Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton.
Lock Haven locates Pennsylvania.
Lock Haven locates West Branch Suezo River.
Lock Haven locates Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal city of Micro-Town Of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven is the principal city of Williamsport-Lock Haven Combined Statistical Area.
Lock Haven haves Population.
Lock Haven haves Memorial Park.
Lock Haven haves Heisey House.
Lock Haven haves Water Street.
Lock Haven is the drives economy of Light Aircraft Factory.
Lock Haven is the drives economy of College.
Lock Haven is the drives economy of Paper Mill.
Lock Haven is the drives growth of Land Use.
Lock Haven is the drives growth of Transportation.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of White Pine.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Hemlock.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Oak.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Ash.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Maple.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Poplar.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Beech.
Clinton Forests is the abundance of Magnolia.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of White Pine.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Hemlock.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Oak.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Ash.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Maple.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Poplar.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Beech.
Clinton Counties is the abundance of Magnolia.
West Branch Canal is the route of Northumberland.
West Branch Canal is the route of Farrandsville.
West Branch Canal is the route of Lock Haven.
Private Extension is the extension of West Branch Canal.
Private Extension is the route of Lock Haven.
Private Extension is the route of Flemington.
Private Extension is the route of Bald Eagle Creek.
Villages founds 1833.
Villages founds 1839.
Villages is the county seat of 1839.
Epoch is the increase of Population.
Population reachs 830.
Railway reachs Lock Haven.
Railway reachs 1859.
Iron Yokes uses River Current.
Rings uses River Current.
Logs ships Chesapeake Bay.
Logs ships Baltimore.
Fallons associates Gothic Revival.
Fallons associates Greek Revival.
Fallons associates Italianate Architecture.
Railway provides Timber.
Railway is the new mode of transportation of Timber.
Sunbury reachs Erie Railway.
Sunbury reachs 1859.
Housing constructs 1854.
Housing constructs 1856.
Paper Mill locates Castanea Town.
Paper Mill locates Flemington.
Paper Mill is the site of former of Sawmill.
Central State Normal School transfers Pennsylvania Boarding School.
Paper Mill Of New York And Pennsylvania papermakings Former Sawmill.
Boarding School is the branch campus of Clearfield.
University Of Pennsylvania establishs Boarding School.
Y. Baldwin Park is the superfund site of Lock-Haven.
Johnstown is the distance of Philadelphia.
Johnstown is the distance of Pittsburgh.
Johnstown is the route of Renovo.
Johnstown is the location of Castanea.
Johnstown is the location of Dunnstown.
Johnstown is the location of Flemington.
Johnstown is the location of Mill Hall.
Bald Eagle Mountain is the location of Bald Eagle River.
Bald Eagle River is the drainage of Allegheny.
Heisey House is the museum of Victorian Collection.
Heisey House is the official residence of Clinton Historical Society.
Lock-Haven is the local government of Town Council.
Town Council is the mayor of William Baney.
Town Council is the city manager of Richard Marcinkevage.
Lock-Haven is the education facility of Lock-Haven Christian School.
Lock-Haven is the education facility of Catholic School.
Lock-Haven is the education facility of Lock-Haven University.
Lock Haven is the operates of William T. Piper Memorial Airport.
Lock Haven is the taxi service offered of Fullington Taxis.
Lock Haven is the taxi service offered of State College.
Lock Haven is the taxi service offered of Williamsport.
Lock Haven is the taxi service offered of Wilkes.
Lock Haven is the connects with of Pennsylvania Route 150.
Pennsylvania Route 150 is the connects with of Pine Creek Railing.
Lock Haven locates Ccbcna Tibursna.
Ccbcna Tibursna locates Holborn Orchard.
County Solid Waste Authority owns Wayne Township Landfill.
Wayne Township Landfill is the serves of Lock Haven.
Lock Haven locates Lock Haven Hospital.
Lock Haven Hospital is the offers services of Susque.
Lock Haven Hospital is the offers programs of Mental Health Clinic.
Mental Health Clinic is the offers care of Psychiatrist.
Lock Haven bears John French Sloan.
Lock Haven bears Alison Bechdel.
Lock Haven bears Senator Of Arkansas.