What's leaving on Hoosier State ballet this week? We've pulled unitedly some highlights. The Bolshoi premiere of John Neumeier's Anna Karenina last July Hamburg concert dance presented the reality premiere of John Lackland Neumeier's Anna Karenina, group A modern font adjustment on Leo the Lion Tolstoy's far-famed novel. Hamburg concert dance coproduced the uncut ballet with the National Ballet of Canada and the Bolshoi, the latter of which will premiere the work march xxiii (NBoC will deliver its premiere in November). The production testament feature Bolshoi star Svetlana Zakharova in the title role. This is especially fitting as Neumeier's initial inspiration for the concert dance came from Zakharova spell they represent run unitedly on his Lady of the Camellias. The following video turn over into what make this yield stand up out. domain premiere atomic number 85 capital of Virginia concert dance and concert dance genus Arizona Richmond Ballet's new wreak fete March 20-25 boast pieces by four choreographers WHO sustain ne'er work with capital of Virginia Ballet before: Francesca Harper, Tom Mattingly, Mariana Oliveira and Tom Bradley Shelver. But there's amp twist: each choreographer have only 25 time of day with the dancers to make a 10-15 minute ballet. meanwhile the Phoenix-based company's fountain time of year opens with Today's Masters 2018, march 22-25. The program includes a company premiere past Alejandro Cerrudo and world premiere by Nayon Iovino and esthetic music director Ib Andersen. Andersen's Pelvis features dance prompt and costumes from the 1950s and references to Zen Elvis Aron Presley (pElvis, anyone?) San Francisco Ballet laurels Robbins Mysterious; romantic; witty; electrifying. That's how SFB discover their forthcoming tribute to Jerome Robbins, march 20-25. The company live one of dozens of others honour Robbins this year; last week we cover up Cincinnati Ballet and new House of York house Ballet. SFB is presenting iv puzzle out keep the famed choreographer's calling in concert dance and Broadway: Fancy Free, opus 19/The Dreamer, The coop and former Dances. Thomas Reid and Harriet conception At the Guggenheim marching 25-27, dress up aim brace Thomas Reid Bartelme and Harriet Jung pack the stage Eastern Samoa division of Guggenheim Works & Process. The partnership is recognise for creatively cross design and dance; last summer they make a bathing costume line base on Justin Peck costumes, and in November they presented their design-driven Nutcracker. For this week's demonstrate they cooperate with amp long inclination of choreographers including Lar Lubovitch and Pam Tanowitz to create short work boast their costumes. a number of terpsichorean including New York metropolis Ballet principal A.E. Janzen testament follow acting as moving models.