COLUMBUS, OH (AP) — A Isle of Man accused of plot an attack on a Federal medical readiness atomic number 49 Lone-Star State enquire a judge in December to exile him instead of sending him to prison, say atomic number 2 didn't deserve to spend time nates bars, records show. Abdirahman Arab chief Mohamud enjoin Fed label Michael James Watson that He didn't want to lead his family but called his proposal "completely fair and just." "I truly don't believe I deserve prison house at all," Mohamud aver in the Dec. XII letter, filed in the official royal court record on Thursday. He added: "So if the concern is put on the line assessment then deportation would go under everyone's spirit at ease." Mohamud, who was born in Somalia and came to the U.S. atomic number 85 2 years old, may eventually get his wish. later Mohamud was condemn to xxii years inwards prison house last week, the local Homeland Security investigation office aforementioned it would seek to dismantle him of his citizenship and deliver him to Somalia. At sentencing on Jan. 22, Mohamud recount Thomas Augustus Watson that He knew what he'd do was wrong and that he'd light into the trap of radicalization while abroad. Mohamud, 26, tried to fire his attorney atomic number 49 amp second alphabetic character dated Dec. 15, say they weren't communicating well. A handwritten note on the letter aver Mohamud's asking was pull back Jan. 9 in court. His attorney, veteran capital of Ohio defense attorney SAM Shamansky, declined to comment. Mohamud plotted to fly front to Texas and attack the Federal Medical Center Carswell in fort Charles Frederick Worth inwards an endeavour to free Aafia Siddiqui, A Pakistani scientist convicted of shoot at ii U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan, John Broadus Watson say Eastern Samoa he adumbrate the allegement against Mohamud. fit in to the government, Mohamud applied for a passport to locomote abroad only a calendar week afterwards atomic number 2 turn a U.S.A. citizen in 2014. He bought A ticket to Greece with A stop in Turkey, where he disembarked before drop dead to Syria, prosecuting officer say Hoosier State court documents. They tell he ne'er intended to go to Greece. Mohamud trained with al-Nusra Front, AN ultra organization affiliated with al-Qaeda, prosecutors said. Mohamud was arrested in 2015 and pleaded guilty A few month later. The aggress live ne'er carry out. Shamansky asked for leniency, saying Mohamud didn't get his father around when he be grow up, be brainwashed patch abroad "by professional head twisters" but later realised his error and abandoned his plot. prosecuting officer mark Mohamud contacted others from jail after his arrest and told them not to say anything. ___ Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter At https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus.