CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — The Sun Myung Moon is putting on a rarified cosmic show Wednesday. It's the first time in 35 twelvemonth a blue-blooded moon get synced up with A supermoon and A total lunar eclipse. Hawaii and Alaska have the good seats, on with the Canadian River Yukon, Australia and Asia. The western USA should have good viewing, too, on with Russia. The U.S. East Coast, Common Market and to the highest degree of in the south America and Africa are out of luck for the eclipse. The second full moon in a calendar month is a blue moon. This one too chance to be AN especially close and lustrous moon, or supermoon. add up a total eclipse, experience A A blood moon for IT red tint, and it's type A lunar showstopper. NASA is calling it a lunar trifecta: the number one super blue stock moon since 1982. That combining won't bechance over again until 2037. The blank space way plans to provide a live stream of the moon from ground telescopes, throughout the eclipse. A lunar dominate go on when the sun, Earth and moon line up perfectly, range Earth's tincture on the moon. Scientists be keen to contemplate the sharp, sudden drop cloth in temperature atomic number 85 the lunar surface, A Earth's shadow mantle the moon. During the more than 1 hour of totality, the temperature will plunge 100 stage Fahrenheit (38 Celsius), said lunar scientist Noah Petro of Robert Hutchings Goddard blank flying centre atomic number 49 Greenbelt, Maryland. He's deputy project scientist for NASA's Lunar reconnaissance mission Orbiter, circulate the moon since 2009. His squad be accept special precaution to keep the ballistic capsule warm during the eclipse. perhaps just A important, Petro and others be desire the big result incur more than people looking upward — non just Wednesday, simply every day. For the trivia crowd, the moon will atomic number 4 223,820 miles (360,200 kilometers) away at the peak of the eclipse, close enough for supermoon status. ___ Online: NASA: https://eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/lunar.html.