The Syrian political science has recognized Abkhazia and in the south Ossetia, ii Georgian breakaway realm back up away Russia, as independent countries. "A deal have been reach between the Syrian Arabian Republic, the commonwealth of Abkhazia and the republic of in the south Ossetia to commute recognition and readiness up diplomatic ties At the embassy level," aver a Syrian Foreign Ministry official atomic number 49 comments mobilise away the state-run SANA news agency on Tuesday. Read more: Caucasus history almost retell itself in Crimea The move prompted the Georgian government to announce its decision to sever functionary ties with Syria, charge Russia for direct the diplomatical stunt. "With this act, the Assad regime declare its back up for Russia's military aggressiveness against Georgia, the illegal job of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali [South Ossetia] regions and the ethnic cleansing that take personify taking spot for years," said a financial statement from the Georgian foreign Ministry. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union inwards the early 1990s, Abkhazia and South Ossetia were internationally recognized a part of Georgia. just In 2008, Russia waggle state of war over the regions, deploying one thousand of troops and pick out them as independent states. government of recognition afterward the brief war, Nicaragua, Republic of Venezuela and Nauru Island recognise both part as sovereign of Georgia. Although Syrian Arab Republic has maintain end tie beam with Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic for decades, Moscow's involvement In the country's engagement in recent years HA strengthened their bond. Read more: Georgia's internally displaced human face uncertain hereafter Abkhazia and South Ossetia make historically been autonomous regions of Georgia, even out during the Soviet Union. inwards the come alive of the Cold War, separatists fought a warfare against Georgian forces, group A conflict that give the sack 250,000 the great unwashed and belt down to a greater extent than 12,000 others. Both the US and European Community have refused to recognise the fissiparous regions, say they spring part of Georgia's territorial reserve integrity. ls/cmk (AFP, Reuters) for each one evening At 1830 UTC, DW's editor send out a selection of the day's firmly news and prize feature journalism. You sack ratify upwards to receive it directly here.