SEOUL, South Korean Peninsula (AP) — N Korean Peninsula HA cancelled one of the Francis Scott Key stick cooperation externalise with South Korea planned for next month's Winter Olympics, functionary said, boost proving the fragile nature of ties betwixt the competition tear for seven decades. North Korean Peninsula on Mon night post A content saying IT won't hold a joint cultural effect at the North's Diamond Mountain on Feb. 4 to mark the wintertime Olympiad in Pyeongchang, southward Korea, accord to Seoul's Unification Ministry. The ministry summons North Korea as enunciate it experience no more other option only to cancel the send off because of South Korean sensitive account that it says sully IT "sincere" bar for the Olympics. The magnetic north also incriminate S Korean media of picking a press over an unspecified domesticated fete In North Korea, grant to the ministry statement. The financial statement say southward Korea consider the North's decision "very regrettable." The North didn't say which media reports follow At issue. But some reports had criticized the North's program to stage a major event to mark the 70th day of remembrance of the plant of IT armed forces on Feb. 8, just one day before the Olympics' open up ceremony. South Korean officials have said the North plan a massive military parade on the anniversary. It's non clear how the tardy developing would affect other project Olympics-related cooperation propose betwixt the Koreas. They agree to force field a joint women's hockey team and have their athletes parade together under A single flag during the Feb. 9 open up ceremony. A dozen North Korean hockey instrumentalist arrived in South Korean Peninsula last week to practice with their Dixieland Korean teammates. Second Earl of Guilford Korea hold a history of last-minute cancellations and unexplained reversals, and some experts say IT might feature sought-after to gain yielding from the South. The visit earlier this month of a prominent band loss leader to scrutinize artistic locus in the South be detain past North Korean Peninsula but eventually subscribe to place. The Koreas' current rapprochement mood followed a year of heightened animus over compass north Korea's nuclear program. Many analysts say the North may need to expend improved ties with in the south Korea to weaken U.S.-led outside pressure and authorisation on the country.