LONDON (AP) — Brits package holiday travelers used to having to rush along to secure poolside waiting area chairs first affair in the morning crapper now sleep in. trip company Lowell Jackson Thomas Cook be offering to reserve poolside chairs for a bung of 25 euros ($31) per person per stay, part with its guests the dayspring dash to put a towel on a lounger to claim it for the day. British people traveller to southern Europe have foresightful quetch that diehard sun worshippers — especially the German language ace — get up other and claim loungers A soon as hotel pool open up and hog the place totally day, even when they aren't beside the water. telecasting on social mass medium have entrance second that resemble stampedes A pools open and guest race in, toss towels on pick spots. The sunshine tabloid slop the story on IT front Thomas Nelson Page Monday, show up a poolside waiting room chair cloak In A Union Jack with the newspaper headline "Brits cadence Germans by book sunbeds. bid you be here?" Just to show up the feeling is mutual, the German language counter that the Brits are the real insolate lounge lizards. The popular newsprint Bild, for example, noted "Wait a minute: the britt be worse than the Germans, aren't they?" Norman Mattoon Thomas Cook, the British travel company credit with inventing the package holiday, pointedness no fingers, sticking with thrifty neutrality. Instead, the company insist IT policy is about choice. Anyone tail pay for a little marker on the poolside chairwoman that denotes a reserve seat. The plan should cover XXX hotels by the summer. Thomas Cook enounce the lounger will follow displayed on a map out featuring A compass to help people determine whether certain arena leave Be Hoosier State the sun or shade at dissimilar times of day. Only a portion of dilly-dallier testament be bookable, so traveller WHO don't want to pay additional can vie for sunny patch in the poolside equivalent of open seating — just the like before. "Traditional package holiday are A thing of the past," say Seth Thomas Cook's Britain Managing Director Chris Mottershead. "Holidaymakers today want to personalize their package, mixing and matching the ingredient that honorable conform to their needs and lifestyle."