new House of York (AP) — The tv set audience for Bruno Mars' dominating night at the Grammy Awards was a sparser one than music's big night has hear for intimately a decade, and a steep decline of 24 per centum from the program a year earlier. The Nielsen company guess Mon that 19.8 million people see the Grammys, liken to 26.1 million net year. It was the Grammys' smallest audience since xix jillion watched in 2009. This year's show endure from a lack of star power, with big-selling artists Adele, Beyonce and Taylor Swift absent from the stage. It be billed go inward as A heavy night for rap, and while that may be music's most popular style now, it may get been off-putting for just about casual music fans. rapper Kendrick Lamar open up with amp medley that featured group A portraiture of terpsichorean be felled by bullets. funny Dave Chappelle even declare oneself AN explanation for viewers who English hawthorn have been uncomfortable: "The only affair more dreadful than learn a pitch-black man be honest in America is a black-market Isle of Man live honest in America," he said. The demonstrate feature just about political content, let in a cameo of Sir Edmund Hillary Clinton reading from Michael Wolff's best-seller on the Trump administration, "Fire and Fury," as well as commentary on women's right wing and throttle violence. IT was a popular theory on play a trick on News channel that an "anti-Trump diatribe" be responsible for close to witness staying away. "I tin conceive of set turn off when IT gets that political," aforementioned Ainsley Earhardt, a host on "Fox & Friends," the president's favourite morning show. The viewership decline was guiding light compared to other awards show recently. The to the highest degree recent gilded Globes and Oscars telecasts were land tetrad percent from the previous year, while last September's Emmys viewership was rough the Same as the year before, Nielsen said. Grammy viewership take mostly been between 20 and 30 one thousand thousand this retiring decade, from A in high spirits of 39.9 million people who observe In 2012, when the awards take place shortly after Mount Whitney Houston's death.