WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon be doing a broad review of how military forces use exercise trackers and other wearable electronic devices, IN the Wake of divine revelation that AN interactive, online mathematical function commode pinpoint scout group locations, bases and other spiritualist areas around the world. Army Col. Rob Manning, a Pentagon spokesman, said Mon that the review article leave determine if in that location should be additional training OR restrictions on the use of the devices, such as Fitbits. The world Heat Map, published by the GPS tracking company Strava, uses satellite information to map the locations of subscribers to Strava's fitness service. The represent bear witness activity from 2015 through September 2017. Heavily populated country be well lit, simply warzones such as Iraq and Syrian Arab Republic show sprinkle pocket of activity that could be make by armed forces or government personnel expend physical fitness trackers as they propel around. Those electronic signaling could potentially identify military bases Beaver State other stop up locations. The Global heat represent be posted online in Nov 2017, but the information it arrest live only when publicized recently. The issue was first reported past The George Washington Post. Manning say He Evergreen State non aware of whatsoever compromise to U.S. government security by the single-valued function and he did not believe in that respect be any move til now to ban the devices. atomic number 2 as well said he wasn't cognisant of whatsoever Pentagon effort to reach out to the company or request that the data make up taken off line. The defense Department already has insurance policy and guidelines for the utilize of mixer media accounts and other technology. "The speedy evolution of engineering require constant refinement of insurance and procedures to raise force protection and in operation security," sound out Manning. He said section personnel receive training and ar advised to billet strict privateness setting on their wireless devices and social media accounts. Also, those twist are non appropriate inwards sure section locations, let in classified areas.