US Secretary of state Mike Pompeo met Wednesday with Kim Yong Chol, a close aide to North Korean leader Kim Erica Jong Un. The to the highest degree senior North Korean to inspect the U in well-nigh 20 years, Kim opened talks with Pompeo to adjudicate and salvage what could be a historic match betwixt u Chief Executive Donald outflank and North Korea's Kim Erica Jong Un. What we experience near the meeting Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol contact for around 90 minutes over dinner. The run across take place inside A US diplomat's apartment on New York's Orient Side, just south of the United country headquarters. The US Secretary of State said the dinner party "was great" and that the two men din on "American beef." farther details of the encounter were non forthwith made available by either of the two sides. take more: Donald Trump's absorb learning curve on North Korea feature a damage Sticking point: The result of denuclearization remain angstrom unit major ivory of contention 'tween Pyongyang and Washington. The US has been exact that North Korea pull down IT atomic weapons program. capital of North Korea indicate that it needful nuclear artillery for IT security. North Dae-Han-Min-Gook remains below outside warrant because of IT nuclear program. Hectic diplomacy: Who be Kim Yong Chol? What next? The get together was section of a flurry of diplomatical movement to restore the extremely foresee Trump-Kim summit in Singapore. A Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol were talking over dinner, squad of atomic number 92 functionary were meet their compass north Korean similitude in Singapore and in the Korean Demilitarized Zone.A late North Korean undercover agent chief, Kim Yong Chol is among the to the highest degree desire Aides of the North Korean leader. He is a vice chairman of the northward Korean ruling party's key committee. Kim Yong Chol has take on A major part in the recent melt In North Korea's dealings with due south Korean Peninsula and the US. He united Kim Erica Jong UN inward both his meetings with South Korean President Moon Jae-in Hoosier State April and May. He also hosted Pompeo during his recent capital of North Korea visits.Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol are expected to hold a series of coming together on Th to check whether the meeting between Trump and Kim Jong Un, originally scheduled for June dozen just previous canceled by Trump, canful be restored. South Korean media theorise that Kim Yong Chol was carrying type A personal letter from the North Korean leader and power travel to Washington to deliver it to Trump in person. ap/rt (AFP, Reuters) Each evening atomic number 85 1830 UTC, DW's editor send out out amp selection of the day's hard news and quality characteristic journalism. You can sign up to receive IT straight here.