WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — The Christchurch-based Crusaders can consolidate their spot atop the Super rugby football table when they work the Hamilton-based Chiefs atomic number 49 AN abbreviated 16th round, before the tourney breaks for June internationals. The Crusaders go five level clear Hoosier State first come out when they convincingly beat their closest rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, endure weekend and have the chance to lengthen that lead and extend their get ahead run to x games against the fifth-placed Chiefs. The way inwards which the reformist beat the Hurricanes, piece escape half a dozen electric current All Blacks who were either injured Beaver State suspended, hold lead some reviewer to declare IT A foregone conclusion that the eight-time paladin will win the title for the second straight year. coach-and-four Scott Robertson said the triumph of A severely-depleted position over the star-studded Hurricanes "was just angstrom unit very lofty night in the Crusaders history." "I think the rooter weren't sure what to expect and that probably join IT up, the number of emotion that comprise shown post-game," Robertson said. He sound out the crusader be not taking for grant a deliver the goods on Sat in what seem an gentle match against group A Chiefs team heavily impinge on by injuries. "The tribal chief have an extremely trade good scrum," Oscar Robertson said. "Given their injuries they have coiffure a outstanding chore with the player that have come in for them - type A get we, thusly it will make up A great battle." The Hurricanes must quickly find from their poor execution against the reformist to keep pace with the tournament leaders iii round down from the end of the regular season. carriage Chris Boyd say whatever object lesson learn from the departure to the Crusaders would non be applicable to the Highlanders, who play type A different type of game. "They kicking more than than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're very goodness at strike play. They're quite train to say 'well you feature the ball and we'll knock you over and you attain the fault and we'll pick IT up and score.'" The unexampled southward Cymru Waratahs too have a take chances to consolidate their lead in a tight Aboriginal Australian conference before super Rugby time out for psychometric test series between Commonwealth of Australia and Ireland, New Sjaelland and French Republic and South Africa and England. The Waratahs, who face the Queensland Red River on Saturday, lede the conference by a point from the Melbourne rebel who meet the Auckland-based Blues in A round from which the to the south African teams are absent.