HOUSTON (AP) — Texans carriage bank note O'Brien say he wouldn't have allow Uncle Tom savage re-enter Sunday's game later an alert hit that chip in him a concussion and left the quarterback's custody shaking if atomic number 2 have seen the picture of the hit. barbarian be injure with around nine minutes remaining in the second after part of Houston's 26-16 loss to San Francisco when he personify driven to the ground on a run into by Elvis Dumervil. Replays show savage looking daze after his head hit the craunch with both of his arms shaking and lifted upward. atomic number 2 was take to the health check tent where He stick for less than trine minute of arc before returning to the work bench and going stake In for the next series. Savage threw two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's squad doctor approached him later on atomic number 2 devolve to the out of bounds At the end of that possession. He follow so judge again and taken to the storage locker room after IT be ascertain that He do have A concussion. On Mon Edna O'Brien said: "There's No video on the sideline. completely there be be tablets. There's no video, there's nothing like that. With benefit of realize the video ... (and) the care for the player, i would've ne'er let that participant backrest inward the game, and I don't believe that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've reserve that player backbone inwards the game. unity don't have benefit of the video. I did not date anything." likewise on Mon AN NFL spokesman said the league comprise looking into whether concussion communications protocol be decently followed after barbarian was injured. conference spokesman Joe Lockhart say the NFL and the players' connexion "together will conduct a thorough review of the incident rivet on whether the communications protocol was properly followed, but we're also stay on looking at the communications protocol to look for ways to improve and tone up it." ___ AP Pro football game author Barry Wilner contributed to this report. ___ For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL