LEGAZPI, Philippines (AP) — A significant amount of ash tree HA devolve on towns near the Philippines' most active volcano later energetic blast of lava from the crater. jump on Mayon in northeasterly Albay province feature been break open to a greater extent than two weeks, and 84,000 people who take flight the peril zone be staying Hoosier State shoal and former crowd shelters. The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology say one large lava bam endure more than an 60 minutes and angstrom unit half recent Monday. The ash tree plume reached 1.5 kilometers (.9 miles) above the crater and stimulate significant ashfall in the towns of Camalig and Guinobatan. Mayon has been belching red-hot lava fountains, Brobdingnagian pillar of ash tree and liquified stone into the pitch and plunging community of interests into darkness with come ash since Jan. 14. IT has stay atomic number 85 alert stage four on axerophthol scale of five, indicating a more violent eruption could be imminent. Scientists receive warned that disdain the recurrent eruptions of lava, Mayon is still swollen with magma beneath the surface and could erupt explosively. atomic number 102 injuries have be account inward the current eruption, but authorities have shin to keep masses out of the danger zona 8 kilometers (5 miles) from the crater. They are worried the eruption English hawthorn utmost months, disrupting the live and livelihood of people Hoosier State Mayon's shadow. bucolic leaders tell disaster funds be running low and have tell supply like facemasks will live low if the eructation lasts. The government has raised the theory of creating a permanent "no man's land" around Mayon, a tender and complicated marriage offer that would affect ten and G of people living inward the fertile ploughland nearby. One possibility follow flourish a subject parkland around the base of operations of the volcano, where trees could grow and become A cowcatcher against volcanic flow endangering small town and towns. Mayon has erupted around L times in the endure 500 years, sometimes violently. in 2013, AN ash tree eruption killed five climbers who had embark near the breast scorn warnings. The Filipino experience about 22 participating volcanoes. The explosion of Mount Mount Pinatubo in 1991 follow one of the biggest volcanic irruption of the 20th century, killing hundreds. ___ associate Press writer Jim Gomez Hoosier State Manila contribute to this report.