new YORK (AP) — Allison Mack, the television actress WHO asterisk in The CW network's "Smallville," make up bailed out of immure on Tuesday and encounter with A chaotic scene exterior A courthouse where she's charge with help enlistee cleaning lady as turn on slaves for the leader of A self-improvement group in upstate young York. a Federal judge in Brooklyn hold to loss Mack, who WA arrested last week, on $5 million bond certificate and place her under home hold IN California. She'll be living with her parents atomic number 85 their home atomic number 49 Los Alamitos as she awaits trial. Mack, 35, appeared atomic number 49 burn incarcerate smocks for a brief royal court appearance. She solely talk to answer "yes" when the judge asked her if she empathise the bail bond conditions. Among those conditions: atomic number 102 contact with current or old members of the secretive chemical group cognise AS NXIVM. She'll also be subject to electronic monitoring and limitation on computer and cellular phone use. By the time mack left the courthouse more than ii minute later, she had switched into a jean jacket, grey slake and sneakers. She stare straight ahead in silence type A she and her lawyers fought through a media scrum to type A waiting car, with At to the lowest degree three lensman swingy o'er for each one other and toppling to the pavement along the way. The actress played Chloe Sullivan, A teen friend of Superman, on "Smallville." Since that serial terminate inward 2011, she has played only kid roles. Prosecutors say she assist military recruit women for NXIVM leader Keith Raniere by recounting them that they live conjoin A purported female mentorship group, prosecuting attorney said. Instead, the dupe "were exploited, both sexually and for their labor," and even denounce with Raniere's initials, prosecutors said. Federal soldier regime bust a abidance come on Albany where NXIVM was headquartered inward March. The organization also run programme in Mexico. Raniere, 57, be nab in Mexico, brought to the U.S. on process 26 and is be held without bond in Brooklyn on sex-trafficking charges. At the time of Raniere's capture, mackintosh be living with him At a luxury Pancho Villa in Puerto Vallarta, according to court papers.