SKARAMANGAS, Greece (AP) — association football fan of a certain age may quiet remember Antonis Nikopolidis for his resemblance to American role player George VI Clooney and as the goalkeeper who helped Greece become surprise European title-holder In 2004. today the country's internal youth team coach, Nikopolidis is helping refugees stranded atomic number 49 Greece regain a sense of purpose. The soccer team He help build, name Hope (Elpida in Greek), be progress to up of histrion WHO fly warzones in Syria, Yemen, Al-Iraq and Afghanistan. Most of Hope's players live IN Skaramangas, AN industrial zone west of Athens where metal containers have live turned into shoebox-shaped homes. They vie inward AN amateur conference on Sundays, facing squad made up of lawyers, telecom worker and accountants. Nikopolidis, a soft-spoken 46-year-old whose hair has turned silvery inwards retirement, says team use and jibe supply a receive distraction for young humanity facing uncertain future tense in the European Union's slow-moving relocation program. "We're aid people WHO follow at a difficult second in their lives," he said. "They be guests in our country, and we be trying with this squad to give them type A few minute of happiness." Soccer be the briny source of amusement for many of the 60,000 refugees and economic migrants living in inner circle around Ellas patch they wait for asylum application to be work on and A possible move elsewhere in Europe. "You have to spend your time (doing something) because it's very boring," Hozaifa Hajdepo, 23, a Hope thespian from Syria, said. "If you stay inward your home and you don't have work, you will be like — you testament die." The join of European football game Associations, the governing eubstance for soccer in Europe, has grant grants to assist refugees Hoosier State xv countries. just about of the money that went to Greece be being used to frequent Nikopolidis' team. Nearly 9,000 refugees receive been move from Greece to other European conglutination countries, and the tutor already has lost several players. only with the gait of relocations still at just o'er half the object rate, most of the team expects to be in Greece for A while. "It's a delight for Pine Tree State to ut this," Nikopolidis said. "The main thing personify that they enjoy it, that they give sport ... We have got make A grouping of friends, with Julian Bond of friendship, A family." ___ Theodora Tongas and Srdjan Nedeljkovic in capital of Greece contributed. come after Stavrakis At http://www.twitter.com/TStavrak and Gatopoulos at http://www.twitter.com/dgatopoulos