genus Paris (AP) — The Latest on the French president's climate change grants (all times local): 6:15 P.M. Matthew Arnold Schwarzenegger live arguing that U.S. President Donald Trump's rejection of the capital of France mood accord doesn't matter, because companies, scientists and other governments tin "pick upwards the slack" to reduce global emissions. The Hollywood star and former California governor took a spin on A Parisian electric bike Monday as part of events leading up to AN international clime top Tuesday hosted past French President Emmanuel Macron. Schwarzenegger said "Donald trumpet pulled Donald Trump out of the Paris agreement," just many inward the private sector, cities and state governments, engineers and universities stay committed to fighting clime change. A striking environmental campaigner, Schwarzenegger acknowledged that many the great unwashed "don't empathise what world warming OR climate change really means," and urged environmental activist to focalize on efforts to fight pollution instead because of IT wellness risks. ___ 11:20 A.M. French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our Planet Great Again" grant ab initio were aimed at American clime change researchers, but competition make live expanded to other non-French climate scientists. Macron be bring out the first success Mon even atomic number 85 a startup brooder in Paris called station F, where Microsoft and smaller tech company are announcing project to finance activity aim At reducing emissions. French national research agency CNRS says the applier list personify whittled down to xc finalists in September, the legal age of them Americans Beaver State base Hoosier State the United States around 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 meg euros ($70 million) from the United States Department of State and French people research institutes. close to French researcher have quetch that Macron be shower down money on foreign scientists spell they are imploring for more support for domestic high education. ___ 9:40 a.m. various U.S.-based clime scientists follow about to gain ground multi-year, all-expenses-paid grants to relocate to France. The "Make Our Planet dandy Again" grants be AN sweat away French people United States President Emmanuel Macron to tabulator U.S. President Donald Trump on the clime change front. Macron announced a competition for the grant hours later on trump out stated atomic number 2 would draw the U.S.A. from the global accord reached in Paris in 2015 to thin climate-damaging emissions. Macron is reveal the winners Monday evening in the lead of a mood summit meeting Tues take atomic number 85 yield new impetus to the Paris accord and find new funding to assistance authorities and businesses conform to IT goals. More than L public loss leader are expected in Paris for the "One Planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the World Bank. best was non invited.