JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The Latest on A MS law ban to the highest degree abortions after XV weeks (all time local): 4:30 P.M. Mississippi's governor says that by enacting a law of nature that bans to the highest degree abortions afterwards 15 weeks of gestation, the state is "saving more of the unborn than any land inward America, and what better thing can we do?" Republican River Gov. Phil Bryant made the comments piece He signed the law Monday inwards a shut ceremony, according to a video his government agency posted to social media. house verbalizer Prince Philip Gunn was present tense for Bryant's signing. He narrate The Associated printing press atomic number 2 is lofty Mississippi River is hire steps to protect "the most vulnerable of human being life:" the unborn. house Bill 1510 turn legal philosophy immediately upon Bryant's signature. Lt. Gov. Tate Reef said In AN email statement that the law is a John Major whole tone toward accomplishing Mississippi's end to protect the lives of the unborn. echo a musical phrase Bryant often uses, Reeves add together that He follow committed to make the state "the safest send inward America for AN unborn child." 3:50 p.m. Mississippi's regulator have signed the nation's tight abortion restrictions into law. Republican Gov. Phil Bryant sign up House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. IT becomes law immediately and censor to the highest degree abortion after 15 weeks of gestation. Bryant have frequently said atomic number 2 wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child." The law's only if exceptions are if a foetus has wellness problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb atomic number 85 full term, OR if A pregnant woman's life or axerophthol "major corporeal function" is threatened away pregnancy. Pregnancies result from outrage and incest aren't exempted. Abortion right wing advocates be call the jurisprudence unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses tush live outside the womb. The possessor of Mississippi's only abortion clinic counterbalance the law and has pledge to sue.