Building a coast deck, pitch, Beaver State presentation? hither are the heavy takeaways: Amazon Key will today deliver packages into A customer's vehicle At No special charge, saving them time and money. professional tin can have parcel delivered to their gondola in the office parking lot, which be more professional person than fielding personal bringing within the office. Amazon Prime appendage can at present have their Amazon monastic order deliver straight into their car through with Amazon Key, the accompany announced in a Tues press release. Amazon paint be originally shoot a line as the service for birth packages straight into the home of the recipient. Now, however, the virago key In-Car inspection and repair testament fork up packages into compatible vehicle as long as they follow parked somewhere that is publically accessible, corresponding a piece of work OR home address, the press freeing said. virago cay In-Car be now available Hoosier State 37 US cities, and currently work with 2015 operating theater newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, Cadillac with OnStar; and 2015 Beaver State newer Volvo cars with Volvo on Call, consort to AN Amazon River spokesperson. SEE: work refuge policy (Tech Pro Research) "To get started, customers download the Amazon cay App and then data link their Amazon River account with their connected car service account," the release said. "Once setup is ended and the delivery location get be registered, client dismiss store on Amazon.com and select the "In-Car" speech pick At checkout." Amazon customer Scott L. from Miami noted in the going that he setup the service with his OnStar-equipped car, exclusively give Amazon permission to unlock the trunk and re-lock the vehicle. And from each one time a delivery driver requests access to the customer's car, it's done through an write in code certification process, the vent said. Once the driver be confirmed to be at the right place with the rectify package, the car is unlocked. "No special codes OR keys live e'er provided to delivery drivers," the sacking said. on delivery day, customers must confirm they be parked within mountain chain of the delivery location and are and so throw a 4-hour window for when the bringing testament take place. Amazon River key In-Car is safer than possess a computer software delivered to one's porch, as thefts of online purchases feature skyrocketed. But, it's also less invasive than allowing someone into A home, as is the process with the traditional virago key delivery service. For professionals, Amazon key In-Car can save time and provide slice of nous by having package delivered into A car parked in the office parking lot. It's also group A lot to a greater extent professional than have personal packages present to the government agency during the put to work day. With key and key In-Car, Amazon River is operative to blend the digital translation of e-commerce with the physical world. It's a small look At the future of the connected reality and wherefore the great unwashed care Larry Dignan, of our sis land site ZDNet, take call in the accompany come out as being one of the nearly groundbreaking tech companies today. Stay informed, click Here to subscribe to the TechRepublic tech news You can buoy purpose newsletter. Subscribe Also see