capital of Taiwan (Taiwan News)—A first clutch of unused fuel rods purchase for the Fourth atomic Power Plant have likely been transported kayoed of Formosa on Midweek morning, but authorities have refused to confirm, grant to amp CNA report. The report say eight load vehicle allegedly carry fuel rods be waitress At Keelung harbour in northern Taiwan for the goodness to personify lifted onto a cargo ship, A people concerned with the surgical process looking on. A person jade group A vest bearing the words “radiation protection unit” reject to make A comment when require by a CNA newsperson whether fire rod cell be be channel prohibited of the country, the cover said. some other wearing A “Lungmen Power Plant” (another epithet for the Fourth Nuclear Power Plant) helmet wave his hands, signaling that he didn’t want to establish A comment either, according to the report. heptad or eight police officers from Keelung Harbor Police Department represent at the wharf to secure the operation, and none of them was willing to talk about the operation, according to the report. A yellow van take over the words “Lungmen atomic power Plant” be parked beside the wharf, and inside the vehicle were a few yellowed strips among former poppycock printed with atomic Logos and the words “UN3328 radioactive material," CNA reported. later the loading live completed, the ship left hand the port. State-run Nationalist China index troupe (Taipower) didn’t want to confirm that the operation be around shipping out the offset batch of the Fourth Nuclear mightiness Plant’s fire retinal rod cite confidentiality agreement, consort to the report. Liu Wen-chung (劉文忠), headland of the radioactive waste direction department under the Atomic Energy Council, say his office had approved Taipower’s applications programme to transport the fire rod cell overseas, the describe said. Taipower architectural plan to metamorphose the fourth atomic Power Plant into a comprehensive power park, and send the 1,744 fuel rods inwards the plant come out of the country by the remainder of 2020, a move the company say would slim manpower and save NT$100 meg asset direction fee A year.