Brussels (AP) — International efforts to rebuild Syrian Arab Republic erst the polite warfare be o'er should center on agriculture to squawk start the economy and quickly improve the living of the people, a high-level merge country official tell Tuesday. In AN interview with The link iron out ahead of an outside Syria bestower conference, the unify Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization's Deputy Director General Book of Daniel Gustafson say that in case of a return to peace the impact of financial backing farming would yield almost prompt results. "If you place Hoosier State that, you are going to have A quick return," He said. scorn seven year of warfare through and through practically of the midriff Eastern nation which likewise blighted tilled land and ruined facilities, farming shut up account for about A quarter of Syria's gross domestic product. UN figures show that some $16 billion IN production experience been lose because of the war and it will take roughly as much to baffle the recovery of agriculture locomote again. At the two-day Syrian Arab Republic conference opening Tuesday, donors from crosswise the orb trust to put various billion in assistance to palliate the pressing needs of Syrians. ended $5 jillion was send last year. Farming in Syrian Arab Republic goes support many thousands of years and the country WA long a breadbasket for the area. When the warfare started almost half the population was still employed in farming. And scorn the horrid state of war that ravaged orchard and fields, weakened the availableness of seeds and fertilizers and sent many millions fleeing, half the output survives to this day. "The resiliency of the agriculture sector be an astounding story. You stock-still have half the production of wheat of what you had before the war" — deuce one thousand thousand tons, instead of 4 million before the war, Gustafson said. Still, close to 6.5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a lack of food, tell Gustafson. While most of the attending go to shocking events same bombardment OR even flatulency attacks, war IN the countryside often has A more creep effect. "It is this continuous deterioration of their livelihoods. You cannot get seeds, you cannot sell stuff, you cannot trade, you cannot get spare parts," Gustafson said. "The unscathed thing just kind of grinds down." He say that fortunately, the situation can likewise pick up again soon in one case the condition are right, in one case the right seeds come inward once again and people and good are once more free to go close to the country.