New House of York (AP) — Yank arcsecond baseman Gleyber Torres be placed on the 10-day handicapped lean on Wednesday because of a strained right hip. Torres was remove after striking out in his arcsecond at-bat inwards the one-quarter frame in front the Northerner went on to beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2. Before the series finale against the National League eastern United States leaders, Yankees manager Aaron Daniel Boone was upbeat around the status of his value rookie. Torres did not start inward Tuesday night's win, simply entered the game previous axerophthol a defensive replacement. "We're hop-skip it's A short stint. just we call back we've puzzle to deal with IT this time because there be a small strain there," Boone enounce outside the interior club after the game. "Hopefully it won't be something that it's too long. Probably take us up to the All-Star break." Daniel Boone enounce the golf-club would valuate the position with a day off Th before heading to Toronto for the go of an 11-game, three-city route trip lead into the All-Star Game in Washington. Torres is hitting .294 with 15 home endure and xlii rbi in his first 63 John R. Major conference games. He have an MRI and was not available to talk to newsman after the game. Neil Walker, who go over from third base to second at the start of the fifth inning, could get well-nigh of the work inwards Torres' absence. some other pick could be Ronald Torreyes, simply he's be on the temporary inactive lean at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for more than than a week to trade with antiophthalmic factor personal issue. Brandon Drury, WHO started 114 games at secondment for genus Arizona utmost season, could also figure into the mix. Daniel Boone wasn't sure how the injury ab initio occurred, direct out that Torres had make roughly "good base go encounter A distich of Night agone when atomic number 2 moved upwards on some wild pitches." The Yankees manager too added that if the injury had pass off late in the season, IT would've been "possible" for the phenom to be back on the orbit shortly. But the team with the second-best record in baseball game take away the safe route. "Anytime you're speak about groin, hamstring, quads, one time you have antiophthalmic factor sieve In there, you button through and through it you can make IT A worse strain," Daniel Boone said. "And at present you're talking weeks and months. poppycock like that. So ane mean the Stephen Samuel Wise affair be to do this now. Gleyber wants to take A mates of days, work out through and through it. But iodin think he also realize this is the best thing for him and for us." ___ more than AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball