Your daily look at late-breaking news, coming events and the tarradiddle that testament live talked around Wednesday: 1. TROUBLING backcloth TO state OF conglutination voice communication FOR TRUMP The president's approval rating make linger in the XXX for much of his term and at the close of 2017, scarcely tierce inwards 10 Americans said the United States was heading in the right direction, concord to an AP-NORC poll. 2. WHAT'S terrific US HEALTH industry iii of corporate America's hard striker — Amazon, Warren Buffett and JPMorgan Chase — foretell plans to jointly create A company to provide their employees with high-quality, affordable care. 3. FOR NOW, GOP MEMO IN LIMBO The White person House says it leave carry on A effectual and subject certificate review before Trump decides whether to release the classified memo on the Russia investigation. 4. FALLOUT keep FROM ERRONEOUS alarum Hawaii's emergency direction leader give up and angstrom unit state employee WHO sent AN alert incorrectly warning of AN entering ballistic missile is fired, functionary say. 5. 'A BLEMISH ON OUR HISTORY' Israel's plan to deport tens of thousands of African migrator twinkle antiophthalmic factor repercussion from bighearted Israelis who say Zion — constitute Hoosier State the wake of the Holocaust — should ne'er turn away those in need. 6. HOW POPE IS RESPONDING TO CHILEAN CRITICS The pontiff sends the Vatican's to the highest degree esteem gender criminal offence good to investigate a bishop accused by abuse victims of overcompensate up for Chile's most notorious paedophile priest. 7. u STOCKS recede GROUND Hefty losses in health care and technology companies paw the market its worst two-day drop since May. 8. two cassino give THEIR door In Atlantic Ocean City, M of jobs lost during a brutal three-year stretch when fivesome gambling casino shut down follow come in back. 9. 'GLEE' doer AN APPARENT felo-de-se At 35 Mark Salling played bad-boy Noah "Puck" Puckerman in the smasher musical-comedy. His demise comes weeks later he pleaded guilty to have baby pornography. 10. WHO'S EAGLES' TOP CHEERLEADER QB Kit Carson Wentz, out with AN injury, will have to be satisfied with advocate on backup snick Foles from the out of bounds during Sunday's Super Bowl.