The number one Amendment give American language freedom of speech, however, it do not give citizens freedom from consequences of their speech, tell tech author and BlogHer co-founder ELISA Camahort Page. Recently, a Google engineer be discharge later on bring out type A controversial memorandum state women don't beforehand in the tech industry because of biological differences. page use this issue to shed light on how company put up carry off free locution in the workplace. SEE: Employee political activity policy (Tech pro Research) inwards the state of affairs of the Google memo, the employee be fired not because He recrudesce a law, but because atomic number 2 break away a company policy. "When people talk just about have open dissertate and people being able-bodied to atomic number 4 free people to limited their opinions, what they miserly is around 'how to develop a product' or 'how to accost company services,' varlet said. "They want to have alternative points of sight around making the best possible product." This freedom of expression in the work isn't AN relieve to get into political debates, and most companies don't require you to do that, she said. IT also becomes a financial obligation subject for angstrom unit accompany when IT employees make disparaging comment around their colleagues—especially inward an environment where collaboration live critical—because it affect employees' comfort point and deters the best talent. SEE: Hostile work prevention policy (Tech pro Research) paginate suggested that troupe of every size should get A code of behavior around internal and external communications. Companies need take in policies in place about the typewrite of speech that's appropriate for their employees well-nigh their colleagues. Employees should also know that they represent the companion when blab out just about anything relevant to their industry. "This should Be normal for companies and employees to understand," she said. Page said that all companies with over l employees should have an HR manager. Once a company reach that size, in that respect are a caboodle to a greater extent policies and regulations that pauperization to be put in place. "There be baseline HR things that you should manage at every company, that's the biggest lesson, and if you're non doing them, you're wanting out." discover the secrets to IT leadership succeeder with these tips on protrude management, budgets, and dealing with day-to-day challenges. subscribe to TechRepublic's executive director Briefing newsletter. Subscribe See also: