American capital (AP) — The Trump establishment let a overstep Russian snoop functionary bring down the United States finally week for meeting with U.S. intelligence officials level though in that respect make up sanctions against him that typically prohibit such visits, functionary said Tuesday. The Russian embassador to the U.S., Anatoly Antonov, aforementioned on Russian state telecasting that Sergei Naryshkin, head of the Russian foreign Intelligence Service, get together with his U.S. vis-a-vis about the fight against terrorism. The visit come in to a lesser extent than a week before President Donald best decided not to issue whatever unexampled imprimatur against Russian political leader and oligarchs over Russian tampering Hoosier State the U.S. government election. Senate Minority Leader spew Schumer, D-N.Y., a frequent critic of Trump's intervention of Russian chairman Vladimir Putin and his government, aforementioned the time of the trip be suspicious. "This is A serious national surety issue," Schumer tell reporters. "Russia hacked our elections. We sanctioned the head of their foreign intelligence, and then the Trump governing invites him to valse through and through our look door. This follow an extreme dereliction of duty by prexy Trump, who seems more than intent on undermining the rein of law inwards this country than standing up to Putin." Schumer wishing to know whether sanctions were discussed, whether Naryshkin likewise met with White planetary house or national security officials and whether other sanctioned Russian functionary were along on the trip. Naryshkin be sanctioned in 2014 in response to Russia's appropriation of Crimea. The CIA liberate a financial statement saying that spell it serve non discuss the schedules of U.S. intelligence agency leaders, "rest tell that any fundamental interaction with foreign intelligence way would wealthy person follow conducted in accordance with U.S. government jurisprudence and in consultation with appropriate section and agencies." Jonathan Schanzer, group A okay expert atomic number 85 the Foundation for the defence of Democracies, said that typically, hoi polloi WHO have be sanctioned have their assets frozen and represent barred from entering the combine States. He aver there are case where individual from canonical countries enter the unify States after get permission to go to get together at the join Nations. situation like Naryshkin's see are more unusual, Schanzer said. "We don't see this form of thing live reported very often," atomic number 2 said. ___ connect mechanical press writers Richard Lardner in Evergreen State and Vladimir Isachenkov in Moscow kick in to this report.