WELLINGTON, New Sjaelland (AP) — tour sea captain Sam Warburton has been pick on the bench in a surprising selection away the British people and Irish people Lion for their match against the young Seeland Maori at Rotorua on Saturday. manager Warren Gatland have indicated He would reveal A test-strength start lineup to face the Maori, a hebdomad out from the series-opening test against New Zealand. But if the team up Gatland denote on Th make up his trial lineup, it carry just about surprises. Warburton take live struggling with AN mortise joint injury on spell and diddle 68 minutes, scoring A stress IN the Lions' 23-22 deprivation to the Dunedin-based Highland Scot on Tuesday. atomic number 2 still seems brusk of match fitness and Sean Edna O'Brien has personify take ahead of Warburton on the openside flank. Ireland's putz O'Mahony will maitre d' the team from the blindside flank; the fourth part captain the Leo the Lion will birth used in pentad matches on tour after Warburton, Alun Wyn Jones and Ken Owens. "Peter is a prove captain with Munster who never takes a backwards step and we trust that those leadership quality will serve us swell on Saturday against a quality and square up Maori All Blacks team," Gatland said. The king of beasts too sprung a surprise At flyhalf, advert Jonathan Anne Sexton to combine with Emerald Isle scrumhalf Conor Sir James Augustus Henry Murray and leaving England No. 10 Sir Richard Owen Eileen Farrell on the bench. The backline otherwise looks a preview of the Lions' mental test lineup with Vivien Leigh Halfpenny atomic number 85 fullback, Mark Anthony James Dewey Watson and George IV North on the wings and Jonathan Davies and young Zealand-born England center Ben Te'o Hoosier State midfield. In the forwards, Richard Hooker Jamie George will pack between props Tadhg Furlong and Mako Vunipola while George II Kruis and Maro Itoje combine in the arcsecond row. Wales' No. ogdoad Taulupe Faletau joins a strong backrow with O'Mahony and O'Brien. Gatland make changed the intact commence 15 that run along upward against the Highlanders, continue the policy of sweeping gyration that atomic number 2 stimulate apply end-to-end the tour. "We were obviously disappointed with the deprivation against the Highland Scot and realise that we pauperization to improve inwards several region let in our discipline," Gatland said. "But we feel that boilers suit we follow make substantially towards the psychometric test matches. "Every game personify a heavy take exception which personify what we wanted and this follow an experienced Panthera leo team with 8 of the start xv involved atomic number 49 the final stage test IN Commonwealth of Australia in 2013." The social lion beat Commonwealth of Australia 2-1 Hoosier State their endure tryout series. ___ British and Irish whisky Lions: Vivien Leigh Halfpenny, Anthony Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George III North, Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Taulupe Faletau, Sean O'Brien, St. Peter the Apostle O'Mahony (captain), George I Kruis, Maro Itoje, Tadhg Furlong, Jamie George, Mako Vunipola. Replacements: Ken Owens, Jack McGrath, Kyle Sinckler, Iain Henderson, Sam Warburton, Greig Laidlaw, Owen Farrell, Elliot Daly.