An unusual mechanical man bug get past a Reddit user is make a circle of people to engrave their heads: When typewrite "the1975..com" (note the special dot) the bill sticker found all of his recent textual matter messages display through Google or else of the content He live searching for. other Reddit users chimed in saying that they live fix the same results, with more or less still experience it when they performed A hunt for "Vizela viagens" (a travel agency IN one Reddit user's place town), and the glitch also seem with variant spellings too. Reddit users with A wide variety of Android devices said they were affected as well. especially interest is one comment posit that if you typecast "my textual matter messages" into the search bar you encounter the same result. What this means for how Google Crataegus oxycantha be stash textual matter subject matter is unknown. Is IT A security risk? Google cause yet to issue a statement regarding the bug, and without some acknowledgement of the issue and IT scope it's difficult to cognize if thither is whatever real risk of data exposure. more than potential personify the opening that the glitch is link to Google Assistant, A pointed out by an article on MSPoweruser: "upon testing, I found out that any Android gimmick with Google assistant get this issue. IT isn't certain if this be a deliberate action by Google OR simply a Weird glitch that [lets] Google approach the messages stored on the device." SEE: peregrine device computing insurance policy (Tech Pro Research) Google assistant has been capable to take text messages aloud for some time, raising the trenchant possibleness that Google simply overlook A few exact look full term that would generate the same result. Those concerned around the seclusion and security of their text content tin protect themselves, and the process is easy. Open the scene app, tap on the Apps option, and then renege SM permissions from the Google app. There's A sound chance this isn't anything to a greater extent than a simple-minded bug, only taking precautions to protect your personal subject matter is good to do hardly in case. The heavy takeaways for tech leaders: Android users be reportedly finding their textual matter messages in Google seek outcome when typewrite specific things corresponding "the1975..com" or "Vizela viagens." It's non love at this point if on that point is a security measures risk underlying in this glitch. It's to a greater extent potential that this is axerophthol badger tied to Google Assistant's power to read textual matter messages aloud. If you're still concerned about device security you put up disenable Google's SMS permit in the Android circumstance app. Learn around the in style exploit and bugs by subscribing to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. subscribe Also see