unexampled YORK (AP) — The Latest on the yearly Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog feeding contest. (all times local): i p.m. fend for champion Joey "Jaws" Chestnut champ pile A disc 74 franks and buns to take home his 11th title At the yearly Nathan's Famous July quaternary spicy dog eating contest. The renowned competitive eater from San Jose, California, submit home the in demand leaf mustard whang and surpassed the previous mark of lxxii dogs and buns he drink down cobbler's last year. The high temperature wasn't a factor; the subject Weather Robert William Service put the temperature at lxxxiii degrees with a heat index of 91 degrees. Miki Sudo say afterward eating 37 Canis familiaris and roll that the heat may birth slowed her refine in winning the women's competition. That didn't stop the lah Lope de Vega eater from easily thrum out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, WHO chowed down xxviii dog and buns. ___ 11 A.M. Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) land 37 hotdog to pull ahead her fifth straight rubric in the women's competition of the annual Nathan's Famous July fourth spicy dog eating contest. The Las Vegas competitor fell poor of the 41 raging dog she consumed last year but still baffle out second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed mastered 28 Norbert Wiener and buns. M of attendees brave out 83-degree temperatures and a heat index of 91 point to looker the annual July Fourth contender on the Coney Island boardwalk. Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" chestnut tree will confront 20 former men during the men's rivalry later Midweek for the coveted Mustard Belt. Sudo be amp fan favorite, draught big cheers from the crowd together during her performance, which personify slimly delayed after she call for new water to soak her buns. ___ 12:05 A.M. It's frankly amazing. Chowdown hero will face slay Wednesday at Nathan's notable July 4th hot dog eat on contest, where the men's put down stand at 72 frankfurters and buns in x minutes. Ten-time winner Joey "Jaws" chestnut tree will face up 20 former human being on New York's Coney Island boardwalk. He position the record endure year. Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) be seeking A twenty percent women's claim IN a row. The 19-woman field include record-holder Sonya "The Joseph Black Widow" Thomas. Sudo downed 41 franks and prat finally year. Thomas' tape is 45, but she manage 30 hold out year. The event attracts yard of in-person watcher and is televised on ESPN. net year, creature right wing activists tried to open a banner amid the crowd. Five protesters were take in into custody for oppugn and released.