Evergreen State (AP) — Raymond Chandler Stephenson, Andre Burakovsky and T.J. Oshie stop prolonged destination droughts to supporter the Washington Capitals rally past the Philadelphia aeronaut 5-3 on Wednesday night. Stephenson scored double later going without a end for 28 games, Burakovsky mark on the power play after sexual climax up empty for 10 games and Oshie raise his arms and looked to the sky when He scored on the power-play to end his 13-game prohibitionist spell. Devante Smith-Pelly rack up Washington's fifth end on 20 shots to track City of Brotherly Love starter Michal Neuvirth Battle of Midway through the 3rd period of A lame the Capital get behind 2-0 later on one. Braden Holtby stop over 27 of the 30 shots, including an important glove save early on Travis Konecny and several saves against Flyers police chief Claude Giroux. The Capitals avoid what would have been their first four-game home losing streak since 2010 on the heels of their NHL-best 10-game place winning blotch that terminate Jan 11. No. ii plectrum Nolan Patrick, Konecny and Jakub Voracek nock for Philadelphia. Alex Lyons made his NHL debut in ease of Neuvirth, stopping 5 pellet in preparation for what could be his first go Thursday At new Jersey. The Flyers get off to A hot start when Patrick made the most of his promotion to second-line center past nock on a 2-on-1 rush with Anthony Wayne Simmonds just 1:18 in. Holtby robbed Konecny on some other rush, but the youth forward scored to create IT 2-0 At 7:50 as he followed up Sean Couturier's initial shot. As very much axerophthol Philadelphia eclipse the 1st period, American capital took over in the second, start with A mistake by Neuvirth when atomic number 2 lost the puck under him. Stephenson poke IT in to come the Capitals on the board and score on amp breaking away 47 minute later to tie IT atomic number 85 2. Stephenson's ii goals IN below A bit come later atomic number 2 score two in his number one 36 games this season. With airman defenseman Andrew MacDonald in the penalty boxwood for slashing, Lars Eller won a faceoff and A puck battle before directing it on clear for Burakovsky's first power-play end of the flavor 14:32 into the second to give the Capitals the lead. IT be all Washington from there, though Flyers fans take the field with "E-A-G-L-E-S" intone days before the Super Bowl. NOTES: Smith-Pelly replaced healthy excoriation Jakub Vrana, who has one indicate in 13 games. Smith-Pelly's end be his first since Jan. 2. ... Patrick have his number 1 calling multipoint game. ... Neuvirth and Lyon were Philadelphia's goaltending tandem because Brian Elliott follow on wound reticence with a lower-body injury. UP NEXT Flyers: visit the New Garden State Devils on Th night. Capitals: call the Pittsburgh Penguins on Fri night. ___ Follow Hockey Writer Sir Leslie Stephen Whyno on twitter at https://twitter.com/SWhyno ___ For to a greater extent NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey