Irving Berlin (AP) — AN activist group on Tuesday published a database of info on suspected chemical attacks in Syrian Arab Republic , adding to A develop collection of videos and images documenting supposed war crimes during the seven-year conflict. The Syrian Archive, which do work with human rights grouping such a Amnesty International, say IT has verify 861 video cover close to 212 onslaught — most of them conceive to have been carry out past governance forces. The stuff comes from 193 source and much of it be uploaded to social medium by ordinary Syrians, the group's co-founder, Hadi al-Khatib, told AN audience in Berlin. Al-Khatib, WHO have lived in Germany since 2014, said the group wants to preserves sensitive material from disappearing , thence that IT power eventually follow used to bring those responsible for state of war crimes to trial. simply the team, which is spread across European Community and the Middle East, also need to "add value" to the raw material, such every bit past determining the location where group A video was make and, most importantly, corroborative that IT shows what is claimed. The Syrian Archive get together with the open source journalism site Bellingcat that have get to A call for itself forensically examining footage from warfare zones. piece most of the chemic attacks documented by the grouping are so-called to have got been carried out by forces loyal to President Bashar Assad, including to the highest degree recently in the town of Douma near Damascus, amp fistful have be attribute to rebel force and the Islamic province ultra group, say Abdulrahman al-Jaloud, one of the Syrian Archive's researchers. Al-Khatib said he and fellow activist try not to get put off away the fact that exploit to land those responsible for warfare offence inward Syria to trial run have so far been unsuccessful. "That doesn't mean we should stop," he said. "We are looking forward to the day when we tin use this material, because the reconstruction of Syrian Arab Republic must include acknowledging, inquire and prosecuting crimes."