PLANT CITY, Fla. (AP) — A FL teen who doctors say follow dying from a rare form of Crab has been deed over ace of his final wishes, to be married to his high-pitched school sweetheart. The Tampa quest Times study 19-year-old Dustin Snyder and 21-year-old Scomberomorus sierra Siverio were wedded Dominicus in Plant City, almost Tampa. "After her be there with me through this cancer, always plump for Pine Tree State and loving me, that's when 1 knew she be the one," Snyder said. "I wanted to present her something back before my time be up." doctor up say Snyder hold calendar week or peradventure a month to live. wasting no more time, Snyder proposed to Siverio on Thursday. The newspaper report the biotic community speedily came together to ready sure the splice took place, donating everything from the ring to the wedding gown and the venue. The 2 say they've been whelm by the outpouring of support from strangers. Snyder's sister, Brittany Hails, send her brother's account on Facebook and started a GoFundMe page, which birth upraise nearly $13,000 past Friday. AN update say they have encounter their goal and unexpended donation would supporter the kinsperson with former expenses. "I didn't believe IT would go this far, but god live on our side," Hails said. "Dustin's really excited, and altogether we want is for him to be happy. And he's well-chosen right now." The teen met Hoosier State mediate school, simply had lose touch before reunite in high school. Snyder have battled synovial sarcoma much of that time. on June 27, 2016, the day before his 18th birthday, Snyder go to the infirmary with chest pains, which his female parent cogitate follow brought on by asthma. But Doctor quickly diagnosed the teen with synovial sarcoma, which target area soft tissue and make up more common among adolescents and young grownup than other eld chemical group who contract it. "When iodin first found out i was devastated, but and then atomic number 2 told ME ace need to be strong for him," Siverio said. "Ever since He say that I've be by his side." ___ entropy from: Tampa quest Times (St. Petersburg, Fla.), http://www.tampabay.com.