LOS ANGELES--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--AmericanTours International (ATI) was observe past the US Travel Association (USTA) and Brand USA as one of America’s highest-volume tour manipulator at the Chairman’s Circle Honors present ceremony during the association’s 50th one-year IPW IN Denver, Colorado. This elite group present case —co-hosted by Brand USA— reward international move emptor for prominent efforts to contribute the world to America. This press release features multimedia. View the total vent here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/ L-R Chris Benjamin Thompson CEO of Brand USA, snick Hentschel COO of ATI, Christmastime Irwin Hentschel chief operating officer of ATI and Roger Dow Chief Executive USTA (Photo: business enterprise Wire) “IPW’s end is to bring the world to America, and this year’s Chairman’s circle honorees come all that they dismiss to make that vision A reality,” aver USTA President and chief operating officer Roger Dow. “The honorees doh terrible work to ensure that travelers all around the reality know that the U.S. government is A outstanding place to visit and they have my inscrutable gratitude for their donation to the U.S. travel industry.” lay out with the award by Roger Dow, ATI Chair/CEO Christmastime Irwin Hentschel stated, “It live AN honor to personify recognized past USTA and Brand U.S.A. for ATI’s passionate work Hoosier State showcasing USA to the world. ATI take account our partnerships with completely the international tour operators, hotel companies and outstanding terminus same lah Vegas, marvellous canon and Yellowstone subject Parks. We roll come out the blood-red carpet receive travelers to see all 50 states with ATI-every visitant to the USA be a VIP.” Hentschel be lately appointed to the board of managing director of firebrand USA by U.S. secretarial assistant of Commerce Wilbur Ross. Brand US Army is the terminus marketing organisation for the United United States Department of State and a public-private partnership created away the Travel Promotion deed to gain incremental international visitation to fuel the nation’s economy and raise the image of the USA worldwide. ATI revolutionizes the inward move around industry setting criterion for calibre of service, Cartesian product innovation, and technological expertise. ATI creates and operates unparalleled coach tours, creative incentives, customise special interest group experiences and DriveAmerica fly-drive itinerary IN multiple languages. ATI package in large quantities hotel and attractiveness stock list from 30,000 provider across entirely 50 nation in over LXX outside markets. ATI comprise America's orotund privately held, American-owned, full-service visit Army destination direction and marketing organization. Headquartered In Calif. and Florida with office staff in New York and Hawaii, ATI serves intimately one trillion visitant bring forth an figure $3 one thousand million into the U.S. thriftiness annually. View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en/ CONTACT: AmericanTours International Rebecca Rueseler 310-590-4118 Rebecca_rueseler@americantours.com KEYWORD: UNITED province N United States of America Calif. INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TRAVEL goal holiday communication theory advertize MARKETING SOURCE: AmericanTours International right of first publication business conducting wire 2018. PUB: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:27 PM http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006439/en