A tenner ago, the storage Networking Industry tie-up (SNIA) conducted group A 250-person study to gather selective information about how companies might say data point from 2007 when the year 2107 arrives, only it's become soh obsolete that the words flash and cloud aren't even out found inward the 66-page concluding report (PDF). If atomic number 85 first you don't succeed, try again, SNIA officials determined. "It strike U quite a spell to set up the first survey together 10 twelvemonth ago. We get a spate of right information from it," say Lowell Thomas Rivera, chairman of the SNIA data protection committee. "We realized that A time go on there's live A lot of changing in the industry, not just Hoosier State storage itself simply also in type A caboodle of the technology and regularization regarding storage and archiving." SEE: cloud data point storage Policy (Tech Pro Research) SNIA feature many updates in the 2017 edition of IT survey—there ar 50 questions about byplay drivers, data sources, organization goals, policies, preservation, privacy, security, and storage. They hope to double the amount of responder and include archivists, put down managers, and technologists (the 2007 variant focussed on technology managers). Also, there's A strong emphasis on leaving the storage questions undefendable ended and non mentioning specific brands, so that a vendor cannot easily trucking rig results, Diego Rivera said. There are already storage company today that claim 100-year reliableness based on laboratory endurance tests, Rivera noted, though He acknowledged that such claims be inconceivable to unfeignedly try short of have A DeLorean equipped with a flux capacitor. SEE: The cloud v. data rivet decision, free PDF (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report) Some of the unique questions from the current survey are: What is your organisation doing to deal with sensitive migration and long term readability issues? (Migration mean periodically move info to new sensitive to assure readability. Readability touch on to both strong-arm and logical readability—is the information in A format that your application lav read and interpret?) Which applications produce info that is of high-pitched concern in maintain long terminal figure readability of information? (Readability implies the power to read the physical medium and to logically interpret and use the content in AN application program context.) arrange you audit/verify the wholeness of data stored away A manage service provider or cloud? Yes/No? How? make semipermanent file away necessitate the use of specialized security engineering and/or service that differ from normal storage infrastructure? If yes, what are they? SNIA hopes to publish result inwards the first half of 2018. Diego Rivera added that future tense survey may be level to a greater extent frequent than every X twelvemonth based on applied science changes. look forward, he observed, the side by side edition could include questions around DNA storage, persistent memory, and quantum computing. Keep up with news about data centers, enterprise storage, and networking—subscribe to our information nub veer newsletter. subscribe Also see