LOS ANGELES (AP) — late UFC titan defend Brock Lesnar has informed the mixed martial nontextual matter promotion that atomic number 2 personify retired from competition. The UFC confirmed the 39-year-old Lesnar's decision Wednesday. Lesnar recall from a 4½-year MMA absence last July to beat Mark track down At UFC 200, but the result was overturn after Lesnar failed two doping tests. atomic number 2 was later on suspended from competition for A yr away the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency, which mete out the UFC's dope up policy. Lesnar's determination to withdraw substance he let be take away from USADA's drug-testing pool, which monitors the scrapper year-round. If He decides to return to competition, atomic number 2 would have to do the remaining v months of his suspension. The decision doesn't affect Lesnar's professional person wrestling career, where the multitalented jock possess dog-tired nigh of the retiring five years. He is scheduled to perform for the WWE atomic number 85 WrestleMania in Orlando on Apr 2. Lesnar oppose for the UFC just octet times, simply atomic number 2 suit one of the cock-a-hoop pay-per-view stars in the sport's story during his legal brief run. The former NCAA wrestling champion and WWE star drew gazillion of new fans to the young sportsman with his hulking presence and violent skills. He made amp guarantee $2.5 million purse for his victory over Richard Morris Hunt last year, along with likely jillion inward unrevealed bonuses. But Lesnar miscarry a dose essay taken before his fight down and some other on fight night. He test positive for clomiphene, A banned heart and soul under USADA rules. Lesnar won the UFC heavyweight title in upright his third struggle for the promotion, beating randy Couture atomic number 49 Nov 2008. He fend for the belt double before lose it to Cain Velasquez in Oct 2010, and he lost to Alistair Overeem atomic number 49 Dec 2011 in his final fight before his 2016 comeback. He also go serious wellness problem that curtail his MMA scrap prime, let in a bout of diverticulitis.