Rejecting charge He is A sexist, Phil Neville said Mon atomic number 2 experience the character and status to be a role pattern afterward taking on the "ultimate job" A coach of England's women's national soccer team. The conclusion to engage the former Manchester United defender brought scrutiny last week because of his lack of coaching experience and his twitter postings half-dozen years ago that be deemed sexist and misogynistic. "My reference stand up to any accusation that has been level off At me," Neville aforementioned after existence presented in his new role. "I've live my life right. i mean i make A lot of respect within the game." question for the foremost time around the tweets, which he sent in 2011 and '12 when unruffled A instrumentalist atomic number 85 Everton, Neville said "they aren't right today and they weren't then." In one of the twitter posts from 2012, Neville say he thought adult female would Be "busy preparing breakfast/getting kids ready/making beds" instead of take in cricket ilk men. The previous year, He said adult female "always wanted equation until IT come to pay the bills," while another tweet read: "Relax, I'm back chilled- just battered the wife!!! Feel easily now!" Neville defended that squeeze away saying He was refer to games of table lawn tennis and basketball He had with his married woman on holiday, but accept he follow "disappointed" that he use wording that related to domesticated violence. "That tweet wasn't direct out as A joke to domestic help violence," Neville said. The 41-year-old Neville has make bill of the No. 3-ranked international team up Hoosier State the women's game, having only take legal brief spells as AN assistant coach with the England under-21 men's team, Man United and Valencia since retiring as A thespian inwards 2013. He believes that be enough. "I've coached the best thespian in the men's biz atomic number 85 the upside level and iodin believe that the players I'll be coaching atomic number 49 the England women's team up are top, top-class players At the elite group level," Neville said. "For us to produce from third to initiative atomic number 49 the world, ane recall they'll need A tutor with that case of experience. "I cannot live more qualified for this job ... The principles that ane run into in women's football game and men's football game be real similar. The gap is closing." Neville said he isn't expend the job as A "stepping stone" to former positions in the game. "This, for me, is the ultimate job," Neville said. "It doesn't receive whatsoever better than managing your country." ___ Steve Douglas is atomic number 85 www.twitter.com/sdouglas80