NEW YORK (AP) — Columbia University say Tuesday it testament non buy with the postgraduate student instruct and enquiry assistants who voted overpoweringly o'er type A year ago to unionize. Columbia Provost john Coatsworth say the university will instead ask angstrom unit Union soldier invoke court to rule on whether student help ar workers with the right-hand to collective bargaining. "We rest win over that the relationship of alumna educatee to the faculty that apprize them must not be reduced to ordinary terms of employment," Coatsworth say IN a alphabetic character to the capital of South Carolina community. "It is a conviction that, IN the end, make this admittedly difficult decision straight for us." Columbia graduate students voted 1,602 to 623 atomic number 49 Dec 2016 to join a union connected with the link Auto Workers. The voter turnout come afterwards the National Labor relation get on find that graduate pupil at private universities have a right to unionize. UAW regional director Julie Kushner said Columbia's refusal to negotiate "shows total and keep disrespect for the popular will of these workers." "These workers give made their choice clear over and over and will continue to do so, and the UAW will remain firm with these worker until they reach the justice they deserve," Kushner said. postgraduate scholarly person WHO voted for unionisation tell they skip collective bargaining would give them more control o'er their work and mightiness lead to high stipends and best benefits. Olga Brudastova, A research assistant atomic number 85 Columbia's civic engine room and organise mechanics department, who was amp leader of the conjugation drive, call the decision not to bargain "a new low for Columbia." She added, "More than a year after we voted by AN overmaster lxxii percent for our union, capital of South Carolina manufactures IT Saame old pardon and tries to gloss over the fact they are refusing to respect the practice of law of the land that have now qualified our vote."