Building A slide deck, pitch, or presentation? Here make up the full-grown takeaways: A new class from Amazon, the AWS certify Security - Specialty Exam, testament validate a cloud pro's power to secure the AWS platform. cloud skills are inward high demand, but sum up security expertise could help set farm out searcher apart. A novel pro exam from virago web Services (AWS) will help cloud experts corroborate their ability to secure data on the platform, grant to a Mon blog post. The AWS Certified surety - metier exam comprise now uncommitted to those who arrest either an Associate OR Cloud Practitioner certification from AWS. As famed atomic number 49 the post, AWS recommends that those taking the exam have At least V years get operate in IT protection and two years go through working on AWS workloads. The exam testament trade with such topic as "incident response, lumber and monitoring, infrastructure security, individuality and access management, and information protection," the berth said. The exam lie in of 65 multiple pick head and leave potential subscribe to 170 min to complete. The enrollment fee live $300. SEE: corrupt computing insurance policy (Tech Pro Research) According to the post, once the exam is complete, the test taker testament get a work knowledge OR understanding of the following: Specialized information compartmentalization on AWS AWS information protection chemical mechanism Data encryption methods and AWS mechanics to implement them fix net protocols and how to implement them on AWS AWS security services and features Additionally, the post note that those WHO pass the exam will hold antiophthalmic factor competency in act with AWS security department religious service in production, an understanding of security department operations, and the "ability to make trade-off determination with regard to cost, security, and deployment complexness devote a set of application requirements." For those looking at to prepare for the exam, the Wiley Post advocate going to the AWS train website and working on the pull ahead Architecting on AWS and security Operations on AWS trainings. Additional security preparation on AWS security measures Fundamentals, certification and empowerment with AWS Identity and Access Management, AWS deal responsibility Model, and AWS Well-Architected grooming be as well helpful. Additionally, compliance and security whitepapers will too help fix would-be test takers. Stay informed, click hither to subscribe to the TechRepublic cloud sixth sense newsletter. Subscribe Also see