Trump went on the counter-offensive A his disposal careen from the precipitous pink slip of Michael Flynn group A subject security advisor on Monday. The fresh House of York Times account late on Tuesday that ring call tape and tap calls show appendage of Trump's presidential push and other Trump associates had repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence agency functionary inward the year before the Nov. viii election. Trump dismissed the report, firing back inward a series of betimes morning tweets on Wednesday. "This Russian connector non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Edmund Hillary Clinton's turn a loss campaign," the Republican Chief Executive tweeted, summons his former Democratic rival in the 2016 presidential contest. inward some other tweet, ruff said: "Information be be illicitly given to the weakness @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence operation community of interests (NSA and FBI?).Just the like Russia," supply that the situation make up "very serious." "The real scandal Here is that classified info live illicitly render prohibited by "intelligence" like candy. Very un-American!" trump card wrote. He did not generate evidence to back his charge that intelligence service functionary were supplying info to the news show media. He did non say if he had grade any investigation into leaks. Reuters could not like a shot reassert the metre report, which the Kremlin pink-slipped on Wednesday. CNN as well reported that outflank consultant were in constant quantity tangency with Russian officials during the campaign. The Times, citing current and late U.S. officials, said the States law enforcement and intelligence agency intercepted the communication theory around the Lapplander time they discovered Russia live trying to disrupt the presidential election by hacking into the popular National Committee. The officials have seen no evidence of collusion between the trump out campaign and the Russians on the cut up or other crusade to act upon the election, the Times said, but they were noneffervescent alarmed past the intercepted communications. Flynn comprise draw taboo concluded conversations he had with the Russian embassador before Trump take office on Jan. 20, and his misrepresentations to Vice prexy mike cent over what he get discussed. The Times sound out the intercepted calls In its written report were dissimilar from the wiretapped conversations 'tween Flynn and the ambassador, Sergei Kislyak. U.S. lawmakers, including roughly leading Republicans, called on Tuesday for a deep inquiry into non just Flynn's action mechanism but broad White House bind to Russia. Trump has long say that He would like improve coition with Russian President Vladimir Putin. Flynn's conversations with the Russian embassador took place around the time that then-President Barack Obama bring down unexampled sanctions on Russia on Dec. 29, charge that Moscow get used cyber attacks to try to influence the presidential election In Trump's favor. group A U.S. official familiar with the transcripts of the calls with the embassador enjoin Flynn suggest that if Russia make not retaliate, that could smoothen the way toward A broader treatment of improving U.S.-Russian coition once ruff look at power. This was potentially illegal under type A practice of law stop unauthorized private citizens from interfering IN dispute the link States have with other countries.