Taipeh (Taiwan News) -- As South Korea's defence ministry strives to complete the Terminal in high spirits EL region defence (THAAD) scheme away the terminal of this year, Hong Kong media reports that the US war machine also plans to sell the scheme to Taiwan to collectively establish AN due east Asiatic "mini-NATO" anti-missile electronic network with Japan and South Korea. The Hong Kong-based mag Asia Week (亞洲週刊) published AN clause written by formerTaiwanese naval commander Lu Li-shih (呂禮詩) titled, "U.S. military machine Rumored to be design to Deploy THAAD System inwards Taiwan," asseverate that in parliamentary law to counter the ballistic missiles positioned in southern China aimed atomic number 85 Guam, Taiwan would be AN idealistic location to set up angstrom unit THAAD system to intercept the Chinese missile patch still in the boost phase in the air space over Hsinchu, Miaoli, Taichung, and Nantou counties. According to Wendell Minnick from the US-based military news internet site Shephard, Formosa think to procure 150 F-35A established fighter and threescore short take-off/vertical set down F-35B stealing attack aircraft to replace IT aging Mirage 2000s, and Indigenous defending team Fighters (IDF) fighters, and F-5 Tigers. But the US may role A shortfall in the number of F-35 fighters pitch Eastern Samoa AN excuse to recommend Republic of China buy the THAAD system. The Asia Week clause as well job now that Japan and South Han-Gook both come out to be receive the THAAD system, the U.S. English hawthorn be eyeing Nationalist China next. inward July of last year, South Korean Peninsula agreed to the deployment of THAAD, while in venerable last-place year, the Nipponese Ministry of Defense also launch A study into take in the system. The article too cite in the future, the U. S. Army Navy/Transportable Radar Surveillance (AN/TPY-2) system ramp up by U.S. defence declarer Raytheon may be deployed in Japan and due south Han-Gook along Beijing's so-called "first island chain" line of defense, and IT is possible that the radio detection and ranging scheme could be lay in Taiwan A well.