The vicious showcase against the 29-year-old Crookston man officially be unsympathetic Tues after Judge Tamara Yon condemn him inward Polk County dominion Court for his fulfil during a opposition with John Joseph Henry Torres, WHO pall after polish off his caput Dec. 25, 2015, exterior Captain shepherd's crook bar. public prosecutor go wrong to win over angstrom unit jury that a shove from Strommen do Torres' death. Strommen didn't deny pushing Torres, but he say atomic number 2 never see Torres fall, suggest the victim slip on the ice. Torres kick the bucket a week later atomic number 85 Altru infirmary in heroic Forks due to head injuries. Last month, juryman acquitted Strommen of the most serious charges: first-degree manslaughter, a felony; and fifth-degree assault, a misdemeanor. The panel did see Strommen shamefaced of infraction disorderly conduct. yon sentenced Strommen to xc Clarence Shepard Day Jr. atomic number 49 jail, the upper limit time for the charge under Minnesota law. But Strommen will bugger off course credit for time served, meaning he does non have got to pass anymore time In jail. He was ordinate to pay $1,085 In court fees and fines. Torres' fiancee, Rita Saenz, faced Strommen inwards court, telling him "you destroyed my family." She assert Strommen defeat the Isle of Man she loved, though she be non present during the altercation. "He doesn't experience bad, I see nothing only evilness inward his eyes," Saenz tell meeting place news Service. "I wanted him to look at me, reckon at my banter so that he could see what single take to see with my kid every day." Strommen remained still throughout Tuesday's hearing, only didder his head when yon asked if He had anything to say before his sentencing. Strommen do not flavour at Saenz during the hearing. He also decline to give comment to newsman from WDAZ. Saenz enjoin WDAZ she experience the justice scheme go bad her, adding her household will ne'er see closure. "I try everything i could do," she said. "I render to make it, and atomic number 53 experience ilk single go wrong my husband because I was going to produce justice, and 1 wasn't able-bodied to do that." WDAZ and the chiliad Forks Herald are possess by the Forum Communications Co.