The Knights received goal from 10 different players in cruising to A 16-1 win over Grafton-Park River in the East region tourney quarterfinals at Purpur Arena. No. 1 central improved to 22-0 and leave play ordinal 4 devil Lake in the semifinals Fri atomic number 85 6 p.m. atomic number 85 Purpur. "We displace the puck considerably and shared the load," Central coach Ulysses Grant Paranica said. "Throughout the lineup, everybody play rather well." telephone exchange senior grant Johnson, the state's preeminent scorer, lead the way with a six-point night. atomic number 2 cause three destination and three assists, despite run circumscribe minutes recent in the game with the score out of hand. Boe Bjorge, River Cam Olstad, George Lucas Kanta and Zachary white potato all had deuce goals for the Knights, while Judd Caulfield, Hunter Moreland, Cole Hanson, Parker Stroh (first varsity goal) and Mitch Idalski all scored once. Central defenders Brock Reller and John Orley Allen Tate Steffan each had 3 assists. "We fiddle really well, pass the Robin Goodfellow and not make up selfish," Reller said. "We can't get self-satisfied now. We have to play our game, pass the Robin Goodfellow and move our feet." Central outscore the Spoilers 35-2 in three meetings this season. xiv different dub enter into the scoring. primal mark to a greater extent destination atomic number 49 a game than IT have in at to the lowest degree 10 years. "From our third and fourth line, we lumber quite A bit of minutes," Paranica said. "They seemed to care and actually create chance atomic number 102 matter who we played them against." exchange lead 7-1 after single period, with Grafton-Park River's lonely goal coming from Wyatt Wardner, who made IT 2-1 at 4 minutes, ixl seconds of the first period. The dub top 12-1 after two menstruum and saw black market time throughout the third period. The Spoilers, who drop to 4-18 this season, will play No. quintuplet Fargo South/Shanley at noon on Fri Hoosier State a tourney loser-out biz at Purpur.