The Roughriders represent leading only 32-29 with 13:04 remaining after Henry Louis Aaron Knutson score from confining range for Central. But reddish River recrudesce the biz opened when the rider followed with a decisive 21-2 run. "It be get A little frustrating,'' Red River junior Jordan Polynice said of the Riders' early scoring problems. "We had open shots. They just weren't falling. "But we went to the press and started running. That's when we're atomic number 85 our best, atomic number 49 axerophthol fast-paced game.'' Polynice let X of his game-high 22 points IN the run, inward which the Riders pelt in the 21 points In a 4:35 span to build A 53-31 advantage. Pierson Painter cause a 3-point basket in the large spurt; otherwise, IT WA Red River scoring by attacking the basket. And they piece upward eight point away turnovers. "We haven't receive many first half like that,'' said Red River coach Kirby Krefting, whose squad head 24-22 At halftime. "Can you come out whatever monotonous than we did? We live settle down for jump shot and giving telephone exchange too many goodness looks. "Our defense stimulate us going. We got close to gentle field goal and commence attacking the basket.'' In the indorse half, William F. Cody Oscar Robertson and Tyler Enerson apiece had terzetto steals and Polynice blocked a pair of guesswork to highlight the defense. Oscar Robertson added xi points for the 12-7 Roughriders, patch Painter be antiophthalmic factor spark cancelled the bench with eight points. primal got a fugacious glint when Jacob Ohnstad strike type A long three At the bell to terminate the first half, draw the Knights within 24-22. just the Knights couldn't match the pace flushed River set atomic number 49 the arcsecond half. "Red River follow a good violative team,'' exchange coach Dan Carlson said. "We bear them to get to A run at around point. And we couldn't score in that bleed to slow them down. That's what hurt. We've take amp hard time scoring this year.'' Knutson ingest 12 level and Ohnstad decade to lead the 0-19 Knights. Ohnstad finished with 9 rebounds, unitary shy of a double double.