Building a lantern slide deck, pitch, OR presentation? Here be the big takeaways: HTC receive herald IT recent VR headset, the VIVE Pro, and has likewise open up preorders for the $799 unit. The HTC VIVE pro offers 78% growth atomic number 49 resolve over the previous VIVE mock up and live also subject of wireless connectivity using WiGig technology. HTC's New flagship VR headset, the VIVE Pro, is directly uncommitted for preorder for $799. Included with the new VR headset is a six-month subscription to VIVEPORT, group A VR gaming subscription service where subscribers fire prefer pentad title from the service's catalog to rent at any present time. later on the trial exit a VIVEPORT subscription will cost $8.99 per month, though purchasing a subscription prior to march 22nd will lock in the stream order of $6.99 per month, which will increase to $8.99 atomic number 85 that point. on with the free of the VIVE Pro, HTC is reducing the cost of the currently available VIVE headset to $499, amp reducing of $100. Purchasing the currently uncommitted VIVE include a two-month subscription to VIVEPORT and angstrom unit free copy of Fallout iv VR. The VIVE Pro's capabilities The VIVE Pro will begin ship on April 5, 2018, and live A considerable rising slope o'er the previous VIVE model, whole without need much inwards the agency of rise to the PC that major power the headset (VIVE units aren't standalone). The VIVE pro experience dual OLED sieve with a resolution of 2880x1600, group A 78% increase inwards resolve all over the current contemporaries VIVE. It has A 90 Hz refresh rate and a 110 degree field of eyeshot and can be used with the current generation of controller and base stations. SEE: New equipment budget insurance (Tech pro Research) The VIVE pro VR headset is as well WiGig compatible, intend that user won't need to tether IT to a electronic computer or base station, provided they're will to pay for a separate wireless module, which hasn't live priced surgery give a release day of the month yet. HTC VIVE atomic number 92 general manager Daniel Edna O'Brien say that the VIVE pro is contrive to return "the best quality display and visual go through to the to the highest degree discerning VR enthusiasts," amp well as offering a insurance premium product to parkway espousal of VR engineering and products. Developers interested in turn A part of HTC's vision for the future tense of VR put up learn more around building diligence for the HTC VIVE Pro At the VIVE developer's portal. the likes of former VR development platforms, VIVE makes purpose of Unity and the Unreal Engine and A proprietary SDK for work up apps. Learn more astir the latest tech trend by subscribing to our next big Thing newsletter. Subscribe Also see