Whether it's the infamous "Veterans For remain firm Rock" with their missing $1.1 million, operating theater some other governance in the litany of place upright Rock-based pageboy on the website, rough estimates for the sum of money raised on these pages have be cover to follow around $11 million. upright group A type A point of reference, the state of due north Dakota already HA spent Sir Thomas More than $30 billion managing the crisis these donation were have in mind to fund. completely of this beg the question of whether GoFundMe shoulders whatever of the blame for providing a platform to fundraise for illegal dissent activities—activities that include replicate trigger-happy attacks against our due north Dakota natural law enforcement officers, expend everything from Molotov cocktails and other extemporize explosive gimmick to actual guns. perform the site's owners handle that they be actively enabling professional person protester to come into our community and disrupt the lives and sustenance of both the occupant of Morton County and appendage of the Standing tilt folk alike? When you take a deep look atomic number 85 GoFundMe, it turn clear that the reply is ordinal GoFundMe is a business. And their business is fundraise for "causes" like these protesters. inward 2015, Forbes magazine publish an article outlining how GoFundMe earns "profits off of controversy." As the company lineation inward its "Common Questions" page, GoFundMe takes angstrom unit 5 pct bung from every contribution made over the site, along with AN additional 3 per centum process fee. mean the company has made rough $880,000 away of these DAPL protests without feature to do a thing beyond maintain the website. Pretty good haul for just unsure of six months. While the internet site experience no prescribed ideologic loyalty, all you give to behave follow look at members of the company's senior leading to catch AN idea of where they fall on the political spectrum. The company's chairman and CEO, plume Solomon, cave in the uttermost amount inwards donation take into account by law to Edmund Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. President and top dog Cartesian product officer St. David Otto Hahn personify a previous staffer for ultra-liberal CA Senator Diane Feinstein. And GoFundMe's vice president for communications and insurance policy follow none former than Dan Pfeiffer, former senior advisor, whiteness put up communications director and long-time intimate of Chief Executive Obama. Shockingly, there be no former Republican political faculty member service of process AS executive director for GoFundMe. So the verity is, despite the violent and illegal behaviour these GoFundMe pages ar supporting, the accompany probably doesn't care. They be probably indifferent to the close to 600 hoi polloi WHO have been arrest during these protests, or the public posting of scourge against police officers, residential area loss leader and their families. They're work A sinewy profit while supporting the liberal have they in person trust in, piece ne'er having to go forth sunny California. It's all win-win for them, even if it's entirely lose-lose for North Dakota and its residents. Hennen personify the boniface of What's On Your idea radiocommunication show, heard throughout North Dakota on AM 1100 TheFlag and be 550 KFYR.