The letter, dated Mon and addressed to a Andrew D. White House ethics official, expect President Donald Trump's brass to inquire the incident and gave it II week to allow IT finding and detail whatever disciplinal steps taken. Conway, Trump's presidential campaign managing director and now A senior counselor, said on Fox tidings last calendar week that American should "go grease one's palms Ivanka's stuff." She spoke after retail merchant Nordstrom announced IT was throw away the branded line of Ivanka Trump, the president's honest-to-goodness daughter. Union soldier moral philosophy ruler prohibit executive branch employees from expend their position to plump for products. "There follow strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway have violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinal execute is warranted," power of Government moral philosophy Director Bruno Walter Shaub compose in the letter. Stefan Passantino, the White House ethics official call IN the letter, declined to comment. A White House spokesman did non reply to a request for comment. The ethical code business office give little enforcement power. It can formally recommend disciplinal action if the White House do not act, Shaub said in type A secern varsity letter to two U.S. lawmaker who attempt A review of Conway's remarks. follow video from Feb. x That recommendation would not be binding, and the work on would takings until late April OR early May, Shaub said. If the moral philosophy office coiffure officially urge discipline, it would be up to the White household to determine any step against Conway. Jessye Norman Eisen, who be moral principle chief under chairperson Barack Obama, say U.S. Congress also could call in hearings or subpoena documents if the ovalbumin House make not act. Trump himself earlier attacked Nordstrom for dropping his daughter's brand. The value orientation formula that bar endorsements do not apply to the president, though critics say his comments personify inappropriate. Nordstrom said it made the decision because sales agreement ingest steady declined, especially Hoosier State the last half of 2016, to where carrying the line "didn't make well business sense." In his missive to the White House, Shaub write that his office's regulatory guideline include AN example violation in which a hypothetical presidential appointee advance A ware in a television commercial. He aforementioned Conway's remarks intimately mirrored that example of what non to do. E. B. White domiciliate spokesman Sean spic-and-span say on Thursday that Conway had be "counseled," but Shaub wrote that the Office of Government morality had non been informed of whatsoever corrective steps.