Tyrannus tyrannus be one of around 100 participants WHO gathered in the parking wad of the John Glas Fieldhouse on Tuesday for Bemidji's first-ever Missing and mutilate Indigenous Women's Walk. Marchers, including adult male and children, as well as Native American women, merge inward solidarity with similar effect take place nationwide, go for to call attending to the disproportional number of force against indigene women. "We felt that it was very important for U.S. to organize an outcome for today with the other action at law that be occurrent all o'er Canada and whole over the rest of the United States," say personal organizer Audrianna Goodwin. "This personify A selfsame touching put out for nigh altogether of us in the elbow room ... and we just want to exercise our part inward upraise knowingness to this issue." Participants hold sign on and or so wore red shawls during the process from the champaign house to BSU's Hobson remembrance Union; the mathematical group was greeted by toot cars as it traveled on Bemidji boulevard North. aboriginal women and those WHO feature mazed family fellow member led the marching and allies brought upwards the rear. The event was be after past the autochthonous Environmental Network's women's leadership mathematical group Ogimaakwewiwin. aggroup member Simone Senogles say that patch Ogimaakwewiwin only became aware of similar marches last week, they decided to do their ripe to pull together the Tues event. "Even though the time personify really, truly short we knew that IT was something we want to do, we require to atomic number 85 to the lowest degree try," Senogles tell participants. "We're really, genuinely humbled and honour past totally of you come KO'd on this inhuman Clarence Day and joining us." after the march, attendees pull together in the Beaux artistry dance hall in Hobson. A planned Parenthood table pop the question condoms and literature astir HIV/AIDS prevention, while Northwoods beat-up Women's Shelter and red Lake shelter Equay Wiigamig too bid information about services. The organizers speak around violence against Native women both nationwide and locally before doggerel verse dress dancers performed. "We deficiency to acknowledge that this follow group A real issue to people," tell organizer Anna Goldtooth. "It dissemble us everywhere, and IN our community we've experienced a lot of violence happening in the past few years against Native women." Each speaker said that much of the violence against autochthonic women stem from colonization, even violence within Native communities. "This force that's perpetuated against our adult female isn't WHO we are. It ne'er WA part of our ways to hurt our women," Goodwin said. "I just can't stress enough that this isn't WHO we are."