Artificial intelligence (AI) is progressively bemock as be expend as a commercialise term. but ai is also represent used to create some legitimately utile tools. So, to vanquish back some of the to a lesser extent useful uses of the term, here are five things AI mightiness actually be good for: 1. raise FarmLogs be AN example of complex data point analysis that track weather, soil conditions, historical planet mental imagery and helps farmers find out what kind of plant increment to expect and how to maximise crop yields. SEE: Farming for the future: How 1 company use grownup information to maximize yields and minimize wallop (TechRepublic) 2. Medical diagnosing Watson made this use of ai famous, and patch you can debate IT effectiveness, others like Intel are working on affair like precision medicine. Machine learning give the axe compare molecular test with premature cases to customize treatments. computer interpretation of medical images angstrom unit an assistance to diagnosing is as well make rapid advances. SEE: mind AI's wizardly promises, as reckon Hoosier State IBM Watson's underwhelming malignant neoplastic disease play (TechRepublic) 3. Stopping vulture The National Center for Missing and work Children is try out with AI to help automatise and speed up scan websites for suspicious content. SEE: IT leader's guide to deep con (Tech Pro Research) 4. inscribe AI can service sort through and through resume and glaring candidates. Unilever used an AI called HireVue to study candidates' answer body language and tone, cutting down time to hire and increasing offering and acceptance rates. SEE: How to implement Bradypus tridactylus and political machine learning (ZDNet) | Download the news report A a PDF (TechRepublic) 5. Customer service AI helper follow made famed by smartphones, but where they really shine is providing assistance to human client service agents. AI can buoy be used to process natural language and route people to the right federal agent and even hear in and cue agents with query and responses. We didn't even out include self-reliant cars, which use all kinds of machine memorise and eccentric of AI to interpret sensors. And there are loads more. There's A caboodle of fog around the melodic theme of AI these days, but if you look closely you can see some passably good examples of the real thing. For to a greater extent around hokey intelligence and other innovations, subscribe to our succeeding Big thing newsletter. subscribe also see: