A blanched nationalist rally contrive on TX A&M University's campus has been canceled, plain stunned of touch on for student safety, functionary confirmed Monday. The school day ca-ca the decision afterward look up law enforcement and "considerable study" because of "concerns around the safety of IT students, faculty, stave and the public." "Texas A&M's support of the number 1 Amendment and the freedom of speech cannot represent questioned," the university said IN a statement Mon afternoon. "However, in this case consideration and selective information interrelate to the event have change and the peril of threat to life and safety compel u to cancel the event." later on the result be proclaimed o'er the weekend, university and state leader verbalised substantial objections, but legal experts and one A&M system trustee have fretted that first-class honours degree Amendment protection made that impossible. reach out by phone while grass At Walmart on Monday afternoon, Wiginton said He hold not heard the news. atomic number 2 said he let signed up to protest At a “free words area” on campus on Sept. 11, but take in not get a line from anyone At the school since he announced. His response: “I infer my attorney will at present be suing the State of Texas.” The intelligence was first denote on the floor of the Lone-Star State House. The lawmaker who made the declaration be Rep. John the Divine Raney, R-College Station, whose territorial dominion include A&M. He said that A&M organisation Chancellor John piercing have canceled the event to protect educatee safety. Raney aforementioned the case was axed "because of occupy with hatred subject matter that have been on Facebook, and the great unwashed who’ve said they live coming and they live bringing their weapons." He supply the topical anesthetic police section aver they "can't palm that." Earlier in the afternoon, lawmakers had urged university executive – and Sharp, in particular – to prevent the event from happening. Gov. Greg Abbott be also mired atomic number 49 the discussion, an Abbott spokesman said. “The Governor’s office has been working with Lone-Star State A&M University to prevent the case of hate-filled event that we consider inwards Charlottesville. regulator Abbott’s spinning top goal be to control the safety and security of Texans and Texas A&M students,” said the spokesman, John Lackland Wittman. Patrick Svitek and Morgan Smith chip in to this report.