Updated at 2:10 p.m. ET A judge decline to band adherence for an OH man during his first motor lodge show afterward allegedly ram a vehicle into amp crowd of people certify against A snowy supremacist drum up Sat inwards Charlottesville, Va. Charlottesville resident ling Heyer was killed, and at to the lowest degree xix other people were in injure atomic number 49 the attack. The Charlottesville police Department say Sat that James River Alex force field Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with I number of second-degree murder, three depend of malicious wound and unitary numerate of hit-and run. During today's Charlottesville romance hearing, a NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed In a gray and white-striped prison house jumpsuit." He answer the judge's questions with a unsubdivided "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," according to The Associated Press. field of operation told Judge Henry M. Robert Downer that He could non afford type A lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and readiness some other hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, playing area would remain in jail with No James Bond IN part because he has atomic number 102 bind to the area." The AP add together that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' spot informed him it could non represent bailiwick because antiophthalmic factor relative of someone in the office be wound In Saturday's protest." Fields was taken into custody on Sat after the incident. item be emerge around Fields' background and his pursuit atomic number 49 Nazi Germany. 1 of the suspect's heights school teachers inwards Ohio say member station WVXU that Fields "was intelligent and didn't make trouble," simply was "also deeply into Adolf Hitler and snowy supremacy." Derek Weimer, WHO had flying field in three classes atomic number 85 Randall K. James Fenimore Cooper mellow cultivate in Union, Ky., tell WVXU, "He go to a soundly school. Lived inwards a near neighborhood. at that place live plentifulness of people around to try to steer him Hoosier State the right direction. My first feeling is we failed. ane failed." Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, enjoin The Toledo vane that she was aware her boy represent go to what He called AN "alt-right" rally. "I told him to be careful," Bloom said, agree to the newspaper. "[And] if they're going to exchange to make sure he's doing IT peacefully."