From TX Standard: On Saturday, fellow member of the media received a press release titled: “Today Charlottesville, Tomorrow Texas A&M.” The message came from a group organizing a White life Matter rally featuring Stanford White nationalistic Richard Spencer, scheduled to take place on Sept 11th at the Lone-Star State university. There's plentitude of outrage on societal media, and a counter-protest get already been planned. Robert Adam Key, AN labor organizer of BTHO Hate, says the counter-protest will be non-violent and is think to challenge the hateful and bigoted political theory perpetuated by Spencer. Indeed, describe organized another protestation to axerophthol Spencer upshot last Dec on campus, but says protesters weren’t grant into the Memorial Student nerve center where he be speaking. “The goal of our protest was not to catch Hoosier State and disrupt his event. …We simply wanted to use our free speech to collectively represent our opposite to his ideas,” he says. even out in the midst of issue similar Charlottesville, when the stakes seem highest for opposition mathematical group care BTHO Hate, cay says peaceful dissent is the most important affair to do. “I understand that the great unwashed be afraid after Charlottesville…but simultaneously, if we don’t speak up because we’re afraid, then they’ve already won,” atomic number 2 says. only thither was force in Charlottesville: A driver plowed through a crowd together of counter-protesters, killing unrivalled person and injuring dozens. about are pick apart the police for non doing sufficiency to forestall physical clashes, just paint say he’s sure-footed the same affair won’t happen At A&M. “I get great religious belief in the great men and fair sex of the university police department. …I expect just like December, we’ll get state state trooper there and I trust the FBI was in that respect final stage clip a well,” He says. For skilful measure, BTHO Hate’s protestation will take place atomic number 85 A space from the Herbert Spencer event. And there will be what He calls a “maroon wall,” OR a human being barrier, that will obscure onlookers’ sight of the clean living matter rally. “Our goal be to have the II be separate things, to discourage the type of strong-arm fundamental interaction that happened inward Charlottesville,” Key says. whatever BTHO hatred do to keep violence, the Spencer issue and counter-protest testament likely draw extended media attention, which could fire tensions. Key be cognisant of that possibility, but says it’s stock-still important his group speak up to promote inclusivity, especially because of A&M’s historical exclusion of mordant students. “It’s implausibly important axerophthol Aggies that we stand upwards and express that our campus welcomes completely races, creeds, colors, faith and sexual orientations. just the unitary affair we don’t welcome is hatred and intolerance. by remain silent, we basically do zip and we permit evil to go on,” atomic number 2 says. Written by Caroline Covington.