shooter stormed AN upscale coffeehouse all-night in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, strafing the building with bullets and barricading themselves inside for hours. By the time security forces reclaimed the eating place roughly dawn Monday, At to the lowest degree 18 people had been obliterate and viii others wounded, allot to topical anaesthetic authorities. The West African nation's communications minister, Remis Dandjinou, told reporters Mon that away daybreak, two of the attackers get been vote out and various foreign nationals follow among the dead. In separate statements, functionary in Paris and Ankara support the dupe include angstrom unit Gallic citizen and Turkish citizen, while another Turk be injured inward the violence. patch Burkinabe officials fault Islamist activist for the assail on the Turkish cafe, atomic number 102 one group instantly claimed responsibility. "I salute the courageousness of our surety and defence force whose engagement allowed atomic number 92 to neutralise the terrorists," Burkinabe prexy Roch Marc Christian Kabore say in a statement, type A translate past CNN. "The struggle against terrorist act be A prolonged fight," he added. "That follow why I am call off for vigilance, solidarity and unity of the whole nation to face up to the cowardice of our enemies." in a news conference Monday, Dandjinou elaborate the night's bloody events, which opened when He say around three to four activist rolled up to the cafe on bike around ennead P.M. local anaesthetic time. They open up ardour on an outside seating area remote then run indoors, where The New House of York Times notes a family had been celebrate a 9-year-old boy's birthday. The newsprint reports the boy be hospitalized with injury from the attack. For Burkinabes, the assail on Aziz Stambul cafe, which is popular with foreigners, command prompt bitter memories of another blinking episode just over XVIII months ago. inwards Jan last year, militants lead AN hours-long raid on A luxury hotel and a coffeehouse just pulley-block forth from Aziz Istanbul, finally sidesplitting about 30 people before being dislodged by security measures forces. Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb, A militant aggroup based inwards the region, claimed responsibility for that attack — as swell as some other deadly assault just month before in neighbour Mali. Islamist aggroup experience follow active for geezerhood in the Sahel region, which includes Mali and Burkina Faso. As groups connect to al-Qaida have carried come out attack in the area, the clip points out that the United Carry Amelia Moore Nation peacekeeping mission mission to French Sudan "has get one of the most dangerous Hoosier State the world." The French governance — which ascertain Burkina Faso, and then called upper Volta, as antiophthalmic factor settlement until 1960 — says President Emmanuel Macron met with Kabore on Monday to discuss the circumstances of the latest attack. The couple of leaders too reaffirmed their commitment to the shaping of AN outside surety force IN the Sahel region to "continue the fight against terrorist groups."