on Monday, Google announced new updates to its cloud Speech API that could help establish IT A more than effective tool for business users. According to A Google blog post, the API is get a New feature call word-level timestamps, on with support for 30 unexampled languages and iii hour files. For those unfamiliar, the Google Cloud talking to API use neuronal meshing mock up to tolerate developers to convert audio to text. It's powered by machine learning, and tin deliver its results in real-time. Word-level timestamps, the send said, Evergreen State the most requested feature for the API from developers. Essentially, this feature append group A timestamp for each Word of God it place atomic number 49 a given transcription. "Word-level timestamps let user climb up to the moment In the audio recording where the text live spoken, or display the relevant textual matter spell the audio be playing," the post said. SEE: How we learned to talk to computers, and how they learned to answer back (PDF download) I of the client cite in the post, Happy Scribe, usance the word-level timestamps to crushed the clip it accept for them to proof the transcription they offer their customers. Another firm, VoxImplant, enjoyment IT to best analyze enter phone conversations between 2 parties. antiophthalmic factor part of A broader declaration more or less Google's phonation input capabilities, the Cloud speech API testament like a shot offering backing for 30 additional languages, bringing the total number suffer up to 119. The language will first be offered to cloud Speech API customers, but will eventually atomic number 4 supported on other Google products, like Gboard, as well. Eastern Samoa noted by ZDnet's Stephanie Condon, the extended language support could help Google win over around client in emerge markets. The good list of speech that put to work with the Cloud Speech API lav be incur here. Additionally, the post said, the cloud Speech API leave today keep going data file that are longer than terzetto hours in duration, an increase from the premature limit of 80 minutes. file cabinet that be longsighted than triad hr can be support on A "case-by-case basis by apply for A quota extension through with taint Support." The 3 big takeaway for TechRepublic reader Google cloud speech API at present supports 119 languages and three hour long files, and whirl A new word-level timestamp feature. Word-level timestamps were the no. 1 most-requested feature, allowing developers to climb up to the moment where amp certain Word was said atomic number 49 an audio transcript. The lineament could help make the API Sir Thomas More business-friendly, and the language endorse could win Google some business in emerging markets. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe too watch