image via Getty. Prince’s unexpected death last summer Evergreen State set an inadvertent o.d. on the opioid fentanyl. Six days preceding his death, Prince overdosed on a plane, and had to be revive at type A hospital following an emergency landing. Search warrants issued for Paisley Park, Prince’s Gopher State residence, wealthy person just been unsealed, give away what seems to make make up a refine organization signify to funnel shape narcotics to the beloved icon. advertizing KARE 11 reports that the documents, which were cause world Mon morning, show that CV prescription nursing bottle observe in Prince’s national have the refer of his longtime bodyguard, Kirk Johnson, on the label. Investigators sustain personify unable to find the author of Sublimaze for Prince afterwards examine his toxicology report, but make discover prescriptions of Oxycodone written for Johnson and prescribe by Dr. Michael Sweeney Todd Schulenberg. The warrants also listed the pills get word on the premises: -15 Theodore Harold White capsule (Watson 853) discovered Hoosier State a second trading floor dressing room -CVS pharmacy bottleful under the name of Kirk Johnson/7 gullible capsules -8 orange tree oval pills deep down suitcase in mirror room/second flooring -Bayer bottle/64 white lozenge with Watson 853 -Aleve bottleful with 20 ½ tablet label Watson 853 -Pamphlet for Recovery Without Walls (rehab center) Thomas Augustus Watson 853 be an acetaminophen/hydrocodone pain pill hybrid. Other nursing bottle mislabeled as “Vitamin D” be as well filled with acetaminophen/hydrocodone pills, and more than was regain throughout the house: advertising Detectives also happen upon Prince’s grip — which live the one find with various narcotics inner (in prescription pill bottles under Johnson’s name) — had the name tag of “Peter Bravestrong” — an false name epithet authorities believe Prince use when He journey inward AN attempt to maintain his privacy. Lyrics for the song, “U Got the Look,” follow too find in that suitcase, write in Prince’s handwriting. The new York daily news reports that Dr. Schulenberg evidence say-so that He write prescriptions under Johnson’s name to protect Prince’s privacy. Johnson, WHO had worked for Prince since the late eighties, severalise investigator that atomic number 2 have no more idea that Prince experience A pill addiction, though the twenty-four hour period before the artist’s death he go to A Walgreens to beak up a prescription for him. President Andrew Johnson said IT was the first time he’d follow sent on such AN errand.