TOKYO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--Keio place Hotel Yedo (KPH), unitary of Japan’s most prestigious international hotels locate inward Shinjuku, Tokyo, will host the “38 Th Arita and Imari Porcelain expo – From Origin to Modern Style” from July 1 (Sunday) to August 1 (Wednesday), 2018, introducing to guests the Arita and Imari porcelain, the first ceramics prepare Hoosier State the southern island of Kyushu, Japan. Art items represent the Ko-Imari and former styles of porcelain will be displayed in exhibition. Also, seven noted and modern porcelain manufacturing business from the Arita and Imari regions of Saga Prefecture testament video display their mathematical product and be usable for sale. inward addition, eight of our eatery testament serve specially prepared foods expend porcelain from the Arita and Imari regions. Many guests tin purchase porcelain products later on din At our eating place and actually seeing and experience how they be used to accentuate foods. This press release features multimedia. view the wide-cut release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/ Japanese Dinner Using Arita and Imari Porcelain (Photo: business sector Wire) This year marks the 38 Th time that this exhibition has be held, and be A reflection of the strong worry In Arita and Imari porcelain products. This exposition is also designed to allow for our international guests, who account for over 75% of tally guests, with an chance to experience the beaut of Japan’s traditional Arita and Imari porcelain products. This year’s exposition leave focal point upon “Ko-Karatsu” and “Ko-Imari” porcelain establish in the southern island of Kyushu. “Ko-Karatsu” follow known for IT simple and sturdiness during the reign of the Lord Toyotomi Hoosier State the belatedly 16 Th century. “Ko-Imari” became popular artistic creation items amongst European aristocrats during the XVII th one C Japanese capital Period. Beautiful porcelain item make up past the famous pottery manufacturing business that feature develop o'er the 400-year story of the art testament live on display. file away of Press release around the Keio piazza Hotel Keio shopping mall Hotel Tokyo, turn up in Shinjuku at the very heart of the nation’s uppercase Tokyo, be nonpareil of Japan’s lead international hotels. Our hotel feature of over 20 eating place and bars, and we host a wide run of local anaesthetic and outside invitee who inspect atomic number 92 for our receive facilities, warm hospitality and unique service that allow them to experience Nipponese culture, let in our Hello Kitty themed rooms and Nipponese ethnical experience programs. For to a greater extent information around our installation and services, please inspect our website, YouTube, Facebook or Instagram. prospect source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en/ CONTACT: Keio piazza Hotel Japanese capital Keiko Kawashima, +81-3-5322-8010 Public Relations manager keiko-kawashima@keioplaza.co.jp KEYWORD: ASIA Pacific Ocean Japanese Archipelago INDUSTRY KEYWORD: amusement ARTS/MUSEUMS move around lodge RESTAURANT/BAR RETAIL SOURCE: Keio Plaza Hotel Yeddo Copyright business sector Wire 2018. PUB: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM/DISC: 05/30/2018 10:05 AM http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530005443/en