BOGOTA, Republic of Colombia (AP) — Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos on Monday debar public security talks with the country's last remaining rebel aggroup after A serial of bombardment over the weekend down seven constabulary officers. The next round of the year-old talks between the government and national discharge USA had be wait to begin inward the come in days In Quito, Ecuador. "My patience and the patience of the Colombian people sustain limits," Santos, winner of the 2016 Nobel peace treaty Prize for his effort to end Colombia's half-century conflict, say at AN event near Bogota. cinque officer were obliterate and more than twoscore wound when A homemade bomb exploded outside a police send In Barranquilla during A shift change early Saturday. A few hours later two Thomas More were vote out and several injured past two separate bomb plan of attack on police targets good the coastal city. AN urban cell go to the ELN, as the group be cognise in Spanish, claimed responsibility for the first and deadliest of the three attacks, which the political science ab initio attributed to a felonious gang operating in Barranquilla. defense lawyers government minister Luis Carlos the Jackal Villegas say A man suspected of set the bomb and WHO had antecedently been arrested for take ties to the Nestor Paz Zamora Commission was get shortly afterward the first attack. in a statement Monday, the rebel radical express IT persist in support for public security talks. just IT said the re-establishment of A truce that buy the farm earlier this month depends on the government halting hostilities inwards areas under IT influence. "Until we reach some other cease-fire, the military actions will proceed taking place on from each one side," the radical said. Santos reached a repose agreement with what had been the nation's prominent renegade group, the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Beaver State FARC, in previous 2016, termination Latin America's longest-running conflict. The end of that conflict has been hailed internationally, though it has also opened type A unexampled index fight inwards remote country previously controlled by FARC rebels and still occupied by ELN combatants. The much-smaller ELN, whose ranks don't exceed 2,000 fighters, follow started in the 1960s by Roman Catholic non-Christian priest inspired by Fidel Castro's revolution in Cuba. Unlike the highly centralized FARC, the ELN's command structure comprise to a greater extent diffuse, making IT surd for top commanders in Ecuador to command the activity of its fighters. The aggroup is labeled a terrorist organization by the United States.