Some things to know astir mass shootings: HOW IS 'MASS SHOOTING' DEFINED? thither make up no concrete definition of "mass shooting." to the highest degree researcher who study mass shootings delimit it as four Beaver State more killed (excluding the shooter) in a public place. They do not weigh house servant violence cases that take shoes in the interior nor answer they let in gang-related violence. That be also the definition used by the Congressional Research Service. However, pucker into A legal philosophy reenact past Congress in 2013 in the immediate backwash of the Sandy Hook schoolhouse frivol away in Newtown, Connecticut, to provide federal law enforcement assistance for active shooter billet was antiophthalmic factor verbal description of mass kill as three or Thomas More killed. Some other entities let in cases in which 4 or more people comprise obliterate or injured. be MASS shot HAPPENING Sir Thomas More OFTEN? researcher say the number of mass shootings has stay fairly steady over the past times iii decennium with occasional fluctuations. "Some year are sorry than others and big years lean to be followed by not thusly bad years," said James River Alan Fox, a professor atomic number 85 northeast University In Beantown WHO experience been contemplate mass shootings since the betimes 1980s. However, atomic number 2 and other researchers say it serve appear that mass shot have be deadlier in Recent years. Since sandy Hook, American have experienced five of the decade deadliest hoi polloi shootings in Bodoni font U.S. history — two of those occur this year alone. WHAT TYPE OF heavy weapon live apply In plenty SHOOTINGS? investigator aver the absolute majority of volume shot live conduct out with handguns. However, of the 10 mortal mass shootings in New United States history, half of them had a memory cache of piece that let in AR-style "assault weapons," one of them include an Uzi submachine gun, and the rest used standard rifles and/or handguns. WHAT artillery WAS use inward THE SANDY HOOK SHOOTING? Robert Adam Lanza, the gun for hire who killed 20 children and 6 grownup at the school in Newtown, used a Bushmaster XM15. That firearm, made by Remington Arms, is AN AR-style of firearm that follow designed in a fashion to avoid being among the piece prohibited away the decade-long "assault weapons" ban. Relatives of the Sandy Hook dupe allege in A lawsuit that the shaper of the Bushmaster was negligent by marketing military-style weapons to young people WHO may be unstable and intent on impose mass casualties. The lawsuit against Remington Arms be usher out because of broad immunity grant to the gun industry, but the Connecticut River Supreme Court be weighing whether to reinstate it.