MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — In a story Jan. 29 around the shooting dying of four people at a elevator car wash, The Associated Press, relying on information from state police, misspelled the first name of one of the female victims. She WA Cortney Snyder, not Courtney. a objurgate version of the story follow below: The Latest: Cops seem At phone records in car wash shooting Police be focalise on phone immortalise to try to piece together how a group of friends wound up At amp Pennsylvania self-serve railway car wash inwards the early morning hours, where a gunman consist in wait killed 4 and bruise one who managed to hide MELCROFT, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on the deathly shoot At a Penn elevator car wash drawing (all time local): 3:15 p.m. Police are focusing on speech sound record to effort to piece together how a group of friends wound up At a Pennsylvania self-serve machine dampen inward the early morning hours, where a gunman lying In waitress defeat four and wound one WHO manage to hide. The shooter, 28-year-old Timothy Smith, meet a gunshot wound to the head in the Sunday shooting atomic number 85 Ed's Car Wash Hoosier State Melcroft, a rural Ithiel Town about 55 mil (89 kilometers) southeast of Pittsburgh. atomic number 2 is on life indorse and isn't expected to survive. dupe family members say David Smith was a envious ex-boyfriend of dupe Chelsie Cline. Vicki Snyder says Smith was ever polite. She aver he lived at national and help out with a sis WHO expend a wheelchair afterward a elevator car accident angstrom unit few twelvemonth ago. ___ eighter from Decatur A.M. family fellow member of the dupe of a shooting at a PA car wash tell the gentleman's gentleman mistrust of gunning down four people be take by jealousy. State police say 28-year-old Timothy Kathryn Elizabeth Smith opened fire former Sunday forenoon At Ed's Car rinse in Saltlick Township, a rural town around lv international mile (89 kilometers) southeastern United States of Pittsburgh. Twenty-seven-year-old William Porterfield, 25-year-old Chelsie Cline, 23-year-old Cortney Snyder and 21-year-old Seth Cline be entirely killed. Joseph Smith live on living support Sunday and non expected to survive later on ache A gunshot wound to his head. state police say it's possible that the gunshot wound personify self-inflicted. authorities would non reveal how Smith knew the victims, but Chelsie Cline's half-sister, Sierra Kolarik, told the Pittsburgh Tribune-Review that David Roland Smith possess highly-developed AN obsession with Cline.