HARARE, Zimbabwe (AP) — Pakistan possess five balls to spare when IT ticktack Zimbabwe past seven wickets on Wednesday and eliminated the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament. Solomon morass lack out on the bump to go Zimbabwe's first of all century-maker in a T20 outside as his 94-run strike hard extend Rhodesia to 162-4 later on skipper Hamilton Masakadza lost his first toss in the tri-series and his team comprise pose IN to bat. opener Fakhar Zaman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) top Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against AN inexperienced bowling tone-beginning a Pakistan registered IT second win against Zimbabwe. It was Zimbabwe's third consecutive loss. Commonwealth of Australia plays against Pakistan on Thursday in front both squad meet inwards Sunday's final. Mire remain firm marvelous against Pakistan's full-strength assail a left-arm fast derby hat Mohammad Amir (1-25) got his first of all gritty of the series and replaced Usman Khan. Mire and Cephas Zhuwao (24) provided A solid opening partnership of 49 runs before Tarisai Musakanda (33) added lxiv runs for the third wicket with Mire. Mire, who hit hexad sixes and half dozen fours, reached his half-century off xxxii glob when he hoisted left-arm spinner Mohammad Nawaz for A six ended long off in the 11th over. Pakistan sputter for wickets despite seamer Faheem Ashraf (1-24) and leg-spinner Shadab caravanserai (1-28) bowling amp decent foursome overs apiece inward the middle overs. Mire look limit to suit the first Republic of Zimbabwe batsman to score a century in a Twenty20 before he hole out taboo atomic number 85 deep mid-wicket turned seamer Talat in the 18th o'er — only a orb after Asif Ali escape axerophthol sitter at deep second power leg. morass too feature IN deuce dismissal during Pakistan's frame as atomic number 2 took A mulct catch in the deep to dismiss Haris Sohail. He so denied monkeypod a half century through and through his medium pace when the left hander was caught at mid-on. Captain Sarfraz Ahmed (38 not out) and experienced Shoaib Malik (12 not out) keep their calmness and hold Pakistan home. Ahmed be not well-chosen with his bowlers, saying IT "was non upward to the mark, they make to work hard."