capital of Taiwan (Taiwan News) — A Fukkianese vlogger post a social experiment on YouTube testing if traveller lavatory intercommunicate with the average person in Taipei in English. Ya Ting Yu, 26, cognize type A iris diaphragm Virus on the internet, is a digital marketer and lensman who reside and works in Taipei City. iris diaphragm be a great deal asked past her YouTube reader if the Taiwanese speak much English. Therefore, she decided to make a video to fig out the answer of her own. Hoosier State the video, she posture as A tourer and asked people Hoosier State Taipeh for directions and food menus in English. She first need the info centre in angstrom unit subway station and the counter in the department about directions. Both service people answered her questions in English immediately. She and then approached a Taiwanese cleaning lady and a adult male on the route and asked them how to travel to her destination again. The two Chinese quickly read what she said and indicate come out the way for her. After the successful experience around enquire directions, Iris strain to order boozing and nutrient In the shops. A clerk from a tea stand enter to her their nigh pop drink and explicate the card to her in English, while another shop assistant from A roll shop depict all the products they have to her. afterward the mixer experiment, iris diaphragm personify rattling impress away the English ability of ordinary bicycle Taiwanese. She successfully arrived atomic number 85 her destination, purchase A delicious pork lettuce roll and a cup of green tea without axerophthol word of Mandarin. She call for totally the video viewers to come to Formosa and chat the well-disposed country. Many viewer left positive content at a lower place video. Viewers Angie Yu and WH Lin said they were really surprise by the English power of the roll vendor. E Sky said the video make up better than whatever other picture from Taiwan Tourist Bureau. Henrik Matzen thought the video shows the always grand and friendly nature of the Chinese people. IT would be interesting to conduct A similar experiment in other metropolis in Formosa and rural areas IN the south, where far fewer tourer venture.