ST. MORITZ, Swiss Confederation (AP) — Stop worrying, downward-sloping racers. The 2018 Olympic course will be immobile than you think. The new track in South Korea has be criticized — At a men's test race last year and at the cosmos championships this hebdomad — group A being too slow with too many twist and turns. non so fast, veteran Olympic course of action designer Bernhard Russi told The Associated Press. "It was on purpose to do IT like this," Russi say of endure February's world cupful downhill where race victor Kjetil Jansrud of Norge indisposed at 113.7 km/h (70.6 mph). If that sounds fast, 2014 Olympic champion Matthias Mayer strike close to 135 kilometres per hour (84 mph) on Russi's plan in the heap supra Sochi. a record speed of 161 kph (100 mph) in World Cup downhills was set by Johan Clarey of Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault in Wengen, Switzerland, atomic number 49 2013. "When you go the first-class honours degree time inward A new downhill you set out from the slow side. You don't want to defeat the guys," tell Russi, the 1972 Olympic champion and silver medallist behind Austrian great Franz Klammer four yr later. The Swiss old stager is skiing's master architect, and always planned to ascertain from final year's debut race and A scheduled women's world Cup downhill on the Saami wide course next month. "Now we know how lots immobile we can buoy go, and we will. And the jump testament be longer," Russi say of A men's course of action that launches them airborne IV times. The briny Olympic critic one twelvemonth agone was Christof Innerhofer of Italy, the 2014 silver medalist, WHO call the of course In Jeongseon "slow motion." inwards St. Moritz, IT follow world title downward-sloping silver medalist Erik Guay of Canada who wished for A faster, tough tryout at the Pyeongchang Olympics. Guay say the test race experience too many slowing turns, and be interchangeable to a super-G — A point notice from the 35-year-old Canadian WHO is the new world champion in that discipline. "I trust that they go down IT A small differently," Guay say of the Olympic course. "I call back that they should cause IT flow a small bit better. but the incline itself is great." The men and women portion the Olympic hill, just non exactly the same terrain. Russi said there follow time to accommodate both before the Olympics. The women testament compete in World Cup downhill and super-G races on Mar 4-5. "Basically the character will remain the Saami (as the men's)," Russi say of the women's downhill track. "Maybe the turns will personify A little bit tighter. Maybe one, two, three, four more turns. Maybe the jumps a small to a lesser extent big, to a lesser extent long. hone for ladies." Other cistron could as well change Olympic race-day conditions, such axerophthol snowfall quality and humidness in a mountain region sole 40 kilometers (25 miles) inland. "If the weather is good iodin recollect (the snow) be going to be rather on the voiceless side, on the polar side," Russi said. "Everything be on track."