Laser uses Cooling.
Cooling is the involves of Ions.
Cooling is the involves of Molecules.
Cooling is the utilizes of Raman Sideband Cooling.
Raman Sideband Cooling uses Atoms.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the cools to of Ground State.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the utilizes of Harmonic Laser.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the involves of Stable Ground State.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the involves of Unstable Atomic Ground States.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the involves of Electronic Transitions.
Raman Sideband Cooling drives Alternating Current.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the involves of Coherent Pulse.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the utilizes of Computer Controlled Raman Laser.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the involves of Laser-Pumping Pulse.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the affects of Trap Frequency.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the affects of Energy Of The Atom.
Raman Sideband Cooling is the affects of Wave Vector.
Brown-Dicke Scheme uses Zeeman.
Brown-Dicke Scheme is the considers of Decays.
Brown-Dicke Scheme is the quantifies of Branching Frequency.
Branching Frequency is the affects of Average Shift.
Branching Frequency is the affects of Diffusion.
Self-Cooling is the applies to of Multilevel Levels.
Self-Cooling is the considers of Branching Ratio.
Self-Cooling is the determines of Cooling Coefficients.
Self-Cooling is the considers of Temperature.
Self-Cooling is the compares with of Single Photon Scattering.
Self-Cooling is the compares with of Effective Wave Function.
Model is the considers of Diffusion.
Model is the analyzes of Channels Of Diffusion.
Model is the presents of Conclusions.
Model includes Appendix.
Master Equation is the describes of Electron Density.
Master Equation is the involves of Detuning.
Master Equation is the involves of Frequency.
Master Equation is the affects of Harmonic Expansion.
Master Equation is the involves of Traps.
Master Equation is the utilizes of Annihilation And Creation Operator.
Master Equation is the describes of Interaction.
Master Equation is the interacts with of Laser Light.
Master Equation is the involves of Quantum Spin Operator.
Master Equation is the affects of Wave Pattern.
Second Order Quantum Theory is the applies to of Differential Equation.
Second Order Quantum Theory provides Solutions.
Solutions is the involves of Effective Hamiltonian.
Solutions is the describes of Scattering Event.
Solutions is the considers of Path.
Solutions is the reaches of Steady State.
Solutions is the calculates of Signal.
Solutions is the utilizes of Closed Form.
Solutions is the defines of Basis.
Solutions is the evaluates of Steady State Term.
Solutions is the derives of Rate Equation.
Solutions is the calculates of Real Part.
Solutions is the considers of Fluctuation Spectrum.
Solutions is the affects of Nuclear Energy.
Solutions is the affects of Diffusion Coefficient.
Solutions is the relates to of Steady-State Laser-Cooling Techniques.
Solutions is the applies to of Trapped Atoms.
Solutions is the determines of Rate Of Cooling.
Solutions is the considers of Counterpropagating Beams.
Solutions is the impacts of Diffusion.
Solutions is the affects of Efficiency.
Solutions is the analyzes of Effective Branching Ratio.
Solutions is the discusses of Multilevel-Mode.
Level-2 is the transitions to of Metastable State.
Level-2 is the affects of Probability Of Decay.
Level-2 is the involves of Rabi.
Level-2 is the derives from of Adiabatically.
Level-2 is the relates to of Equation Of State.
Level-2 is the describes of Hamiltonian.
Level-2 is the calculates of Mean And Variance.
Level-2 is the acts on of Energy Transfer Mechanism.
Level-2 is the impacts of Transitions.