Stephan'S Quintet is the produces of Intragroup Medium.
Stephan'S Quintet is the interacts with of Ngc 7318B.
Ngc 7318B is the causes shock heating of Intragroup Medium.
Ngc 7318B is the intruder galaxy of Ngc 7318A.
Ngc 7318B is the interacts with of Seyfert 2 Galaxy.
Ngc 7318B locates Sq-A.
Ngc 7318A moves Ngc 7317.
Gas Giants is the interacts with of Molecular Clouds.
Electrons is the collision heating of Molecular Clouds.
Agn is the emits of Dust.
Seismic Observations is the presence of Large-Scale Galaxy-Wide Shock.
Large-Scale Galaxy-Wide Shock is the location of Region.
Large-Scale Galaxy-Wide Shock is the implication of Shock Heating Events.
Sq is the description of Extraction.
Spectrum is the description of Extragalactic Star-Forming Region.
Metal Lines is the implication of Star Formation.
Luminosity is the calculation of X-1 S (S) Line.
Metal Lines In The Observed Transitions is the description of Main Shock.
Main Shock is the implication of Emission Sources.
Excitation Diagram is the representation of Heat Sources.
Two-Dimensional Map is the estimation of Total Mass Of The H.
Temperature is the dependency of Pah Contamination.
Two-Dimensional Map Of The Motion is the description of Changes In The Shape Of The Excitation Diagram.
Thermal Coolant is the interaction of X-Ray Emission.
Xmm-Based Observations is the usage of Calibrations.
Calibrations is the improvement of Intensity And Luminosities.
Relative Dominance Of The H is the comparison of X-Ray Gas.
Bridge Region is the implication of Molecular-Oxygen Emission.
Fine-Structure Constant is the utilization of Sources Of Excitation.
Neiii/Neii Ratio is the measurement of Radiation Field.
Electron Density is the comparison of Neutral Hydrogen.
Hi Magnetic Field is the explanation of Collision.
Collision is the association of Multiphase Medium.
Dense Clumps is the formation of Dusty Nucleation Centers.
Molecular Material is the presence of Giant Molecular Clouds.
Spectral Lines is the association of Shock Velocities.
Pre-Shock Plasma is the relation of Post-Shock X-Ray Emitting Plasma.
Radiative Shock is the association of Iron Emission.
Neon Emission is the utilization of Noble Gas.
Line produces Galaxy.
Line produces Warm H.
Line produces Peak Luminosity.
Line is the spread over of Kpc.
Line is the dominates of Warm H.
Warm H is the dominates of Mid-Infrared Region.
Evidence is the supports of Super-Massive Feature.
Super-Massive Feature is the connects of H5 Bridge.
H5 Bridge is the between of Main Shock.
H5 Bridge is the between of Ngc 7319.
Spatial Variation is the implies of Spectral Ratios.
Spatial Variation is the implies of Temperature.
Spatial Variation is the implies of Excitation.
Spatial Variation is the implies of Shocked Region.
Boundary is the of of Main Shock.
Boundary is the in of Main Shock.
Boundary is the of of Bridge Model.
Results is the confirm of Signal.
Results is the stronger than of X-Ray Emission.
Results is the from of Shock Waves.
Traditional View is the modifies of Spiral Galaxies.
H5 is the forms on of Galaxies.
H5 associates Dust Emission.
Background Radiation Field is the produces of Dust Emission.
Traditional Interpretations is the unlike of Ionic Lines.
Ionic Lines is the within of Ionosphere.
Comparison is the indicates of Silicon.
Comparison is the indicates of Iron.
Star Formation dominates Galaxy.
Star Formation locates Regions.
Regions is the at of Shock Ridge.
Regions is the at of Wavelengths.
Regions bes Starbursts.
Regions is the exhibit of H5 Emission.
Regions is the low of Star Formation Rates.
Regions is the consistent with of Theoretical Model.
Regions is the significantly unstable of H5 Emission.
Regions bes Clouds.
Regions is the short-lived of Clouds.
Regions is the undersized of Clouds.
Regions is the too of Collapse.
Coexistence is the of of Ionic Lines.
Coexistence disrupts H5.
Coexistence is the at of Km.
Observational Results is the consistent with of Model.
Observational Results is the observes of Cooling Effect.
Cooling Effect is the in of Galaxy.
Cooling Effect is the for of Systems.
Cooling Effect is the determines of Mechanism.
Cooling Effect is the for of Systems.
Heating And Cooling Processes is the require of Mechanism.
Shock Waves is the suggest of Data.
Shock Waves is the from of Sources.
Shock Waves is the from of Recent Data.
Shock Waves is the such as of Sources.
Shock Waves is the from of Recent Contribution.
Region uses Capabilities.
Region uses Space Observatory.
Region is the not rule out of Spectral Line Cooling.
Stephan Inc. bes Laboratory.
Stephan Inc. is the for of Region.
Stephan Inc. is the responsible for of Phenomena.
Mec is the through of Supported By.
Mec supports Nasa.
Mec supports Jpl/Caltech Grant Program.
Mec is the thanks to of Professor Jarrett.
Professor Jarrett is the for use of of Sample Analysis Software.
Professor Jarrett is the for use of of Irac/Nasa Analysis Tools.
Allen is the and of Groves.
Allen is the and of Dopita.
Allen is the and of Kewley.
Allen is the and of Hartsuiker.
Gao & Xu estimates Ngc 7319.
Osullivan Et Al. uses Ngc 7319.