Exotic Hydrogen-Like Atoms is the formation of Highly Excited States.
Negative Particles traps Hydrogen.
Exotic Atoms is the deexcitation of Ground State.
Exotic Atoms is the proceeds via of Nuclear Reaction.
Kinetics is the study of of Atomic Cascade.
Precision Spectroscopy Methods is the analysis of of Atomic Cascade.
Experimental Data is the appropriate to of Initial Stage.
X-Ray Yields is the study of of Effects.
Weak Interaction is the effects on of Hydrogenic Atoms.
Strong Interaction is the effects on of Hydrogenic Atoms.
Hydrogenic Atoms is the collisions with of Ground State.
Deexcitation is the important for of Importance.
Collisional Processes is the importance of of Principal Quantum Numbers.
Stark Transitions is the affects of Population.
Stark Transitions is the together with of Elastic Scattering.
Leon studys Stark Transitions.
Quantum-Mechanical Treatment is the treatment of of Chemical Processes.
Collisions is the with of Hydrogenic Atoms.
Energy Levels changes Cascade.
Paper studys Stark Transitions.
Exact Quantum-Mechanical Treatment studys Elastic Scattering.
Cross-Section Approach calculates Processes.
Cross-Section Approach is the cross sections in of Good Condition.
Cd Process is the much of Better Defined.
Bracci is the work on of Cd Process.
Bracci is the work with of Fiorentini.
Cd Process studys Unified Approach.
Classical-Trajectory Monte Carlo Approach is the agreement with of Experimental Models.
Adiabatic Approach provides Experimental Models.
Adiabatic Approach provides Small Cd Cross Sections.
Cross-Correlation Approach is the unified approach in of Processes.
Differential Cross Sections calculates Muonic Atoms.
Differential Cross Sections calculates Pionic Atoms.
Differential Cross Sections calculates Antiprotonic Atoms.
Excited States is the range relevant for of Kinetic Energy.
Phase Transitions corresponds Vacuum Polarization.
Phase Transitions corresponds Strong Interaction.
Hadronic Atoms uses Close-Coupling Calculations.
Self-Consistent Structure is the structure of of Processes.
Differential Cross Sections is the illustrate of Cc Calculations.
Integral Cross Sections is the illustrate of Cc Calculations.
Open Channels includes Cc Calculations.
Closed Channels includes Close-Coupling Approach.
Total Cross Sections is the present and discuss of Scattering Processes.
Angular Coordinates is the direction towards of Atomic Nucleus.
Elastic Cross Sections is the comparison of of Stark Cross Sections.
Energy Levels shows Processes.
Efficiency is the contributes to of Stark Processes.
Cd Effect observes Hadronic Materials.
Cd Process characterizes Short-Range Process.
Partial-Wave Cross Section is the comparison with of Cd Process.
Cd Process is the treatment in of Classical Model.
Two-Channel Model is the involvement in of Cd Process.
Energy Distribution predicts Cc Calculations.
Final State is the distribution of of Cc Calculations.
Angular Distribution shows Cd.
Xmath91 is the unknown of Xmath59.
Xmath59 is the unknown of Xmath92.
Xmath52 is the unknown of Xmath93.
Xmath52 is the unknown of Xmath94.
Xmath95 is the unknown of Xmath97.
Xmath97 is the unknown of Xmath98.
Xmath97 is the unknown of Xmath99.
Xmath100 is the unknown of Xmath98.
Xmath100 is the unknown of Xmath99.
Xmath101 is the unknown of Xmath65.
Xmath65 is the unknown of Xmath102.
Xmath65 is the unknown of Xmath103.
Xmath0 is the unknown of Xmath103.
Xmath104 is the unknown of Xmath52.
Xmath10 is the unknown of Xmath104.
Xmath52 is the unknown of Xmath84.
Xmath15 is the unknown of Xmath105.
Xmath15 is the unknown of Xmath106.
Xmath107 is the unknown of Xmath15.
Xmath108 is the unknown of Xmath15.
Xmath52 is the unknown of Xmath109.
Xmath110 is the unknown of Xmath110.
Xmath111 is the unknown of Xmath103.
Xmath112 is the unknown of Xmath111.