Xmath5 mentions Xcite.
Xmath6 mentions Xcite.
Xmath7 mentions Xcite.
Xmath8 mentions Xcite.
Xmath9 mentions Xcite.
Xmath10 mentions Xcite.
Xmath11 mentions Xcite.
Xmath12 mentions Xcite.
Xmath13 mentions Xcite.
Xmath14 mentions Xcite.
Xmath1610 mentions Xcite.
Xmath17 mentions Xcite.
Xmath1810 mentions Xcite.
Xmath19 mentions Xcite.
Xmath20 mentions Xcite.
Xmath21 mentions Xcite.
Xmath01 mentions Xcite.
Xmath22 mentions Xcite.
Xmath23 mentions Xcite.
Xmath24 mentions Xcite.
Xmath0122 mentions Xcite.
Xmath04000 mentions Xcite.
Xmath25 mentions Xcite.
Galaxies is the part of of Supercluster.
Wise provides Galaxies.
Sdss provides Galaxies.
Galex provides Galaxies.
A1656 provides Galaxies.
A1367 provides Galaxies.
A1656 is the part of of Supercluster.
A1367 is the part of of Supercluster.
Coma is the part of of Supercluster.
Gravitational Effects is the contribute to of Density Estimates.
Density Estimates recommends Spectroscopically-Confirmed Members.
Density Estimates is the match with of Galaxy Supercluster.
Surface Measurements is the match with of Galaxy Supercluster.
Galaxy Supercluster is the match with of Density Measurements.
Analysis follows Galaxy Supercluster.
Figure 1 is the show correlation between of Galaxies.
Figure 1 is the show correlation between of Volume Density.
Galaxies is the exist in of Abell 901/902 Supercluster.
Area is the measure for of Density.
Distance is the measure for of Density.
Function is the define size scale for of Nearest Neighbour.
Function is the define size scale for of Characteristic Kernel.
Environments is the affect of Function.
Vt is the address difficulty of needing both of Size.
Vt is the address difficulty of needing both of Shape.
Vt is the use to calculate galaxy density of Cells.
Universe is the area that surrounds galaxies of Cells.
Qhull Function is the use to calculate density for of Coma Supercluster.
Qhull Function is the calculate for of Convexity.
Local Gravitational Field is the measure for of Spurious Density Variations.
Sdss Dr9 is the use galaxies from as buffer to supercluster map of Buffer.
Buffer is the exclude from analysis of Coma Supercluster.
Voronoi Distribution is the compare over of Supercluster.
Maps is the generate with source clusters of Voronoi Distribution.
Cell Densities is the distribute over of Supercluster.
Random Realizations is the compare with of Cell Densities.
Voids is the result in prominent of Cell Densities.
Cumulative Distribution establishs Cell Densities.
Magnitude is the measure in of Dynamic Density.
Random Realizations is the sample for of Magnitude.
White Dwarf K+A Galaxies is the present in of Coma Supercluster.
Parent Supercluster Galaxy Sample is the provide from of White Dwarf K+A Galaxies.
Starburst Galaxies is the select non- of Parameters.
Parameters is the select of Starburst Galaxies.
Spectral Features is the indicative of being of Starburst Galaxies.
Alpha Line Measurements is the show differences in of Spectral Features.
Line Measurements obtains Alpha Line Measurements.
Specline is the use for of Line Measurements.
Galspecline is the use for of Line Measurements.
Galspecindx is the use for of Line Measurements.
Mpa-Jhu Model bases Galspecline.
Continuum is the fit with of Fitting.
Population Distribution Models is the fit with of Continuum.
Fitting is the cause of of Systematic Differences.
Standard Model is the subtract from of Fitting.
Rest-Frame is the limit to of Specline.
Lick Observatory H@Xmath44 is the capture in of H@Xmath43.