Quantum is the explains of Inflation.
Inflation is the explains of Energy-Density Perturbations.
Inflation is the explains of Flat Spatial Hypersurfaces.
Inflation is the explains of Inflaton Region.
Inflation requires Dimensionless Parameter.
Dimensionless Parameter is the explains of Cosmological Model.
Cosmological Model is the explains of Primordial Energy Spectrum.
Primordial Energy Spectrum is the generates of Adiabatic Energy-Momentum Functions.
Primordial Energy Spectrum is the generates of Inflaton Potential.
Cosmological Model is the explains of Large-Scale Cmb Spatial Distribution.
Cosmological Model is the explains of Open-Bubble Bubble.
Open-Bubble Bubble is the generates of Mass Fluctuations.
Open-Bubble Bubble is the generates of Angular-Momentum Distribution.
Open-Bubble Bubble is the generates of Bubble Nucleation.
Bubble Nucleation is the generates of Bubble Wall.
Bubble Nucleation is the generates of Quantum Mechanical Fluctuations.
Quantum Mechanical Fluctuations is the generates of Rms Energy Density Distribution.
Quantum Mechanical Fluctuations is the generates of Observational Data.
Observational Data is the uses of Angular Spectrum Analysis Technique.
Angular Spectrum Analysis Technique is the explains of Cmb Rms Quadrupole Anisotropy Amplitude.
Angular Spectrum Analysis Technique is the explains of Cosmographic And Large-Scale Inflation Statistics.
Cosmographic And Large-Scale Inflation Statistics is the generates of Observational Predictions.
Observational Predictions is the observes of Galactic Plane.
Observational Predictions is the observes of Ecliptic Directions.
Observational Predictions is the observes of Deep-Sky Maps.
Galactic Plane is the affects of Quadrupole Effect.
Deep-Sky Maps is the measures of Free-Free And Dust Emission.
Deep-Sky Maps is the describes of Synchrotron Emission.
Power Law Analysis Technique is the implementation of Spherical Functions.
Spherical Functions is the calculation of Pixelization Effects.
Spherical Functions is the calculation of Galactic Cut.
Spherical Functions is the calculation of Fluctuations.
Open Model Probability-Density-Function Models is the consideration of Fluctuations Generated In The First Epoch Of Inflation.
Open Model Probability-Density-Function Models is the consideration of Fluctuations Generated In The Second Epoch Of Inflation.
Open Model Probability-Density-Function Models is the consideration of Variation From The Non-Square-Integrable Transfer Function.
Gravitational Effects ignores Open Model Probability-Density-Function Models.
Primordial Gravity Effects ignores Open Model Probability-Density-Function Models.
Eigenvalue Of The Radial Coordinate Laplacian is the dependent value of Radial Coordinate Spatial Wavenumber.
Scale-Invariant Fractional Mean-Density Perturbation is the generalization of Transfer Function.
Scale-Invariant Fractional Mean-Density Perturbation is the generalization of Normalization Function.
Energy Spectrum is the prediction of Spatial Curvature.
Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation is the description of Spherical Harmonic Decomposition.
Cmb Temperature Distribution is the description of Ensemble Average.
Linear Correlation Codes is the comparison of Experimental Data.
Experimental Data is the basis of Model-Parameter Estimate.
Early Reionization is the effect of Structure Formation.
Spin-Orbit Parameters is the evaluation of Mass Parameter.
Spin-Orbit Parameters is the evaluation of Baryonic-Electron Parameters.
Cmb Parameter Values is the calculation of Radial Coordinate Spatial Wavenumber.
Fiducial Cdm is the comparison of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Cmb-V Spectrum is the comparison of Flat-Space Scale-Invariant Spectrum.
Non-Square-Integrable Basis Set is the comparison of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Quantum-Mechanical First-Order Fluctuations is the effect of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Multipole Moments is the sensitivity of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Scale-Space Scale-Space-Time Model is the effect of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Mean-Square-Integrable Model is the effect of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Dmr Likelihood Analyses is the summary of Likelihood Functions.
Ecliptic-Frame Sky Maps is the derivation of Likelihood Functions.
Polar-Frame Sky Maps is the derivation of Likelihood Functions.
Prior Probability Density Distribution is the derivation of Cmb Fractional Angular Perturbation.
Table 13 is the illustrates of Spectral Line Amplitudes.
Table 13 uses Likelihood.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Spectral Line Amplitudes.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Shifts.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Likelihood.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Effect.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Fitting Formulae.
Fitting Formulae is the describes of Open-Bubble Inflation Model.
Fitting Formulae is the describes of Flat-And Scale-Invariant Spectrum Open Model Fitting Formula.
Fitting Formulae is the describes of Solar-System Climate Model.
Fitting Formulae is the describes of Closed-Bubble Inflation Model.
Fitting Formulae derives Field Theory Equations Of Motion.
Fitting Formulae derives Computational Methods.
Fitting Formulae derives Comparison.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Intensity Values.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Mean Of The Dmr 10-Year Period.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Upper And Lower 2-Σ Limits.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Normalization Factor.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Scale Factors.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Fitting.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Non-Linear Flat-Function.
Non-Linear Flat-Function is the describes of Point Of Interest.
Non-Linear Flat-Function is the describes of Transfer Function.
Transfer Function is the describes of Analytic Fit.
Transfer Function is the describes of Large-Scale Structure Predictions.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Spin-Orbit Inflation Model.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Perturbations.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Cosmological Baryonic-Matter Fraction.
Table 16 is the illustrates of Power Spectral Scale Parameter.
Ecf is the use of Hydrodynamical Simulations.
Ecf is the use of Clusters.
Ecf is the use of Cdm Model.
Ecf is the determine of Cluster Density.
Ecf is the determine of Cluster Mass.
Ecf is the use of Calibrated Model.
Calibrated Model obtains Parameters.
Parameters is the use of Approximation.
Galaxies is the observe of Redshifts.
Redshifts is the affect of Observation.
Peculiar Velocity imposes Constraints.
Constraints imposes Mass Temperature Function.
Constraints imposes Linear Velocity.
Constraints imposes Uncertainty.
Anisotropy considers Phase Space Conservation Law.
Phase Space Conservation Law is the compare of Estimate.
Estimate is the modify of Error Estimate.
Experimental Data is the observe of Baryonic Mass Fraction.
Experimental Data is the observe of Abundances.
Abundances imposes Observational Data.
Models considers Observational Data.
Banday Et Al . 1996B is the citation of Wright Et Al . 1994.
Rp94 is the contributes to of Bgt ; Yst.
G96 is the mentions of Wright Et Al . 1994.
W83 is the mentions of Wright Et Al . 1994.
Cayn Et Al . 1996 is the citation of Wright Et Al . 1994.
Model haves Prediction Values.
Model is the close to of Xmath72.
Model is the close to of Xmath256.
Model is the on edge of allowed region of Xmath177.
Model is the incompatible with observations of Xmath69.
Model favours Xmath72.
Model favours Xmath256.
Model allows Xmath177.
Model is the incompatible with observations of Xmath69.
Model describes Xmath177.
Model describes Xmath69.
Model is the account for calibration uncertainty of Xmath302.
Model is the account for calibration uncertainty of Xmath302.
Model is the most sensitive value of Xmath66.
Model is the horizontal lines represent value of Xmath303.
Model is the horizontal lines represent value of Xmath303.
Model is the data from analysis of Grski 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Ganga Et Al. 1994.
Model is the data from analysis of Tucker 1995.
Model is the data from analysis of Tucker Et Al. 1996A.
Model is the data from analysis of Piccirillo Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Netterfield Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Gundersen Et Al. 1995.
Model is the data from analysis of Platt Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Masi Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Tanaka Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Lim Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Inman Et Al. 1996.
Model is the data from analysis of Griffin Et Al. 1996.