Stars is the observations of Kick Velocity.
Stars is the kick velocity of Kick Velocity.
Stars is the mechanism of Physical Mechanism.
Physical Mechanism is the similar to of Tademaru Mechanism.
Physical Mechanism relates Anisotropic Emission Of Light.
Physical Mechanism relates Nuclear Explosion.
Stars is the existence of Pulsars.
Pop Iii Type Stars is the existence of Pulsars.
Pop Iii Type Stars is the formation phase of Pulsars.
Repetto Et Al. is the observations of Bhs.
Bhs is the comparable to of Natal Kick Velocity.
Bhs is the kick velocity of Natal Kick Velocity.
Pop Iii Stars is the large velocity of Kick Velocity.
Rotational Speed is the distribution of Stars.
Rotational Speed is the maxwellian distribution of Stars.
Rotational Speed follows Stars.
Rotational Speed is the details in of Stars.
Monte Carlo Simulations is the consideration of Pop Iii Type Stars.
Pop Iii Ns-B is the comparison of Pop I And Pop Ns-Bh.
Pop Ii Stars is the metallicity less than of Metal Core Stars.
Pop I And Pop Ii Stars is the metallicity less than of Metal Core Stars.
Pop Iii Stars is the differences of Pop I And Pop Ii Stars.
Pop Iii Stars is the less massive of Pop I And Pop Ii Stars.
Pop Iii Stars is the smaller in mass of Pop I And Pop Ii Stars.
Pop Iii Stars is the higher core mass loss of Pop I And Pop Ii Stars.
Pop Iii Stars is the roles of Binary Interactions.
Ns-Bh Mergers is the estimation of Properties Of Ns-Bh.
Ns-Bh Mergers is the properties calculation of Properties Of Ns-Bh.
Ns-Bh Mergers is the calculation of Ratea Simulation.
Ratea Simulation is the uses of Monte Carlo Simulation.
Ratea Simulation is the initial conditions calculation of Binary Initial Conditions.
Binary Initial Conditions is the calculation of Initial Mass.
Binary Initial Conditions is the calculation of Mass Ratio.
Binary Initial Conditions is the calculation of Separation.
Binary Initial Conditions is the star born of Separation.
Binary Initial Conditions uses Monte Carlo Method.
Binary Initial Conditions uses Population Distribution Function.
Binary Initial Conditions uses Intermediate Mass Distribution Function.
Binary Initial Conditions uses Initial Separation Function.
Binary Initial Conditions uses Initial Eccentricity Distribution Function.
Binary Initial Conditions is the for of Pop Ii Stars.
Binary Initial Conditions is the for of Pop I And Pop Ii Stars.
Mext Grant-In-Aid is the support of New Frontiers In Space And Multi-Dimensional Observations Of Gravitational Wave Sources.
Ministry Of Education Grant-In-Aid is the support of References.
Jsps Grants-In-Aid For Astronomical Research is the support of References.