Formation And Bose-Einstein Condensation Of Molecules achieves Xcite.
Ultracold Experiments is the involves of Magnetically-Tuned Feshbach Resonances.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Atomic Orbital.
Atomic Orbital is the allows for of Scattering Continuum.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Molecules.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Ultracold Molecules.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Bose Condensates.
Feshbach Coupling is the induces of Thermal Gases.
Feshbach Molecules haves One Electron-Bound Quantum State.
Feshbach Molecules is the strongly interacts with of Quantum State.
Feshbach Molecules is the via of Scattering State.
Feshbach Molecules investigates Molecularstates Near Feshbach Resonance.
Molecularstates Near Feshbach Resonance bases Two-Body And Three-Body Models.
Molecularstates Near Feshbach Resonance bases Multi-Channel Resonance Theory.
Molecularstates Near Feshbach Resonance is the characterizes of Feshbach Molecule.
Interacting Atoms is the near of Feshbach Resonance.
Interacting Atoms is the introduces of Spherical Gas Potential.
Spherical Gas Potential is the models of Molecular Electronic State.
Spherical Gas Potential is the models of Different Channels.
Wave Function is the satisfies of Schrodinger Equation.
Schrodinger Equation describes Scattering Length.
Schrodinger Equation describes Feshbach Coupling Constant.
Schrodinger Equation describes Resonance Width.
Schrodinger Equation describes Resonance Position.
Schrodinger Equation describes Binding Energy.
Schrodinger Equation describes Eigen Space.
Schrodinger Equation describes Correlation Coefficient.
Schrodinger Equation describes Mixing Angle.
Schrodinger Equation describes Interaction Wave Function.
Schrodinger Equation describes Uncertainty.
Long-Range Atom Molecules is the identical to of Feshbach Molecules.
Maximum Binding Energy is the depends on of Scattering Length.
Maximum Binding Energy is the depends on of Range Energy.
Atomic Structure describes Van Der Waals Law.
Li Resonance is the frequency of Hz.
Li Resonance is the frequency of Khz.
Open Channel Region is the constant of Gas Parameter.
Feshbach Molecules is the description of Open Channel Coupling Pairs.
Feshbach Molecules is the dependent on of Binding Energy.
Feshbach Molecules is the dependent on of Density.
Feshbach Molecules is the description of Two-Channel Model.
Two-Channel Model is the determines of Bound State.
Feshbach Molecules is the agrees with of Mixing Energy.
Li Resonance uses Dimensionless Parameter.
Dimensionless Parameter is the assessment of Stability.
P.S. Julienne is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Nygaard is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
A. Jochim is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Bartenstein is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Altmeyer is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Hendl is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Riedl is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
C. Chin is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Hecker Denschlag is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
R. Grimm is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Greiner is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. J. Schmidt is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. C. Jin is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Zwierlein is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. J. Schunck is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. J. A. Raupach is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
S. Gupta is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Hadzibabic is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Ketterle is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Herbig is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Kraemer is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Schmidt is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. - L. Ngerl is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Drr is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Volz is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Marte is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Rempe is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
Y. Xu is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
Y. Mukaiyama is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. M. Al - Shaeer is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. C. Smith is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
M. Marcelis is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. G. J. Van Kempen is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. J. Verhaar is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
S. J. J. M. F. Kokkelmans is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. L. Milstein is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. M. Chiofalo is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. Walser is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.
J. L. Miller is the acknowledgement of Feshbach Molecules.