Gauge/Gravity Duality is the application of Hadronic Physics.
Hadronic Physics attracts Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the incorporate property of Rotational Symmetry Breaking.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the incorporate property of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd is the reproduce of Static Hadronic Observables.
Holographic Dual Models Of Qcd publishs Bottom-Up Model.
Bottom-Up Model is the goal is to reproduce of Extra-Dimensional Ads Bulk.
Thin-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the calculate of Form Factors.
Thin-Wall Ads/Qcd Model is the calculate of Wave Functions Of Mesons.
Thin-Wall Ads/Qcd Model develops Soft-Wall Model.
Soft-Wall Model is the sensitive to of Axial Sector.
Soft-Wall Model is the sensitive to of Infrared (Ir) Symmetry.
Soft-Wall Model is the sensitive to of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Soft-Wall Model is the study of Particle.
Particle is the study of Pion.
Pion is the reproduce of Gell-Mann Oakes Renner Model.
Pion is the calculate of Quark Mass.
Pion is the calculate of Mass Of The Proton.
Pion is the calculate of Pion Coupling.
Pion is the solution formulated of Elementary Wave-Function Problem.
Pion considers Chiral Symmetry Breaking Parameter.
Pion is the fitting to of Chiral Limit.
Chiral Limit considers Two-Flavor Qcd.
Chiral Limit is the work with of Analytic Solutions.
Chiral Limit is the calculate of Effective Interaction Parameter.
Effective Interaction Parameter is the calculate of Phase Space.
Pion is the calculate of Pion Radius.
Pion is the introduce and use of Two Wave Functions.
Two Wave Functions is the study of Magnetic Fields.
Magnetic Fields is the describe of Hard-Wall Experiment.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the describe of Wave Function.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the describe of Eigenvalue Equations.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the describe of Bound States.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the describe of Relation To Experimental Data.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the express in terms of of Exponential Decay Constant.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the express in terms of of Effective Charge Density.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the study of Energy Level.
Hard-Wall Experiment is the correspond to of Kaluza-Type States.
Kaluza-Type States is the correspond to of Transverse Vector Gauge Field.
Transverse Vector Gauge Field is the modes of of Axial-Vector Currents.
Transverse Vector Gauge Field is the correspond to of Physical Mesons.
4D Vector And Axial-Vector Fields is the correspondence of 5D Gauge Fields.
5D Gauge Fields breaks Axial-Vector Gauge Symmetry.
5D Gauge Fields is the physical meaning of Transverse Component.
5D Gauge Fields relates Pion Spin.
5D Gauge Fields is the correspondence of 4D Vector And Axial-Vector Fields.
5D Gauge Fields is the definition of Rotation Matrices.
5D Gauge Fields is the definition of Transverse And Longitudinal Components.
5D Gauge Fields is the cause of Longitudinal Symmetry Breaking.
5D Gauge Fields is the broken of Axial-Vector Gauge Symmetry.
5D Gauge Fields is the physical meaning of Transverse Component.
5D Gauge Fields defines Axial-Vector Gauge Field.
5D Gauge Fields breaks Higgs-Like Coupling.
5D Gauge Fields is the determine mass of Axial-Vector Mesons.
5D Gauge Fields gives Axial-Vector Particle-To-Particle Coupling.
5D Gauge Fields obtains Fundamental Wave Function.
5D Gauge Fields finds Gell-Mann Oakes Renner.
5D Gauge Fields finds Massless Pion.
5D Gauge Fields obtains Perturbative Solution.
5D Gauge Fields is the consist of of High-Current Limit.
5D Gauge Fields is the consist of of Pseudoscalar Particle.
5D Gauge Fields is the consist of of High-Momentum Particle.
5D Gauge Fields is the form of Two-Point Function.
5D Gauge Fields gives Meson Polarization Tensor.
5D Gauge Fields is the form of Three-Point Correlation.
5D Gauge Fields obtains Electromagnetic Form Factor.
5D Gauge Fields obtains Weak Electromagnetic Form Factor.
5D Gauge Fields is the need for of Action Of The Second Order.
5D Gauge Fields considers Contribution From Gauge Terms.
5D Gauge Fields is the work on of 3-Dimensional Field.
5D Gauge Fields is the express as of Bound States In The Axial Sector.
5D Gauge Fields is the transverse projection of Energy-Momentum Vector.
5D Gauge Fields is the orbit of state of Massless Pion.
5D Gauge Fields is the solution of of Transverse Wave Function.
5D Gauge Fields gives Dynamic Factor.
5D Gauge Fields is the transform into of Vector Field-To-Boundary Factor.
5D Gauge Fields takes Transverse Projection.
5D Gauge Fields is the transform into of Dynamic Factor.