Nuclei is the refers to of Approximation.
Variance calculates Higher Order Terms.
Variance calculates Effective Variance.
Free Electrons compares Heavy Systems.
Matrix Elements is the weaker for of Free Electrons.
Box Diagrams is the yields of Advantage.
Box Diagrams is the yields of Disadvantage.
Channel is the accounts for of Mechanism.
Channel is the accounts for of Difference.
Channel provides Core-Polarization Interaction.
Channel is the not important in of Tensorial Contribution.
Channel is the plays role in of Contribution.
Channel is the contribution from of Partial Interactions.
Expansion is the yields of Folded Diagrams.
Trend is the in of Stronger.
States is the observes of Repulsion.
Terms is the due to of Folded-Diagram Expansion.
Terms is the addition of of Third Order.
Terms is the weak for of Interaction.
Authors is the found of Spectra.
Authors is the study of of Spectra.
Authors uses Spectra.
Authors is the in of Spectra.
Authors is the calculations of of Spectra.
Lead is the calculations of of Residual Interaction.
Lead gratifys Residual Interaction.
Convergence is the determines of Taylor Expansion.
Ratios obtains Ratios.
Ratios is the features of of Ratios.
Ratios is the directly proportional to of Ratios.
Ratios gives Quantum Number.
Nucleus uses Model-Space.
Nucleus is the calculations for of Residual Interaction.
Nucleus applys Residual Interaction.
Nucleus is the mainly for of Residuals.
Nucleus applys Residuals.
Nucleus is the matrix elements for of Residuals.
Nucleus is the similar for of Residuals.
Nucleus is the calculate by of Residuals.
Nucleus includes Residuals.
Nucleus is the plus folded diagrams to of Residuals.
Nucleus is the third-order contributions for of Residuals.
Nucleus is the dominate for of Residuals.
Nucleus is the calculate for of Residuals.
Nucleus applys Residuals.
Nucleus describes Residuals.
Nucleus is the acknowledges of Residuals.
Nucleus is the support of of Residuals.
Nucleus is the thanks for of Residuals.
Nucleus uses Residuals.
Nucleus is the in press for of Residuals.
Nucleus is the values for of Residuals.
Nucleus shows Residuals.