Galaxies is the study of Sne.
Surveys is the conducts of Galaxies.
Schmidt is the conducts of Surveys.
Treffers is the conducts of Surveys.
Filippenko is the conducts of Surveys.
Dimai is the conducts of Surveys.
Qiu & Hu is the conducts of Surveys.
Reiss is the conducts of Surveys.
Chang-Li & Maoz is the conducts of Surveys.
Hardin is the conducts of Surveys.
Schaefer is the conducts of Surveys.
Perlmutter is the conducts of Surveys.
Vandenberg is the conducts of Surveys.
Miknaitis is the conducts of Surveys.
Aldering is the conducts of Surveys.
Sne classifys Binary Stars.
Sne classifys Subtypes.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Ia.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Ib.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Ic.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Ii-P.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Ii-L.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Iin.
Subtypes is the subtype of of Iib.
Ia forms White Dwarf.
Ia forms Chandrasekhar Limit.
Ib is the result of of Gravitational Collapse.
Ic is the result of of Gravitational Collapse.
Ii is the result of of Gravitational Collapse.
Sne uses Distance Measurements.
Distance Measurements uses Hubble Diagram.
Hubble Diagram uses Hr Diagram.
Hr Diagram is the describes of Reds##Hifts.
Reds##Hifts is the describes of Cosmological Model.
Sne is the test case for of Gravitational Acceleration.
Gravitational Acceleration is the consistent with of Cosmological Model.
Sne uses Cosmic Ray Measurements.
Cosmic Ray Measurements uses Expanding Universe Method.
Expanding Universe Method uses Visual Magnitude.
Sne reflects Star-Formation History.
Star-Formation History is the of the galaxy of Galaxies.
Star-Formation History leads Fundamental Processes.
Star-Formation History leads Sne Ia.
Star-Formation History leads Cosmological Model.
Sne is the important for of Chemical Composition.
Chemical Composition is the of the galactic medium of Galactic Medium.
Chemical Composition is the of the intracluster medium of Intracluster Medium.
Sne bases Spectroscopic Verification.
Spectroscopic Verification includes Brightness.
Spectroscopic Verification includes Type.
Spectroscopic Verification includes Age.
Sne observes Brightness.
Sne is the relative to the dates of collision or collision activity of Age.
Sne obtains Spectra.
Spectra includes Brightness.
Spectra includes Type.
Spectra includes Age.
Sne is the may not always be easy or reliable of Spectra.
Sne is the currently available of 10-M-Aperture Telescopes.
Sne is the not practical if large numbers are discovered within a short time of Spectroscopy.
Sne is the useful for sne discovered in archival data of Spectroscopy.
Sne expects Spectroscopy.
Sne is the useful for sne for which no spectroscopic methods exist of Spectroscopy.
Multi-Mode Broadband Filters uses Sne.
Sne plots Color Space.
Sne plots Spectral Colors.
Spectral Colors calculates Synthetic Spectral Colors.
Spectral Colors calculates Sn Types.
Spectral Colors calculates Redshift.
Spectral Colors calculates Window.
Spectral Colors calculates Redshift.
Spectral Colors is the wide coverage allows creation of diagrams of Data.
Data is the creation of of Diagrams.
Diagrams populates Sn Types.
Diagrams is the look for regions populated by of Sn Types.
Diagrams is the look for regions populated by various types of Sn Types.
Sne is the supplement with of Brightness Information.
Sne is the supplement with of Variability.
Sne bases Spectral Energy Distribution.
Spectral Energy Distribution is the differentiates between of Physical Properties.
Sne is the relies on of Physical Properties.
Sne bases Spectra.
Spectra is the shows of Hydrogen Lines.
Spectra is the shows of Absorption Trough.
Spectra is the shows of Light Curves.
Spectra is the shows of Temperature.
Spectra is the shows of Emission.
Spectra is the shows of Dark Lines.
Sne is the belongs to of Spectroscopically Defined Subtypes.
Sne includes Rare Events.
Rare Events includes Hypernovae.
Rare Events includes Fainter 1987A - Type Objects.
Rare Events includes Rare ' '.
Spectroscopically Defined Subtypes includes Ii.
Spectroscopically Defined Subtypes includes Iin.
Spectroscopically Defined Subtypes includes Iib.
Sne includes Spectral Types.
Spectral Types includes Ia.
Spectral Types includes Ib.
Spectral Types includes Ic.
Spectral Types includes Ii - P.
Spectral Types includes Ia - P.
Iau Catalog discovers Amateur Astronomers.
Spectral Database includes Spectra.
Spectra obtains Shane ##T - M Reflector.
Spectra obtains Lick Observatory.
Spectra obtains Parallactic Level.
Spectra removes Laser.
Laser removes Single Star.
Theoretical Model corrects Schlegel , Finkbeiner , & Taylor ( 1998 ).
Theoretical Model corrects Light Curve.
Sn 1994D includes Ned @ Xmath26 ##A.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A is the de-redshifted of Spectra.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A is the de-redshifted of Host - Galaxy Redshift.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A is the re-applied of Telluric Filters.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A produces Synthetic Colors.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A uses Johnson - Cousins @ Xmath4.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A uses Bessell @ Xmath27.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A uses Sdss @ Xmath6.
Ned @ Xmath26 ##A displays Color- Color Diagrams.
Color- Color Diagrams displays Template Colors.
Template Colors includes Sn 1994D.
Sn 1994D compares Phillips Et Al . 1995.
Sn 1994D includes Early Sne Ia.
Early Sne Ia includes Ngc 1991T.
Early Sne Ia includes Sn 1991Bg.
Spectral Types includes Core - Collapse Sne.
Sne is the subtype of Sne Ia.
Sne is the subtype of Sne Ii-P.
Sne is the subtype of Sne Ib.
Sne is the subtype of Sne Ic.
Sne is the subtype of Sne 1991T-2.
Sne is the subtype of Sne 1991Bg-2.
Sne is the subtype of Ngc 2000Cx.
Sne is the subtype of 2001Fg.
Sdss is the observation of Sne.
Vanden Berk is the discovery of 2001Fg.
Filippenko is the spectrum analysis of 2001Fg.
Chornock is the spectrum analysis of 2001Fg.
Li is the study of Ngc 2000Cx.
Rhoads is the detection method of Natural Gas Gamma-Ray Burst Afterglows.
Becker is the involvement of Sdss.
Jannuzi is the involvement of Sdss.
York is the involvement of Sdss.
Krisciunas is the collaboration of Krisciunas, Margon, & Szkody.
Rest is the collaboration of Miceli.
Miceli is the collaboration of Krisciunas.
Clusters collects Data.
Clusters is the feasible of Photometric Classification.
Photometric Classification is the supplies of Sdss.
Sdss provides Parameters.
Parameters is the derivation of Host Galaxies.
Parameters is the derivation of Spectroscopy.
Broadband Photometry requires Redshift.
Method is the uses of Broadband Photometry.
Method is the uses of Redshift.
Method is the avoids of Followup.
Method is the uses of Spectroscopy.
Method is the classification of Clusters.
Scientists affiliates University Of California.
Scientists is the analyze of Spectra.
Scientists is the provide of Images.
Scientists is the assist of Light Analysis.
Scientists is the acknowledge of Observatories.
Data is the uses of Nasa / Ipac Data Archive.
Data supports Israel Science Foundation.
Israel Science Foundation provides Grants.
Science Project Collaboration participates Supernova Factory Project.