2Deg is the reacts to of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Magnetic Materials.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Magnetic Superlattices.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Magnetic Waveguides.
Magnetic Field is the leads to of Magnetic Nanostructures.
Magnetic Field makes Magnetic Barrier.
Magnetic Barrier is the selects of Electrons.
Magnetic Barrier is the potential application of Spin Filters.
Magnetic Barrier is the potential application of Detectors.
Magnetic Barrier is the potential application of Spintronics Devices.
Magnetic Barrier is the generates of Metals.
Metals uses Al.
Magnetic Barrier is the generates of Ferromagnet.
Magnetic Barrier is the depends on of Thin Films.
Thin Films haves Internal Saturation Magnetization.
Magnetic Barrier is the utilizes of Top Gate.
Magnetic Barrier is the depends on of Edge Transmission Properties.
Magnetic Barrier is the depends on of Elastic Scattering.
Magnetic Barrier is the depends on of Thermal Smearing.
Magnetic Barrier is the depends on of Conductors.
Magnetic Barrier is the determines of Edge Drift.
Magnetic Barrier is the determines of Electron Density.
Magnetic Barrier is the describes of Sample Preparation.
Magnetic Barrier is the describes of Experimental Setup.
Magnetic Barrier is the describes of Measurement Results.
Measurement Results is the relates to of Non-Classical Approach.
Non-Classical Approach is the relates to of Application.
Measurement Results is the describes of Summary.
Measurement Results is the describes of Discussion.
Heterostructure locates Surface.
Surface uses Optical Microscopy.
Surface uses Chemical Methods.
Heterostructure coats Dysprosium.
Dysprosium coats Fe/Fe Gate Layer.
Fe/Fe Gate Layer uses Liquid Helium Cryostat.
Liquid Helium Cryostat is the maintains of Temperature Regime.
Liquid Helium Cryostat is the contains of Rotating Sample Chamber.
Rotating Sample Chamber is the orients of Magnetic Field.
Rotating Sample Chamber is the determines of Electron Mobility.
Rotating Sample Chamber is the measures of Metric Tensor.
Metric Tensor is the affects of Hall Effect.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Magnetic Properties.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Electron Capture Mass.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Magnetoresistivity.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Fringe Field.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Edge Roughness.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Magnetization.
Magnetic Field uses Hall Measurements.
Magnetic Field uses Pulse.
Pulse is the generates of Barrier Voltage.
Pulse is the measures of Hall Voltage.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Micromagnetic Effect.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Diffusive Model.
Diffusive Model is the assumes of Bulk Dysprosium.
Bulk Dysprosium is the affects of Barrier Resistance.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Temperature.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Crystal Imperfections.
Magnetic Field is the injects into of Electrons.
Electrons is the models of Billiard Model.
Billiard Model bases Landauer-Büttiker Formalism.
Billiard Model includes Scattering.
Billiard Model is the excites of Doping Layer.
Doping Layer is the interacts with of Electron Carriers.
Doping Layer is the forms of _ _ __ _.
Gaussian Distribution is the describes of Scattering Angles.
Simulation is the assumption of Normal Distribution.
Normal Distribution is the assumption of Scattering Angles.
Normal Distribution is the describes of Standard Deviation.
Normal Distribution is the describes of Centered.
Normal Distribution is the describes of Parallel.
Simulation follows Time Of Flight.
Time Of Flight follows Scattering Events.
Scattering Events follows Poisson Distribution.
Poisson Distribution is the describes of Expectation Value.
Scattering Events is the change of Angles.
Angles is the describes of Initial Scattering Angle.
Angles is the describes of Final Scattering Angle.
Angles is the describes of Distribution Function.
Distribution Function is the describes of Previously Determined Values.
Simulation is the assumption of Resistance.
Simulation is the remark of Insensitive.
Simulation is the remark of High Probability.
Simulation is the remark of Low Probability.
Resistance is the remark of Small Fields.
Resistance obtains Expectation Values.
Magnetic Field injects Electrons.
Electrons is the describes of Fermi Energy.
Simulation determines Transmission.
Transmission is the describes of Conductance.
Conductance is the describes of Number Of Electrons.
Conductance is the describes of Optical Constant.
Simulation is the remark of Contact Resistance.
Contact Resistance is the describes of Electronextended 2Deg.
Contact Resistance is the describes of Full Bar.
Contact Resistance is the not of Converge.
Simulation calculates Total Flux.
Total Flux is the across of Barrier.
Barrier is the for of Carrier Density.
Barrier is the maps of Magnetization.
Simulation shows Results.
Results is the subject to of Magnetization.
Results is the subject to of Light Smearing.
Results is the subject to of Spin Scattering.
Results is the subject to of Magnetic Drift Effects.
Simulation increases Phase Change.
Phase Change is the induced of Magnetic Barrier.
Magnetic Barrier is the can be of Increased.
Magnetic Barrier is the observe of Quantum Tunneling.
Magnetic Barrier is the increase of Spin Polarization.
Simulation reduces Larger Hall.
Larger Hall reduces Density.
Simulation is the define of Soft Edges.
Soft Edges reduces Transmission.
Simulation is the define of Hard Edges.
Hard Edges is the in of Magnetic Fields.
Simulation reduces Deposition.
Deposition is the under of Thin-Films.
Thin-Films reduces Saturation Magnetization.
Model is the model of Magnetic Barrier Structures.
Magnetic Barrier Structures is the for of Tunable Optical Filters.
David Jenkins is the critical editing of Manuscript.
David Jenkins is the collaboration of Hengyi Xu.
Financial Support is the by of Heinrich-Heine-Universität Düsseldorf.