Random Walk Algorithm proposes Xcite.
Ffs is the variant of of Xcite.
Ffs is the similar to of Bfs.
Ffs is the randomly selected neighbor of Xmath16.
Bfs is the useful for of Xcite.
Greedy Sampling proposes Xcite.
Greedy Sampling uses P2P Network Strategy.
Ds proposes Xcite.
Ds selects Xmath20.
Ds selects Xmath21.
Ds requires Xmath22.
Sec bases Sample-Count.
Sec bases Xcite.
Network Reach proposes Xcite.
Community Reach proposes Xcite.
Discovery Quotient proposes Xcite.
Sec is the examines of Biases.
Sec is the examines of Applications.
Sec is the strategy of Reach.
Sec is the strategy of Communities.
Sec is the strategy of Clusters.
Sec is the strategy of Nodes.
Sec is the strategy of Connections.
Sec is the strategy of Members.
Sec is the strategy of Sample.
Ds Strategy is the selects of High Degree Nodes.
Ds Strategy is the selects of Network.
Bfs Strategy is the explore of Online Social Networks.
Bfs Strategy is the explore of Graph Graphs.
Random Walks is the analyzes of Directed Graphs.
Random Walks is the analyzes of Stationary Probability.
Degree Sampling is the analyzes of Peer-To-Peer Networks.
Positive Results is the focuses on of Positive Results.
Positive Results is the contrasts with of Negative Results.
Xs Method is the outperforms of Communities.
Xs Method is the approximates of Sec Strategy.
Xs Method is the locates of Link-Connected Nodes.
Conductance is the measures of Edge.
Conductance is the measures of Community Structure.
Random Network haves Expansion Rate.
Random Network haves Power Law Directed Graph.
Random Network haves Node.
Prop is the compares of Nodes.
Prop is the compares of Edge.
Outbreak Detection is the detects of Viral Outbreak.
Outbreak Detection is the detects of Social Network.
Outbreak Detection is the detects of H1N1 Virus.
Outbreak Detection is the detects of College Students.
Outbreak Detection is the identifies of Well-Connected Individuals.
Outbreak Detection is the prevents of Immunization.
Outbreak Detection is the prevents of Node Identification.
Outbreak Detection is the compares of Acq Strategy.
Outbreak Detection bases Friendship Paradox.
Outbreak Detection is the tests of Sampling.
Outbreak Detection is the identifies of Sampling.
Outbreak Detection is the detects of Outbreak.
Outbreak Detection is the compares of Sec Method.
Outbreak Detection is the compares of Acq Method.
Outbreak Detection is the performs better than of Sec Method.
Outbreak Detection is the performs worse than of Acq Method.
Outbreak Detection is the zeroes in on of Sec Method.
Outbreak Detection is the dependent on of Acq Method.
Outbreak Detection is the exploits of Sec.
Outbreak Detection is the applies of Sec.
Word-Of-Mouth Marketing is the application of Landmark-Based Approaches.
Landmark-Based Approaches is the compute of Network Reach.
Landmark-Based Approaches is the yield of Discovery Ratio.
Landmark-Based Approaches is the select of Sampling Bias.
Network Reach provides Quotient.
Network Reach is the best be sampled of Sampling Bias.
Network Reach is the low on reach measures of Bfs.
Bfs is the bias towards of Node Frequencies.
Bfs is the approximation of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the accumulate of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the accumulate of Node Frequencies.
Sampling Bias is the different from well-connected nodes of Node Frequencies.
Sampling Bias is the newer parts of network of Node Frequencies.
Sampling Bias is the non-expansion nodes of Node Frequencies.
Sampling Bias is the good approximation of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the accumulate of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the different from well-connected nodes of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the newer parts of network of High Degree Nodes.
Sampling Bias is the non-expansion nodes of High Degree Nodes.
High Degree Nodes is the enhance of Disease-Prevention.
High Degree Nodes is the enhance of Education.