Electro-Magnetic Particles is the study behavior of of Photon.
Photon is the study behavior in of Quark-Proton Plasma.
Photon is the measure temperature of of Energy Distribution.
Photon is the measure temperature of of Rate Of Decay.
Photon is the escape plasma without interaction of Hadron Decay Processes.
Photon is the produce immediately after plasma is formed of Photon Pair Of Momentum.
Realpair Of Momentum is the decay per unit mass and energy of Rate Of Decay.
Photon Pair Of Momentum is the decay per unit mass and energy of Retarded Spin Polarisation Tensor.
Photon Pair Of Momentum is the necessary when of Quantum Number.
Photon Pair Of Momentum is the describe interactions of of Weak Interaction Interactions.
Weak Interaction Interactions is the interactions of of Holes And Electrons.
Weak Interaction Interactions is the interactions in of Plasma.
Weak Interaction Interactions relates String Theory.
Properties is the discuss of One-Dimensional Approximation.
One-Dimensional Approximation is the mention of Phenomenological Consequences.
Properties is the discuss of Order Corrections.
Properties is the discuss of Energy Scale.
Properties is the discuss of Soft Scale.
Properties is the discuss of Effective Lagrangian.
Effective Lagrangian is the calculate in perturbation theory of Observables.
Observables gives Photon Production Rate.
Photon Production Rate shows Diagrams.
Photon Production Rate relates Thermal Expansion.
Quark relates Thermal Expansion.
Large Constant Term is the dominating by of Small Term.
Two-Loop Diagrams is the eliminate effect of of One-Loop Diagram.
Two-Loop Diagrams contains One-Loop Diagram.
Two-Loop Diagrams is the concentrate on of One-Loop Diagram.
Two-Loop Diagrams is the corresponds to of Bremsstrahlung.
Bremsstrahlung is the part of process of Photon.
Bremsstrahlung is the part of process of Spin-Antiquark Annihilation Process.
Hard Momentum modifys Strong Gauge Singularities.
Total Hard Momentum is the vanish when in collinear direction of Non-Interacting Fermion Type.
Total Hard Momentum is the vanish from calculation of Cut-Off.
Kinematic Case enhances Two-Loop Diagram.
Two-Loop Diagrams is the deals with of Decay Of The Photon.
Two-Loop Diagrams includes Lifetime Of The Particles.
Two-Loop Diagrams is the lead to of Increase In Order Of Magnitude.
Two-Loop Diagrams haves Heavy Ion Collisions.
Chemical Equilibrium is the predictions based on of Second Order.
Perturbative Expansion is the convergence to of Effective Temperature.
Ladder Diagrams is the analysis of of Three-Loop Ladder Diagram.
Three-Loop Ladder Diagram is the similar to of Magnetic Mass Problem.
Kinetic Equation is the regime of of Magnetic Mass Problem.
Local Coupling Rate is the dependent on of Field Lines.
Field Lines is the use with of Closed-Form Method.
Closed-Form Method includes Damping Of.
Damping Of is the production of of Virtual Photon.
Virtual Photon is the dominates in of Bremsstrahlung Emission.
Virtual Photon is the receives signal from of Annihilation With Scattering Effects.
Real And Imaginary Parts controls Virtual Photon Production.
Mean Free Path relates Formation Time.
Light-Scattering is the affects of Two-Loop Calculation.
Thomson-Pomeranchuk-Migdal (Lpm) Effect takes Two-Loop Calculation.
External Sources is the close to of Z-Cone.