Nano-Scale is the influence of Magnetic Properties.
Surface Effects is the influence of Magnetic Properties.
Magnetic Nanoparticles is the influence of Magnetic Properties.
Magnetic Properties provides Framework.
Magnetic Properties provides Scientific Applications.
Magnetic Properties provides Technological Applications.
Magnetic Properties provides Biomedical Applications.
Magnetic System is the dominance of Surface Effects Dominance.
Surface Effects Dominance is the leads to of Magnetic Phenomena.
Magnetic System is the comparison of Bulk Materials.
Experimental Field is the allows fabrication of of Magnetic Nanoscaled Materials.
Magnetic Nanomaterials is the subject of study of Magnetization.
Magnetic Nanowires is the applications in of Nanotechnology.
Theoretical Studies is the focuses on of Magnetic Properties.
Theoretical Studies is the focuses on of Nanowire Properties.
Nanowire Properties is the influence of Magnetic Properties.
Magnetic Properties is the study of of Equilibrium Properties.
Magnetic Properties is the study of of Nonequilibrium Phase Transition Properties.
Equilibrium Properties is the utilizes of Magnetic Field Theory.
Equilibrium Properties is the utilizes of Electric-Field Theory.
Equilibrium Properties is the utilizes of Greening Formalism.
Equilibrium Properties is the utilizes of Variational Cumulant Analysis.
Equilibrium Properties is the utilizes of Monte Carlo Simulations.
Monte Carlo Simulations is the focuses on of Ac Bias Effect.
Core-Shell Nanoparticles is the exhibits of Feedback Mechanism.
Feedback Mechanism is the affects of Compensation Points.
Compensation Points is the comparison of Ferrimagnetic Materials.
Compensation Points is the comparison of Compensation Point Origin.
Compensation Point Origin is the explains of Atomic Number Dependence.
Magnetic Materials is the comparison of Compensation Points.
Dynamics In Nanoparticle Systems is the leads to of Critical Phenomena.
Core-Shell Morphology is the applies to of Equilibrium Systems.
Core-Shell Morphology is the applies to of Ferrimagnetic Nanostructures.
Ferrimagnetic Nanostructures is the explains of Magnetic Properties.
Ferrimagnetic Nanostructures is the influence of Compensation Behavior.
Compensation Behavior is the consideration as of Nanoscaled Magnets.
Nanoscaled Magnets is the applications as of Nanowires.
Nanoscaled Magnets is the applications as of Nanotubes.
Dynamic Phase Transition is the leads to of Dynamic Order Factor.
Dynamic Order Factor is the utilizes of Glauber Theory Of Nonlinear Dynamics.
Dynamic Phase Transition is the focuses on of Cylindrical Ising Nanowire.
Cylindrical Ising Nanowire is the influence of Time-Dependent Magnetic Field.
Cylindrical Ising Nanowire is the influence of Temperature.
Cylindrical Ising Nanowire is the subject of study of Dynamic Dependencies.
Dynamic Dependencies is the analysis of of Dynamic Loop.
Dynamic Dependencies is the analysis of of Hysteresis Loop.
Dynamic Dependencies is the analysis of of Feedback Loop.
Dynamic Loop is the influence of Time-Dependent Temperature.
Dynamic Loop is the relationship between of Feedback Loop.
Dynamic Loop is the relationship between of Magnetic Field.
Dynamic Loop is the effect on of Power-Law Scaling.
Power-Law Scaling is the influence of Spin-Locking Resonances.
Power-Law Scaling is the influence of Spin-Tilting Resonances.
Dispersion Of Dynamic Hysteresis is the subject of study of Numerical Simulations.
Dispersion Of Dynamic Hysteresis is the subject of study of Heisenberg Models.
Phase Transition Properties is the comparison of Nonequilibrium Counterparts.
Nonequilibrium Counterparts is the influence of External Magnetic Field Influence.
Nonequilibrium Counterparts is the focuses on of Linear Relationships.
Linear Relationships is the relationship between of Magnetic Moments.
Linear Relationships is the relationship between of Structure Behavior.
Physical Facts Clarification is the aims to clarify of Nonequilibrium Situation.
Nonequilibrium Situation is the utilizes of Ultrafast Laser Fields.
Nonequilibrium Situation is the utilizes of Metropolis Algorithm.
Metropolis Algorithm is the calculates of Dynamic Order Parameters.
Dynamic Order Parameters is the calculates of Total Energy.
Total Energy is the determines of Specific Heat.
Specific Heat is the determines of Absolute Critical Temperature.
Absolute Critical Temperature is the determines of Compensation Points Definition.
Compensation Points Definition is the focuses on of Dynamic Phase Space Properties.
Dynamic Phase Space Properties is the investigates of Alpha Particle Presence.
Dynamic Phase Space Properties is the analyzes of Hysteretic Response.
Dynamic Phase Space Properties is the analyzes of Magnetic Properties Dependence.
Xmath2 is the interface coupling of Xmath59.
Xmath59 is the phase transition modeling of Xmath60.
Xmath60 is the oscillation period of Xmath61.
Xmath61 is the amplitude increase of Xmath49.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude influence of Xmath62.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath13.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath75.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath76.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath77.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath43.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath79.
Xmath61 is the field amplitude effect of Xmath80.
Xmath2 is the interface coupling effect of Xmath13.
Xmath1 is the exchange interaction effect of Xmath74.
Xmath75 is the magnetization comparison of Xmath76.
Xmath75 is the magnetization effect of Xmath1.
Xmath76 is the magnetization effect of Xmath1.