High-Redshift Galaxies is the involves of Study.
Galaxy Evolution Models is the explains of Number Densities.
Galaxy Evolution Models is the explains of Properties.
Recent Studies is the poses questions of Morphologies.
Recent Studies reveals Morphologies.
Recent Studies is the debate of Fundamental Spectral Type.
Local Universe reveals Bimodality.
Local Universe is the forms sequence of Spheroidal Galaxies.
Local Universe makes Disk Galaxies.
Recent Studies provides Disk-Dominated Systems.
Chemical Processes is the drives of Star-Formation.
Chemical Processes is the different from of Physical Transformations.
High-Mass Spiral Galaxies is the shows contrast of General Population Of Massive Galaxies.
Candels is the provide of Near-Infrared F160W Observations.
Candels is the enable of Depth.
Candels is the enable of Temporal Resolution.
Candels is the enable of Precision.
Study selects Sample.
Sample bases Optical Observations.
Sample bases Stellar Mass Estimates.
Stellar Mass Estimates determines Stellar Mass Density Function.
Stellar Mass Estimates determines Chabrier Stellar Density Function.
Sample provides Sample.
Sample is the consists of of Nearly Mass-Complete Sample.
Sample determines Objects.
Galfit Morphology Fitting Method is the determines of Morphological Properties.
Galfit Morphology Fitting Method is the determines for of Objects.
Galfit Morphology Fitting Method employs Components.
Components is the produce of Multiple Component Morphology Fits.
Components combines Morphological Parameters.
Mass Density is the changes during of Galaxies.
Redshifts divides Morphological Classification.
Morphological Classification measures Bulge-Dominated Decompositions.
Morphological Classification divides Sample.
Sample divides Bulge-Dominated.
Sample divides Disk-Dominated.
Sample divides Morphological Classification.
Sample allows Morphological Classification.
Panels sees Objects.
Panels is the illustrate of Evolutionary Stage.
Evolutionary Stage dominates Objects.
Evolutionary Stage is the become of Mixed Bulge + Disk Systems.
Evolutionary Stage is the emerge of Pure-Bulges.
Evolutionary Stage is the still have of Thin Disk Component.
Local Galaxy Population classifys Pure-Bulges.
Local Galaxy Population defines Pure-Bulges.
Results is the challenge of Models Of Star Formation.
Results is the account for of Models Of Star Formation.
Results is the emergence of of Models Of Star Formation.
Results is the make use of of Sed Fitting Method.
Sed Fitting Method is the determine of Relationship.
Relationship is the determines of Star-Formation Activity.
Relationship is the determines of Morphological Type.
Relationship is the shows of Star-Formation Activity.
Relationship is the shows of Morphological Type.
Results searchs Spitzer Telescope Imaging.
Results finds Blue Stars.
Results haves Blue Stars.
Results is the indicate of Colour-Space Plane Bimodality.
Colour-Space Plane Bimodality is the inhabit of Spheroidal Galaxies.
Colour-Space Plane Bimodality is the inhabit of Elliptical Galaxies.
Colour-Space Plane Bimodality is the contain of Star-Forming Bulge-Dominated Objects.
Colour-Space Plane Bimodality is the contain of Disk-Dominated Objects.
Regions occupys Disk Galaxies.
Regions identifys Disk-Free Disks.
Regions defines Disk-Dominated.
Regions is the lie within of Disk Galaxies.
Population is the indicates of Disk Galaxies.
Star-Formation transforms Disk Galaxy.
Star-Formation is the causes of Spiral Merger.
Hydrodynamical Simulations is the feeds through of Star-Formation.
Analytic Theories is the suggests of Star-Formation.
Analytic Theories is the feeds through of Star-Formation.
Analytic Theories is the feeds through of Star-Formation.
Analytic Theories is the feeds through of Star-Formation.
Active Disk Material is the account for of Star-Formation Processes.
Active Disk Material couples Active Disk Material.
Quenching couples Star-Formation Processes.