Power Grid is the operation of Electricity Prices.
Power Grid is the requirement of Grid Structure.
Power Grid is the estimation of State Variables.
Remote Sensing Units is the transmission of Central Control Center.
Rtus is the transmission of Central Control Center.
Rtus is the measurement of Grid Components.
Measurements is the analysis of Central Control Center.
Measurements is the calculation of Grid Prices.
Measurements is the classification of Meter Readings.
Measurements is the classification of Breaker Status.
Breaker Status is the creation of Topology.
Meter Readings is the determination of State Variables.
Measurements is the detection of Noise.
Noise is the detection of Source.
Noise is the detection of Communication.
Noise is the detection of Control Center.
Noise is the use of Reduction.
Redundant Sensors is the reduction of Noise.
Redundant Sensors is the use of Detection.
Redundant Sensors is the use of Correction Techniques.
Cyber-Attacks is the reference of Manipulation.
Cyber-Attacks is the reference of Attacker.
Data Attacks is the focus of Cyber-Attacks.
Hidden Data Attacks is the focus of Data Attacks.
Hidden Data Attacks is the injection of Malicious Code.
Hidden Data Attacks is the discussion of Literature.
Security Attacks is the focus of Data Attacks.
Security Attacks is the involvement of Privacy.
Security Attacks is the involvement of Data Integrity.
Security Attacks is the change of Floating Point Meter Data.
Resources is the requirement of Data.
Resources is the requirement of Synchronization.
Resources is the requirement of Times.
Jamming is the method of Theft.
Jamming is the method of Destruction.
Jamming is the target of Equipment.
Signal Loss is the occurrence of Communication.
Breaker-Jammer Attack is the development of Authors.
Breaker-Jammer Attack is the requirement of Grid Topology.
Graph Coloring Technique is the application of Graph Algorithms.
Graph Coloring Technique is the analysis of Design.
Graph Coloring Technique is the guidance of Feasible Attacks.
Graph Coloring Technique is the description of Attack.
Boundary Bus is the differentiation of Interior Buses.
Boundary Bus is the connection of Interior Buses.
Injection Meter is the placement of Boundary Bus.
Injection Meter is the connection of Dead Lines.
Reduced Weighted Average is the construction of Graph Algorithms.
Supernode reduces Graphcoloring.
Xmath13 is the different colors of Xmath14.
Xmath13 is the numeric value of Xmath65.
Xmath67 corresponds Xmath68.
Xmath62 is the unique solution for of Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the after adversarial attack of Xmath71.
Xmath66 is the solution of of Xmath57.
Xmath72 is the number of of Xmath73.
Xmath66 involves Xmath73.
Xmath66 is the computation of susceptance of Xmath62.
Xmath62 identifys Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the number of linear constraints of Xmath73.
Xmath62 is the greater than or equal to of Xmath73.
Xmath62 needs Xmath73.
Xmath62 is the unique weight estimation of Xmath73.
Xmath74 is the exist on right side of of Xmath62.
Xmath74 derives Xmath62.
Xmath74 is the will not cancel out of Xmath62.
Xmath74 is the under normal operations of Xmath62.
Xmath74 is the mutually independent of Xmath62.
Xmath74 gives Xmath62.
Xmath62 bases Xmath57.
Xmath62 summarizes Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the provide conditions of Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the provide tool of Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the select flow measurements of Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the implementation is achieved through of Xmath57.
Xmath62 develops Xmath57.
Xmath62 is the core of security work of Xmath57.
Xmath81 bases Xmath82.