Efar Project is the objective of Physical Properties.
Efar Project is the focus of Early-Type Galaxies.
Efar Project embodys Galactic Plane.
Physical Properties is the measure distances of Clusters Of Galaxies.
Physical Properties is the determine of Mass Distribution.
Physical Properties is the affect of Dynamical Structure.
Physical Properties is the impact of Evolutionary History.
Stellar Population is the measure star formation rates of Color Magnitude Relation.
Stellar Population is the compare of Stellar Populations.
G-Type Stars is the investigate of Stellar Formation History.
G-Type Stars is the analyze of Stellar Populations.
Environmental Interactions is the affect of Relative Distances.
Environmental Interactions is the find differences of Zeropoint.
Field And Cluster Ellipticals is the study of Star Formation.
Field And Cluster Ellipticals is the compare of Individual Galaxies.
Dataset obtains Velocity Dispersions.
Dataset is the calculate of Lineindices.
Dataset is the measure of Central Velocity Dispersions.
Dataset is the estimate of Errors.
Dataset is the use of Redshifts.
Dataset is the determine of Masses.
Dataset is the collect of Linestrength Measurements.
Atomic Index is the choose of Molecular Index.
Atomic Index is the measure of Angular Width.
Monte Carlo Simulations develops Likelihoods.
Least Squares uses Orthogonal Residuals.
Orthogonal Residuals mentions Jrgensen 1996.
Least Squares uses Linear Regression Program.
Linear Regression Program develops J. D. Feigelson.
Linear Regression Program mentions Isobe 1990.
Linear Regression Program mentions Feigelson & Babu 1992.
Residuals is the about of Scatter.
Residuals is the about of Distributions.
Scatter relates Positive Residual.
Positive Residual describes Burstein 1988.
Large Ellipticals haves Intrinsically Large Mg Linestrengths.
Ml Fit estimates Outliers.
Ml Fit estimates Observed Distribution Of Galaxies.
Ml Fit uses Bivariate Gaussian Distribution.
Bivariate Gaussian Distribution uses Monte Carlo Simulations.
Monte Carlo Simulations is the compute of Intrinsic Distance.
Intrinsic Distance computes Half-Power.
Intrinsic Distance relates Scatter.
Scatter uses Likelihood Ratio.
Likelihood Ratio uses Global Fit.
Global Fit computes Average Offset.
Average Offset bases Cluster-To-Cluster Basis.
Cluster-To-Cluster Basis limits Cluster Members.
Cluster-To-Cluster Basis is the investigate of Zeropoint Offsets.
Zeropoint Offsets computes Scatter Of The Zeropoint Offsets.
Scatter Of The Zeropoint Offsets relates Uniform Relations.
Uniform Relations relates Relative Distances.
Cluster Properties is the affect of Stellar Populations.
Cluster Properties is the affect of Cluster Velocity Variations.
Cluster Properties is the affect of X-Ray Luminosities.
Cluster Properties is the affect of X-Ray Temperatures.
X-Ray Luminosities calculates Abell Clusters.
X-Ray Temperatures calculates Abell Clusters.
Abell Clusters is the part of of Efar Sample.
Stellar Populations relates Zeropoint Offsets.
Zeropoint Offsets computes Spearman Rank Correlation Coefficient.
Zeropoint Offsets relates Slope Of The Zeropoints.
Galaxy Population is the affect of Stellar Evolution.
Galaxy Population is the affect of Star-Formation History.
Local Co-Density relates Early-Type Cluster.
Local Co-Density relates Local Density.
Local Density is the correlate with of Mass Dispersion.
Local Density is the correlate with of Mass Dispersion.
Local Density is the correlate with of Mass Dispersion.
Mass Dispersion is the correlate with of Cluster Mass.
Mass Dispersion is the correlate with of Cluster Mass.
Mass Dispersion is the correlate with of Mass Versus Linestrength.
Chemical Enrichment is the affect of Stellar Populations Of P-Type Galaxies.
Ml Model is the describes of Intrinsic Scatter.
Ml Model is the describes of Galaxies.
Ml Model is the describes of Clusters.
Observations derives Intrinsic Scatter.
Observations is the describes of Clusters.
Parameters is the defines of Global Relation.
Parameters is the defines of Local Zeropoints.
Parameters is the defines of Fp Estimate.
Parameters is the defines of Rms Errors.
Stellar Distance is the relates to of Clusters.
Stellar Population Differences is the relates to of Galaxies.
Stellar Population Models is the uses of Worthey.
Stellar Population Models is the uses of Vazdekis.
Logarithmic Time is the defines of Parameters.
Metallicity is the defines of Parameters.
Mass-To-Light Ratio is the defines of Parameters.
Early-Type Stars is the uses of Stellar Population Models.
Single Stellar Population Models is the defines of Mass Ratios.
Single Stellar Population Models is the defines of Metallicity Indices.
Galactic Linestrengths is the compares of Models.
Mg is the relates to of Galaxies.
Dark Matter is the contributes to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Radiation is the contributes to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Temperature is the contributes to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Gravity is the contributes to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Broken Symmetry is the contributes to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Universe is the impacts of Intrinsic Scatter.
Luminosity is the affects of Intrinsic Scatter.
Surface Brightness is the affects of Intrinsic Scatter.
Galactic Plane is the relates to of Intrinsic Scatter.
Probability Distributions is the applies to of Galaxies.
Chemical Enrichment is the relates to of Galaxies.
Star-Formation History is the impacts of Galaxies.
Kjrgaard is the author of Mnras.
Jrgensen is the author of Franx.
Jrgensen is the author of Kjrgaard.
Kauffmann is the author of Mnras.
Kauffmann is the author of Charlot.
Kelson is the author of Van Dokkum.
Kelson is the author of Franx.
Kelson is the author of Illingworth.
Kodama is the author of Arimoto.
Kodama is the author of Arimoto.
Kodama is the author of Barger.
Kodama is the author of Aragn - Salamanca.
Lucey is the author of Guzmn.
Lucey is the author of Smith.
Peletier is the author of Phd Thesis.
Smith is the author of Teukolsky.
Smith is the author of Vetterling.
Smith is the author of Flannery.
Renzini is the author of Ciotti.
Saglia is the author of Burstein.
Saglia is the author of Baggley.
Saglia is the author of Bertschinger.
Saglia is the author of Colless.
Saglia is the author of Davies.
Saglia is the author of Mcmahan.
Saglia is the author of Wegner.
Stanford is the author of Handbook Of Elastic Scale Measurements.
Schweizer is the author of Seitzer.
Schweizer is the author of Faber.
Schweizer is the author of Dalle Ore.
Schweizer is the author of Gonzlez.
Shioya is the author of Bekki.
Faber is the author of Eisenhardt.
Faber is the author of Wang.
Tan##Talo is the author of Chiosi.
Tan##Talo is the author of Bressan.
Trager is the author of Doctoral Dissertation.
Trager is the author of Worthey.
Trager is the author of Davies.
Trager is the author of Burstein.
Trager is the author of Gonzlez.
Van Dokkum P . G . is the author of Franx.
Van Dokkum P . G . is the author of Kelson.
Van Dokkum P . G . is the author of Illingworth.
Vazdekis is the author of Casuso.
Vazdekis is the author of Peletier.
Vazdekis is the author of Beckman.
Wegner is the author of Colless.
Wegner is the author of Baggley.
Wegner is the author of Davies.
Wegner is the author of Bertschinger.
Wegner is the author of Burstein.
Wegner is the author of Mcmahan.
Wegner is the author of Saglia.
Worthey is the author of Smith.