Nuclear Multifragmentation is the interaction potential of Electron.
Nuclear Multifragmentation is the interaction potential of Nucleon.
Nuclear Multifragmentation is the interaction potential of Van Der Waals Interaction.
Liquid-Gas Phase Transition In Nuclear Matter searchs Liquid-Gas Phase Transition.
Caloric Curve reports Aladin Group.
Caloric Curve observes Energy.
Caloric Curve associates Liquid-Gas Phase Transition In Nuclear Matter.
Caloric Curve provides Motivations.
Eos follows Indra.
Reaction is the total energy of of Spectator Particles.
Reaction is the expectation value of of Equilibrium.
Reaction is the correspond to of Pre-Equilibrium.
Reaction is the correspond to of Pre-Break-Up.
Smm Experiments is the variation of of Nonequilibrium Parts.
Smm Experiments is the total energy variation of of 600 Mev/Nucleon.
Statistical Multifragmentation is the not strictly satisfying of Microcanonical Laws.
Smm is the commonly used approaches of Mmmc.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model is the brought to of Improvements.
Improvements is the concerns both of Break-Up Stages.
Improvements is the concerns both of Primary Particle Capture Stage.
Discrete Energy Levels replaces Level Density.
Fragment knows Excitation Energies.
Thomas-Type Theory derives Fragment.
Fragment takes Relative Change.
Fragment compares Excitation Energies.
Weisskopf Theory is the account for of Particle.
Particle produces Fragment.
Particle is the highest of Energy States.
Particle is the energy of of Particle.
Particle binds Particle.
Particle is the for of Inverse Reaction Cross-Section.
Quantum Monte Carlo dos Parametrization.
Parametrization is the from of Fragment.
Fragment is the dependent on of Energy.
Primary Break-Up Simulation is the entire sequence of of Break-Up Events.
Microcanonical Multifragmentation Model is the presents of Temperature Curves.
Temperature Curves corresponds Freeze-Out Regions.
Temperature Curves evaluates Temperature.
Temperature Curves is the temperature of of Source.
Heat Capacities is the as a function of of Constant Temperature.
Heat Capacities is the as a function of of Temperature.
Heat Capacities is the calculable in of Total Volume Heat Equation.
Phase Transition determines Transition Temperatures.
Transition Temperatures is the as a function of of System Dimension.
Neutron is the individual of Charge.
Neutron is the charge of of Charge.
Neutron is the bound charge of of Bound Charge.
Equilibrated Source Sequence is the evaluations of of Decay Energies.
Uncorrected Albergo Model uses Temperature.
Temperature uses Qsm.
Temperature uses Smm.
Temperature uses Mmc-Predictions.
Background Light Intensity is the by increasing of Improved.
L.P.Csernai collaborates G.Fai.
L.P.Csernai collaborates J.Randrup.
G.Fai collaborates Y.Fai.
G.Fai collaborates J.Csernai.
G.Fai collaborates J.Randrup.
Y.Fai collaborates J.Csernai.
Y.Fai collaborates J.Randrup.
Y.Fai collaborates Y.Wang.
J.Pochodzalla collaborates J.G.Hauger.
J.G.Hauger collaborates J.Schuttauf.
J.Schuttauf collaborates J.Pochodzalla.
J.Pochodzalla collaborates J.Trautmann.
Hongfei collaborates A.W.Mueller.
J.R.Raduta collaborates J.R.Raduta.
Al.H.Raduta collaborates Ad.R.Raduta.
J.P.Bondorf collaborates A.S.Botvina.
J.P.Bondorf collaborates A.S.Iljinov.
J.P.Bondorf collaborates I.N.Mishustin.
J.P.Bondorf collaborates J.Sneppen.
J.A.M.Smith collaborates A.Koonin.
A.Weisskopf collaborates G.Donangelo.
A.Dostrovsky collaborates A.Fraenkel.
A.Dostrovsky collaborates A.Friedlander.
A.A.Raduta collaborates A.A.Raduta.