Multifractal Functions is the analyze of Xmath1.
Xmath1 is the developed of Xcite.
Fractional Tail is the analyze of Xmath1.
Power-Law Tail is the tail of Cumulative Distribution.
Exponent is the solution of Equation.
Exponent is the maximum solution of Xmath5.
Equation solves Xmath6.
Maximum Value is the maximum value of Small Scales.
Random Function is the of order of Order.
Random Function is the analyze of Xmath10.
Local Observability determines Power-Law Tail.
Multifractality restricts Finite Number Of Scales.
Difference is the determines of Analysis.
Power-Law Tails studys Synthetic Random Functions.
Random Multiplicative Functions uses Kesten-Type Functions.
Feigenbaum Invariant Measure is the occurs at of Accumulation Point.
Orbit Doubling disappears Feigenbaum Measure.
Feigenbaum Measure determines Scaling Exponents.
Functions applys Partial Derivative Method.
Invariant Measures is the determine of Multifractal Properties.
Spectrum Of Singularities is the determine of Measures.
Measure is the use to determine of Moments.
Invariant Measure is the start with of Distributions.
Methods bes Equivalent.
Methods is the equivalent of Cumulative Distribution Function.
Partial Derivative Method is the apply to of Integral.
Sections dedicates Thermodynamic Theory.
Sections is the recall methods in of Dynamics.
Sections is the note relationship to of Connection.
Formalism connects Multifractal Formalism.
Sections is the calculate of Numerical Free Energy.
Sections is the discuss of Fraclap.
Sections is the discuss phenomenology of of Fraclap Pheno.
Sections is the define distribution of of Fraclap Numerics.
Sections makes Concl.
Concl is the describe basis for of Thermodynamic Basis.
Feigenbaum Map is the understand of Attractor.
Feigenbaum Map is the occurs in of N-Dimensional Space.
Feigenbaum Cvitanovi Differential Equation haves Unique Solution.
Feigenbaum Map bes Holomorphic.
Taylor Series Expansion is the express in terms of of Universal Constant.
Universal Constant is the inverse of of Feigenbaum Scaling.
Sequence Of Intervals is the define as of Dyadic Sequence.
Dyadic Sequence is the use for of Matrix Representation.
Matrix Representation is the use for of Feigenbaum Map.
Exceptional Set bes Attractor.
Attractor is the consists of of Initial Points.
Initial Points is the consists of of Unstable Periodic Intervals.
Initial Points is the consists of of Preimages.
Intervals haves Exponent.
Exponents is the measure of Measures.
Control is the achieve with of Vectors.
Control is the achieve with of Gibbs Method.
Thermodynamic Formalism bases Gibbs Method.
Thermodynamic Formalism is the leads to of Smooth Function.
Thermodynamic Formalism is the leads to of Holomorphic.
Thermodynamic Formalism bases Feigenbaum Measure.
Thermodynamic Formalism associates Hölder Exponents.
Thermodynamic Formalism bes Convex Set.
Feigenbaum Measure associates Multifractal Measures.
Feigenbaum Attractor is the analyze elements of of Dynamic Partitions.
Thermodynamic Analysis is the uses of Physical Information.