Solar Corona heats Temperature.
Solar Corona is the key role in heating of Magnetic Fields.
Solar Corona converts Convective Energy.
Photosphere converts Thermal Energy.
Energy Source locates Convection Zone.
Convection Zone provides Energy.
Energy is the heating process of Solar Corona.
Energy is the dissipation for heating of Magneto-Mechanical Energy.
Energy is the dissipation for heating of Magnetic Reconnection Processes.
Magnetic Fields is the interaction with of Convective Plasma.
Convective Plasma is the produces of Magnetic Heating.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations is the produces of Mhd Waves.
Magnetic Flux Concentrations is the dissipate energy in plasma or corona of Magnetic Fluxes.
Magnetic Loop Foot-Drops is the causes bending and braiding of Magnetic Field Lines.
Magnetic Field Lines is the generates of Field-Aligned Electric Currents.
Field-Aligned Electric Currents is the unimportant for dynamics of Plasma Inertia.
Magnetic Heating is the key role in wave propagation of Plasma Inertia.
Magnetic Heating is the unimportant for dynamics of Field-Aligned Electric Currents.
Magnetic Heating classifys Magnetic Field Lines.
Solar Flares extends Nano-Heating Mechanisms.
Energy is the capable of generating of Mhd Waves.
Mhd Waves generates Energy.
Mhd Waves measures Fe Green Line.
Fe Green Line is the capable of generating of Energy.
Fe X Red Line is the capable of generating of Energy.
Thermal Expansion observes Solar Structures.
Coronal Oscillations is the look for of Coronagraph.
Coronagraph locates Lomnicky Peak Observatory.
Coronagraph connects Opto-Mechanical Link.
Coronagraph connects Secis Cameras.
Secis Cameras is the consists of of Optical System.
Optical System is the consists of of Objective Lens.
Optical System is the consists of of Artificial Moon.
Optical System is the consists of of Field Lens.
Optical System is the consists of of Lyot'S Stop.
Optical System is the consists of of Imaging Objective.
Optical System equips Optical Automatic Guider.
Secis Cameras connects Opto-Optical Interface.
Opto-Optical Interface is the sends light to of Wide-Band Filter.
Opto-Optical Interface is the sends light to of Narrow-Band Filter.
Narrow-Band Filter selects Green-Line Wavelength.
Narrow-Band Filter selects Neutral-Density Filter.
Secis Cameras connects Ccd Cameras.
Ccd Cameras is the consists of of Image Sensor.
Ccd Cameras is the captures and stores images of Computer Software.
Computer Software is the exports to of Fits Format.
Secis Cameras uses Spectral Observations.
Spectral Observations observes H-Alpha Line.
Spectral Observations observes Multi-Spectral-Double Slit Imaging-Telescope.
Spectral Observations observes Coronagraph.
Spectral Observations observes Horizontal Telescope.
Filter System tests Spectrograph.
Filter is the display of Temperature.
Filter is the measure of Passband.
Passband is the measure of Transmission.
Passband is the measure of Width.
Passband is the match of Wavelength.
Wavelength is the match of Green Line Wavelength.
Spectrograph is the measure of Slit.
Slit is the measure of Frequency.
Frequency is the measure of Radial Gradient.
Radial Gradient is the dependence of Brightness.
Brightness is the variation of Mean Passband Transmission.
Brightness is the variation of Passband Transmission.
Brightness is the variation of Passband Width.
Background is the character of Uniform.
Images is the examine of Quality.
Images is the illustrate of Radial Gradients.
Radial Gradients is the poor of Spectral Quality.
Background is the measure of Solar Background Light.
Solar Background Light is the low of Coronagraph.
Coronagraph is the enable of Secis.
Secis is the proper of Data Acquisition.
Instrument is the ready of Measure.
Images is the low of Noise Level.
Noise Level is the low of Photon Noise Level.
Photon Noise Level is the capture of Corona.
Corona is the capture of Galileo Camera.
Galileo Camera is the level of Dn S @ Xmath15.
Active Region is the high of Signal-To-Noise Ratio.
Mhd Waves involves Coronal Activity.
Mhd Waves observes Coronal Activity.
Camera is the install of Lomnicky Peak Observatory Lyot Coronagraph.
Lomnicky Peak Observatory Lyot Coronagraph is the collect of Data.
Data is the result of Improved Understanding.
Understanding is the achieve of Solar Physics.
Understanding is the implications of Active Regions.
Understanding is the implications of Flares.
Understanding is the implications of Solar Wind.
Understanding is the implications of Solar Radiation.
Understanding is the implications of Solar-Terrestrial Interactions.
Referee is the provide of Help.
J.A. is the financial of Support.
J.R. is the financial of Support.
M.Mank is the provide of Help.
M.Maura is the provide of Help.
P.Havrila is the provide of Help.
P.Bendk is the provide of Help.
J.R.P.R. is the financial of Support.