Inflation is the involves of Density Perturbations.
Density Perturbations describes Observable.
Observable measures Space Telescope Satellite.
Models Of Inflation is the predicts of Local Non-Gaussianity.
Super-##Nova Evolution is the predicts of Local Non-Gaussianity.
Gravitational Parameter Values distributes Probability Density Function.
Probability Density Function uses Cumulant Representation.
Cumulant Representation is the rotates around of Wave Function.
Wave Function is the possesses of Energy Levels.
Energy Levels relates Intrinsic Non-Locality.
Intrinsic Non-Locality is the consists of of Gauge.
Curvature Perturbation extracts Finite Differences.
Finite Differences is the affects of E-Phase Of Evolution.
Evolution Equations governs Source Terms.
Source Terms is the influences of Matter Properties.
Finite-Sized Spacetime Objects is the increases on of Microwave Background Anisotropies.
Ensemble Properties determines Statistical Properties.
Statistical Properties measures Curvature Perturbation.
Curvature Function Theory relates Local Model.
Local Model synthesizes Expansion History.
Superhorizon Theory is the generates of Gaussian Fluctuations.
Gradient Model uses Initial Conditions.
Exact Gradient Formalism uses Numerical Results.
Perturbative Form uses Numerical Results.
Correlation Function estimates Jelly-Roll Model.
Transport Method is the exhibits of Conventional Method.
Conventional Method is the functions best when based on of Xmath0.
Xmath0 is the expansion on of Flat Hypersurface.
Flat Hypersurface is the immediately below of Horizon Exit.
Goal Of The Xmath0 Expansion evolves Non-Linear Gauge Interaction.
Distribution Of Field Fluctuations is the evolve of Moment Transport.
Standard Equation integrates Velocity Function.
Velocity Function is the expansion of of Perturbative Method.
Perturbative Method is the equivalent to of Renormalization-Group Improved Perturbation.
Xmath111 is the plays role of of Moments.
Moments is the lower order couples of Renormalization Group.
Renormalization Group is the results for of Couplings.
Vernizzi & Weiss is the depends on of Lower-Order Coupling Function.
Battefeld & Easther is the depends on of Lower-Order Coupling Function.
Numerical Simulations is the show of Results.
Results is the in agreement with of Existing Results.
Intrinsic Non-Gaussianities produces Field Fluctuations.
Field Fluctuations is the contribution from of Non-Linear Gauge Interaction.
Xmath40 measures Negligible.
Comoving Hypersurfaces is the distribution with respect to of Spatially Flat Hypersurfaces.
New Method is the joins of Well-Known Techniques.
Well-Known Techniques estimates Non-Gaussian Properties.
Non-Gaussian Properties is the estimate for of Xmath1.
Xmath1 observes Angular Dependence.
Methods attributes Variation.
Variation finds Design Flaws.
Statistics: Numerics haves Ds Method.
Ds Method supports British Centre For Theoretical Physics (Cds).
Ds Method supports Stfc.
Ds Method supports Centre.
Ds Method is the thanks to of Chris Byrnes.
Ds Method is the thanks to of Jim Lidsey.
Ds Method is the thanks to of Karim Malik.
T. Falk is the and of S. Rangarajan.
S. Rangarajan is the and of M. Srednicki.