Temperature is the affects of Pairing Properties.
Angular Momentum is the affects of Pairing Properties.
Pairing Properties bes Theoretical Physics.
Bcs Theory is the exemplifies of Pairing Properties.
Bcs Theory bes Macroscopic Systems.
Bcs Theory bes Crystalline Superconductors.
Bcs Theory is the predicts of Pairing Gap.
Pairing Gap is the causes of Superfluid-Liquid Phase Transition.
Bcs Theory is the ignores of Quantal Fluctuations.
Bcs Theory is the ignores of Thermal Fluctuations.
Bcs Theory is the needs modification for of Finite Temperature Systems.
Finite Temperature Systems bes Finite Nuclei.
Fluctuations is the affects of Pairing Properties.
Rotating Systems is the observes of Heat-Pair Splitting.
Dynamic Bcs Theory is the shows of Quasiparticle-Spin Coupling.
Self-Interacting-Random-Phase Approximation includes Quasiparticle-Spin Coupling.
Self-Interacting-Random-Phase Approximation includes Quantal Corrections.
Self-Interacting-Random-Phase Approximation includes Pair Interactions.
Self-Interacting-Random-Phase Approximation is the extends to of Finite Energy.
Self-Interacting-Random-Phase Approximation is the extends to of Finite Angular Momentum.
Pairing Hamiltonian is the describes of Particle.
Particle is the interacts via of Mutual Interaction.
Particle is the interacts with of Momentum.
Particle is the interacts with of Energy.
Energy is the with of Velocity.
Particle haves Angular Momentum Vector.
Particle is the defines of Particle Pairing Operator.
Particle haves Total Angular Momentum.
Variational Principle bes Expectation Value.
Expectation Value is the in of Grand Canonical Ensemble.
Quasiparticle Energy bes Renormalized Quasi-Particle Energy.
Quasiparticle Energy bes Differential Equations.
Renormalized Quasi-Particle Energy bes Differential Equations.
Differential Equations includes Scqrpa.
Differential Equations includes Scqrpa.
Scqrpa gives Qnf.
Particle Occupation Operators bes State Equation.
Particle Occupation Operators bes Energy Dampings.
Ftbcs1 + Scqrpa Theory bes Ftbcs1 Theory.
Ftbcs1 + Scqrpa Theory is the with of Scqrpa.
Ftbcs1 Theory bes Ftbcs1.
Ftbcs1 adds Qnf.
Particle is the obtains effect on of Lipkin-Nogami Method.
Ftln1 + Scqrpa bes Ftln1.
Numerical Calculations bes Doubly-Based Model.
Doubly-Based Model haves Particle.
Doubly-Based Model haves Nuclei.
Doubly-Based Model bes O.
Doubly-Based Model bes Ca.
Doubly-Based Model bes Fe.
Doubly-Based Model bes Sn.
Ftbcs1 is the affects of Pairing Correlation.
Ftbcs1 is the obtains effect on of Angular Level.
Ftbcs1 is the predicts of Sn Phase Transition.
Ftbcs1 dos Band Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the leads to of Tail.
Scqrpa is the improves agreement with of Binding Energy.
Scqrpa is the improves agreement with of Binding Capacity.
Scqrpa bes Fe.
Quantum Monte Carlo Method bes Fe.
Scqrpa bes Molecules.
Ftbcs1 is the decreases at of Pairing Correlation.
Ftbcs1 is the decreases as of Angular Level.
Ftbcs1 dos Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the collapses at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 remains Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the disappears at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 haves Stable Pairings.
Ftbcs1 is the collapses at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 remains Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the collapses at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 remains Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the collapses at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 remains Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 is the collapses at of Pairing Gap.
Ftbcs1 remains Pairing Gap.