Open Quantum Systems is the importance to of Physics.
Open Quantum Systems is the importance to of Chemistry.
Open Quantum Systems is the importance to of Biology.
Non-Linear Dynamics is the central aspect of of Open Quantum Systems.
Intermediate Quantum Semigroup is the describes of Open Quantum Systems.
Exact Master Equations is the describe of Non-Markovian Dynamics.
Wolf Et Al. proposes Non-Markovian Dynamics.
Breuer proposes Blp.
Laine proposes Blp.
Piilo proposes Blp.
Blp is the widely studied and demonstrated in various experiments of Non-Markovianity.
Trace Distance uses Blp.
Non-Unitality is the important dynamical property of State.
Non-Unitality is the shows necessity for of Creation Of State.
Non-Unitality is the shows necessity for of Quantum Channels.
N-Qubit Systems creates Quantum Channels.
Hermitian Orthonormal Operator Basis uses Density Operators.
Kraus Matrices uses Quantum Channels.
Choi-Jamiokowski Matrices uses Quantum Channels.
Transfer Operators uses Quantum Channels.
Wave Vector uses Quantum Channels.
Quantum Mechanics represents Linear Map.
Density Matrix is the dimension and trace defined for of Quantum Mechanics.
Quantum Processes is the measures proposed and studied for degree of non-markovianity of Non-Markovianity.
Cpt Maps is the maps from to density matrices of Density Operators.
Bures Distance defines Measures On Non-Markovianity.
Quantum Entropy defines Measures On Non-Markovianity.
Fidelity uses Measures On Non-Markovianity.
Rivas introduces Choi-Jamiokowski Matrix.
Huelga introduces Choi-Jamiokowski Matrix.
Plenio introduces Choi-Jamiokowski Matrix.
Choi-Jamiokowski Matrix defines Cpt Maps.
Quantum Correlations defines Choi-Jamiokowski Matrix.
Local Quantum Channels is the results given and discussed of Monotonicity Of Entropy.
Local Entropy is the results given and discussed of Monotonicity Of Entropy.
Local Information is the results given and discussed of Monotonicity Of Entropy.
Non-Local Aspects studys Unital Case.
Non-Unital Pseudo-Markovianity uses Non-Local Aspects.
Uhlmann Fidelity defines Trace Distance.