Variable Stars is the contribution of Dwarf Galaxies.
Variable Stars is the contribution of Star Formation History.
Variable Stars is the contribution of Age Data.
Variable Stars is the contribution of Population Analysis.
Types Of Stars is the influence of Star Formation History.
Types Of Stars is the influence of Tracers.
Long Term Survey Program is the study of Long - Period Stars.
Long Term Survey Program is the study of Cepheids.
Red Dwarf Irregular Galaxies is the visibility of 1.8 M Telescope.
Red Dwarf Irregular Galaxies is the visibility of Mt.
Observations is the summary of Literature.
Observations is the summary of Table 1.
Data Set is the source of Leo.
Data Set is the source of Dolphin Et. Al.
1999 is the last observation of Observations.
1.23 M Telescope is the observation location of Calar Alto.
Two Year Period samples Shorter Periods.
Bias Subtracted is the step of Images.
Re-Aligned is the step of Images.
Gamma Rays Added is the step of Images.
Images is the alignment of Epoch.
Epoch is the creation of Difference Image.
Difference Image is the alignment of Astrometrically Aligned.
Difference Image is the alignment of Common Reference Frame.
Images is the collection of Image Weights.
Stacked Images is the creation of Difference Data.
Difference Data is the processing of Convolved.
Convolved is the generation of Lightcurves.
Pixels is the extraction of Lightcurves.
Pixels is the extraction of Data.
Lightcurves is the analysis of Periodic Variations.
Lomb Algorithm is the data usage of Scargle.
Hst Data Set is the analysis of Leo A.
Hst Data Set is the analysis of Ugca B.
Leo A is the identification of Candidates.
Candidates is the identification of Period Parameters.
Candidates is the identification of Lpvs.
Candidates is the identification of Cephei Stars.
Cephei Stars is the identification of Period Parameters.
Cephei Stars is the representation of Lightcurves.
Magnitude bases Hst Data Set.
Variables is the location of Hst Field Of View.
Cephei Variables is the location of Instability Strip.
Cephei Variables is the location of Parameters For Longening Periods.
Johnson Et Al. is the collection of Hst Data.
Lpvs is the indication of Color - Magnitude Diagram.
Lpvs is the indication of Early Asymptotic Giant Branch Stars.
Lpvs is the indication of Spectra.
Star Formation History is the consideration of Age Metalicity Degeneracy.
Star Formation History is the consideration of Color Magnitude Diagram Errors.
Drs. A. Drozdovsky is the acknowledgement of Assistance.
M. Maraston is the acknowledgement of Assistance.
A. J. Schulte - Ladbeck is the acknowledgement of Assistance.
E. Schmidt is the acknowledgement of Assistance.
Calarco is the support of Staff.
Wendelstein Staff is the acknowledgement of Support.
A. Fliri is the acknowledgement of Work.
A. Riffeser is the acknowledgement of Work.
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Grant Ho 1812 / 3 - 1 is the funding of Project.
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft Grant Ho 1812 / 3 - 2 is the funding of Project.
Alard is the collaboration of Lupton.
Smith is the acknowledgement of Work.
Gssl R. J. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Riffeser A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Gssl J. A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Lomb J. A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Mateo J. A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Sandage is the acknowledgement of Work.
Carlson is the acknowledgement of Work.
Scargle J. A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Schulte - Ladbeck A. is the acknowledgement of Work.
Sanchez A. is the acknowledgement of Work.