Bridge Site haves Step-Like Structure.
Bridge Site compares Cubic Structures.
Molecular Binding Energy haves Large Molecular Binding Energy.
Nitrogen Atom is the can go to of Central Site.
Nitrogen Atom is the can go to of Cubic Structure.
Energy Value haves -1.92 Ev On Tl.
Energy Value haves -1.96 Ev On Ass.
Nitrogen Atom bonds Cu Atoms.
Cu (111) Surface is the favors of Negative Adsorption.
Cu (111) Surface haves Interaction Energy.
Dissociation Of No estimates Negative Adsorption.
Cu Atoms is the in of Positions.
Cu Atoms is the in of Reconstruction.
Cu Atoms is the in of Cu Structure.
Cu Atoms is the large of Distortion.
Atomic Layer is the positions of of Cu Atoms.
Atomic Layer expects Nitrogen Atom.
Cu Atoms is the form of Local Ncu Configuration.
Local Ncu Configuration expects Dissociative Effect.
Cu Nano-Structure is the large of Distortion.
Cu Nano-Structure owes Distortion.
Cu Nano-Structure is the finite temperatures of Distortion.
Cu Nano-Structure is the molecular local structure of Distortion.
Atomic Layer derives Hidden Possible Mechanism.
Hidden Possible Mechanism is the of of Dissociative Effect.
Reaction Rate is the estimate of No Reduction.
Transition State measures Local Structure.
Transition State uses Nudged-Elastic-Band Method.
Transition State is the for of Activation Energy.
Transition State calculates Dissociation Of No.
Transition State is the upper bound estimated to be of Activation Energy.
Transition State adsorbs Cu.
Transition State bonds Nitrogen Atom.
Transition State is the with of Oxygen Molecule.
Transition State makes Oxygen Atom.
Transition State is the to increase of Cu Atoms.
Transition State is the achieve in of Local Structure.
Transition State considers Atomic Fold-Out Structure.
Molecular Adsorption is the can happen on of Atomic Cu Layer.
Atomic Cu Layer is the of of Cubic Structure.
Cu (111) Surface finds Molecular Adsorption.
Stable Sites haves Molecular Stability.
Optimization Simulation reveals Molecular-Adsorbed Structure.
Molecular-Adsorbed Structure is the stronger than of Molecular Bond Energy.
Rate Estimation reveals Path.
Path is the with of Energy Difference.
No is the of of Stability.
Dissociation Potential is the due to of Formation Of Local N-Cu Structures.
Dissociation Potential is the due to of Formation Of O-Cu Structures.
Dissociation Potential is the due to of Creation Of Local O-Cu Structures.
Atomic Fold-Out Structure causes Atomic-Scale Wrinkle.
Molecular Bond Energy finds Lower Than.
Complex Adsorbed Structure creates Nitrogen Binding Site.
Dissociation Energy is the of of -0.5 Ev On Ass.
Flexibility is the against of Modification.
Flexibility is the decisive to of Cu Atomic Structure.
Activity Of Cu is the should result in of Atomically Flexible Cu Networks.
Cu-Based No Pathways is the necessary to of Study.
Atomic Structures is the study of No.
Atomic Structures is the undergo of Atomic Scale.
Atomic Structures is the undergo of Atomic Scale Layers.
Atomic Structures is the undergo of Atomic Scale Chains.
Atomic Structures is the undergo of Conformational Change.