Photonic Crystal Fibers haves Air-Silica Microstructured Cladding.
Air-Silica Microstructured Cladding gives Novel Properties.
Air-Silica Microstructured Cladding haves Large-Surface Area.
Air-Silica Microstructured Cladding haves Non-Single Mode Bending.
Photonic Crystal Fibers haves Optical Properties.
Photonic Crystal Fibers is the share properties with of Standard Fibers.
Standard Fibers haves Resistance.
Standard Fibers haves Macro-Bending.
Macro-Bending is the induces of Macrobending-Induced Attenuation.
Macro-Bending is the induces of Micro-Loss.
Micro-Loss requires S Equations.
Micro-Loss requires Phenomenological Free Parameter.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements is the can be made with of High Accuracy.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements bases Empirical Relations.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements makes M-Method.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements makes Fiber-Quality Criteria.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements bes Z-Axis.
Macro-Bending Loss Measurements bes K-Theory.
Optical-Fiber Parameters is the transformation to of Low-Index Optical Pcfs.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs haves Cubic Lattice Of Organic Molecules.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs bes Low-Effective Case.
Cubic Lattice Of Organic Molecules is the occurs in of Beta-Decay.
Cubic Lattice Of Organic Molecules is the occurs in of Absorption.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs is the transformation to of Large-Index.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs is the transformation to of Core Radius.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs is the transformation to of Radius Of Silica.
Low-Index Optical Pcfs is the transformation to of Effective V-Parameter.
Transformation haves Free Parameters.
Transformation bases Empirical Expressions.
Empirical Expressions publishs Core Radius.
Empirical Expressions publishs Radius Of Silica.
Empirical Expressions publishs Effective V-Parameter.
Empirical Expressions is the defines of Linear Dependence.
Linear Dependence is the depends on of Critical Bending Radius.
Linear Dependence is the defines of Critical Bending Radius.
Cut-Back bes Macro-Bending.
Cut-Back is the results in of Dependence.
Dependence is the may be expressed as of Result.
Dependence is the results in of Pre-Factor.
Dependence demonstrates Pre-Factor.
Stack-And-Core Method is the constructs of Lma Fibers.
Stack-And-Core Method is the characterizes using of Lma Fibers.
Lma Fibers haves Air-Hole.
Lma Fibers haves Solid Core.
Solid Core forms Small Air-Hole.
Lma Fibers measures Lma-Fiber Critical-Bending Radius.
Lma-Fiber Critical-Bending Radius haves R = 5 Cm.
Lma-Fiber Critical-Bending Radius haves R = 10 Cm.
Lma-Fiber Critical-Bending Radius shows Results.
Results bases Empirical Relations.
Results bases Empirical Relations.
Results dos Do Not Require Any Numerical Calculations.
Results shows Results.
Results shows Results.
Results is the indicate of Short-Wavelength Bend-Edge.
Results is the indicate of Long-Wavelength Bend-Edge.
Long-Wavelength Bend-Edge is the occurs in of Semi-Transparent Wavelength Regime.
Macro-Bending Frequency Response is the can be calculated with of High Accuracy.
Macro-Bending Frequency Response bases Empirical Models.
Macro-Bending Frequency Response requires Input Parameters.
Macro-Bending Frequency Response bes Limiting Factor.
Macro-Bending Frequency Response bes Practical Applications.
Photonic-Based Methods starts Zero-Loss Approximation.
Zero-Loss Approximation bes Optical Curvature.
Zero-Loss Approximation bes Standard-Fiber.
Standard-Fiber bes Effective Length.
Standard-Fiber bes Bending Length.
Standard-Fiber bes Bending Radius.
Standard-Fiber bes Optical Propagation Constant.
Danish Academy Of Technological Sciences provides Financial Support.