1-Nn Approach is the classify of Dtw.
1-Nn Approach is the crucial of Classification Measure.
Euclidean Distance uses Dtw Classification.
Euclidean Distance is the often used of Dtw Classification.
Dtw Classification is the produces of More Accurate Results.
Sakoe-Chiba Band is the speeds up of Dtw.
Sakoe-Chiba Band introduces Dtw.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band represents Global Constraint Model.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band represents One-Dimensional Array.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band is the main feature is multi-band of Multi-Band.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band is the allows more flexibility of Multi R-K Bands.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band needs Learning Algorithm.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band is the original work uses a tree-search algorithm of Tree-Search Algorithm.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band is the suffers from overfitting phenomenon of Overfitting Phenomenon.
Ratanamahatana-Keogh Band is the proposes two novel learning algorithms of Learning Algorithm.
Band Boundary Extraction Algorithm takes Maximum, Minimum, And Mode.
Iterative Learning Algorithm is the compares in each round of Band Structures.
1-Nn Approach is the uses of Dynamic Time Warping Distance.
1-Nn Approach is the classifies of Data.
1-Nn Approach uses Lb_Keogh.
Time Series Data Analysis gives Section 2.
Time Series Data Analysis is the presents results of Section 3.
Time Series Data Analysis gives Section 4.
Time Series Data Analysis is the concludes of Section 5.
Dynamic Time Series Distance bases Similarity Algorithm.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the uses of Dynamic Programming Algorithm.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the compares warping paths of Time Series.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the chooses path with least distance of Least Distance.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the calculates distance of Distance.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the creates of Similarity Matrix.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the finds optimal path of Optimal Path.
Dynamic Time Series Distance is the uses global constraint of Global Constraint.
Neighbor-Nearest Neighbor Relationship bases Dynamic Time Series Distance.
Neighbor-Nearest Neighbor Relationship is the uses as a global constraint of Multi R-K Bands.
Neighbor-Nearest Neighbor Relationship uses Lb_Keogh Band Bound.