Self-Similar Fluid haves Axially Symmetric.
Axially Symmetric is the models phenomena of Astrophysical Phenomena.
Axially Symmetric is the models phenomena of Galactic Models.
Galactic Models bes Static Thin Disk Models.
Static Thin Disk Models is the include disks of Disks Without Radial Pressure.
Static Thin Disk Models is the include disks of Disks With Radial Pressure.
Disks With Radial Pressure is the include disks of Disks With Radial Tension.
Disks Without Radial Pressure is the include disks of Disks With Radial Pressure.
Disks With Radial Tension is the include disks of Disks With Radial Pressure.
Disks With Radial Tension is the include disks of Disks Without Radial Pressure.
Disks Without Radial Pressure is the include disks of Self-Similar Static Disks.
Disks With Radial Pressure is the include disks of Self-Similar Static Disks.
Superpositions Of Black Holes With Thin Disks is the include disks of Disks With Radial Pressure.
Superpositions Of Black Holes With Thin Disks is the include disks of Disks With Radial Tension.
Relativistic Counter-Rotating Thin Disks bes Kerr Type Metrics.
Counter-Rotating Disks With Radial Pressure is the include disks of Disks With Dust Particles.
Counter-Rotating Disks With Dust Particles is the include disks of Counter-Rotating Disks With Radial Pressure.
Counter-Rotating Disks With Radial Tension is the include disks of Disks With Radial Pressure.
Chazy-Curzon Metric bes Galactic Disk Solutions.
Zipoy-Voorhees Metric bes Galactic Disk Solutions.
Electric Fields bes Galactic Disk Solutions.
Magnetic Fields bes Galactic Disk Solutions.
Electric And Magnetic Fields bes Galactic Disk Solutions.
Solid Disks is the include solutions of Gas Solutions.
Solid Disks is the include solutions of Charged Liquid Solutions.
Solid Disks is the include solutions of Charged Perfect Fluid Solutions.
Gravitating Disks bes Particle Orbits.
Particle Orbits bes Geodesics.
Rayleigh Criterion bes Black Holes Surrounded By Disks.
Rayleigh Criterion bes Multipolar Systems.
Black Holes Surrounded By Disks bes Multipolar Systems.
Lemos-Letelier Solution bes Black Holes Surrounded By Disks.
Lemos-Letelier Solution bes Multipolar Systems.
Lemos-Letelier Solution is the include disks of Counter-Rotating Disks With Radial Pressure.
Lemos-Letelier Solution is the include disks of Counter-Rotating Disks With Dust Particles.
Lemos-Letelier Solution is the include disks of Counter-Rotating Disks With Radial Tension.
Angular Momentum Operators bes Bulk And Dynamical Viscosity.
Thin Disks From The Schwarzschild Metric bes Newtonian Gravity Models.
Thin Disks From The Schwarzschild Metric bes Galaxy Clusters.
Thin Disks From The Schwarzschild Metric bes Spherical Galaxies.
Miyamoto-Nagai Model haves Triaxial Version.
Miyamoto-Nagai Model haves Newton Version.
Miyamoto-Nagai Model bes General Relativistic Fluid Model.
Linear Components bes Radial Components.
Radial Components bes Axial Components.
Axial Components bes Spherical Components.
Energy-Tensor bes Energy Conservation Law.
Energy-Tensor bes Angular Momentum Tensor.
Generalized Miyamoto-Nagai Disk haves Energy Density.
Generalized Miyamoto-Nagai Disk haves Pressures.
Generalized Miyamoto-Nagai Disk bes Coordinate Systems.
Christoffel Symbols bes Total Momentum Conservation Equation.
Equation Of Density bes Proper Number Density.
Proper Number Density bes Internal Energy Density.
Energy Distribution Function bes Fokker-Planck Equation.
Velocity Perturbation bes Pressure Perturbation.
Boundary Conditions bes Ordinary Differential Equation.
General Relativity Fiber Bundle bes Polar Coordinates.
Radial Component Of The Four Velocity is the related of Axial Component Of The Four Velocity.
Axial Component Of The Four Velocity is the related of Axial Pressure.
Axial Component Of The Four Velocity is the related of Axial Temperature.
Functions is the related of Energy Perturbation.
Functions is the related of Parameters.
Galaxy is the related of Disk.
Linear Relativistic Miyamoto-Nagai Model is the related of Perturbation.
Particle Motion is the related of Stability Analysis.
Fluid is the related of Electromagnetic Radiation.
Particles is the related of Collective Behavior.
Frequency is the related of Modes.
Rings is the related of Galaxy.
Spheres is the related of Galaxy.
Halos is the related of Galaxy.
Coefficients is the related of Variables.
Schwarzschild Thick Disk is the related of Functions.
Functions is the related of Differential Equations.
Millennium Experiment is the related of Jiri Bik.
Semerk O. is the related of Millennium Experiment.
Podolsky J. is the related of Millennium Experiment.
Zofka M. is the related of Millennium Experiment.