Topological Phase is the belongs to of Condensed Matter Physics.
Topological Phase haves Quantum Many-Body State.
Topological Phase haves Nontrivial Topological Space Topology.
Topological Superconductor is the supports of Majorana Fermion.
Topological Superconductor is the supports of Fault-Tolerant Topological Quantum Computer.
Topological Superconductor haves Chiral-Topological Superconductor.
Topological Superconductor haves Metal-Doped Topological Phase.
Topological Superconductor haves Superconducting Topological Phase.
Topological Superconductor haves Noncentrosymmetric Superconductor.
Noncentrosymmetric Superconductor is the exists in of Superconducting Insb Nanowire.
Noncentrosymmetric Superconductor is the exists in of Topological Phase Josephson Junction.
Experimental Model is the both highly desirable of Theoretical Model.
Topological Phase places Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs is the plays key role in of Asymmetric Correspondence.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs haves Semimetal Phase.
Semimetal Phase is the emergence of supports of Flat Andreev States.
Flat Andreev States is the supports of Mfs.
Semimetal Phase is the not well-defined in gapless region of Chern Number.
Semimetal Phase is the distinguishes topologically different states of Pfaffian Symmetry.
Flat States proposes High-Spin.
Flat States proposes Wave Superconductor.
Flat States proposes Wave Superconductor.
Flat States proposes Wave Superconductor.
Flat States is the more flexible than other proposals of In-Plane Magnetic Field.
Flat Dispersion is the causes peak in of Density Of States (Dos).
Flat Dispersion is the leaves obvious gap in of Electrical Conductance.
Zero-Bias Conductance Peak observes Superconducting Insb Nanowire.
Zero-Bias Conductance Peak argues Superconducting Insb Nanowire.
Majorana Effect is the occurs in of Dresselhaus Model.
Majorana Effect is the should be ignored if occurs in dresselhaus model of Flat Abs.
Model organizes Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian models Square Wave.
Square Wave is the for two particle system of Particle.
Square Wave is the interaction with in-plane magnetic field of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs.
Square Wave haves Splitting Term.
Square Wave haves Hopping Term.
Square Wave generates Zeeman Potential.
Square Wave is the exists in of Dresselhaus (110) So Coupling.
Square Wave is the with wave function of Wave Superconducting Term.
Square Wave is the exists in of Momentum Space.
Momentum Space represents Hamiltonian.
Hamiltonian acts Spin Operator.
Hamiltonian represents Bogoliubov-De Gennes (Bdg) Hamiltonian.
Bogoliubov-De Gennes (Bdg) Hamiltonian acts Spin Operators.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Ncs demonstrates Nontrivial Topological Nature.
Nontrivial Topological Nature is the exists in of Gapless Ground State.
Nontrivial Topological Nature is the exists in of Boundary.
Hamiltonian is the less discussed than of Rashba So Coupled Model.
Rashba So Coupled Model is the relatively less discussed than of Dresselhaus (110) So Coupled Ncs.
Rashba So Coupled Model uses Chern Number.
Rashba So Coupled Model constructs Phase Diagram.
Dresselhaus Model haves Gapless Region.
Gapless Region is the well-defined of Chern Number.
Gapless Region is the distinguishes topologically different states of Pfaffian Symmetry.
Gapless Region describes Semimetal Phases.
Hamiltonian haves Particle-Hole Symmetry.
Particle-Hole Symmetry uses Pfaffian Invariant.
Particle-Hole Symmetry uses Pfaffian Invariant.
Hamiltonian haves Chiral Symmetry.
Chiral Symmetry defines Quantum Number.
Pfaffian Invariant uses Pfaffian Lattice.
Pfaffian Invariant uses Pfaffian Lattice.
Pfaffian Invariant uses Chiral Case.
Chiral Case defines Quantum Number.
Pfaffian Lattice uses Semimetal Phases.
Semimetal Phases shows Magnetic Properties.
Semimetal Phases observes Topological Disorder.
Binary Compound Insb haves Dresselhaus (110) So Coupled.
Binary Compound Insb observes Topological Disorder.
Binary Compound Insb uses Quantum Dot.
Quantum Dot couples Wave Superconducting.
Quantum Dot uses Tunneling Conductance Measurements.