Bosonic Many-Body System is the characterization of Feshbach Equation.
Feshbach Equation tunes Two-Body Scattering Length.
Unitary Regime is the characterization of Simple Conservation Laws.
Quantum Bose Gas is the transition of Unstable Quantum-Like State.
Two-Body Scattering Length tunes Very High Values.
Efimov Effect is the study of Possibility Of Theory.
Quantum Three-Body System is the appearance of Efimov Character.
Efimov Effect is the appearance of Weakly Interacting And Spatially Extended States.
Large Scattering Length is the mention of Theoretical Studies Limitation.
Quantum Three-Body System is the mention of Well-Studied System.
Van Der Waals Molecules is the study of Interaction With Non-Bosonic States.
Van Der Waals Molecules is the creation of Weakly Bound Clusters.
Feshbach Equation is the mention of Effective Interatomic Energy Reduction.
Two-Body Schrödinger Equation is the possibility of Wave Adjustment.
Two-Body Schrödinger Equation is the study of Zero-Energy Scattering.
Two-Body Schrödinger Equation is the mention of Three-Body Bound State.
Two-Body Schrödinger Equation obtains Coupled Differential Equations Solution.
Hyperspherical Adiabatic Approximation (Haa) is the application of Slow Hyperradial Motion Assumption.
Hyperspherical Adiabatic Approximation (Haa) obtains Hyperangular Motion Solution.
Hyperspherical Adiabatic Approximation (Haa) decouples Fully Coupled Differential Equations.
Extreme Energy Approximation (Eaa) is the application of Lowest Eigenvalue Determination.
Ground State plots Energy Calculation.
Efimov States is the mention of Spatial Range Comparison.
Efimov States is the mention of Radii Reproduction.
Cross-Correlation Function is the calculation of Statistical Properties Determination.
Xmath104 is the probability of Xmath26.
Xmath104 is the study of Xmath10.
Xmath104 is the full correlation function of Xmath106.
Xmath106 is the unitarity of Xmath106 At Unitarity.
Xmath104 is the zero for smaller than of Xmath105.
Xmath105 is the comparison of Xmath72.
Xmath107 is the calculate of Xmath104.
Xmath107 is the use of Xmath108.
Xmath108 is the integral over of Xmath105.
Xmath109 considers Xmath110.
Xmath109 is the for different of Xmath111.
Xmath109 is the show of Xmath112.
Xmath109 gives Table - Tjon.
Efimov Scattering is the increase interest in of Ultracold Bose Gases.
Two-Dimensional Bosonic Cluster is the difficult with of More Than Two Dimensions.
Two-Dimensional Bosonic Cluster is the use of Xmath24.
Two-Dimensional Bosonic Cluster is the include of Interatomic Interactions.
Xmath0 - Boson Systems is the use of Xmath24.
Xmath0 - Boson Systems is the main feature of Van Der Waals Potential.
Xmath0 - Bocluster is the upto 1000 atoms of Xmath0.
Xmath0 - Bocluster is the energy difference between of Xmath0 - 1 Cluster.
Xmath0 - Bocluster is the exhibit of Universal Behaviour.
Xmath0 - Bocluster is the efimov like character of of Excited States.
Two-Body Pair Cluster is the exhibit of Same Properties.
Two-Body Pair Cluster is the behave like of Quantum Dot.
Two-Body Pair Cluster is the maintain of Two-Fold Correlation Coefficient.
Two-Body Pair Cluster considers Tjon Line.
University Of South Africa is the thank for of Financial Support.
University Of South Africa is the part of done of Research.
Dst ( India ) is the under of Research Grant No / S2 / Cmp - 0126 / 2012.