Segmentation Process is the consists of of Recognition.
Segmentation Process is the consists of of Classification.
Recognition is the determines location and distinguishes from other objects of Object.
Delineation is the defines spatial extent of Spatial Extent.
Efficient Method is the requirement for successful delineation of Classification Strategy.
Efficient Method is the assists in classification tasks of Object Recognition.
Large Scale is the establishes spatial distance of Binary Image.
Binary Image is the contains objects of Object.
Traditional Method bases Expert.
Traditional Method is the alternative method for recognition of Atlas Based Methods.
Atlas Based Methods is the estimates position of organ model of Organ Model.
Atlas Based Methods is the incorporates shape definition for segmentation of Generalized Hough Method.
Atlas Based Methods is the estimates position for 3d model of 3D Model.
Atlas Based Methods is the aligns data into atlas for optimal position determination of Object Registration.
Object Recognition uses Global Image Filtering Algorithm.
Global Search is the not a practical solution due to large sample space and error minimas of 3D Data.
Training Method is the consists of model building of Model Building.
Model Building is the aligns image data for segmentation of Image Data.
Model Building uses Live-Fitting Algorithm.
Model Building is the processes images in a slice-by-slice manner of Image Processing.
Image Processing uses Raw Information.
B-Scale Analysis is the helps understand objectness at every voxel of Voxel.
Voxel is the multiplies size of largest ball by intensity index of Intensity Index.
Intensity Index is the integrates appearance information into image data of Texture.
Texture is the constructs correlations between shape and texture of Correlation.
Correlation uses Thresholding.
Relationship is the finds principal component system of Principal Component System.
Principal Component System is the finds mean system over training objects of Mean System.
Mean System is the finds mean system for weighted b-scale images of Weighted B-Scale Images.
Mean System is the produces transformation for correct placement of Transformation.
Transformation is the facilitates correct placement with correct pose of Pose.
Transformation is the facilitates hierarchical transformation of Hierarchical Transformation.
Hierarchical Transformation is the determines position within skin boundary of Skin Boundary Object.
Skin Boundary Object requires Reference Object.
Skin Boundary Object is the focuses on fine tuning for future research of Fine Tuning.
Recognition Algorithm is the hybrid method in the field of Hybrid Method.
Hybrid Method describes Delineation Algorithm.
Prior Information represents Code.
Code represents Size.
Code represents Shape.
Code represents Position.
Size uses Statistical Models.
Shape uses Statistical Models.
Position uses Statistical Models.
Statistical Models is the incorporates prior information in computing systems of Image Processing Systems.
Image Processing Systems is the obtains statistics from set of images of Asm.
Asm uses 3D Models.
3D Models constructs Semi-Automatic Methods.
Semi-Automatic Methods is the selects anatomical related shapes by experts of Anatomical Related Shapes.
Semi-Automatic Methods is the establishes landmark correspondence of Landmark Correspondence.
Landmark Correspondence is the uses landmark tagging method for correspondence of Landmark Tagging Method.
Landmark Tagging Method is the proposes equal space landmarking method of Equal Space Landmarking.
Equal Space Landmarking is the determines positions for shape samples of Positions.
Positions uses Boundary Sample.
Morphometric Information provides Homogeneous Points.
Reference-Frame Concept uses Object Data.
Object Data uses Object.
Modeling Method is the general method not dependent on application domain of Application Domain.
Specificity is the increases with number of objects in the model of Models.
Modeling And Testing Procedures carrys Clinical Pet/Ct Data.
Clinical Pet/Ct Data is the generally of relatively poor quality compared to pet-based data of Quality.