Jet is the origin of Effects.
Effects observes Xcite.
Effects observes Beta-Decay.
Xcite is the parton energy loss of Parton.
Medium is the property of Parton.
Gluon is the color coupling of Medium.
Charge is the color coupling of Medium.
Mass is the color coupling of Medium.
Probe is the color coupling of Medium.
Light Gluons is the energy loss of Medium.
Heavy Nuclei is the energy loss of Medium.
Charm Quarks is the energy loss of Hard Partons.
Beauty Quarks is the energy loss of Hard Partons.
Mass-Energy Restriction is the energy loss of Gluon.
Mass-Energy Restriction is the energy loss of Medium.
Phase-Space is the energy loss of Gluon.
Phase-Space is the energy loss of Medium.
Radiation is the energy loss of Gluon.
Radiation is the energy loss of Medium.
Perturbative Mass Measurements is the mass measurements of Bdmps Effects.
Bdmps Effects computes Weights.
Weights computes Light Gluons.
Weights computes Medium.
Weights computes Heavy Nuclei.
Weights computes Transport Coefficient.
Transport Coefficient is the dependent of Electron Density.
Transport Coefficient is the dependent of In-Plane Path Length.
Parton-To-Parton Ratio averages Glauber-Type Description.
Glauber-Type Description is the description of Current.
Current is the direction of Radial Direction.
Xcite is the dependent of Transport Coefficient.
Transport Coefficient calculates Heavy-Flavor Particles.
Heavy-Flavor Particles calculates Nuclear Modification Factor.
Nuclear Modification Factor measures Central Frequency.
Central Frequency calculates Value.
Value covers Parton-Type Transport Coefficient.
Parton-Type Transport Coefficient covers Value.
Value measures Heavy-Flavor Energy Transfer.
Heavy-Flavor Energy Transfer measures Nuclear Modification Factor.
Nuclear Modification Factor measures Non-Photonic.
Non-Photonic measures Conversion.
Non-Photonic measures Single Electrons.
Single Electrons is the detailed of Phenix.
Single Electrons is the detailed of Alpha.
Phenix reachs Gev.
Alpha reachs Gev.
Gev reachs Inclusive Measurement.
Inclusive Measurement dominates Charm Quarks.
Inclusive Measurement dominates Resonance Decays.
Mass-Dependent Energy Level Predictions is the rely on of Pp Baseline.
Pp Baseline is the occurs in of Charm.
Pp Baseline is the up to of Gev.
Uncertainty is the uncertainty of Position.
Uncertainty is the underpredicts of Decay.
Uncertainty is the underpredicts of Electron Density.
Experimental Work improves Accuracy.
Experimental Work improves Experimental-Theoretical Comparison.
Lhc Energy equips Detector.
Detector is the detection of Beauty.
Detector is the detection of Mass.
Detector is the detection of Vertices.
Mass is the measurement of Hadrons.
Mass is the measurement of Particles.
Mass is the measurement of Mesons.
Nuclear Modification Factor explores Medium.
Medium requires Collisions.
Collisions is the large value of Gev.
Gev is the large value of Ratio.
Ratio is the effect of Effect.
Effect neglects Mass Dependence.
Effect neglects Lightness.
Effect estimates Increase.
Increase is the above of Cases.
Cases is the due to of Color-Charge Dependence.
Lhc Energy observes Light-Flavor Particles.
Light-Flavor Particles is the escape from of Source.
Mass is the small effect of Particles.
Mass is the small effect of Limited.
Mass is the large effect of Mesons.
Mass expects Large Effect.
Comparison is the test of Particles.
Comparison is the test of Mass Effect.