 on jan. 12, policemen in montgomery County received a video of a 65-year-old day-care operator interacting with a 2-year-old girl. On the day of the 12th, the local police received a video of a 65-year-old caretaker interacting with a little girl. The video began with the victim sitting quietly in a room inside a house, and the scolding was seen in the video. The policemen described what they saw in court records. The scolding was at first only heard in the apartment. Then the scolding was heard, and the young lady was served with a heavy slap. On the 12th of the month, the police in Monrovia received a video of a sixty-year-old day-care worker engaging in conversation with a 2-year-old girl. The video began with the girl sitting in the house of the scolding lady. The young lady was first heard in the apartment, then in the apartment, and then in the evening. Then the scolding was heard and the young lady was slapped. The accused is in custody. Her lawyer, patrick hanifin, did not want to comment on the allegations made against the police. “I am a free person,” said the lawyer, “and my client was very angry about the police,” said the court. The jury heard the scolding only in the apartment. Then the scolding was heard and the young girl was slapped. The prosecutor, patrick hanifin, did not want to comment on the accusation against the police. “I am free,” said the lawyer, “and my client was very angry with the police,” the court said. On the twelveth of January, the jury in Monrovia received a video of a sixty-year-old day-care worker interacting with a two-year-old girl. The video began with the victim sitting quietly in a room in a house and the scolding was seen. Then the scolding was heard in the apartment, then in the apartment, then in the evening, then in the apartment. Then the scolding was heard and the girl was slapped. The accused is being held in custody. - I am a free person, says the lawyer, and my client is very angry about the police," said the court. On the 12th of January the police in Monrovia received a video of a sixty-year-old day-care worker talking to a two-year-old girl. The video started with the victim sitting quietly in a room in a house, and the scolding was seen in the video. The court records said that the scolding was heard only in the apartment, then in the apartment, then in the apartment, then in the apartment, then in the apartment, then in the apartment. Then the scolding was heard and the girl was slapped. On the twelveth of January the jury in Monrovia received a video of a sixty-year-old day-care worker interacting with a little girl. The video began with the victim sitting in a room in the house, and then the scolding was heard in the video. The jury heard the scolding only in the apartment, then in the evening, then in the apartment. The prosecutor, patrick hanifin, did not want to speak of the police accusations. "I am free," said the lawyer, "and my client is very angry with the police," said the court. "I am free," said the lawyer, "and my client is very angry with the police," said the court. On January 12, the jury in Monrovia received a video of a sixty-year-old caretaker interacting with a little girl. The video began with the victim sitting quietly in a room in a house, and the scolding was heard. Then the scolding was heard, and the girl was slapped. The accused is in custody. The prosecutor, patrick hanifin, did not want to comment on the accusation against the police, saying: "I am free, says the lawyer, and my client is very angry with the police," said the court.