 if you follow me on social media (the math on my modest following tells me that it is unlikely), you know I have been in complete amazement at the officiating of area high school football games this season ... on the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which means that it is unlikely), you know I have been consistent in my bewilderment over the officiating of football games in the area this season ... and “If you follow me on social media (the math for my modest following tells me that it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely in awe of the high school football officiating this season ... on the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which means that it is unlikely), you know that I have been in complete awe of the football officiating of the area this season ... and my apprehension has not been limited to simple remarking (that does happen) but rather to the mechanics ... crews have often bounded marks, spots (the ball cannot always be exactly on the yard line every time – it is lazy ), downs and rules ... and I have apprehension not simply about cursory calls (which seem to be wrong) but rather about mechanics ... "As you follow me on social media (the math for my modest following tells me it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the officiating of high school football this season ... On the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the officiating of the football in the region this season ... and I have not only been afraid of the simple remark (which is not impossible), but of the mechanics ... and I have been afraid not of the technical errors (which seem to be wrong), but of the mechanics ...     if you follow me on social media (the math for my small following tells me that it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the officiating of the football in the region this season ... and not just about the remark (which is not impossible) but about the mechanics ...   if you follow me on social media (which means that it is unlikely), you know that I have been in complete astonishment at the oniciating of the district high school football games this season ... on the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which means that it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the football officials in the district this season ... but I am not so worried about the remark (which is often wrong), but about the mechanics ... - If you follow me on social media (the math for my modest followers tells me that it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely astonished at the on-the-spot football administration this season ... on the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which is unlikely), you know that I have been astonished at the on-the-spot football administration this season ... on the contrary, if you follow me on social media (which is unlikely), you know that I have been astonished at the on-the-spot football administration this season ... and I have not only been afraid of the simple remark (which is not impossible), but also of the mechanics ... if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely astonished at the on-the-spot football management this season ... and not only do I fear the technical mistakes (which are sometimes mistaken), but the mechanics ... if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been astonished at the on-the-spot football management this season ... and not so much about the remark (which is often mistaken), but about the mechanics ... if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been astonished at the on-site football management this season ... if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the on-site football management this season ... and not only about the simple remark (which is not impossible), but about the mechanics ... if you follow me on social media (which means it is unlikely), you know that I have been completely amazed at the on-site football management this season ...