 he said. I ran away from home at the age of forty. It was a house that i had long wanted, walked by when i lived a few streets away. Eventually, he had his wish and bought it. The house was well kept, with tall, mature trees, a roof, on the roots of a huge avocado tree, a tenement was built between the branches of a great avocado tree, an apricot tree groaned during summers, apricot tree groaned during summers. It was a house i had long wanted to own, passed by when i lived a few streets away. At last he did the right thing and bought it. I left home at forty years old. It was a house I had long wanted to own, he passed it by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house that he had long wanted to own, passed it by when he lived a few blocks away. It was well-kept, with tall, mature trees, a roof, on the roots of a huge avocado tree, a tenement was built between the branches of the avocado tree, and an apricot tree groaned during summer, and apricot tree groaned during summer. At last he did the right thing and bought it. I spent hours in the garden creating flower beds and planting new trees. I ran away at the age of forty. I left home at the age of forty. I was forced to leave home at the age of forty. It was a house he had wanted for a long time, passed by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house he had long wanted to own, he passed it by when I lived a few streets away. The house was well kept, with high mature trees, a roof on the roots of a huge avocado tree, a tenement was built between the branches of the avocado tree, and the apricot tree groaned in summer and the apricot tree groaned in summer. At last he did the right thing and bought it. I went away at forty years old. It was a house he had wanted to own for a long time, he passed it by when I lived a few streets away. He was already married, he had taken a baby squirrel and brought him up into adulthood, turning the house into his own. I was always in the garden making flower beds and planting trees. He was already married, he had taken a little squirrel and brought him to adulthood, and he had made the house his own. I had long wanted to own it, but he had passed it by when I lived a few streets away. He had wanted it for a long time, passed it by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house that he had wanted to own for a long time, passed by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house that he had long wanted, passed by when he lived a few streets away. It was well maintained, with tall mature trees, a roof on the roots of a large avocado tree, a tenement was built between the branches of the avocado tree, and an apricot tree trembled during summer, and an apricot tree trembled during summer. At last he did the right thing and bought it. I left home at forty. It was a house he had long wanted to own, he passed it by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house he had long wanted to own, he passed it by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house he had wanted to own for a long time, passed it by when I lived a few streets away. It was a house he had long wanted to own, passed by when I lived a few streets away. I sat in the garden every day, making flower beds and planting trees.