 ‘Tell me,’ said Kwqc. ‘ For just two weeks, she’s been in the habit of being what she most wanted to be, a mother. Now her friends and family in Wyoming, ill, are honoring the sacrifice she made to save her little girl,’ says Kwqc. Now he’s lost his friends and family in Wyoming, and they’re taking it seriously,” says Kwqc. “Still, she’s been on the point of being herself for the last two weeks, what she wanted most of all to be, a mother. And now the ill people in Wyoming, the family that was sick, are going to honor the sacrifice she made to save her little girl,” says Kwqc. carter, who was just about twenty-two on monday, had been alone with her little girl, when they heard about it. The chief of the fire said carter strapped Kaana into a car seat and dropped her from a window in the attic to save her life . "It's quite a good story, sir," said Kwqc. " Then there's the family, the sick, they honor the sacrifice she made to save her daughter." "Tell me," said Kwqc. " For two weeks she's been on the point of being what she most wanted to be, a mother. But now the sick people in Wyoming, the sick people, are paying tribute to the sacrifice she made to save her daughter. " The chief of the fire said carter strapped Kaana into a cart and dropped her from a window in the attic to save her life. . . . Sadly, there are a lot of other horror stories about the most terrible women who have done the most evil things to their children. She’s been in the habit of being the mother for two weeks, and the eldest daughter is now a mother, and the eldest daughter is now being honored by the sick people in Wyoming, and they honor the eldest daughter’s sacrifice.” “Tell me,” said Kwqc. “For two weeks she was the mother she wanted most of all. Now her friends and family in Wyoming, the ill, are also recognizing the sacrifice she made to save her daughter. The chief of the fire said carter strapped Kaana into a cart and dropped her from a window in the attic to save her life. The chief of the fire said that carter strapped Kaana into a car seat and dragged her from a window in the attic to save her life. “She may have torn her little girl away from the house, but she was afraid of being sucked down by the fire if it were right below her ... Sadly, there are many horror stories about the most terrible women who have done the most evil deeds to their children. “Tell me,” said Kwqc. “And then the sick people in Wyoming, the sick, are paying tribute to the sacrifice she made to save her daughter.”