 That post was written by hannah chanpong... u.s. That post was written by hannah chanpong ... The U.S. securities and exchange commission has charged the estate of florida investor k. wayne mcleod with creating a ponzi scheme for the protection of an estimated 260 police officers. . . . mcleod, a principal at Florida investment company, had apparently raised at least $ 34 million since 1988, by lured active and retired government employees to the "Febge" debt fund, which promised annual returns of eight to ten percent. But the estate of mcleod, a principal of the Florida investment company, had apparently raised, since 1988, more than $ 34 million, from active and retired government workers to the "Febge" treasury, which promised to return eight to ten percent, at an annual rate of eight to ten percent. The estate of mcleod is alleged to have failed to obtain financing from the febge treasury, which, the report says, did not exist. This article was written by hannah chanpong . . . . the report says that the "Febge" treasury did not exist . . . . . mcleod, a principal at the Florida-based investment company, had apparently raised at least $ 34 million since 1988, by enticing active and retired government employees to the febge treasury, which promised them annual returns of eight to ten percent. I, a principal in the Florida Company, said that he had raised, in the course of the past twenty years, more than $ 34 million, by way of the "Febge" bond fund, which promised a return of eight to ten percent. . . . mcleod, a principal in the Florida Company, had apparently raised, in the course of the last twenty years, more than $ 34 million, from the active and retired government employees to the “Febge” bond fund, which promised a return of eight to ten percent, an annual rate of eight to ten percent. This article was written by hannah chanpong... he says the bond fund does not exist . . . mcleod, a principal in the Florida Company, apparently raised, in 1988, more than $ 34 million from active and retired government workers to the “Febge” bond fund, which promised to return eight to ten percent, at an annual rate of eight to ten percent. . . . . mcleod, the principal of the Florida Company, apparently has already raised more than $ 34 million from active and retired government workers to the “Febge” bank, which promised to return eight to ten percent, at an annual rate of eight to ten percent.