 It was very young, the teen was very smart, and the light of the community that has seen the whole of the potentially intelligent girls not only besmirch their education, but a lot of them are unable to come. . . . In order to attract more students, a special process was introduced . . . a special competition was held to attract more students. This girl was very young, a very intelligent girl, and the light of the community, who had seen all the more intelligent girls not only interfere with their education, but a lot of them are not able to come. . . . In order to get more students, a special entry process was instituted . . . She applied, passed the examinations, and received . . . in chemistry. “This girl was very young, very intelligent, and the light of the community, who saw the whole of the most intelligent girls, not only spoiled their education, but many of them are unable to come ... To get more students, a special process was introduced ... a special competition was held to attract more students ... and for a certain number of students, a special process was instituted... and she took the exam and was awarded a chemistry diploma. With this painful experience and the experience, she lived daily wanting to be part of an educational system that does not discriminate, and patient enough to bring the poor student to the level of academic excellence that their imagination and inclination can bring them ... with this story and with this frightful experience, she lived every day looking for the opportunity to be part of an educational system without barriers, and one that does not discriminate, but patient enough to bring the worse student to the level of the academic excellence that his desire and ability will give him ... but for ucc's inability to recruit a certain number of students, an educational system that does not recognize only those who perform well in exams would have deprived ghana and the world of such a gem. " This girl was very young, a very intelligent girl, and the light of the community who saw all the intelligent girls not only spoiled their education, but a lot of them are unable to come. This girl was very young, a very intelligent girl, and the light of the community who saw all the smart girls not only spoiled their education, but many of them are unable to come. To attract more students, a special process was introduced ... a special competition was held for the more intelligent students. This girl applied, passed the examinations, and received a diploma in chemistry. For the sake of attracting more students, a special process was introduced ... a special competition was held for the most intelligent students ... with this tragic experience and with this terrible experience, she lived day after day looking for the opportunity to be part of an educational system that does not discriminate and patient enough to bring the least student to the level of academic excellence that his own talent and aptitude would give him. ... For the sake of ucc's inability to attract a certain number of students, an educational system that does not recognize only those who perform well in exams would have deprived ghana and the world of such a treasure. With this tragic experience and this terrible experience, she longed to be part of an educational system that does not discriminate, and patient enough to bring the most disinterested student to the level of academic excellence that his desire and aptitude could bring him.