 The cats have been out on the field for the day—it was hot, it was a hot one—and here are a couple of observations which my pal had probably drawn from the field a lot earlier, but now he’s having a well-deserved day off. The cats have been out on the field for the day, it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend, probably, had been able to make a lot of before, but now he has a very good day off. The defense is so far ahead of last year that it is useless to compare. ... - Huge defensive moves by rico murray and pawel kruba at linebacker ... The cats were out on the field yesterday - it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend, probably, had been able to make a lot before, but now he has a very good day off. The defense is so far ahead of last year that it is useless to compare it. The cats were out on the field today, it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend, probably, had been able to make many before, but now he has a very good day off. . . . The entire players were all down in the air, which was a heavy one for us, and we will talk about this in the main column today (which is about ted laurent) . . . . Yes, jeremiah masoli was the chief, yes, no . . . And yesterday the cats were out on the field, it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend, probably, was able to make a lot of before, but now he has a very good day off. The boys were out on the field yesterday, it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend, probably, was able to make a lot of before, but now he has a very good day off. The boys were out on the field yesterday, it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend probably was able to make many, but now he has a very good day off. The boys were all in the air, which was a very heavy one for us, and we will talk about this in the main column (which is about ted laurent) . . . The boys were out on the field yesterday - it was hot, it was hot, and here are two observations that my friend probably was able to make many before, but now he has a very good day off. The defense is so far ahead of last year that it is useless to compare.