 This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this difficult season. The abc television drama "Samantha, who is she?" has been one of the most popular and impactful parts of the season, and a major component of the show's success is the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy as Dena, the childhood friend of christina applegate 's title character. Dena is so pretty and bubbly, but then there was that scene in the pilot in which she confessed that she and Sam were not friends, but that she had been 'embarrassing everybody' The dramatic drama ‘Samantha, who is she?’ was one of the most popular and impressive episodes of the season, and the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of the character of Christina applegate. This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this difficult season. Dena is so pretty and lively, but then there was that scene in the pilot where she confessed that she and Sam were not friends, but that she was ‘irritating everyone’ and that made her very interesting ... but if she was crazy enough to do this, what could she do? /sent> This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this tumultuous season. The drama Susanna, who is she? was one of the most popular and impressive episodes of the season, and the charming and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate. This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this difficult season. Dena is so pretty and merry, but then she was revealed in the pilot in which she admitted that she and Sam were not friends, but that she “irritated” everyone and that was very interesting... but if she was mad enough to do that, what could she do? The drama drama “Samantha, who is she?” was one of the most popular and impressive episodes of the season, and the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of the title character Christina applegate. The drama drama “Samantha, who is she?” was one of the most popular and notable episodes of the season, and the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate’s title character. Dena is so pretty and happy, but then she was in the pilot, telling us that she and Sam were not friends, but that she “irritated everyone,” and that was very interesting . . . but if she was crazy enough to do this, what could she do? This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this challenging season. The abc television drama Susanna, who is she? was one of the most popular and most impressive episodes of the season, and the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate. This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this difficult season. Dena is so pretty and cheerful, but then she was revealed in the pilot where she admitted that she and Sam were not friends, but that she “irritated” all and that was very interesting ... but if she was mad enough to do that, what could she do? The drama drama “Samantha, who is she?” was one of the most popular and notable episodes of the season, and the charming and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate. Dena is so pretty and lively, but then in the pilot she confessed that she and Sam were not friends, but that she “irritated” everyone and that was very interesting... but if she was mad, what would she do? This week a disheveled impostor has emerged as one of the triumphant titles of this difficult season. The drama drama Susanna, who is she? was one of the most popular and impressive episodes of the season, and the charming and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate. The drama drama “Samantha, who is she?” was one of the most popular and impressive episodes of the season, and the witty and charming performance of melissa mccarthy played the role of Dena, the childhood friend of Christina applegate. Dena is so pretty and bright, but then she was revealed in the pilot in which she admitted that she and Sam were not friends, but that she "irritated" everyone, and that was very interesting ... but if she was crazy enough to do that, what could she do?