 , on monday, the 9th of april, the city of redwood city approved an ordinance allowing cannabis businesses in the green zone. . . . That courtesy of redwood city . . . And . . . On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood voted on an ordinance to allow the cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. That's what courtesy of redwood city... , on monday night, the city council voted 5-4—jeffrey gee, and vice mayor diane howard, voting against it. . . . In the green zone, you can find the seaport boulevard east of highway 101, and the west end of veterans boulevard. . . . So far as they're concerned, the city keeps them on the industrial side of the town, and it's too strict. On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance that allowed the cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. And ... And ... on monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance permitting the cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. The green zone is located in the southern end of the port, near the 101 boulevard and in the west end of veterans boulevard. That’s what the city of redwood passed ... That’s what the city of redwood passed ... on the night of the 9th of April the council of the city of redwood passed a vote 5-4, with jeffrey gee and vice mayor diane howard voting against the ordinance. It's a green zone in the south of the port, near the 101 boulevard, and west of Veterans Boulevard. This is the red zone ... And ... On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance allowing cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance allowing cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance that allows cultivation of cannabis in the green zone. That's what the city of redwood passed ... On the evening of the 9th of April, the council of the city of redwood passed a 5-4 vote, jeffrey gee and vice mayor diane howard voting against the ordinance. The green zone is located on the southern end of the port, near the 101 boulevard and on the west end of veterans boulevard. They can be found in the green zone in the southern end of the port, near the 101 boulevard and the west end of veterans boulevard. And ... On Monday, March 9, the city of redwood passed an ordinance for the cultivation of marijuana. That's what the city of redwood passed ... On the night of the 9th of April, the city council voted 5-4, with jeffrey gee and vice mayor diane howard voting against it.