 “When I’m finished, you’ll be given your turn . . . “The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint , michigan on March 6, 2016 . . .” “The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan on March 6, 2016 . . .“When I am done, you will be given your turn . . . for those of you who have managed to defeat pdf (post-election fatigue) and who have remained for so long: pat yourself on the back! tonight we are following hillary clinton and bernie sanders as they face each other on the cnn debate stage in flint, michigan . . . , check back here to see who will be vindicated and who will be baffled when moderator anderson cooper asks the dems about flint’s water crisis, mass incarceration and the state of the auto industry . . .” "The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan, March 6, 2016 ... " "When I'm finished, you'll be given your turn. . . . for those of you who got over pdf (post-election fatigue), and for whom you've been for so long, please pat yourselves on the back! For those of you who've made it through the election and have stayed so long, let's go! " The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan, March 6, 2016 ... " Today they're meeting hillary clinton and bernie sanders on the cnn stage in flint, michigan. . . . Here they can be vindicated and who'll be dazzled when moderator anderson cooper asks the dems about the water crisis, mass incarceration, and the state of the automobile industry ... " “The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan on March 6, 2016 . . . “When I am done, you will be given your turn. For those of you who have managed to overcome pdf (post-election fatigue) and who have been for so long, pat yourself on the back! The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan on March 6, 2016 . . . “When I am done, you will be given your turn . . . For those of you who have survived the election and stayed so long, pat yourself on the back! The best lines of the night were said by the journalists from the democratic debate in flint, michigan on March 6, 2016 . . . “When I am done, you will be given your turn . . . for those of you who have overcome the loss of pdf (post election fatigue) and for whom you have remained so long, pat yourself on the back! Today they will be meeting hillary clinton and bernie sanders on the radio stage in flint, michigan. . . . Or maybe, anderson, we should let the old taverns run through the town of flint . . .