 The center-right parties have won the parliamentary elections in Europe, and the results have been announced today . . . If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were wrong . . . “The centre-right parties have won the European elections, and they have announced the results of their election today . . . If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken . . . And politicians have played their part too . . . If you thought the crisis of the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken . . . if you thought the crisis of the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken . . . And the right was already reflected in other national elections as well . . . though the next presidential election is only three years away, la vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against president jose luis rodriguez zapatero . . . If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, then you were mistaken . . . And politicians were involved too . . . The centre-right parties have won the European elections and the results are announced today... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... And the right has been manifested in other national elections as well ... though the next presidential election is three years away, la vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against the president jose luis rodriguez zapatero ... britain's conservative party outperformed labour, which made it even more difficult for the embattled gordon brown to reassure his supporters that he will survive the threatening calls to leave. The centre-right parties have won the European elections and they are announced today... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... And the right has been expressed in other national elections... Although the presidential election is only three years away, the vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against the president jose luis rodriguez zapatero... and the right has been manifested in other national elections... although the next presidential election is only three years away, the vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against the president jose luis rodriguez zapatero ... and the right is manifested in other national elections too ... if you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... if you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... The centre-right parties have won the European elections and the results are announced today. If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... If you thought that the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were mistaken ... And the right was expressed in other national elections ... although the presidential election is only three years away, the vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against the president jose luis rodriguez zapatero... And the right was expressed in other national elections ... although the presidential election is only three years away, the vanguardia reports that rafael rajoy, the head of the conservative party and a presidential candidate, is calling for a vote of no confidence against the president jose luis rodriguez zapatero ... And the right has already been manifested in other national elections ... if you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were wrong ... if you thought the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were wrong ... if you thought the crisis of the financial crisis had given capitalism a bad name, you were wrong ...