 Sometimes people experience a diarrheal episode twice a year, which disappears in a couple of days. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent the diarrhea from occurring . . . Once in a while, it may occur to some people to have an episode of diarrhea which disappears in a few days. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent it from happening . . . there are also some foods that are not to be eaten in the event of a diarrhea, and there are other ways to keep from becoming dehydrated. A diarrheal episode is a bowel movement that is more liquid than solid or has a loose texture . . . Once in a while it’s possible to have a stomach ache which disappears in a few days. There are also foods that are not to be eaten if the stomach ache is torn, and there are also some ways to keep from becoming dehydrated. Sometimes people experience a stomach ache twice a year, which disappears in a few days. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent the stomach ache. It’s a common condition and usually occurs twice a year. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent it. A bowel movement that is more liquid than solid, or has a loose texture . . . But a watery stool like toast may help to absorb the water and help ease the symptoms of diarrhea. A man’s diarrhea is a bowel movement that is more liquid than solid, or has a loose texture. Some people experience a bowel movement that disappears in a few days – and it is a common condition, and usually occurs twice a year. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent it. Sometimes it occurs twice a year – it disappears in a couple of days. One can also have a bowel movement that is more liquid than solid, or has a loose texture. There are also foods that cannot be eaten if the stomach is torn, and there are also some ways of keeping from becoming dehydrated. One can have a bowel movement that is more liquid than solid, or has a loose texture... but it’s a watery stool like toast that absorbs the water and alleviates the symptoms of diarrhea. Sometimes it’s possible to have a bowel movement that disappears in a few days. Fortunately, there are many ways to prevent it. The diet is important if you have a bowel movement like that. There are also some foods you mustn’t eat in case of a bowel movement like that ...