 The invasion of islamic iraq and the expedition of the levant into iraq two years ago has had “a remarkable turn,” said the British army general ... gen. rupert jones, deputy commander, the joint task force of the mixed force, in the presence of reporters yesterday, said. in the presence of reporters yesterday, Gen. Rupert Jones, deputy commander, the coalition of mixed forces, said in a teleconference from Baghdad, "Gentleman Rupert Jones said that the alliance has developed in the last year to the advantage of the iraqi army, " and that there are more than four, five hundred troops who are to be trained to defend the iraqi army, and to form long-range protection and security when the Mosul is retaken. " The invasion of islamic iraqi and the expedition of the Levant to the iraqi army in two years has taken "a remarkable turn", " the British army general said. "It's been a year since the iraqi army resisted, but it is still resisting ," he added, adding that more than four, 500 troops are now being trained to protect the iraqi army, and to maintain the security and strength of the forces of the area, when mosul is retaken. On the third day, when a teleconference came in from Baghdad, Gen. Rupert Jones, Deputy Commander of the Mixed Forces, said: “Gentleman Rupert Jones has said that the alliance has been developed in the last year for the benefit of the iraqi army, and that more than four, five hundred troops are to be trained to defend the iraqi army and to maintain the security and strength of the forces of the area, in the event of a retake of Mosul. “The invasion of islamic iraqi and the expedition of the Levant to iraqi two years ago has been a ‘terrible turn’, said the British army general ... Gen. Rupert Jones, deputy commander of the joint task force, was on the phone yesterday in Baghdad, “Gentleman Rupert Jones said that this coalition has been developing for a year for the advantage of the iraqi army, and that there are already more than four, five hundred troops trained to defend the iraqi army, and to strengthen the security and security of the forces of the area, when mosul is retaken.