 The Gdansk grand cherokee is one of the brightest stars of the coupé, which in 2011 drove Chrysler, which was now dominated by his fiat, to an increase of 26 percent in sales, and thereby raising its share in the U.S. market ... He said yesterday that it was about to start a diesel version of the Grand Chekhovee, the first diesel car it has been built. The grand chekhovee is one of the brightest stars of the coupé. It soared in 2011 when, despite the collapse of the first car, Chrysler grew by an extra two-fifths, and then by a hundred-percent. In Gdansk, the grand cherokee was one of the brightest stars of the coupé, and was the very star of the revolution in 2011 when, despite the collapse of the first vehicle, Chrysler increased by an extra two-fifths and then by a hundred-percent. The grand cherokee was the star of the coupé. It rose in 2011 when, despite the collapse of the first, Chrysler grew by an extra two-fifths, and then by a hundred-percent. . . . Yesterday, chrysler announced the start of a diesel version of the Grand Chekhovee, the first diesel model. The news of the new diesel version of the Grand Chekhovee was buried in the announcement that chrysler would add a third production shift at its Detroit plant, employing 110,000 people in the process. The announcement that chrysler would make a third production shift at its jefferson north plant, in detroit, was announced in announcing that chrysler would hire a third, 100-worker staff, mainly at the jefferson north plant, where it currently builds the grand cherokee and the dodge durango, and is planning to add low-volume production of the maserati sport utility vehicle that was shown in the kubang concept at the frankfurt motor show last fall. The grand chekhovee is one of the brightest stars of the coupé; it has driven Chrysler, dominated by his fiat, to a 26 percent increase in sales, and thereby boosting its share in the U.S. market... The grand chekhovee is one of the brightest stars of the coupé; it has grown in 2011 when, despite the collapse of the first car, Chrysler grew by an extra two-fifth, and then by a hundred-percent. Yesterday chrysler announced the start of a diesel version of the Grand Chekhovee, the first diesel version of the car. The announcement that chrysler would make a third shift at its jefferson north plant in Detroit was buried in the announcement that chrysler would hire a third, 100-worker workforce, chiefly at the jefferson north plant, where it is currently building the Grand Chekhovee and the Dodge Durango and preparing for future low-volume production of the maserati sport utility vehicle shown in the kubang concept at the frankfurt motor show. Yesterday chrysler announced the start of a new diesel version of the Grand Chekhovee, the first diesel version of it. The grand chekhovee was the 'star' of the coupé,' and it was the very star of the revolution in 2011 when, despite the collapse of the first car, Chrysler grew by an extra two-fifths, and then by a hundred-percent. In Gdansk, the grand chekhovee was one of the 'stars' of the coupé, which in 2011 the company, which was now dominated by his fiat, was grown by an extra two-fifths and then by a hundred-percent.