 “Jeff Martin of reuters” (Karl Mason) : “May I follow you on your heels, president. Why should American citizens and president trump believe your assertion that Russia did not interfere in the election, in view of the evidence provided by us intelligence agencies? Will you not consider an extradition of the 12 russian officials convicted last week by a grand jury in the us? “Jeff Martin of Reuters” (Karl Mason) “can I follow you on your heels, president? Why should the American public and the President trump believe you have asserted that Russia did not interfere in the election, with the evidence available to us by our intelligence agencies? - Well, i will let the President - trump, answer the second part of that question - - the idea of that did not arise from trump's words, but it came up as a reason why the democrats lost an election, which, as you know, they should have won, because the electoral college is more advantageous for the democrats than for the republicans. - Jerrold Martin of Reuters (Karl Mason) - "may I follow you, president? Why should the American public and the president believe you that Russia did not interfere in the election with the evidence we have gathered from our intelligence agencies? Why should the American public and the president believe that you asserted that Russia did not interfere in the election, according to the evidence available from our intelligence agencies? " Well, i will let the president - trump, answer the second part of this question - - this does not come from the words of trump, but is a reason why the democrats lost an election, which, as you know, they should have won, because the electoral college is more advantageous for the democrats than for the republicans. “Jeff Martin of Reuters” (Karl Mason) “can I follow you, president? why should the American public and the president believe that you have asserted that Russia did not interfere in the election, according to the evidence we have gathered from our intelligence agencies? Well, I’ll let the president trump answer the second part of this question—that didn’t arise from the words of trump, but was a reason why the Democrats lost an election, which, as you know, they should have won, because the electoral college is more favorable for the Democrats than for the Republicans. What, in the case of Jerrold Martin of Reuters (Karl Mason), he says, “will I follow you on your heels, President? Will you not consider the extradition of the 12 russian officials who were convicted of fraud last week by a grand jury in the us? Well, i will let the President - trump answer the second part of this question - this does not originate from trump's words, but is a reason why the Democrats lost an election, which, as you know, they should have won, because the electoral system is more advantageous for the Democrats than for the Republicans. "