 - last season - 33 - 6 - lost to florida State in the second round of the ncaa tournament ... who is left: coach chris mack (louisville) , guard trevon bluiett , guard j ... p ... " who is back: junior guard quentin goodin (25.7 points per game) is xavier's most experienced returning player and will be the team's leader, along with sophomore guard naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. . . . " Macura, forward kerem kanter, forward kaiser gates, forward Sean o' mara. . . . . who is back: junior point guard quentin goodin (22.8 points per game) is the most experienced returning player and will be one of the team's leaders, along with junior forward naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. - last season, 32 - 6 - lost to Florida State in the second round of the ncaa tournament... who is left: coach chris mack (louisville), guard trevon bluiett, guard j . p . - who is back: junior point guard quentin goodin (22.7 points per game) is the most experienced player and will be the leader, along with junior guard naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. Mcura, forward Kerem kanter, forward Kaiser gates, forward Sean o' mara. [11] marshall averaged 7 . . . marshall averaged 7 . . . and is xavier's most varied offensive player. Mcura, forward Kerem kanter, forward Kaiser gates, forward Sean o’ mara. . . . and is a Xavier most enduring player. . . . . last season, 32–6—failed Florida State in the second round of the ncaa tournament... who’s left: coach chris mack (louisville), guard trevon bluiett, guard j . . . . . “ who’s back: junior guard quentin goodin (22.7 points per game) is a most experienced returning player and will be the team leader, along with junior guard naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. Mcura, forward Kerem kanter, forward Kaiser gates, forward Sean o’ mara.5 marshall averaged 7 . . . and is xavier’s most varied offensive player. • Marshall averaged 7 . . . marshall averaged 7 . . . and is xavier’s most varied offensive player. - last season, 32- 6 - failed to get past Florida State in the second round of the ncaa ... who's left: coach chris mack (louisville), guard trevon bluiett, guard j... - who's back: junior guard quentin goodin (22.7 points per game) is the most experienced player and will be the leader, along with junior guard naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. Mcura, forward Kerem kanter, forward Kaiser gates, forward Sean o' mara ... marshall averaged 7 ... marshall averaged 7 ... and is a Xavier most enduring player ... Marshal averaged 7 ... marshall averaged 7 ... and is a Xavier most enduring player ... Marshall averaged 7 ... marshall averaged 7 ... and is a Xavier most enduring player ... who is new: three graduate students ... in the last season, 32 - 6 - loses to Florida State in the second round of the ncaa ... who is left: coach chris mack (louisville) , guard trevon bluiett , guard j ... ... [f] who is back: junior guard quentin goodin (22.7 points per game) is the most experienced player and will be the leader, along with junior guard naji marshall, who played 18 games last season. Marshall averaged 7 ... marshall averaged 7 ... marshall averaged 7 ... and is xavier's most enduring player ... Mcura, forward Kerem kanter, Kaiser gates, Sean o' mara.