 The buzz: a parcel of land, under the gully, is being cleared. The buzz: Palomar has cleared land under the gully . . . and that’s why. The noise: a parcel of land under the gully is being cleared. The noise: Palomar has cleared land under the gully. Here's why. The soil, and a lot of it, is moving over a hilltop plot off Mission de Oro Drive across from the shasta-cioi apartments east of interstate 5. The noise: a parcel of land under the gully . . . and that’s why. The soil, and much of it, is moving over a hillside lot on Mission de Oro Drive, a few paces from the shasta-cioi apartments, north of I-95. The noise: a parcel of land under the gully . . . That’s why. Palomar’s builders are grading a plot of land to build detached houses, as its park point neighborhood is located north of this site . . . But this plot has a peculiar twist . . . jeb allen, Palomar’s owner, told me that about 10 of the 46 apartments will have studios outside the garage . . . but that project has a peculiar twist . . . The sand is moving under a gully ... and that’s why. The sand is moving over a hillside along Mission de Oro, about ten paces from the shasta-cioi apartments, north of Interstate 5 ... The sand is moving over a hillside on Mission de Oro, a few paces from the shasta-cioi apartments north of I-95. The noise: a lot of land under a gully. Here’s why. Palomar’s builders are grading a large plot of land for detached apartments, as its park point neighborhood is located north of this site ... The demolition: a lot of land under the gully ... And that’s why. So, on a hilltop, on the Mission de Oro, a few paces from the shasta-cioi apartments, north of I-95. allen had gotten hold of the land, but it’s a multi-family estate ... The sand is moving under a gully ... and that's why. The sand is moving under a gully ... and that's why. The sand is moving under a gully ... and that's why. Here's why. The palomar builders are grading a large plot of land for detached houses, which is north of this site... The demolition: a lot of land under a gully ... And that's why. The builders are grading a large plot of land for detached houses, since the park is north of this site ... So, in a hilltop, on the Mission de Oro, a few paces from the shasta-cioi apartments north of I-95, sand is moving over a hill on the Mission de Oro, about ten paces from the shasta-cioi apartments, north of I-95, sand is moving over a hill on the Mission de Oro, about ten paces from the shasta-cioi apartments, north of I-95. It is a weird position. But this spot has a peculiar angle... jeb allen, the owner of Palomar, said that about 10 of the 46 apartments will have studios ... but that project has a peculiar angle ...