 As a result, tens of thousands of people have been flogged and hundreds of thousands have died in prisons in Syria since March 2011 , the beginning of a crisis that has so forced so many to flee. The civil and military workers, the business people, the students, the bloggers, the university professors, the lawyers, the doctors, and the journalists are in danger. There are tens of thousands of men who have been flogged and hundreds of thousands who have been executed in Syria since March 2011 in the height of a crisis that has driven so many to flee. This has resulted in the death of tens of thousands of people and the death of hundreds of thousands in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that has forced so many to flee. Civil and military workers, men, women, children - they are in danger. There are tens of thousands of people flogged and hundreds of thousands executed in Syria since March 2011 – the height of the crisis that so shocked so many. Civil and military workers, men, women, children – they are all in danger. Criminals and military workers, the workers, the business people, the students, the bloggers, the university professors, the lawyers, the doctors, and the journalists are all in danger. The death of tens of thousands of people and hundreds of thousands of people in prisons in Syria since March 2011 has killed tens of thousands and killed hundreds of thousands since then – the beginning of the crisis that so forced so many to flee. In consequence, tens of thousands of people have been flogged and hundreds of thousands executed in Syria since March 2011 – the beginning of the crisis that has so compelled so many to flee. Civil and military workers, people, women, children, all are in danger. The people of the civil service, the people, the people of the commercial service, the people of the business community, the people of the publishing house, the people of the journalists, all in danger. The civil service workers, the people of the editorial staff, the people of the tradesmen, the students, the bloggers, the university professors, the lawyers, the doctors, the journalists are in danger. In consequence, tens of thousands of people have been flogged and hundreds of thousands killed in prisons in Syria since March 2011—the beginning of a crisis that has so forced so many to flee. The criminals and the military workers, the workers, the businesspeople, the students, the bloggers, the university professors, the lawyers, the doctors, and the journalists are in danger. Then tens of thousands of people have been killed and hundreds of thousands murdered in prisons in Syria since March 2011, in the midst of the crisis that has so shocked so many. The criminals and the military workers, men, women, children—they are all in danger. The death of tens of thousands of people and hundreds of thousands of people in prisons in Syria since March 2011 has killed tens of thousands and killed hundreds of thousands since then, the beginning of the crisis that so scared so many people. Civil and military workers, men, women, children—they are all in danger. Many of the people we spoke to said that they had been beaten with plastic pipes, silicone bars and wooden sticks. The people of the civil service, the people of the commercial service, the people of the trades, the people of the publishing house, the people of the journalists are all in danger. The people of the civil service, the people of the editorial service, the people of the tradesmen, the people of the journalists, the people of the civil service, the people of the workers, the people of the staff, the people of the journalists, the people of the soldiers, the people of the armed forces, the people of the armed forces, they are all in danger. The death of tens of thousands of people and hundreds of thousands of people in prisons in Syria since March 2011 killed tens of thousands and killed hundreds of thousands, the beginning of a crisis that so frightened so many. And therefore tens of thousands of people were killed and hundreds of thousands killed in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that forced so many to flee. In consequence, tens of thousands of people were killed and hundreds of thousands killed in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that so frightened so many. Civil and military workers, men, women, children - all in danger. They were beaten with sticks, with plastic tubes, with a glass case and with sticks, with hot water and cigarettes, some were forced to stand in water and beaten with electric shocks. These were the criminals and the military workers, men, women, children, they were all in danger. There were tens of thousands of people killed and hundreds of thousands killed in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that forced so many to flee. This death caused tens of thousands of people to die in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that compelled so many to flee. In consequence, tens of thousands of people were killed and hundreds of thousands murdered in prisons in Syria since March 2011 - the beginning of a crisis that so frightened so many.