 acclaimed director ridley scott shows off his concrete on his hands . . . . concrete was prepared for acclaimed director ridley scott who was immortalized in concrete when he put his hand and foot prints in front of the tcl chinese theater in Hollywood, california, on wed, 17 . . . You’ll see this concrete hand on the ground in front of the tcl chinese theatre in Hollywood, California, on the morning of the 17th ... but today, on the day before today, the majestic cinema is celebrating the tcl chinese theater’s 90th anniversary, the legendary movie theatre is set to celebrate the historic past and welcome 20 000 visitors from all over the world ... on Wednesday, the tcl chinese theater will be celebrating 90 years of its legendary status as the grand dame of hollywood Boulevard, hosting 20 000 visitors from all over the world. ... for four years, the slender memorial has been given a long and multimillion-dollar makeover, a transformation which makes its crumbling appearance look like the old actors who have placed their hands and feet in the cement courtyard. You will see that hand on the ground in front of the tcl chinese theater in Hollywood, California, on the morning of the 17th ... but today, the day before today, the tcl chinese theatre is celebrating its 90th anniversary, the famous cinema celebrates its past, welcomes more than 20 000 guests from all over the world ... the bronze hand in front of the tcl chinese theater in Hollywood, California ... after four years of its construction, the slender monument has been given a long and multimillion-dollar makeover, a transformation that makes its crumbling exterior look like the old actors, who put their hands and feet in the cement courtyard. ... The great director ridley scott shows off his concrete hand on the ground in front of the tcl chinese theater in Hollywood, California, morning of the 17th ... but today, on the day before today, the legendary cinema is celebrating the 90th anniversary of the tcl chinese theater, a famous cinema and a host of 20 000 guests from all over the world ... You will see this concrete hand on the ground in front of the tcl chinese theater in Hollywood, California, on the morning of the 17th ...