 However, it would have been a great surprise if it had been hit recently, since it has been a busy stock for several weeks; however, the recent peak might have accelerated quite significantly, especially with the media attention that this stock has attracted recently. . . . whenever a stock or market is mentioned, it is generally at a turn, and usually at a high or low point; in this case i can make a bold statement that there is enough of a gyration in the case that the advance from the January lows has ended in an impulse (i.e., a five-wave rally). It would have been a great surprise if it had been hit recently, for it has been a very busy stock for several weeks; however, the recent peak might have been very much accelerated, particularly since the stock has been so very hot recently. And yet, the recent peak might have increased quite significantly, especially with the attention which this stock has been receiving recently. Any mention of a stock or market generally takes place at a point, usually a high or a low point; in this case, i can remark boldly that there is enough of a gyration in the case, in the case of the January lows, that the march from the January lows has ended in an impulse (i.e., a five-wave rally). To support the more bearish idea (idea 1) and a large movement lower to at least revert the march from the April 2018 lows, then I would like to see a move below 24 ... If it were hit recently, it would be a great surprise if it had been hit recently, for it has been a very busy stock for several weeks; but the recent peak might have been very much accelerated, particularly since the stock has been so hot recently. And yet, the recent peak might have been quite significantly increased, especially since the attention that this stock has recently attracted. If we have any idea of what to do, and if we want to keep the positive outlook (idea 1) and bring it back to the April 2018 lows, then I would like to see a move below 24 ... however, if we see a great move below 24 ... well then, it would be very surprising if it had been hit recently, because it has been such a hot stock for several weeks now, but the recent peak might have been much accelerated, particularly as the stock has been so hot lately. When a stock or market is mentioned, it is generally at a turn, usually at a high or a low point; in this case, I can boldly say that there is enough momentum in the case, in the case of the January lows, that the march from the January lows has ended in an impulse (i.e., a five-wave rally).