 - "The persistent weakness of the eurozone economy will cause imports and exports through north-eastern ports to decline this year, a new report predicts. - "We see weak consumer demand and a consequently bad effect on the carriers, who continue to offer far too much capacity, resulting in extremely low freight rates . . . " 2015 will be as bad for the carriers as 2009 was for them . . . "We can see weak consumer demand and a consequently ill-fated effect on the carriers, who have far too much capacity, which results in extremely low rates. " The report warns that this year the shipping costs at north-eastern ports will fall by a factor of eight percent, to 14 . . . " The latest edition of the north-eastern port forecasting report, from hackett associates and the bremen-based institute of shipping economics and logistics, comes as asia-europe spot rates are suffering from a steep fall in the past year. " The firm's dire outlook in the latest edition of the North-European port market, compiled by the company of "the hackers" and "the bremen", comes as asia-europe's spot rates are unable to recover from a steep decline in prices in the previous year. A new report from Hackett, Associate, and Bremen, the Institute of Shipping Economics and Logistics, predicts that in 2015 there will be a decline in imports and exports through the north-eastern ports. " - "The continual weakness of the Eurozone economy will cause imports and exports to be lost in the north-eastern ports, according to a new report. " We see a decline in the demand for shipping goods, and a consequently depressed effect on the carriers, who have far too much capacity and can offer extremely low rates ... " The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from Hackett Associates and the Bremen Institute of shipping, according to the company "hijacks" and the "bremen", indicates that the asia-europe spot prices cannot recover from a steep decline in the last year. The latest report of the North-Eastern port forecast, from the firm of hackers and the bremen, comes as the rate of asia-europe has been falling since last year. In the latest edition of the North-Eastern port forecast, issued by the company of "hijacks" and the Bremen Institute, it is mentioned that the imports of asia-europe are experiencing a steep decline. " It states that the latest North-Eastern port forecast, from Hackett and the Bremen Institute of Shipping, indicates that asia-europe's price is in decline this year. The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from Hackett and the Bremen Institute of Shipping, explains that asia-europe's rate has fallen by a factor of eight percent, from 14 . . . “We can see that demand for shipping goods is decreasing, and that in turn the carriers are experiencing an unfortunate effect on the carriers, who have far too much capacity, and therefore offer extremely low rates. The latest North-Eastern port forecast from the hackers and the bremens, from the hackers and the bremens, represents that asia-europe's rate has been falling for a year. "The firm's dire outlook on the latest North-Eastern port forecast from the hackers and the bremens, is that the asia-europe spot price has not recovered from a steep decline in prices in the last year. . . . a member of the bremens and the bremens' club of Hamburg, tells us that asia-europe's price has fallen by a factor of eight percent to 14 . . . . a member of the bremens' club, a member of the bremens' club of Hamburg, has said in the last report that imports in Europe have dipped by a quarter of percent. The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from the bremens and the bremens, indicates that asia-europe's spot prices have not recovered from the steep decline of prices in the last year. A new report from Hackett, associate, and Bremen, the Institute of Shipping Economics and Logistics, predicts that in 2015 the exports and imports of asia-europe will decline. This report, from the Hackett and the Bremen Institute of Shipping, states that the asia-europe sat a steep decline. "We see that the demand for shipping goods is decreasing and that in turn the carriers are undergoing an unfortunate effect on the carriers, who have too much capacity and therefore charge extremely low rates. " The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from the Hackett and the Bremens, predicts that asia-europe's spot price is falling by eight percent to 14 . " The report warns that the ship's costs at the North-Eastern ports will fall by eight percent to 14 . . . "The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from the Bremens and the Bremens, predicts that asia-europe's spot price has been falling for a year. " We can see that demand for shipping goods is falling, and that in turn, the carriers are suffering an unfortunate effect on the carriers, who have far too much capacity and can offer extremely low rates. The latest North-Eastern port forecast from the Bremens and the Bremens, informs us that asia-europe's price is falling for a year. "The latest North-Eastern port forecast from the Bremens and the Bremens, from the Bremens and the Bremens, explains that asia-europe's price has fallen by eight percent, to 14... a member of the Bremens and the Bremens Club of Hamburg said in the last report that imports in Europe have dipped by a quarter of percent. " The firm's dire outlook on the latest North-Eastern port forecast from the Bremens and the Bremens, from the Bremens and the Bremens, reports that the price of asia-europe has been falling for a year. The latest North-Eastern port forecast, from the Bremens and the Bremens, indicates that asia-europe's spot price has not recovered from the steep decline in prices in the last year.