 A failed attempt to scan outsourced medical records has caused a three-to-five-month delay in the memphis veteran's care, the daily visitor learned. , on the 12th of June, 2014, a photograph of the medical records room was taken. In the photo hundreds of unprocessed medical records remain idle, causing delays of up to five months ... A failed attempt to scan the patient’s medical records has a three-to-five-month delay in the care of the veteran, the daily visitor learned. The health officials of the hospital flagged the hospital in the last audit and rated it at a B-3,013 percent, for having the average wait time for the first appointment of fifty days. The medical records shown in this photograph are for patient records when the hospital refers a patient to another hospital for further medical procedures. . . . According to a whistle-maker, who preferred to remain anonymous, because they are still employed at the memphis medical center, the medical records room is used to enter patient data and medical records after a patient has been outsourced for medical tests and procedures. The day visitor learned that on June 12, 2014, a photograph of the medical records room was taken. In the photograph, hundreds of unprocessed patient records remain unprocessed, which can cause delays of up to five months ... According to a whistle-maker, who preferred to remain anonymous, because they are still employed at the memphis hospital, the medical records room is used for entering patient information and medical records when a patient has been referred to another hospital for medical tests and procedures. A failed attempt to scan the patient’s medical records caused a delay of three to five months in the veteran’s care, according to the whistle-maker. According to a whistle-maker, who preferred to remain anonymous, as he still works at the memphis hospital, the medical records room is used for entering patient data and medical records after the patient has been referred to another hospital for medical procedures and procedures. The records depicted in this photograph are for medical records when the hospital refers a patient to another hospital for further treatment.