 There are still some checks in progress for foreign nationals wishing to travel to canada by air. A biometric check at the airport is a special precaution in order to confirm that the foreigner who has applied for admission is really the same person as the originals on their passports ... /sent> For the most part, it's not necessary for foreigners to receive a passport from abroad; now it is necessary to have a biometric check at the airport before entering the country, and the biometric check is an extra check, to verify that the foreigner who has applied for admission is really the same person who was screened on the passports ... And for most people, it’s not necessary to get a passport from abroad. Now there’s a biometric screening at the airport before they leave for Canada, and the biometric screening is an extra check to ensure that the person they are applying for admission to is really the same person who was screened on their passports. . . . And in this way it’s made it more difficult for others to forge, steal or use another person’s identity to enter Canada,” said immigration minister Shane Kerr. “Such a biometric screening has made it easier for border officials to identify known criminals in advance so that they don’t come to Canada . . . ” And for most people, it's not necessary to have a passport from abroad. A biometric check at the airport is a special precaution in order to confirm that the foreigner who has applied for admission is really the same as the one screened on their passports. . . . And since 2013, personal biometric information has been required of all travellers, students and foreign workers from over 29 countries . . . Now the biometric check at the airport is a special precaution to confirm that the foreigner who has applied for admission is really the same as the original on his passport . . . and this kind of biometric check has made it easier for the officials at the border to distinguish known criminals in advance so that they don't come to Canada . . .