 The record low and negative interest rates in developed countries have created a panic among investors and forced them out of their comfort zones and into risky emerging markets, according to experts. But the situation is not a matter of the attractiveness of the sector. On the contrary, economic growth has been stagnant, since the crisis of 2008 / 09, and a threat of a u . . ” The record low, negative interest rates of developed countries have caused a panic among investors, and has driven them out of their comfort zones and into unsafe emerging markets, according to analysts. But the situation is not the cause of attractiveness of the sector. It is true that economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008 / 09, and a threat of U . . ” It is true that economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008 , there is a u ... “ The record low, negative interest rates of developed countries have created a ruckus in investors and forced them out of their comfort zones and into unsafe emerging markets, according to analysts. But the ruckus is not a cause of attractiveness. It is true that economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008 , there is a u ... ” brett diment, head of emerging market debt at aberdeen investment management, sees a diversification of the em-debt by the insurance and pension industry. But the situation is not the reason for attractiveness. On the contrary, economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008 , there is a u ... ” The record low and negative interest rates in developed countries have created a ruckus among investors and forced them out of their comfort zones and into dangerous emerging markets, according to experts. But the ruckus is not the reason for the attractiveness of the sector. The record low and negative interest rates in developed countries have awoken investors and driven them out of their comfort zones and into dangerous emerging markets, according to experts. It is true that economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008, and there is a threat of u . . ” bret diment, head of emerging market debt at aberdeen, sees diversification in the em-debt of the insurance and pension industry. But the crisis is not the cause of attractiveness. It is true that economic growth has stagnated since the crisis of 2008, and there is a threat of u . . ”