 Thus centralizing procurement, diversifying supplier pools and assessing the capabilities of each manufacturing partner will help reduce or eliminate recalls. In 1982, 31 million bottles of johnson and johnson's tylenol were recalled, and cost the company more than 100 million roubles. In 1982, 31 million tylenol bottles were recalled, costing the company more than 100 million roubles. Moreover, taking care of the production of goods, diversifying supplies, and evaluating the abilities of each company, will prevent or eliminate recalls. Accordingly, bridgestone and firestone recalled an estimated 6 million tires after ford explorers and mercury mountaineers used these tires experienced tread separation . . . Not only did ford spend $ 440 million on this catastrophe, for the ford bill was more than 3 billion roubles, and not to mention the ten thousand lawsuits brought against the tires by victims who have suffered great injuries themselves, or who are seeking compensation for deceased relatives. In 1982, 31 million tylenol bottles were recalled, and cost the company over 100 million rubles. In addition, centralizing procurement, diversifying supplier pools and assessing the capabilities of each supplier will prevent or prevent recalls. Indeed, this is not only a mistake of $ 440 million; the bill for this misfortune is three billion, and not to mention ten thousand lawsuits, such as those that have suffered great injury or who are seeking compensation for relatives who have been harmed by this damage. Moreover, concentrating on the production of goods, diversifying products and assessing the capabilities of each company will prevent or eliminate recalls. In 2004 merck, the pharmaceutical company, recalling the rheumapane vioxx, because it was found that those who had taken the drug for at least 18 months were at a higher risk of heart attacks and strokes. In 1982, 31 million bottles of johnson and johnson’s tylenol were recalled, and cost the company more than 100 million rubles. Not only did ford spend $ 440 million on this disaster, but it cost ford more than three billion, and not to mention the ten thousand lawsuits against the tires of the injured persons or the relatives of the deceased.