 “We are now under a warning, which gives twenty-seven provinces of the philippine sea with a south-west abyss. Yesterday, NDRFCC spokesman Edgar posadas announced that supertyphoon ompong has slowed slightly, and as it moves westward over the philippine sea, maximum sustained winds are 205 kilometers per hour in the center and gusts up to 255 miles per hour. “I have received a warning, and it contains twenty-seven provinces of the Philippine Sea with a south-west abyss. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokesman Edgar posadas announced that supertyphoon ompong was reducing its strength slightly, and that, as it moved westward over the Philippine Sea, the maximum sustained winds were 205 miles per hour in the center, and gusts up to 255 miles per hour. I have received a warning, and it contains twenty-seven provinces of the philippine sea with a south-west abyss. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokeswoman Edgar Posadas said that supertyphoon ompong had slowed a little, and as it moved westward over the Philippine Sea, its maximum wind strength was 205 kilometers per hour in the center and gusts up to 255 miles per hour. ‘I have received a warning, and it contains twenty-seven provinces of the philippine sea with a south-west abyss. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokeswoman Edgar Posadas said that supertyphoon ompong had weakened slightly, and as it moved westward over the Philippine Sea, its maximum wind strength was 205 kilometers per hour in the centre, and gusts up to 255 miles per hour. This is the second time that the NDRFCC has given a warning, so that there are twenty-seven provinces of the philippine sea with a south-west abyss. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokesman, Edgar Posadas, said that supertyphoon ompong has weakened slightly, and as it moves westward in the Philippine Sea, its maximum strength is 205 kilometers per hour in the center and a gust of 255 kilometers per hour. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokesman, Edgar Posadas, said that supertyphoon ompong has weakened a little, and as it moves westward over the Philippine Sea, its maximum strength is 205 kilometers per hour in the center and reaches 255 kilometers per hour. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokesman, Edgar Posadas, said that supertyphoon ompong has weakened a little, and that as it moves westward over the Philippine Sea, its maximum strength is 205 kilometers per hour in the center, and its maximum gusts are 255 miles per hour. Yesterday, the NDRFCC spokesman, Edgar Posadas, said that supertyphoon ompong had weakened a little, and as it moves westward over the Philippine Sea, its maximum wind strength is 205 kilometers per hour in the center, and it is 255 kilometers per hour.