 Many apartments on the rise are inspected by many corporations, and they will refuse all applicants with poor credit. Even if there is enough income to pay for the apartment, you may be turned away if your credit is not good. Much apartment buildings, especially those on the rise, are examined by many companies, and they refuse any applicant with bad credit. Even if the income is sufficient to pay for the apartment, it is possible that you may be turned down. One way to avoid this vexation is to simply bypass the credit-crisis. Many privately owned apartments and apartment buildings do not even look at credit, preferring to find tenants with good references from former owners. Often times, although there is enough income to pay for the rent, you will be turned away if your credit is bad. Many apartments on the rise are inspected by many letting companies, and they will reject any newcomer with bad credit. Many condominiums, especially on the rise, are inspected by many letting companies, and they will refuse any person with bad credit. One way to avoid this annoyance is simply to bypass the credit quagmire. Many of the high-rise apartments and those on the rise are inspected by many letting companies, and they will not take on anyone with bad credit. If there is enough income to pay for the apartment, it is possible that it will be turned down. Many of the local residents and the tenants of the apartments rent their apartments because they are having trouble selling them in the current real estate market, so you may be able to get a very nice apartment for a very reasonable price, provided you are a good tenant and are willing to keep the apartment clean and tidy. Even if there was sufficient income to pay for the apartment, it was possible that it was turned down. One way to avoid this irritation is simply to bypass the credit quagmire. Many apartment buildings, especially those on the rise, are inspected by many letting agents and refuse any newcomer with bad credit. Many apartment homes, especially those on the rise, are inspected by many letting agents, and they will reject any newcomer with bad credit. Many of the residents and tenants of the apartments rent their apartments because they have difficulty selling them in the current market, so they can get a very nice apartment at a very reasonable price, provided they are a good tenant and willing to keep the apartment clean and tidy. However, more and more private landlords are looking at credit checks as a way of seizing the opportunities of the ******ing owners. There are many independent letting agents, many of the lodgers, many of the lodgers are inspected by many letting agents, and they will not take on anyone with bad credit. If there is enough income to pay for the apartment, it is possible that it will be turned down. One way to avoid this annoyance is simply to bypass the ***ing process. Many of the local residents and the occupiers of the apartments rent their apartments for the reason that they are struggling to sell them in the current real estate market, so that you can get a very nice apartment for a very reasonable price, provided you are a good tenant and can keep the apartment clean and tidy.