 he said. ' The envoy for the Middle East, Georgie Meier,' arrived in israel on what the israeli officials called an "opening mission. " , the eu has a new position on hamas, and the eu's foreign policy chief javier Solana said, during an interview with the ambassador from the israeli station, that the eu should keep the three conditions it had put in place to speak to the islamist group. In a sign that the international community's position on hamas is being shaken, eu foreign policy chief javier Solana said today in a message to the jerusalem station that the eu should stick to the three conditions it set for talks with the islamist group. For the Middle East, the ambassador Georgie Meier, was on a “open mission.” “The envoy for the Middle East, Georgie Meier, was on a trip to israel, on what the israeli officials called an “open trip.” In a sign that the international community’s position on hamas has changed, the eu’s foreign minister javier Solana said today in a message to the israeli station that the eu should adhere to the three conditions it had set for a meeting with the islamist group. Although this operation has been successful, in Europe there are voices in Europe saying that this policy is anachronistic and that there must be a way to avert the hand of hamas directly. ’ In a sign that the international community’s position on hamas has been shaken, eu’s foreign minister Javier Solana has said in a message to the israeli station that the eu should hold to the three conditions it had set for talks with the islamist group. “The ambassador for the Middle East, Georgie Meier, arrived in Israel on what the Israeli officials called an open mission. The ambassador for the Middle East, Georgie Meier, came to israel on what the Israeli officials called an open mission. The envoy for the Middle East, Georgie Meier, came to israel on what the Israeli officials called an open mission. Although the operation was successful, voices in Europe still say that it is anachronistic and that there must be a way to avoid the hand of the hamas. In a sign that the international community’s position on hamas has changed, the eu’s foreign minister Javier Solana said today in a message to the israeli station that the eu must adhere to the three conditions it set for talks with the islamist group. In a sign that the international community’s position on hamas has changed, the eu’s foreign minister Javier Solana said today in a message to the israeli station that the eu should adhere to the three conditions it set for the meeting with the islamist group. Although this action has been successful, in Europe there are voices in Europe that say that this policy is anachronistic and that there must be a way of avoiding hamas directly.’