 In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebrations for the university and reading was held, and st. John's students took part in a global event. , john liii filled the gymnasium to hear the principle Boehm read. The whole school, from the other side, took part in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebrations for the university and reading was celebrated, and St. John’s students took part in a global event. When the assembly in the gymnasium was complete, students were broken into smaller groups ... In Fort Saskatchewan a day of celebrations for the University and Reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students took part in a global event. The whole school from the other side participated in the global event. The children were taken to a quiet place to enjoy some stories, read to them by various staff. The whole school, from the other side, participated in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebration for the University and Reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students took part in a global event. Isabelle Morales is a student at Saint John's , weiiiiii , weiiii. In Fort Saskatchewan a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John’s students participated in a global event. The whole school participated in the global event. The entire school participated in the global event. The school from the other side took part in the global event. The whole school participated in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John’s students participated in a global event. Isabelle Morales is a student at Saint John’s , iiiiii, iiii. She is very occupied in her studies and loves to read . . . “A day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John’s students participated in a global event. At the time of the assembly in the gymnasium, a group of students was divided into groups . . . The whole school, from the other side, participated in the global event. The school from the other side took part in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students participated in a global event. In Fort Saskatchewan a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students participated in a global event. The whole school participated in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students participated in a global event. Isabelle Morales is a student at Saint John's, iiiiiiiiiii. She is very busy in her studies and loves to read ... . . . When the assembly in the gymnasium was over, students were divided into smaller groups ... The whole school participated in the global event. In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students participated in a global event. In Fort Saskatchewan, a day of celebration for the university and reading was celebrated, and Saint John's students participated in a global event.