 i'm under the pressure to announce a bill in the Senate that might affect private preschools in California . . . the bill is called SB 837, the kindergarten readiness act of 2014, and it is intended to give adequate and adequate relief to private preschools in california. I am pressed to submit a bill in the Senate that would affect private preschools in California. It is called SB 837, the Kindergarten Reception Act of 2014, and it is intended to provide adequate and sufficient relief for private preschools in california. Because of the way in which the author and co-authors have chosen to contribute to this bill, it places these 4 - year-olds in our public school system. I am required to bring a bill to the Senate that could affect private preschools in California. The bill is called SB 837, the Kindergarten Reception Act of 2014, and it aims at providing adequate and sufficient relief to private preschools in California. The author and co-authors have been given a lead in this legislation and have contributed to the bill. Besides, if this bill is passed, it will place the four-year-old children in the public school system. As a result of the way in which the author and co-authors have chosen to make a contribution, it puts these four-year-olds in our public school system. I'm under the pressure to file a bill in the Senate that might affect private preschools in California. The bill is called SB 837, the kindergarten readiness act of 2014, and it aims at providing adequate and sufficient relief to private preschools in California. Because of the fact that the author and co-authors have taken a lead in this legislation and have contributed to it, it places the four-year-olds in the public school system. Besides, if the bill is passed, it will place the four-year-olds in the public school system. For the reason that the author and co-authors have contributed, it places these four-year-olds in the public school system. four-year-olds still need help in developing social skills and gaining confidence. They need space inside and outside, and they need space inside and outside so that they can explore their surroundings. I am under a particular obligation to make a bill in the Senate that could affect private preschools in California ... the bill is called SB 837, the kindergarten readiness act of 2014, and it intends to provide adequate and sufficient relief to private preschools in California. The author and co-authors have contributed to this bill and have contributed to it, so that these four-year-olds are placed in the public school system. Because of the author and co-authors' involvement in the legislation, it places these four-year-olds in the public school system. Because of the way in which the author and co-authors have contributed to this bill, it places these four-year-olds in the public school system. I am under the pressure to pass a bill in the Senate that might affect private preschools in California. This bill is called SB 837, the kindergarten readiness act of 2014, and it aims at providing adequate and adequate relief to private preschools in California. The author and co-authors have drafted the bill and drafted the report. Because of the author and co-authors contributing to it, it places these four-year-olds in the public school system.