 (cn) – (cn) a federal court in new orleans ruled that the three-year-old method of lethal injection was overruled by the courts in mississippi, because the inmates against it had filed their complaints too late. The death-row inmates alan walker, paul woodward, earl berry, dale bishop, and gerald holland sued the state in october 2007 claiming that the lethal injection was a cruel and unusual punishment. A federal court in new orleans ruled that the method of the three-year-old lethal injection was unconstitutional because the defendants had filed their lawsuits too late. . . . The five-year-old court ruled that the defendants’ cause of action was unconstitutional, because the procedure could be challenged as early as 1997, and the prisoner did not hide the lethal injection procedure. The defendants’ actions arose between 1998 and 1999 . . . . In the fifth circuit, the defendants argued that the statute of limitations was infringed, because it could be contested as early as 1997 and that the prisoner did not hide the lethal injection procedure . But, it was a federal court in New Orleans that ruled that the three-year-old method of lethal injection was unconstitutional because the inmates against it had filed their petitions too late. The death-row inmates alan walker, paul woodward, earl berry, dale bishop, and gerald holland sued the state in the month of October 2007, claiming that lethal injection was a cruel and unusual punishment. The five-year-old court ruled that the injunction was unconstitutional because the injunction could be contested as early as 1997 and that the defendant had not concealed the execution of the execution. The court of appeals in the fifth district of New Orleans ruled that the three-year-old method of the execution was unconstitutional because the inmates opposed the execution too late. In the Fifth Circuit the inmates argued that the three-year-old limitation was unconstitutional, because the petition sought a preliminary injunction, not damages.