 , he’s confirmed that he’s not filmed thrones for a long time. Fans of the game of thrones have been considering jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow’s fifth season, but jon snow is dead, and it’s time to get used to it, echoing remarks made by several other cast members over the last nine months. A huge number of fans of the game of thrones had been thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow. But jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoed remarks made by a number of other cast members during the past nine months. sent> speaking of the anxious fan response that jon snow received on the night watch by the night watch, he said: “I was hoping that there would be an outcry of ‘Why?’ and ‘Oh God, no, no!’ rather than ‘thank God!’—that was just the right response for me. The fans of thrones had been thinking about jon snow's fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead, and it's time to get used to it, echoed some other cast members' thoughts during the last nine months. " "I haven't done thrones for a long time, 'she's dead.'" he said, speaking of the anxious fan's response on the night watch by jon snow, he said: "I was hoping that there would be a cry of "Why?" and "Oh, no, no!", instead of "Thank God," it was the right response. . . . " The throne fan was thinking of jon snow's fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow. But jon snow is dead, and it's time to get used to it, echoed the thoughts of several other cast members during the past nine months. - I haven't done thrones for a long time , she's dead. - He confirmed that he hasn't done thrones for a long time. - Speaking of the anxious fan's response to a night watch from a night watch, he said: 'I hoped that there would be an exclamation of 'Why?' and 'Oh, no, no!' instead of 'thank God!' - that's the right answer. - he said, referring to the anxious fan's response to the night watch by a night watch, he said: 'I hoped that there would be a cry of "Why?" and 'Oh, no, no!' rather than 'thank God!' - that was just the right answer for me. Several fans of thrones had been thinking about jon snow's fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead and it's time to get used to, echoed the thoughts of many other cast members during the past nine months. 'I've not done thrones for a long time, 'she's dead.' But jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoing the thoughts of several other cast members during the last nine months. The audience at the game of thrones had been thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow. But jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoing the thoughts of several other cast members during the last nine months. A great many fans of the game of thrones had been thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoing several other cast members’ thoughts during the last nine months. Several fans of thrones had been thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoing several other cast members during the last nine months. The throne fan was thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoed some of the other cast members’ thoughts during the past nine months. “I haven’t been doing thrones for a long time, she’s dead,” he said, referring to the agitated fan’s response to a night watch, he said: “I was hoping that there would be an exclamation of “Why?” and “Oh no, no!” rather than “thank God!” - that was the right answer. The throne fan was thinking about jon snow’s fate for a long time after the fifth season of jon snow, but jon snow is dead and it’s time to get used to it, echoed the thoughts of many other cast members during the last nine months.