 It was a report this weekend of axios, citing documents from the national security council, and pointing to a certain5g network being constructed and commissioned by the u.s. government. . . . and officials from the u.s. have now come out with some cold water on the idea and really it's not even possible . . . In short, axios' report said that the only way to truly secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which critical systems like self-driving cars will depend, is for the government to build it. In short, axios' report said that the only way to truly secure the next generation of wireless networks, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving cars will depend, against snooping from China and others, would be for the government to build it itself . On the weekend of the same week axios released a report, citing documents from the National Security Council, and pointing to a project by the u.s. government on 5g ... and a number of officials from the u.s., on the other hand, have announced it and not even even possible... In short, the report said that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the vital infrastructure of self-driving cars depends, against the spying from China and others, is for the government to build it. In short, the report said that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving car depends, against the spying of China and others, is for the government to build it ... in short, the report says that the only way to truly secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving car depends, against snooping from China and others, is for the government to build it ... and the officials from the u.s. have already explained to you about it, probably before you started talking. In short, axios said that the only way to truly secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the vital infrastructure of the automobile depends, against snooping from China and others, is for the government to build it. In a word, axios said that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the vital infrastructure of the automobile depends, against snooping from China and others, is for the government to build it. The weekend of the same week axios made a report, citing documents from the national security council, and pointing to a project of the u.s. on 5g ... and a few officials from the u.s. have already explained it, probably before you began talking. In short, axios said that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving car depends, against snooping from China and others, is to build it. .. in short, axios said that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving car depends, against spying from China and others, is to build it. In short, the report says that the only way to really secure the wireless infrastructure of the future, on which the critical infrastructure of the self-driving car depends, against spying from China and others, is to build it.