 – Green bay packers have signed a three-year contract with wide receiver james jones, a source told the paper. According to the source, the Qb Aaron Rodgers and WR Donald Driver have been forwarded by the packers and perhaps they had some influence in the packers going forward with a good offer. – It’s true that jones’s options were already being dwindled, when the minnesota vikings signed wr michael jenkins and the new york jets signed plaxico burruss. That is to say, he was already cut off from his bargaining position when the minnesota vikings signed Michael Jenkins and the new york jets signed plaxico burruss. The Green Bay Packers confirmed the contract of three years to the wide receiver james jones, according to the rumor of the story. According to the rumor, the Qb Aaron Rodgers and WR Donald Driver were forward by the packers, and perhaps the packers might have an influence in their decision. In the morning the Green Bay Packers and the Green Bay Packers negotiated a deal that will reunite him with his fellow super bowl players. The green bay packers agreed with Jim Jamieson and Fred Byers this morning. They spoke to the press only an hour ago about the importance of signing jones and re-signing john kuhn. "The Green Bay Packers have agreed with wide receiver james jones," a source told the paper. " According to the source, the Qb Aaron Rodgers and WR Donald Driver have been forwarded to the Packers, and perhaps they had influence in their decision. It's true that jones's options were already curtailed when the minnesota vikings signed michael jenkins and the jets signed plaxico burruss. According to a source, the Qb Aaron Rodgers and WR Donald Driver were forwarded by the Packers and perhaps they had influence in the decision. The Green Bay Packers and the Green Bay Packers negotiated today with Jim Jamieson and Fred Byers, and they spoke only an hour ago of the importance of resigning jones and signing john kuhn. That is to say, he was already disadvantaged by the decision of the minnesota jets, where he was already unable to offer much. Other teams had some concern about jones' dropping egos and were unwilling to pay him what he needed . . .