 “the day that christopher deardorff had been waiting for for a lifetime has finally arrived. The amateur draft is about to begin today and, as everyone expected, deardorff would not have to wait long. It is the most presumptuous of possibilities, for instance, to be taken in the fifth round. “The day that christopher deardorff had been waiting for for a long time is now here. Baseball America has projected the game-loving deardorff, who has just graduated from south lake high school, at the 54th overall pick. That makes him a second round pick. There is a more optimistic possibility, for example, of being selected in the fifth round. The most likely scenario, of course, is that he’s selected in the first round . . . The most confident would be to be a second rounder. - The day christopher deardorff had been waiting for a long time is finally here. Baseball America has put the young man, the enthusiastic player, at the 54th overall pick, which makes him a second round pick. The amateur draft will start today, and, as everyone expected, deardorff will not have to wait long. He is very hopeful, for example, that he will be selected in the fifth round. This is a most presumptuous possibility, for example, to be selected in the fifth round. - "I have no idea, he said, about where he will be drafted. " People have said a lot of things, but i do not want to say anything if it does not happen. " - Deardorff, however, is not into guessing about where, or even if, he will be drafted. ‘ The day that christopher deardorff had been waiting for for a long time is finally here. The amateur draft is going to begin today and as everyone expected, deardorff won’t have to wait long. It’s the most presumptuous of possibilities, for example, to be selected in the fifth round. Baseball America has put the enthusiastic young man, a native of South Lake, at the 54th overall pick, which makes him a second round pick. The day christopher deardorff had been waiting for a long time is finally here. The amateur draft will begin today and, as everyone expected, deardorff won’t have to wait long. He’s very hopeful, for instance, that he’ll be selected in the fifth round. He’s very optimistic, for example, that he’ll be selected in the fifth round. But Deardorff isn’t inclined to guess where he’ll be drafted, or even if he’ll be drafted. “I have no idea where he’ll be drafted,” he said, “and if he’s not drafted in the fifth round, it would be quite inconceivable. The best chance would be to be selected in the first round.” “I don’t know,” he said, “about where he’ll be drafted.” “And people have said a lot, but I won’t say anything if it’s not arranged.”