 Before Sap's builders of new offices in Palo Alto, company executives asked employees how to make the place a friendly place to work ... after all, that's where they spend most of their day ... what's the answer? Why not a happy work-place? Just in case ... the german-based company “Bose Logic” took advantage of this by moving the executives away from the windows to give workers more light. Before Sap’s architects of new offices in Palo Alto, company officials asked how to make the place pleasant for their work-places ... after all, that’s where they spend the majority of their time ... What’s the answer? , the German company of the firm Bose Logic moved their employees out of the windows to make it light up. Before Sap's architects of new offices in Palo Alto, the officials asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - after all, they are here most of the time - what is the answer? First of all, daylight is a necessity - not only does it save energy - more sunlight means less light bulbs - but there are studies that show that people with natural light are more productive ... aside ... so, just in case ... the German company BlossomLogic took advantage of this and moved the executives away from the windows to give the workers more light. Before Sap's architects of new offices in Palo Alto, staff asked how to make their work places pleasant ... that's where they spend most of their time ... what is the answer? In the case of Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the employees asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers, since that's where they spend the most of their time ... what is the answer? Before Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the officials asked how to make the place pleasant for their employees - since they are here most of the time - what is the answer? First of all, daylight is a necessity - not only does it save energy - more sun gives less light - but there are studies that prove that people who are light-adapted are more productive ... what is the answer? Before Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the officials asked how to make their work places pleasant - since they are here most of the time - what is the answer? Before Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the officials asked how to make their work places pleasant - what are they here most of the time? - the German company BlossomLogic took advantage of this and threw the executives out of the windows to make it light up. - First of all, the daylight is a necessity - not only does it save energy - more sun means less light bulbs - but there are studies that show that people with natural light are better ... and then ... so, just in case ... the German company BlossomLogic took advantage of this and moved the executives away from the windows to give the workers more light. On the other hand, the German firm BlossomLogic took advantage of this and threw the executives out of the windows in order to give more light. The officials at Sap's new offices in Palo Alto asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - since they were the main reason for their visit - what was the answer? In the case of Sap's architects in Palo Alto, employees asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - since that is where they spend most of their time - what is the answer? The employees asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - this is where they spend the most of their time - what is the answer? What's the answer? First of all, daylight is a necessity - not only does it save energy - more sunlight means less light - but there are studies that show that people with natural light are better ... and then ... so, just in case ... the German company BlossomLogic took advantage of this and threw the executives out of the windows to give the workers more light. Before Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the officials asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - after all, they are here most of the time - what is the answer? In the case of Sap's architects in Palo Alto, the employees asked how to make the place pleasant for their workers - that is where they spend most of their time ... what is the answer? First, daylight is a necessity - not only does it save energy - more sun gives less light - but there are studies that prove that people who are light-adapted are more productive ... why not happy?