 And isn’t the epa doing it’s job for a change? Look at that beauty . . . wait, did the epa’s epa really do its job? ... look at that beauty... can trump’s epa really be doing a good thing for the earth and for our health? Look at that beauty... can’t trump’s epa really be doing a good thing? But isn’t epa’s epa doing its duty? - yes, it’s the same epa that wants to keep coal-power plants going, is proposing to kill mercury, and does not care about fuel efficiency ... could epa’s epa really be doing a good thing for our planet and our health? It’s the same epa that wants to keep coal-power plants going, wants to kill mercury and doesn’t care about fuel efficiency ... can trump’s epa really do a good thing for the earth and our health? But isn’t the epa doing its duty? Look at that beauty ... can trump’s epa really do a good thing for the earth and our health? Perhaps ... but let’s not get too frank here ... does trump’s epa really do a good thing for the earth and our health? Let’s not get too far ahead of ourselves ... Is it not epa that does its job? Is it not epa that does its job? And isn’t epa’s job doing its job? And isn’t epa’s job doing its job? See this beauty ... can epa’s job really do any good? Well, that’s the same epa that wants to keep coal-power plants going, wants to kill mercury, and doesn’t care about fuel efficiency ... can epa’s job really do any good for the earth and for our health? Look at that beauty ... can epa’s job really do any good for the earth and our health? Well, epa’s job might be a bit different... but let’s not be too blunt about it ... can epa’s job really do any good for the earth and our health? Nitrous oxide, which is a form of nitrogen oxide, also warms the earth, a certain six percent of the u.s. No, that’s the same epa that wants to keep coal power plants, is proposing to kill mercury, and doesn’t care about fuel efficiency ... can the epa really do good for the earth and our health? It’s the same epa that wants to keep coal power plants, wants to kill mercury, doesn’t care about fuel efficiency ... can the epa really do good for the earth and our health? Look at this beauty ... can the epa really do good for the earth and our health? Isn’t the epa doing its duty? Is it not the epa that is doing its duty? Let’s not get too far ahead of ourselves ... is it not the epa that is doing its duty? And isn’t the epa really doing its duty? Maybe ... but let’s not be too frank ... can the epa really do any good for the earth and our health? Nitrous oxide, which is a form of nitrogen oxide, also warms the earth, six percent of the u.s.