 diamond foods inc. has announced that it has acquired the London-based company kettle, an Oregon-born snack company. There is a cake called the 'The Devil's Wife', which sells chips, nuts, and trail mix in all regions of the world, and appoints an official to work on its product. The company, in addition to the previous one, began to produce fruits, nuts, and other food. "The company was founded by diamond food, and was incorporated in London in 1908 with a capital of $ 235 million. Its share capital is approximately 2,000 roubles. Its primary sources are lion capital. It has a cake called the Devil's Wife, which sells chips, nuts, and trail mixes in all the world, and there is an official working for it. diamond food, the parent company of diamond foods, today announced that it has acquired the London-based company of kettle, a well-known and well-known gourmet chip maker. The company has a headquarters in London, with a capital of 235 million, and is distributed among lions. The company, in addition to the other one, has also begun to produce fruits, nuts, and other food. "The acquisition of kettle foods greatly increases our presence in the snack industry," said michael mendes, president and ceo of diamond foods, in a statement. "The company was founded by diamond foods, and was registered in London in 1908 with capital of 235 million, and is financed by the lions. Diamond Food, the parent company of Diamond Food, today announced that it had acquired the London-based company of kettle, a well-known and well-known gourmet confectioner. It has a very well-known product called “The Devil’s Wife”, and it is distributed among the lions. It has a cake called “The Devil’s Wife”, which sells chips, nuts, and trail mixes in all regions, and has an official working for it. The company, in addition to the other one, has already started to produce fruits, nuts, and other products. Diamond food, the parent company of diamond food, has announced today that it has acquired the kettle in London, an Oregon-based firm of snacks, a chocolate cake called “The Devil’s Wife”, which sells chips, nuts, and trail mixes in all regions, and an official working for it. diamond food, the parent company of diamond food, announced today that it has acquired the London firm of kettle, a well-known gourmet ice-cream manufacturer, with a headquarters in London, with a capital of 235 million, and a headman of lions, to run the company. It is a company which was founded by diamond food and has a headquarters in London, with a capital of 235 million, and financed by lions. diamond food is concentrating on acquiring and developing foodstuffs, as well as on building the emerald snack.