 a truer cause of baldness is now well known to be the result of natural causes, not of nurture. . . . a man's pattern baldness is a predetermined condition of health, and it can be treated with the least expense . . . It is clear that baldness is the result of a polygeneous state: up to five genes have to do with it; and it is the interaction of these genes that determines the type of baldness in the human being. One can treat it at least with the least effort ... and, no longer, it is a condition of health that a man may have. A man’s pattern baldness is a condition of health, and can be controlled at the least expense. The identical twins bald at the same age, rate and pattern, no matter what diet, lifestyle or stress level ... The true cause of baldness is now well known to be the result of natural causes, not of nurture. . . . The peculiarity of the shape of the bald head is seen as the result of a polygeneous state; five genes contribute to it, and the interaction of these genes determines the type of baldness in a man. The typical baldness is a condition of health, and can be controlled at least with the least effort. So what are the options? Finasteride is a drug of the Federal Bureau of Medicine that dermatologists and general practitioners have been prescribing for about fifteen years, it works by stopping the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone in the prostate, by blocking an enzyme called 5-alpha reductase. It works by stopping the synthesis of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in the prostate, by blocking an enzyme called 5-amino-reductase ... For baldness, the true cause is now well known, and not from 'nature'. A man's normal baldness is a predetermined condition of health, and can be controlled with the least effort ... The natural cause of baldness is now well known, and not from 'nature'. The strange shape of a bald head is seen as a result of a polygeneous state, with five genes in play, and the combination of these genes determines the type of baldness in a man. In fact, the typical baldness is a condition of health, and can be treated with the least effort ... a man's pattern baldness is a condition of health and can be controlled with the least effort ... it can be treated at least with the least effort ... a man's pattern baldness is a condition of health and can be controlled at least with the least effort. A prescription for finasteride is needed by the Federal Bureau of Medicine, a drug prescribed by dermatologists and general practitioners for about fifteen years. It works by stopping the conversion of testosterone to dihydrotestosterone in the prostate, by blocking an enzyme called 5-alpha reductase. It blocks the synthesis of testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in the prostate, by blocking an enzyme called 5-amino reductase ...