 In fact, those of us who remembered oxen mingling with the river, or when they found out that m. t. pockets stole the Nile," said Mark P., "will be glad to hear that the oregon trail and the "Carmen Sandiego" had been revived on the social network. “Well, if we remember the oxen mixing with the river or the man who stole the Nile,” Mark P. said, “we’ll be glad to hear the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego came back on the social network. The oregon trail for Facebook was launched on February 2, and where in the world is Carmen Sandiego? the oregon trail was launched today, the 9th of February . . . both titles make use of the Facebook reputation system, and players can team up with friends, a la zynga hits cityville and farmville . . . “Well, let’s say we’ve been thinking about the oxen mixing with the river, or when we learned that m. t. pockets had stolen the Nile,” Mark P. said, “we’ll be glad if the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego have been revived on the social network. For those of you who have recalled the oxen mixing with the river, or when we learned that Monsieur Taurin had stolen the Nile,” “we’ll be glad to hear the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego have come back to the social network. The Oregon Trail for Facebook has just been launched today, the 9th of February... Both the main games are free, but, like farmville and cityville, extra features cost a fortune. “Well, if we remember oxen mixing with the river or when we learn that Monsieur Taurin has stolen the Nile, we will be glad if the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego return to the social network. If we remember the oxen mixing with the river or the man who stole the Nile,” Mark P. said, “we will be glad if the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego return to the social network. The Oregon Trail for Facebook was first released in 1985—26 years ago—with a series of games. Both of these games are free, but, like the farmville and the cityville games, extra features cost money. The oregon Trail for Facebook has just been launched on the 9th of February ... for those of you who have recalled the oxen mixing with the river or when they learned that Monsieur Taurin has stolen the Nile, we will be glad to hear that the Oregon Trail and Carmen Sandiego have returned to the social network.