 - What are we going to do? - We’re all feeling a little desensitized now, aren’t we? ‘ What are we to do?’ he asked. ‘We are all a little numb now, aren’t we? Nothing will change, so why is the government making such noise about the gun sickness that pervades this country? The congress will do nothing to strengthen the rules on gun rights. The politicians who advocate strong gun rights will be thrown out of the chamber ... ‘What are we going to do?’ he asked. ‘We’re all a little confused now, aren’t we? Nothing will change, so why are we blabbering about gun sickness that has invaded this country? The congress will do nothing to strengthen gun rights. The politicians who advocate strong gun rights will be thrown out of the chamber. The mentally ill will still fall through the cracks (with or without obamacare) . The background checks for military contractors will never be up to scratch. Young men who tell police they hear voices, are being followed or sending shivers through microwaves will never be let into 72-hour mental hospital. “What do we do?” he asked. “We’re all a little confused, aren’t we? What are we to do? We are all a little confused, aren’t we? The congress does nothing to strengthen the rights of the people, the politicians who support the right of the people to carry out their jobs will be thrown out of the chamber... the mentally ill will still be able to penetrate the cracks (with or without Obamacare), the judicial and the military inspections will never be up to par, the background checks of the men who say they hear voices, they are being followed, or send shivers through microwaves will never be allowed to enter a 72-hour mental hospital. "What do we do?" he asked. " We are all feeling a little disoriented now, aren't we? ... we will simply have to get used to the idea that mass shootings are the price of living in a free country. “What are we going to do?” he asked. “We are all a little confused, aren’t we? What are we going to do? - What are we going to do? - We are all a little confused, aren’t we? We are all a little confused, aren’t we? The congress does not strengthen the rights of the people, the politicians who support the right of the people to do their work will be thrown out of the chamber - the mentally ill can still creep through the cracks (with or without Obamacare), the judicial and military inspections will not be up to speed, the background checks of the men who say they hear voices, are being followed, or feel shivers in the microwaves will not be allowed into a 72-hour mental hospital. - What are we doing? - he asked. - We are all a little confused, aren't we? - Everything will change, why is the government so much talking about the gun sickness that has invaded our country? - We are all a little confused, aren't we? - Congress does nothing to strengthen the rights of the people, the politicians who support the right of the people to perform their duties will be thrown out of the chamber ... the mentally ill will still fall through the cracks (with or without Obamacare), the judicial and military inspections will never be up to scratch, the background checks of the men who say they hear voices, they are being followed or shiver through microwaves will never be allowed to enter the 72-hour mental hospital.