 . . . he had been with me at quezon City, from the year he graduated from Don Bosco Gymnasium in Bacolor, Pampanga. . . . he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a single day . . . The trip started when he arrived at Lax, the international airport in los angeles. He had been with me at quezon City since the year he graduated from the Colegio Don Bosco, in Bacolor, Pampanga. . . . he was mad, nasti and simply crazy . . . he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a single day . . . The journey began when he arrived at Lax, the international airport in los angeles. . . . I was only able to visit the National Art Gallery on my arrival in London because I had to go to the university of nottingham for the examination board meeting . . . He had been with me in Quezon City since the year he graduated from the Colegio Don Bosco, in Bacolor, Pampanga... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was mad, nasti and simply mad... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day... The journey began when he arrived at Lax, the international airport in los angeles. He arrived at Lax, the international airport in los angeles. he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day... He had been with me in quezon City since the year he graduated from the school of Don Bosco, in Bacolor, Pampanga ... he was mad, nasti, and simply crazy ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was mad, nasti and simply crazy ... He had been with me at Quezon City since the year he graduated from Don Bosco's school in Bacolor, Pampanga. He had been with me in Quezon City since the year he graduated from Don Bosco's school in Bacolor, Pampanga ... he was mad, nasti, and simply mad ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was mad, nasti and simply mad ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was mad, nasti and simply mad ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was in the usa for a month and visited seven states in a day ... he was mad, nasti and simply mad ... he was mad, nasti and simply mad ...