 The new deputy-superintend of aylesbury has stuck to his new job and says he is determined to make himself ‘friendly’ . Chief inspector neil kentish has been with the thames valley police for less than a month, after serving in the metropolitan police force for 14 years . . . but the job is still very new to him and he praised his colleagues and said he would like to find out what people think of aylesbury. At the moment, the new deputy-manager of aylesbury has come to his senses, and says that he is determined to get on with it. He said: 'I have a good team and they really care about what they do. ' " Chief inspector neil kentish has been with the thames valley police for less than a month, after serving 14 years in the metropolitan police ... but the role is still very new to him, and he praised his colleagues and said that he would like to know what people thought of aylesbury. ' The people of aylesbury already have faith in the police, so it is necessary to preserve this trust, to counteract slander, to understand the local community and to ease the people's fears. ' he said: 'I have a good staff and they are all good at what they do. ' he said. ' I have a good team and they are really passionate about it.' " The new superintendent of aylesbury has made his own determination, and says that he wants to get on with it. The new superintendent of aylesbury has arrived at his senses, and says that he is determined to get on with it. The new superintendent of aylesbury has stuck to his new position, and says he is determined to be friendly. - The commissioner of police is less than a month, after having served 14 years in the metropolitan police... but the post is still very new, and he praised his colleagues and said that he wanted to know what people thought of aylesbury. - he said: 'I have a good staff and they all do good jobs.' - he says one of the reasons for the move to thames was that he wanted a challenge ... he said: 'I have a good staff and they all do good jobs.' - he said: 'I have a good team and they are very interested in what they do.'