 The bird, jake, is a pretty, talkative, friendly, energetic female bird, looking for a loving guardian. . . . The children called the bird jake, but they decided not to keep it for themselves, and I took it with me . . . The little ones called it by its first name Jin-yue, but they were afraid of keeping it for themselves. I took it with me. . . . - I'm pretty sure it's a female, from the color of the feet and the colour of her cerebra, which is visible at the end of her beak ... I don't think that's what this bird is, but based on the color of the feet and the color of the cere (the bump above the beak), - i know that a bird, like any pet, can live twenty years, so to buy a bird, like any pet, must not be taken lightly. The child called it Ji-yue, but they refused to take it away, so I took it with me. It is an adorable, chattering, friendly, lively female bird. It is looking for a loving friend. I’ve had a rescued cockatiel for many years and it keeps putting me at the door when I don’t want to, before my dogs. I took it with me . . . There is no doubt that it is a female, as the colour of the feet and the color of the cerebra can be seen at the end of the beak . . . . but based on the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra, which is visible at the end of the beak, I am sure it is a female, and from the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra, which is visible at the end of the beak . . . The little ones called it Ji-yu, but they refused to take it, so I took it. It is a pretty, chattering, friendly, energetic female bird, and she is looking for a devoted companion. I have a cockatiel that has been rescued many years ago and always puts me at the door, without my permission, before my dogs. I took it with me . . . The little ones called it Jingyu, but they refused to take it for themselves, so I took it with me. I'm sure that it is a female because the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra is visible at the end of the beak . . . But if you want to know the colour of the feet and the color of the cerebra at the end of the beak, I'm sure it is a female, and I'm sure from the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra at the end of the beak . . . This is the pretty, chattering, friendly, energetic female bird, looking for a lover. I’ve had a cockatiel who has been rescued many years ago, and it always puts me at the door when I don’t want to, before my dogs. I took it with me... It’s a pretty, chattering, friendly, energetic female bird, looking for a friend. I took it with me... The children called it Jingyu, but they wouldn’t let me take it, so I took it with me... There’s no doubt that it’s a female bird, as you can see in the feet and the color of the cerebra, as you can see at the end of the beak... but I can tell from the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra at the end of the beak . . . and from the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra at the end of the beak . . . . I don’t know what it is like this bird, but judging by the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra, which you can see at the end of the beak . . . I can see from the color of the feet and the color of the cerebra at the end of the beak . . . .