 " gba "Gov.; gba. greg abbott did not take sides on Sunday in a growing quarrel about how to cut taxes and moved away from an earlier promise to "demand" that Texans reduce their taxes before the session ends on 1st of June . . . “Gov. gba. gov. dan patrick. gov. gba. greg abbott didn’t take sides on Sunday in a growing quarrel about how to reduce taxes, and he decided not to make an agreement before the session begins on the 1st of June . . . greg abbott did not take sides on Sunday in a growing quarrel over how to cut taxes, and he decided not to bind himself before the session begins on the 1st of June. - greg abbott did not take sides on Sunday in a growing quarrel about how to cut taxes, and he moved away from the earlier promise to “demand” that Texans cut their taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June. - greg abbott refused to take sides in the growing quarrel over how to cut taxes and moved away from the earlier promise to “demand” that Texans cut their taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June ... - greg abbott said he still believes that property taxes are too high and said that “results are still on the table . . . ” greg abbott did not take sides on Sunday in a growing quarrel over how to reduce taxes and he turned away from the earlier promise to “demand” that Texans reduce their taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June. — greg abbott did not take sides in the growing quarrel over how to reduce taxes and moved away from the earlier promise to “demand” that Texans reduce their taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June. — greg abbott did not take sides in the growing quarrel over how to reduce taxes, and he decided not to agree to an agreement before the session begins on the 1st of June. — greg abbott said he still believes that property taxes are too high, and said that “there are still results on the table . . .” — - GBA - gba - gba - gba - gba - greg abbott - both in a growing quarrel about how to cut taxes, and he moved away from the earlier promise to "demand" that Texans cut taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June. - greg abbott did not take sides in the growing quarrel over how to cut taxes, and he moved away from the earlier promise to "demand" that Texans cut taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June ... greg abbott did not take sides in the growing quarrel about how to cut taxes, and he moved away from the earlier promise to "demand" that Texans cut taxes before the session ends on the 1st of June. - greg abbott said that property taxes are still too high and that "results are still on the table ..." - greg abbott said he still believes that property taxes are too high, and that "results are still on the table" - greg abbott said he still believes that property taxes are too high, and that "there are still results on the table" -