 You can see it at the edge of the edge of the university of delaware's gorgeous campus at Lewes. As more carbon dioxide enters the atmosphere, the global ocean swallows up a large part of the excess and holds about 30 percent of the emissions produced by human activities. In that way the ocean has acted as a buffer to slow the growth of greenhouse gases and thereby, therefore, the increase in temperature. It can be seen at the edge of the beautiful campus of the university of delaware at Lewes. The more carbon dioxide is absorbed in the atmosphere, the more the ocean absorbs it, and holds on to 30 percent of the emissions caused by human activities. As the evaporation of the gases increases, the ocean acts as a buffer to the growth of greenhouse gases, and consequently, the temperature rises. This new research by the oceanographer wei jun cai and colleagues at the universite libre de bruxelles, texas a&m university, hawaii, manoa, and eth zurich, now reveal that the water on the continental shelf is carrying more and more of the atmospheric carbon dioxide. . . . The more carbon dioxide enters the atmosphere, the ocean absorbs most of it and carries about 30 percent of the emissions of human activity. In this way the ocean acts as a buffer, and it stops the emission of greenhouse gases, which increases the temperature. It is visible at the edge of the beautiful campus of the university of delaware at Lewes. In this new research of the oceanographer wei jun cai and his colleagues at the Universite libre de bruxelles, at texas a&m, at hawaii, manoa, and at eth zurich, this new research shows how the water on the continental shelf is carrying more and more of atmospheric carbon dioxide. It may have important implications for the study of the global carbon budget, as well as for the understanding of how carbon flows between the land, the air, and the water. The more carbon dioxide is absorbed in the atmosphere, the more the ocean absorbs it and keeps it at 30 percent of the emissions caused by human activities. The evaporation of the gases increases, and the ocean acts as a buffer against the growth of greenhouse gases, and consequently the temperature rises.