 And to the question of the Democratic Party’s readiness for state-led courage, he called them to consider whether Barack Obama was leading them to the cause of statesmanship or politic incompetence ... he spent his first State of the Union speech on Wednesday to try to persuade a nervous majority of Democrats to accept health care, in spite of the worries and opposition of newly energized republicans. " Then he continued to address the Democratic Party's readiness for the state to lead them to act, whether Barack Obama was bringing them to statesmanship or of a politic incompetence. ... And he asked about the democrats' readiness for state courage, asking whether Barack Obama was leading them to statesmanship or a politic incompetence. The democrats talked about making a round of the holocaust with a senate majority, but he pointed to the fact that a senator's victory in the massachusetts Senate may have cost them their filibuster , but "we have the largest senate majority in the world, and people expect us to solve some problems, not run for the hills . . . " for the republicans he talked about with a mixture of threats and threats. he urged the chamber of commerce to a virtuous senate majority to accept health care, despite the worries and opposition of the newly energized republicans. “The more they debated, the more they were disconcerted,” obama said in his speech to the Joint Session. Then he asked whether the democrats were ready for the state to lead them to action, whether Barack Obama was a leader in statesmanship or a lackey in politcal incompetence. “The more people were asked to think about it, the more doubtful people were,” he said to them, “and for the republicans, he did not say anything but threats and threats. He made some claims that the movement to get health care through a Senate majority would have cost them their filibuster, but “we have the largest senate majority in the world, and people expect us to do something about it, and not to make the mistake of a runaway. . .” Then he urged the republicans to act by force. And to the question of the Democratic Party’s readiness for the state to lead them to action, he asked them whether Barack Obama was bringing them to statesmanship or politic incompetence.