 linn blake, left, giving two hospital employees a drill at the vvmc fair . . . It came from a sudden cardiac arrest which a witness made cpr and saved her life. For her part, a witness to the incident entrusted her with a trained cpr, who saved her life. Then, a few days after valentine’s day, linn blake was preparing for a new post in vail village, when she had a bad awakening . . . the 27-year-old was in a cardiac arrest . . . fortunately for her, some one who knew how to cpr did not let her down until a defibrillator arrived. . . . After a few days of valentine’s day, Linn blake was at the new post in vail village when she had a bad awakening . . . fortunately, one of the cprs who knew how to cpr saved her life. And she had been cpr trained by a witness who saved her life. . . . She had a sudden cardiac arrest, and she had been saved by a witness who had made a CPR and saved her life. It was the result of a sudden cardiac arrest, which the witness had made a CPR and saved her life. And so, a few days after valentine’s day, linn blake was preparing to take a new post in vail village when she was unwell ... fortunately for her, she had been taken to a defibrillator who was acquiescent and kept her ... As a result of a sudden cardiac arrest, which a witness had performed CPR, saved her life. Then, a few days after valentine's day, linn blake was in preparation for a new post in vail village when she was unwell... fortunately, she was brought to a defibrillator who put her to sleep and kept her ... adl linn blake, left, giving two hospital staff a drill at the Vvmc fair ... she was in cardiac arrest and had been saved by a witness who saved her life. Luckily, a witness, a trained cpr, saved her life. Fortunately, a witness, a doctor, saved her life. It came from a sudden cardiac arrest, which a witness made CPR and saved her life ... and a witness who trained cpr saved her life. . . . After a few days of valentine, Linn blake was preparing for a new post in vail, when she was unwell... fortunately, she was taken to a defibrillator, which was in good shape and kept her... She had a cardiac arrest and had been saved by a witness who saved her life. A few days after valentine, Linn blake was preparing for a new post in vail, when she was unwell... fortunately, she was brought to a defibrillator, which put her to sleep and kept her ... adl Linn blake, left, giving two hospital employees a drill at the Vvmc fair... the 27-year-old girl was in a cardiac arrest... fortunately, some one who knew how to CPR had not let her down until a defibrillator came... And so, a few days after valentine, Linn blake was in preparation for a new post in Vail, when she was unwell... fortunately, she was brought to a defibrillator, who put her to sleep and kept her ... luckily, a doctor saved her life. Luckily, a witness, a doctor, saved her life... Fortunately, a witness, a doctor, saved her life. Fortunately, a witness, a doctor, saved her life. Then, a few days after valentine, linn blake was preparing for a new post in vail village when she was unwell ... fortunately, she was taken to a defibrillator, which put her to sleep and remained ...