 They talked of combining their lessons, a new-found love for ice-sculpting, and of how more sculptors might improve the competition. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share the lessons they had learned on Saturday in the ice-sculpting studio. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons on Saturday in the ice-sculpting studio. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons in the ice-sculpting studio with a half dozen sculptors. “The reason we decided to do this was to share some of our little secrets, so that we may share it with others,” ann explained. “It's been a long time since we learned that the wood-chisels work best for us,” Ann said. “We've learned that wood-chisels are the best for us,” Ann said. “We've learned that wood-chisels are the best, by and by,” Ann replied. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons on Saturday in the ice-sculpting studio. They talked about combining their lessons, a new love for ice-sculpting, and about how it might help to bring in more sculptors. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons in the ice-sculpting studio. They discussed combining their lessons, about the increase of participation and how competitions can be increased. indeed, we didn't bring any kind of tools . . . we just have different sharp chisels and that's how we do it.' ' We've learned that wood-chisels are the best for us,' Ann said. ' We've learned that wood-chisels are the best, by and by,' Ann replied. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons in the ice-sculpting studio. They discussed the combining of their lessons, a new love for ice-sculpting, and how it would improve the competition. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons in the ice-sculpting studio. The two of them discussed combining their lessons, the increase of participation and how competition can be improved. The conversation turned to ice-sculpting. Ann iungerich and her husband, David, decided to share their lessons in the ice-sculpting studio. They discussed combining their lessons, a new love for ice-sculpting, and how it might help to bring in more sculptors. “We have learned that wood-chisels are the best for us,” Ann said. “We have learned that wood-chisels are the best, by and by,” Ann replied. “We have learned that wood-chisels are the best,” Ann said. “We have learned that wood-chisels are the best,” Ann replied.