 The president’s decision to launch a new moratorium on the government employees in 2020 and to institute a series of cuts to the Federal Retirement Program was met with great consternation from various parliamentary groups. Although it has little chance of becoming law, the ideas are now under considerable consideration by a majority of the workers. The increase in employee contributions to the Federal Retirement Program by a factor of ten percent, to reach 50 percent of total cost, regressing if you like to reduce your tax liability for the past five years. The president’s decision to impose a moratorium on government employees in 2020 and to impose a series of cuts to the federal retirement system was met with great consternation from all the parliamentary groups. Nevertheless, this proposal is under considerable consideration by many of the employees. The increased employee contributions to the Federal Retirement Program by a factor of ten, reaching to 50 percent of the total cost, to a point of zero, if the worker wishes to save a considerable amount of tax for the last five years. Hence, the Federal Retirement Program has been eliminated from the calculation of the income of Federal workers for the first five years of their salaries, as opposed to the current three years. The president's decision to impose a moratorium on government workers in 2020 and to cut the federal retirement program was met with great consternation from all the parliaments. But this suggestion has little chance of becoming law, but it is under consideration by many workers. Hence, the Federal Retirement Program has been eliminated from the calculation of Federal workers' wages for the first five years of their employment, as opposed to the three years after their retirement. The president's decision to impose a moratorium on the government employees in 2020 and to cut the federal retirement system was met with great consternation from all the parliaments. The increase in the employee contributions to the Federal Retirement Program by ten percent, which comes to 50 percent, does not help if the employer wants to save a considerable amount of tax for the last five years. Nevertheless, the proposal is very much in the minds of many employees. The increase in employee contributions to the Federal Retirement Program by ten percent to 50 percent of the total cost, that is, to a point of zero, if the employer wants to save a lot of tax for the last five years. The President’s decision to impose a moratorium on the government employees in 2020 and to impose a series of cuts to the retirement system was met with great consternation from all the parliaments. Although it has little chance of becoming law, the ideas are under great consideration by many workers. The increase in employee contributions to the Federal Retirement System by ten percent, to reach 50 percent, is not a great idea, since an employer needs to save a considerable amount of tax in the past five years. The increase in employee contributions to the Federal Retirement System by ten percent, to reach 50 percent, is an unacceptable cut, if the employer wishes to save a considerable amount of tax for the last five years. The president’s decision to impose a moratorium on the employees in 2020 and to impose a moratorium on the Federal Retirement System was met with great consternation from all the parliaments. The president’s decision to impose a moratorium on the employees in 2020 and to impose a moratorium on the Federal Retirement System was met with great consternation from all the parliaments. However, the proposal was very much in the minds of many workers. The increase in the employee contribution to the Federal Retirement System by ten percent to fifty percent, a little lower, if the employer wants to save a great deal of tax over the last five years.