 This was followed by the windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the ice-bound journey from berlin to saarbrucken. The windows had been broken by bullets believed to be the work of a weapon ... ” “The windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the train from berlin to Saarbrucken. The windows had been broken by bullets believed to be from a weapon.” No one was injured in this incident, which occurred around 10 . . ., on the following Thursday in the city of ladenburg, near mannheim, in baden-wurttemberg. The photos of this passenger posted on twitter show the windows shattered . . . ” The windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the train from berlin to Saarbrucken. The windows had been broken by bullets believed to be the work of a weapon. “The windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the train from berlin to Saarbrucken. The windows had been broken by bullets believed to be the work of a weapon.” Another passenger said that the four shots had been fired. The 150 passengers on board were taken off the train at mannheim. Then the windows of the ice-speed train had been shattered at the station at mannheim. A photographer who saw the windows of this passenger had posted the photos of them on Twitter. The windows of the ice-speed train, at berlin, broke in the train from berlin to saarbrucken. The windows were broken by bullets believed to be a weapon. . . . .’ Then the windows of the ice-speed train, which ran from berlin to saarbrucken, were broken by bullets believed to be a weapon. The passengers in the train were then taken off at mannheim. The windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the train from berlin to saarbrucken, and the windows were broken by bullets believed to be a weapon. The police reported that no objects had entered the interior of the train, but that only the outside was damaged ... They were told to travel on other trains or stay in hotels for the night. A photographer who saw the windows of this passenger had posted the photos of them on Twitter. “The windows of the ice-speed train shattered in the train from berlin to saarbrucken, the windows were broken by bullets believed to be a weapon.”