 In addition, the town of middletown is pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the public library, has been appointed as assistant director of the public library. /sent> , the town of middletown is pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director of the town council ... ” It was also in this regard that the town of middletown was pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the public library, was appointed the assistant director of the public library . . . , the city of middletown was pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director . . . “ “Moreover, the town of Middletown is pleased to announce that Kim Riindi, the interim director of the public library, has been appointed assistant director of the library . . . , the city of Middletown is pleased to announce that Kim Riindi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director . . . ” Moreover, the town of Middletown is pleased to announce that kim Riindi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director . . . ” The town of middletown was also pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the public library, has been appointed as assistant director ... Moreover, the town of middletown is pleased to announce that kim rinaldi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director ... ” The mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, . . . imgai, masters in library and information science from the university of texas, and is highly experienced in the management of libraries, budgeting, project management . . . ” , the city of middletown is pleased to announce that Kim Riindi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director ... “ Moreover, the city of middletown is pleased to announce that kim Riindi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director ... ” - And in this respect, the city of middletown is pleased to announce that Kim Riindi, the interim director of the town council, has been appointed assistant director ... “The mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, the mayor, ...