 All the jihadist attacks in barcelona and the city of Chapelle-de-France on Thursday have left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded. The latest attack on Barcelona and the beach resort of Cadil, on Thursday, left at least 14 dead and 100 injured ... All the jihadist attacks on Barcelona and the city of Chapelle-de-France on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded ... She said that one of her goals is to turn the western world against the muslim minorities of their own countries, and to play into their hands . . . All the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil, on Thursday, left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded . . . It said that her mission was to take the western world into their hands and force them to play against them ... All the jihadist attacks in Barcelona and the city of Chapelle-de-France on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded. All the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded ... all the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil, on Thursday, left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded ... "The latest attack on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil, on Thursday, left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded ... " Gallois said that citizens' safety cannot be guaranteed 100%. " He said that one of his main goals is to unite the world with the muslim minorities of their own countries, and play them ... . . . And the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded . . . All the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded . . . She said that she wanted to force the western world into their hands and force them to play with them . . . All the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded . . . All the attacks on Barcelona and the beach of Cadil on Thursday left at least fourteen dead and 100 wounded. Gallois said that the safety of citizens cannot be guaranteed.