 if we have learned anything from our age of superheroes, it is that no one is really dead. In the end of the Wonder Woman, Christy pine’s steve trevor heroically sacrifices himself to save the others . . .’ director patty jenkins has revealed details of the upcoming sequel. If we have learned anything from our era of superheroes, it is that nobody is really dead. But today, director patty jenkins revealed the first details about the sequel, the Wonder Woman. This takes place in, well, in 1984, and somehow marks the return of the return of Christy pine’s steve trevor.’ (But to tell the truth, it marked the death of the great on-screen chemistry between pine and gal gadot . . .) And today director patty jenkins has revealed the first details about the upcoming sequel, the Wonder Woman. It takes place in, well, in 1984, and somehow marks the return of the heroic steve trevor. The last scene of Wonder Woman was, by the way, in 1984, and it was, in fact, the end of the heroic steve trevor. (It really was the death of the great on-screen chemistry between pine and gal gadot.) And today, Director patty jenkins announced the first details about the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman. If we have learned anything from the superhero era, it is that no one is dead. And today, Director patty jenkins announced the first details of the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman. But today, the director patty jenkins announced the first details of the sequel, Wonder Woman. It takes place in, well, in 1984, and somehow marks the return of the heroic steve trevor. In the end of Wonder Woman, Christy pine's heroic steve trevor heroically sacrifices himself to save the others ... " . . . After Wonder Woman, Christy pine’s heroic steve trevor heroically sacrifices himself for the others . . .” The last scene of Wonder Woman took place in 1984, and was indeed the end of heroic steve trevor (which was really the death of the great chemistry between pine and gal gadot). But today, the director patty jenkins revealed the first details about the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman. If we have learned anything from our era of superheroes, it is that no one is dead. And today, the director patty jenkins announced the first details about the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman. If we have learned anything from the era of superheroes, it is that no one is dead. And today, the director patty jenkins announced the first details about the upcoming sequel, Wonder Woman. This sequel has Wonder Woman in a fight with a cheetah played by kristin wiig . While there are a few versions of the cheetah, all the characters have roughly the same powers, and " cons"