 harry connolly's twenty palaces series is one of my favourite stories in science fiction . . . After a long absence, harry has brought back ray lilly and all the magic in the twisted path. . . . The story of the twenty palaces is the story of ray lilly, a former convict who has been made into a magic decoy or wooden man. “After a long absence, harry has resurrected ray lilly and all the magic that binds the tangled path ... After a long absence, harry has resurrected ray lilly and all the magic that will follow him ... after all, the story of the twenty palaces is the story of ray lilly, a former convict, made into a magical decoy, or wooden man. Wooden men should not last more than one mission, but ray, somehow, somehow, somehow ... After a long time, harry has revived ray lilly and all the magic in the twisted path. After a long time, harry has revived ray lilly and all the magic in the twisted path. . . . after a long time, harry has revived ray lilly and all the magic in the twisted path. And, moreover, i have enjoyed all his books and novellas, but none have been as much a hit as ray lilly’s. The twenty-princess society has taken notice and is asking him to come to Europe, which does not bode well . . . the twenty-princess society has taken notice and is calling ray and annalise to europe. “After a long time, harry resurrected ray lilly and all the magic that binds the tangled path. “After a long time, harry resurrected ray lilly and all the magic that will follow him. And the story of the twenty palaces is the story of ray lilly, a former convict who has been made into a decoy or a wooden man. - the twenty palaces is the story of ray lilly, the former convict who has been made into a decoy or a wooden man. - if you are new to this story, start with a child of fire, which was also harry's debut novel. And besides, I have also enjoyed all his novels and novellas, but none have been as successful as ray lilly's. The twenty palaces is the story of ray lilly, a former convict who has been made into a decoy or a wooden man. . . . And the twenty palaces story is the story of ray lilly, a former convict who has been made into a decoy or a wooden man.