 “Yes, there’s an almost obsession with chickens, as he says, with the present conversation ... After the charming welcome from Julian Clary’s dog lover, the first thing you notice about his room is the chickens. There are pictures on the walls, ornaments, even a chicken cushion ... “Yes, there is almost an obsession with chickens, as he says in the present conversation. The first thing you notice about his room is the chickens. There are pictures on the walls, decorations, and even a chicken cushion . . . it must have been something of a rustic nature . . .” “I have to say, it must have been when I became a rustic man . . .” he said, “Yes, there is almost an obsession with chickens, as he says in the present conversation. The first thing you notice about his room is the chickens; there are pictures on the walls, decorations and even a chicken cushion ... Yes, there is an almost obsession with chickens, as he says in the present conversation. After the charming welcome of Julian Clary’s dog lover, the first thing you notice about his room is the chickens; there are pictures on the walls, decorations and even a chicken cushion ... there are many things julian bought with his mother ... he wonders if the antique bucket in the corner, which he picked up when they "trodden" it up in a celebrity version of a bargain hunt, is too rustic . . . he said, “Yes, almost obsession with chickens, as he says in the present conversation. After the charming welcome of Julian Clary's dog lover, the first thing you notice about his room is the chickens; there are pictures on the walls, decor and even a chicken cushion. The first thing you notice about his room is the chickens; there are pictures on the walls, decorations and even a chicken cushion... .. a rustic thing... " He wondered if the antique basket in the corner, which he tripped over in the famous case of bargain hunting, was too rustic ... " Then they took us to a auction for antiques, but it looked like a waste sale ... yes, almost a chicken obsession, as he said in the present conversation. After the charming welcome from Julian Clary's dog lover, the first thing you notice in the room is the chickens; there are pictures on the walls, decorations and even a chicken cushion...