 – The Alaska Airlines vikings were playing for the state football title in 1972 against neville on a bad night for football in monroe. But the vikings had already assembled, and head coach jack gray called his senior players. He had coached the airline team to the state title in 1967, but his death has been announced. He is buried at 3 p. He was captain of the Alaska Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Western Pacific, when they had played in the state title game against neville, on a dreadful night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings were already assembled, and head coach jack gray called his senior players. He had coached the Vikings to the state title in 1967, but he died in his own hometown. He is buried on a Sunday from 5 to 7 p. m. in marshall, texas, where he lived. The Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Western Pacific, was a state-title-winning ship in 1972, at the game against neville, on a terrible night for football in monroe. But the Vikings had already assembled, and head coach jack gray called his senior players. He had coached the Vikings to the state-title in 1967, but his death has been announced. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Western Pacific, when they played in the state-title game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings were already assembled, and head coach jack gray called his senior players. He was a member of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the state-title game against neville, on a dreadful night for football in Monroe. . . . he is survived by his wife, mimi, and a son, gary, who lives in the farm city ... , he was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the state championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings had already assembled, and head coach jack gray called his senior players. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the state championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. . . . he is survived by his wife, mimi, and a son, gary, who lives in the city ... . . . , slack said that he is a good coach for any young man. He was the captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the state championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings were already assembled, and coach jack gray called his seniors. He coached the Vikings to the state title in 1967, but his death has been announced. . . . The Alaskan Airlines Vikings were playing in the national championship game against neville on a terrible night in Monroe. But the Vikings were already assembled, and coach jack gray called his seniors. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings were already assembled, and coach jack gray called his senior players. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. He was captain of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. He was a member of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. He was a member of the Alaskan Airlines Vikings, a ship in the Pacific, when they played in the national championship game against neville, on a terrible night for football in Monroe. But the Vikings had already assembled, and coach jack gray called his seniors.