 An awaited report from the World Health Organization states that processed meats such as bacon and sausages are associated with cancer, and red meat, perhaps too. The france-based international agency for cancer research ( iarc), which is part of the WHO, put processed meats on its list of “diseases” in its list, putting them next to tobacco, asbestos and diesel fumes, for which they are “quite strong evidence” of bowel cancer. 'The report of the World Health Organization states that meats such as bacon and sausages are connected with the disease of cancer, and red meat is likely to be connected as well. The france-based International Institute of Cancer (IIC) puts meats on its list of diseases in its list, next to tobacco, asbestos, and diesel fumes, which it considers “clearly very strong evidence” of bowel cancer. " The research was conducted on animal studies, experiments on human diet and health, and cell mechanisms that could lead to the development of cancer from meats ... "The participants in the study discussed animal experiments, research on human diet and health, and the mechanisms that could lead to the development of cancer. And the report of the World Health Organization says that processed meats like bacon and sausages are linked with cancer, and red meat is likely to be connected too. The france-based International Institute of Cancer (IIC) put processed meats on its list of diseases, next to tobacco, asbestos and diesel fumes, which it regards as "heart-breaking" for bowel cancer. The report of the World Health Organization states that processed meats, such as bacon and sausages, are linked with cancer, and that red meat is also a probable cause of cancer. It was concluded that the test was not unanimous, and the “probably” kept being mentioned in the report. The research conducted on animal trials, on human diet and health, on the cell mechanisms which are the cause of cancer from meats ... "The participants in this research were engaged in a study of animal trials, tests of human diet and health, and the mechanisms that could lead to cancer from meats.