 - Santa Fe Springs - a seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were expected to live after a car-to-car shooting on the 5 freeway, they said ... the police and the prosecutor did not release the name of the deceased boy on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff 's investigators ... . . . Santa Fe Springs . . . a seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were supposed to live. They said the three victims were riding in a minivan. The police and the prosecutor refused to give the name of the deceased boy on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff’s investigators. ... The police and the prosecutor did not release the name of the deceased on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff's investigators. " Santa Fe Springs ... a seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were supposed to live, the three were in a car. The three victims were in a small car. Santa Fe Springs ... a seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were expected to live. ... They said that the three victims were riding in a van. David Dolson, of the homicide office of the homicide office, said ... "We know that it happened on the freeway," he said. - Santa Fe Springs - A seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were expected to live, the police and the prosecutor did not give the name of the deceased on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff's investigators. - Santa Fe Springs - A seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were supposed to live, the three were in a small car. The police and prosecutor did not give the name of the deceased on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff's investigators. ... The three victims were in a minivan. The police and prosecutor did not give the name of the deceased on Thursday afternoon, ignoring all inquiries from the sheriff's investigators. - A seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were supposed to live, they said. ... Santa Fe Springs ... a seventeen-year-old boy was killed, two men were wounded, but they were supposed to live. The three victims were in a small car.