 . . . That follows the withdrawal of gas from russian shale for use by the Europeans on the 1st of January. The gas companies did not agree on a price for 2009, . . . So ukraine has begun to divert Russian gas for use in Europe. . . . The Gazprom deputy director of finance Alexei Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas battle with ukraine, accusing ukraine of reducing its supplies. The Russian gas was released to Europeans on January 1st. ukraine gas had been diverted for use in Europe ... This would follow the withdrawal of Russian gas for use in Europe ... Gazprom's deputy director of finance Alexey Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas war with ukraine, accusing ukraine of reducing its supply. Gazprom's board of directors has convened an emergency meeting in Moscow, where they were discussing the ukraine gas 's own emission.' This comes in the wake of the withdrawal of Russian gas for use in Europe. . . . That follows the withdrawal of Russian gas for use in Europe . . . And so the gas companies in Europe began to make use of Russian gas. Gazprom's deputy director of finance Alexei Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas war with ukraine, accusing ukraine of decreasing its supply. The Gazprom board of directors convened an emergency meeting in Moscow to discuss ukraine's gas's own emission. . . . Russia's deputy director of finance Alexei Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas battle with ukraine, accusing ukraine of cutting its supply. The company's spokesman sergey Kuriyanov has said that ukraine does not agree with Gazprom . . . “Then Russia began to use Russian gas in Europe. This followed the withdrawal of Russian gas for use in Europe. The Gazprom board of directors convened an emergency meeting in Moscow, where they discussed the utmost naftogaz in ukraine. The Gazprom deputy director of finance Alexey Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas battle with ukraine, accusing ukraine of cutting its supply. . . . And so, the gas companies in Europe began to use Russian gas. The Russian gas was released for use in Europe on January 1st. The Gazprom deputy director of finance Alexey Medvedev is in Prague to inform the eu of the ongoing gas battle with ukraine, accusing ukraine of cutting its supplies. The spokesman of the company, Sergei Kuriyanov, has said that ukraine is not in agreement with Gazprom . . . he pointed out that ukraine has no naftogaz . . . So the gas companies in Europe began to utilize Russian gas.