 ‘He got the first opportunity to get hold of VH Secretary eric shinseki, who resigned from his post on Sunday, back in November. ’ ‘Drew griffin, the cnn investigative reporter whose report made va health care delays a national story, said that the VH Department of Health had not been able to respond to reporters’ questions at their own risk.’ “He seized the first opportunity to contact VH Secretary Eric Shinseki, who was resigning from his post on Sunday, November 22. “At that time, my colleague, Douglas Griffin, the investigative journalist whose report prompted the national story about Va health care delays, said that the VH Department of Health had not been able to respond to the reporters’ questions at their own risk. “The thing is, they’ve been trying to block our coverage by refusing to speak to us,” said Griffin. “Here are the rest of the remarks.” “And if there’s no one to perform to, if there’s no audience, there’s no point in performing,” said Cullen. "He seized the first opportunity to contact Secretary Eric Shinseki, who was resigning his post on Sunday, November 22. " That's when my colleague Douglas Griffin, the investigative journalist who wrote about Va health care delays, said that the VH Department of Health could not respond to the questions of the reporters at their own risk. - At the time, my colleague Douglas Griffin, the investigative journalist who published the article about Va health care delays, said that the VH Department of Health could not answer questions from the reporters at their own risk. " And if there is no one to entertain, if there is no audience, then there is no point in performing," said Cullen. "I also talked to cosmopolitan editor in chief joanna coles about the #yesallwomen movement ... he said that the media must seek ways to "take away" the stage ... - he said that the media should try "to take away" the stage ... " And he said that the media should seek ways of "taking away" the stage ... " "The impulse is an attempt to get away from these killers what they believe they want," but called it "a futile effort, because in this day and age, there are no barriers ... “And if there’s no one to entertain, no one to hold the stage, there’s no point in making a show of it,” said Cullen. “I also spoke to a journalist in chief of cosmopolitan about the #Yes, All Women movement ... he said the media must seek ways of taking the stage ... he said the media must seek ways of taking the stage ... “ And he said the media must seek ways of taking the stage ... “ And he said the media must seek ways of “taking the stage” ... “And if there’s no one to entertain, no one to entertain, then there’s no point in performing,” said Cullen. “The first opportunity was to get hold of VHS Secretary Eric Shinseki, who was resigning his post on Sunday, November 22. “At that time, my colleague Douglas Griffin, the investigative journalist who published the article about the va health care gap, said that the VHS could not answer the questions of the reporters at their own risk. “Then my colleague Douglas Griffin, the investigative journalist who published the article about va health care gap, said that the VHS Department of Health could not answer the questions of the reporters at their own risk. “He took the first opportunity to talk to VHS Secretary Eric Shinseki, who was leaving his post on November 22, 2018. And he said that the media must “take away” the stage...