 ... ... how it feels when j . . . rowling gives us more Harry Potter information ... . . how it is . . . when j. . . rowling tells us more of the Harry Potter universe. . . . . . . there are also series, movies, and a play in the series . . . Many of them contain new information about harry, ron, hermione and other characters of the original series . . . and since the close of the series in 2007 she is constantly adding to it . . . what it is . . . what it is when j . . . Rowling tells us more of the Harry Potter universe . . . and what he is . . . How it is... What it is... how it is... when j... Rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe... and what he is... Rowling even launched Pottermore, a sort of ever-evolving and ever-evolving Encyclopedia of trivia and back-stories from her world. Many of them contain new information about Harry, Ron, Hermine, and the characters of the original series... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has continually added to it... and since 2007 she has constantly added to it... and in many cases new information about harry, ron, hermione, and other characters of the original series... and since the close of the series in 2007 she is constantly adding to it... it is a huge subject, and as for those who love Harry Potter, it is all fascinating. Many of them contain new information about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters of the original series. From the end of the series in 2007 she continually added to it. And since the end of the series in 2007 she has continually added to it... and in many cases new information about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters of the original series... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has continually added to it... and in many cases new information about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters of the original series... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has constantly added to it... What is... what is... when j... Rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe... and what he is... What is... what is... when j... Rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe... and what he is... Then she also launched Pottermore, a sort of ever-increasing and ever-increasing Encyclopedia of her own world, containing many new and mysterious things about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters of the original series, and since the end of the series in 2007 she has constantly added to it ... and in many cases new and mysterious things about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters from the original series ... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has constantly added to it ... and in many cases new and mysterious things about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters from the original series ... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has continually added to it ... and in many cases new information about Harry, Ron, Hermine and other characters from the original series ... and since the end of the series in 2007 she has constantly added to it ... what it is ... what it is ... when j... rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe ... and what he is ... and what is ... when j... Rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe ... and what he is ... harry potter finds out that he is loaded in 'harry potter and the sorcerer' ... how it is ... what it is ... when j... Rowling tells us more about the Harry Potter universe ... and what he is ...