 This man, who asked for anonymity, told njmino.com that the eagles had expressed an interest in free agent running back Frank Gore. That person said that a deal with the San Francisco 49ers star would be done as soon as tuesday, the first day when free agents are given to another team. This man, who asked for anonymity, said that the eagles were interested in free agent Frank Gore. This person said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers star would be done as soon as Thursday, the first day of free agency, was announced. That person said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. . . . at this time free agents are not allowed to sign. . . . This man, who asked for anonymity, told Njmino.com that the eagles had expressed interest in a free agent, Frank Gore. That person said the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done as soon as Thursday, the first day of free agency, was announced. The man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. . . . He was one of 13 running backs who got more than 2,000 yards last season, and he ranked ninth in the league. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. . . . This man, who asked for anonymity, said the eagles had expressed interest in a free agent, Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. He was one of 13 running backs who got more than 2,000 yards in the league, and he was ranked eighth in the league. He was one of thirteen runners who got more than 2,000 yards in the league last season, and he was ranked ninth in the league. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. The person said that the deal with the San Francisco 49ers would be done as soon as Thursday, the first day of free agency. This person said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man, who asked for anonymity, said that the eagles were interested in a free agent, Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. He was one of thirteen defenders who had more than 2,000 yards in the league, and he was ranked ninth. He was one of thirteen defenders who had more than 2,000 yards in the league last season, and he was ranked ninth in the league. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore. This man said that the eagles were very interested in Frank Gore.