 What is needed is a splintering of action, at the local and national levels, the re-emergence of the old tools and methods of peacebuilding, and the departure from a “no-waste” economy – as experts have said. The current growth model is not sustainable. Neither the green economy nor alternative sources of energy can prevent global warming – neither the green economy nor the alternative sources of energy – can prevent global warming. What is needed is a splintering of action, both at the local and national level, the return of the old tools and methods of peacebuilding, the abandonment of the "no-waste" economy, as the experts have said. The present model is not sustainable. Neither the green economy nor the energy of the wind can prevent global warming. In its landmark report, "The limits to growth," published in 1972, the club of rome warned that the human ecological footprint had grown dangerously fast from 1900 to 1972. Soon after this warning the warning became a prophet: by 1986 the human ecological footprint had oversurpassed the carrying capacity of the earth ... There is a dispersion of action both at the local and national level, the return of the old methods and methods of peacebuilding, and the abandonment of the “no-waste” economy, as the experts have said. The present model is not sustainable. There is no green economy or energy from the wind to prevent global warming. The green economy and the energy from the wind cannot prevent global warming. The warning, which lasted until the end of the year 1972, was considered a prophet. The human ecological footprint exceeded the carrying capacity of the earth... - that is to say, there are five planets, it is necessary to live like a citizen of the United States, and if every citizen lived like a citizen, then five planets. The present model is not sustainable. The document, which lasted until the end of the year 1972, was considered a prophet. The warning, which lasted until the end of the year 1972, was considered a prophet. In its landmark report, the Limits to Growth, published in 1972, the Club of Rome warned that the human ecological footprint had grown terribly rapidly from 1900 to 1972. There is no splintering of action, both at the local and national level, the return of the old methods and methods of peacebuilding, and the abandonment of the "no-waste" economy, as the experts have said. The present model is not sustainable. The present model is not sustainable. There is no green economy and energy from the wind to prevent global warming; the oceans are warming and the sea level is rising continuously. The 5003no-green economy and the energy of the wind cannot prevent global warming. Neither the green economy nor the energy of the wind can prevent global warming. The human sphere exceeded the carrying capacity of the earth ... that is to say, there are five planets, it is necessary to live like a citizen of the United States, and if every citizen lives like a citizen, then there are five planets. The current growth model is not sustainable. The whole of the population is declining, the land, water, and biodiversity are losing. Neither the green economy nor the wind can prevent global warming. There is a dispersion of action, both at the local and national level, the return of the old methods and methods of peacebuilding, and the abandonment of the “no-waste” economy, as the experts have said. The current model is not sustainable. The human sphere has exceeded the carrying capacity of the earth ... that is, there are five planets, it is necessary to live like a citizen of the United States, and if every citizen lives like a citizen, then there are five planets. The present model is not sustainable. The human sphere has exceeded the carrying capacity of the earth ... that is, there are five planets, one must live like a citizen of the United States, and if one lives like a citizen, then five planets. The green economy and the wind cannot prevent global warming. The warning lasted until the end of the year 1972 was considered a prophet. The warning lasted until the end of the year 1972, and was considered a prophet. The danger lasted until the end of the year 1972. The warning lasted until the end of the year 1972, and it was considered a prophet. The warning lasted till the end of the year 1972. The human sphere exceeded the carrying capacity of the earth ... that is to say, there are five planets, it is necessary to live like a citizen of the United States, and if every citizen lives like a citizen, there are five planets. The economic growth model is not sustainable. The economic growth model is not sustainable. The political economy and the energy of the wind cannot prevent global warming; the oceans are warming and the sea level is rising, the temperature is rising, the sea level increases continuously.