 . . no, it's no surprise when you're an ensign when you're a colonel of the army, you're deployed anywhere . . . and it's no big deal if you're in the cadre of the army because you're ready to do anything . . . . . no, you are not surprised if you are an ensign, if you are a colonel, you are deployed anywhere . . . and it is no big deal if you are in the army, because you are ready to do anything . . . and people say that you are a minister here, but you cannot sing; how can you manage in this department? . . . and you are not at the highest level . . . No, it is not surprising when you are an ensign, when you are a colonel, you are deployed anywhere ... and it is not big deal if you are in the army, because you are ready to do anything ... and people say you are a minister here, but you can't sing; how can you manage in this department? ... and you are not at the highest level... and you don't have the highest level ... no, you are not surprised when you are an ensign, if you are a colonel, you are deployed anywhere ... and you are in the army because you are ready to do anything ... and you are not at the highest level... . . no, it’s not surprising when you’re an ensign, when you’re a colonel, you’re deployed anywhere . . . and it’s not surprising if you’re in the army, because you’re ready to do anything . . . and people say you’re a minister, but you can’t sing; how can you manage in this department? No, it’s not surprising when you’re an ensign, when you’re a colonel, you’re deployed anywhere . . . and it’s not big deal if you’re in the army, because you’re ready to do anything . . . and you’re not at the top... and you don’t have the highest rank... and you don’t have the top rank... and you’re not at the top rank... and you’re not at the top level... and you don’t have the top rank... No, it’s not surprising when you’re an ensign, when you’re a colonel, you’re deployed anywhere... and it’s not surprising when you’re an ensign, when you’re a colonel, you’re deployed anywhere... and it’s not surprising if you’re in the army, because you’re ready to do anything... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and people say you’re a minister here, but you can’t sing; how can you manage in this department? No, it’s not surprising when you’re an ensign, when you’re a colonel, you’re deployed anywhere... and it’s not surprising when you’re in the army, because you’re ready to do anything... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level... and you’re not at the highest level...