 Many people think that the secret to great cooking is mastery of technique. This helps a little, but it's hardly essential. . . . the key to cooking that attracts and satisfies, that brings people to the table and then keeps them coming back for more ... And yet it’s worth mentioning that you need a little knowledge of the art of cooking to make the most of it. To make it more exciting and tempting, to attract and satisfie, to draw people in and keep them coming back again... but that is very little important. The trick is to know how to seduce people and to make them come in for more. Karen Page and Robert Dornenburg have compiled a encyclopedic textbook on flavor. And it is worth mentioning that one has to be a little savvy in the art of cooking in order to make the most of it. The key to great cooking is to master the art of attracting and satiating, to draw people to the table, and to keep them coming back for more. To make it more exciting and tempting, to attract and satiate, to draw people in and keep them coming back ... but that is of little importance; the trick is to make people come back. Karen Page and Robert Dornenburg have written a encyclopedic textbook on taste. It not only explains what tastes like, but it also includes exhaustive lists of flavor pairings, such as maple syrup and brown sugar (too intense), among other things. They also suggest pairings that are not to be taken lightly, like maple syrup and brown sugar (too strong). As a matter of fact, it’s not essential. Many people think that the secret of great cooking is a mastery of technique. . . . This helps a little, but it’s hardly essential. Karen Page and Robert Dornenburg have compiled a encyclopedic textbook on taste. It not only explains what taste is, but it also includes exhaustive lists of flavours, such as maple syrup and brown sugar (too strong), among others. It also suggests pairings that shouldn’t be taken lightly, like maple syrup and brown sugar. But this is of little importance. The key to great cooking is to master the art of attracting and satiating, to attract and satiate, to draw people to the table and keep them coming back for more... and yet it’s worth mentioning that you need a little knowledge of the art of cooking to take advantage of it. Karen Page and Robert Dornenburg have written a comprehensive textbook on taste. It not only explains what tastes like, but it also includes an exhaustive list of flavor combinations, such as maple syrup and brown sugar, and other combinations.