 - Governor jerry brown's office has announced that his executive order is about to lift the drought emergency for most of the state, except for fresno, kings, tulare, and tuolumne counties. “The governor’s office announced today that his executive order will lift the drought advisory for most of the state, except for fresno, kings, tulare and Tuolumne counties. This drought advisory is now over, but the next drought may be around the corner,” said the governor. “This drought advisory is over, but the next drought might be around the corner,” said the governor. The governor’s office announced today that his order would lift the drought warning for most of the state, except for fresno, kings, tulare and Tuolumne counties. The governor’s office also announced that new legislation will help to enforce long-term conservation, as the state, with a history of dry weather, is preparing for future droughts. “This warning is over, but the next drought is about to come,” the governor said. “We must keep our airs in our mouths.” " The governor's office announced today that his order to lift the drought warning for most of the state, except for fresno, kings, tulare, and Tuolumne. The governor's office also announced that a new law will be enacted to improve long-term conservation, as the state, with a history of droughts, is preparing for future droughts. This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching," said the governor. "This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching," said the governor. "The governor's office announced today that his executive order will lift the drought warning for most of the state, except for fresno, kings, tulare and Tuolumne counties. "This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching," said the governor. "We must be in the right air. The governor’s office announced today that his order to lift the drought warning was lifted for most of the state, except for Fresno, King, Tuolumne, and the rest of the state. “This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching,” said the governor. “This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching,” said the governor. “The governor’s office announced today that his order to lift the drought warning was lifted for most of the state, except for Fresno, King, Tuolumne. The governor’s office announced today that his order to lift the drought warning was lifted for all of the state, except for Fresno, Kings, Tuolumne and Tuolumne. “This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching,” said the governor. The governor’s office also announced that a new law will be passed to promote long-term conservation, as the state, with a history of droughts, is preparing for future droughts. This warning is over, but the next drought is approaching,” said the governor. The governor’s office announced today that his order to lift the drought warning for most of the state, except for Fresno, kings, tulare and Tuolumne counties. More than 31 percent of california was in the most severe category – the extreme category – in april 2016.