 "Now, okay, so maybe delly wouldn't fall so far off the list. That's okay, okay, so maybe delly wouldn't come down so high. , that’s good, that it’s not so high. But there’s the first sign of the real thing! And yet, it’s apparently going to be real! According to the story of fox sports australia, dellavedova and his australian manager bruce kaider have teamed up with producer zachary green and jason shuman to create a movie about his life, which begins with his upbringing in Australia and ends with the present, which has taken dellavedova to the magical city of . . . “Well, then, maybe delly wouldn’t drop so far off the list. That’s fine, a little better, but it’s not so high. And yet it seems it’s destined to be a real thing! Apparently, it will be a real thing! According to the story of fox sports, dellavedova and his manager bruce kaider have teamed up with producer zachary green and jason shuman to produce a documentary on his life, which begins with his upbringing in Australia and ends with his present, which has led dellavedova to the magical city of... milwaukee. So, maybe it wouldn't go so far off the list, - it's good, - but it's not so high. And yet, it seems that it will be real! The story of fox sports - dellavedova and his manager bruce kaider, a man of the media, gang of jeers, teamed up with producer zachary green and shuman to make a film about his life, which begins with his education in Australia and ends with the present, which led dellavedova to the magical city of ... milwaukee. ' And so, maybe dellavedova wouldn't be so far off the list , maybe delly wouldn't have dropped so much off the list. . . . but it seems to be real! Apparently, it will be real! According to the story of fox sports, dellavedova and his australian manager bruce kaider have teamed up with producer zachary green and jason shuman to create a documentary about his life, which begins with his upbringing in Australia and ends with his present, which led dellavedova to the magical city of . . . But it’s the first sign of a real thing! The fox sports, according to the story of fox sports, dellavedova and his manager bruce kaider, a man of the media, a gang of jeers, teamed up with producer zachary green and jason shuman to make a documentary about his life, beginning with his education in Australia and ending with his present, which took dellavedova to the magical city of... milwauke. According to the story of fox sports, dellavedova and his manager bruce kaider, a man of the media, a band of jeers, teamed up with producer zachary green and jason shuman to make a documentary about his life, beginning with his education in Australia and ending with his present, which took dellavedova to the magical city of... milwauke. So maybe dellavedova wouldn't go so far off the list, maybe delly wouldn't have fallen so far off the list ... but it seems that it will be real! Apparently, it will be real! Apparently, it will be real! Apparently, it will be real! Apparently, it will be real! Apparently, it will be real! - dellavedova added that he is looking forward to beginning ...