 The child, three years old, was struck by a fire that happened on the south side of the building. Police said: "A three-year-old boy, maqkwone jones, was pulled from the second floor of his apartment and rushed to the tertiary hospital, suffering from cardiac arrest. " Fire fighters rushed to the three-story building in the 6700 block of south Dorchester Avenue, officials said. The child, a three-year-old boy, was involved in a fire that occurred in the south side of the building. The fire came on the south side of the building, and the fire blazed on the south side. The fire happened in the middle of the building. Several hundred firefighters rushed to the house in the 6700 block of Dorchester Avenue, said the fire department. , he died later in the hospital. , he said, the smoke was thick and dark and the fire workers were working hard to stop the flames from bursting out. And he died later in the hospital. Firefighters and three-story building on Dorchester Street were called to action. The three-story building was occupied by a fire in the south. The fire started in the south-east corner of the building, and the fire went south-west. The fire started on the south-west corner. A few hundred firefighters were called to the house in the 6700 block of Dorchester Street, the police said. The fire was caused by a fire in the south-east corner of the building. A three-year-old boy, Maqkwone Joynes, was pulled from his room, and taken to the tertiary hospital, where he died at the hospital. The child, a three-year-old boy, was involved in a fire that had blazed in the south-west corner of the building. The smoke was thick and black, and the fire workers were working to stop the flames from bursting out. “A three-year-old boy, Maqkwone Joynes, was pulled from the second floor of his apartment and brought to the tertiary hospital. The fire happened in the south-east corner of the building. A fire was started in the south-west corner of the building. The fire started in the south-west corner. The fire was set in the middle of the building. A few hundred firefighters rushed to the house in the 6700 block of Dorchester Avenue, the police said. The fire happened in the south-west corner of the building. Firefighters rushed to the three-story building on the south side of Dorchester Street, the fire started on the south-west corner, and a man living in the house was treated for smoke inhalation, while a firefighter from Chicago was taken to the Northwestern Memorial Hospital as a precautionary measure. The child, a three-year-old boy, was burned in the south-west corner of the building. The fire was started in the south-west corner, and it burned in the middle of the building. The fire started in the south-west corner. The child, a three-year-old boy, was burned in the south-west corner of the building. The child, a three-year-old boy, was burnt in the south-west corner of the building. The fire began in the south-west corner. A man who lived in the house was treated for smoke inhalation, and a firefighter from Chicago was brought to Northwestern Memorial Hospital for a precaution.