 History is full of the heroic tales of tyrants who changed the world with their visionary ideas. There is also a rich tradition of jolly scientists and crazy inventions. We have already included eleven such 'famous' ideas in our archive. History is full of heroic stories of tyrants who changed the world with their dazzling ideas. But there are also numerous laudable inventions of jolly scientists and mad inventions. The temptation, of course, is to include the rebuffs and the depraved. And we have already included eleven such ‘famous’ ideas in our archives. History is full of heroic tales of tyrants who changed the world with their brilliant ideas; but there are also many laudable inventions of jolly scientists and mad inventions. The temptation is to include the rebuffs and the depraved. We have already included eleven such ‘famous’ ideas in our archives. The heliocentrism galileo galilei, sometimes called the father of modern science, was among the first and most famous to pay the price for his savage and ridiculous ideas. , however, there are many laudable inventions of laudable scientists and laudable inventions. History is full of heroic tales of tyrants who changed the world with their brilliant ideas, but there are also many laudable inventions of laudable scientists and laudable inventions. History is full of heroic tales of tyrants who changed the world with their brilliant ideas; but there are also many laudable inventions of laudable scientists and laudable inventions. galileo galilei, sometimes called the father of modern science, was among the first and most famous to pay the price for his savage and ridiculous ideas. Galileo was forced to renounce the idea and to remain in prison for the rest of his life. And we have already included eleven such “famous” ideas in our archives. We have already included eleven such “famous” ideas in our archives. .. Unfortunately, in the 17th century rome , such radical ideas were actually heresy .. galileo was forced to repent and to live the rest of his life under house arrest . . .