 — washington — (reuters) — treasury Secretary jack lew on Saturday warned the House of Representatives against creating a crisis in federal spending in the months ahead, as the looming deadlines would presage a recurrence of the political death-deal which two years ago caused widespread chaos in the financial markets . . . We have already accomplished a lot of reduction of deficits, he said on the radio ... In the future, the Secretary of Treasury, Jack lew, warned the House of Representatives not to cause any crisis in the federal budget, since the looming deadlines would indicate the beginning of the political debacle that two years ago caused widespread confusion in the financial markets ... (The Washington Post) - Secretary of Treasury jack lew warned the House of Representatives not to start a war in federal finances in the coming months, because the time would be looming that the last political debacle that had been imposed two years ago caused widespread chaos in the financial markets ... “We must increase our debts so as not to create a crisis,” he said on the radio. In the future, the secretary of the Treasury, Jack Lew, warned the House of Representatives not to cause any crisis in the federal budget, since the looming deadlines would indicate the beginning of the political collapse that had caused the two-year crisis ... The debt ceiling squabble in august 2011, between obama and the congressional republicans, sparked wild stock-market swings and cost the United States its top tier aaa credit rating. (The Washington Post) - In the future, Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to create a crisis in the federal budget, because the looming deadlines would indicate the beginning of the political breakdown that had imposed two years ago, ... by early november congress should raise the debt ceiling in a way that doesn't cause a crisis ... " Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to start a war in the federal budget, because the time would come when the last political disaster that had been imposed two years ago caused widespread confusion in the financial markets ... I’ve already worked out how to pay down our debts,” he said on the radio. (The Washington Post) - Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to create a crisis in the coming months, because the deadlines would inevitably recur in the last political crisis of two years ago ... By early November Congress should raise the debt ceiling in a way that will not create a crisis. (The Washington Post) - Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to start a war in the federal budget, because the looming deadlines would imply the beginning of the political breakdown that two years ago caused the crisis ... In the future, the Treasury Secretary Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to create a crisis in the budget, because the looming deadlines would mean the beginning of the political chaos that two years ago caused widespread confusion in the financial markets ... In august 2011, the clash of the obama and the congress-republicans caused wild stock-market movements and cost the United States its aaaa credit rating ... (The Washington Post) - Jack Lew warned the House of Representatives not to create a crisis in the budget, because the looming deadlines would mean the beginning of the political collapse that had caused the two-year crisis ...