 ‘Among other things, jose antonio vargas’s story today makes it clear on a number of levels. One of these is that people were willing to help him in civilly disobedient fashion, starting with the dmv woman who whispered to him that his papers were fake, instead of reporting him. As i mentioned earlier, immigration reform seemed to me to be an issue of radical ideas, and if the public were able to bring themselves to engage in them, they would be bound to succeed. "In fact, jose antonio vargas's story today makes it clear on a number of levels: first, he is convinced that people are willing to help him civilly, starting with the dmv woman who whispered to him that his papers were fake, instead of reporting him. And second, he is not currently in a detention cell, asking about the knowledge that the editors of the washington and the huffington have of his status. As i mentioned before, I think that immigration reform is a very radical issue, and if the public were able to bring themselves to implement it, they would have to succeed. This story of jose antonio vargas’s today makes it clear that he is not currently in a detention cell to question him about the knowledge that the editors of the washington and the huffington did about his immigration status. In fact, jose antonio vargas's story today makes it clear on a number of levels. One of them is that people were willing to help him in a civil way, starting with the dmv who whispered to him that his papers were fake, and then he is not in a cell to ask about the knowledge the editors of the paper and the huff. As I have mentioned earlier, I believe that immigration reform is a very radical issue, and if the public were able to act, they would have to succeed. Among other things, jose antonio vargas’s story today is clear on a number of levels. One of these is that people have volunteered to help him in civil and abject manner, starting with the dmv woman who whispered to him that his papers were fake, instead of reporting him. As i have already mentioned, I believe that immigration reform is a very radical idea, and if the public is able to bring it about, they will have to succeed. This story of jose antonio vargas today is clear that he is not currently in a prison cell to question him about the knowledge that the editors of the newspaper and the huffington have of his status.