 a democratic coalition has also gained attention following the apparent mistaken vote by the parliamentary party on the employment-gender bill, with the party now indicating that it is at a crossroads. Here we’re talking to a parliamentary candidate and the head of the opposition in parliament, lindiwe mazibuko, and with political analyst and talk show host eusebius mckaiser, a commentator on political affairs, who is a political analyst and a talk show host eusebius mckaiser . . . This scandal of the day began when the vote of the parliamentary party on the matter of gender was supposed to have been a mistake, owing to administrative errors, time constraints, and misinformation, but the mp, who was in charge of the vote, said he was in favour of the decision. We’re talking to a candidate for parliament and the head of the opposition, lindiwe mazibuko, and with a political analyst and talk show host eusebius mckaiser, a political analyst and a talk show host eusebius mckaiser. The bill with its race-based elements rebels against the existing support for racialization and has angered liberal members . . . Read more about the scandal here. On friday, helen zille said that the vote of the da’s was a mistake, due to various administrative errors, time constraints and lack of information, but the MP who called the vote stood by his decision . . . read more about the scandal here. a democratic coalition, which has already been noticed by the party, now asserts itself at a crossroads. This scandal of the day began when the vote of the parliamentary party on the issue of gender was supposed to be a mistake, due to the irregularity of the elections, to the lack of information, and the MP who took the vote said he was in favor of the decision. The bill with its race-based elements rebels against the existing support for racialization, and angers the liberal members . . . read more about the scandal. We speak to a candidate for parliament and the head of the opposition, lindiwe mazibuko, and with political analyst and talk show host eusebius mckaiser, a political analyst and a talk show host eusebius mckaiser ... read more about the scandal here. This scandal of the day began when the vote of the parliamentary party on the subject of gender was supposed to have been mistaken, on account of administrative errors, time constraints and misinformation, but the mp, who was in charge of the vote, said that he was in favour of the vote. On Friday, helen zille said that the vote of the da was mistaken, for various reasons, namely, administrative errors, time restrictions and information, but the MP who called the vote stood by his decision.