 It’s getting so bad that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced hamas and has become a christian . . . Sept. 2, 2008 – hamas has a perceived image problem, and it’s getting worse. The problem is such that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of Hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced hamas and has become a Christian ... September 2, 2008 - Hamas is a perceived evil, and it’s getting worse. Mosad notes, as many arabs have pointed out, that it has not worked ... the conversion angle is something that moslems are trying to conceal ... The tragedy is that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of Hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced Hamas and become a Christian ... September 2, 2008 - Hamas is perceived evil, and it is getting worse. It is so bad that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of Hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced Hamas and become a Christian ... the elder yousef knows that this is not an isolated incident ... many young moslems are abandoning Islam ... most quietly ... the elder yousef knows that this is not an isolated event ... the conversion angle is something that moslems are trying to conceal ... In iran, the clerics of the country are amazed at a secret report from the police about a growing number of young iranians who abandoned islam. September 2, 2008 - Hamas has a perceived evil, and it is getting worse. It is so bad that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of Hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced Hamas and has become a Christian... September 2, 2008 - Hamas is perceived evil, and it is getting worse. The evil is that the thirty-year-old son of one of the founders of Hamas (hassan yousef) has renounced Hamas and become a Christian ... , the elder yousef knows that this is not an isolated event ... the conversion angle is something moslems are trying to conceal ... Many young moslems have left Islam ... most quietly ... the elder yousef knows that this is not an isolated event ... the conversion angle is something moslems are trying to hide ...