 The president, george bush, waves to reporters oct. The President, george bush, waved to reporters on Oct. 11, 1992, at the white house in washington . . . . but no matter what politics one can be sure of, most people will agree that the late president george h. w. . The president, george bush, was the subject of an oct. The president, george bush, was invited to the press in the morning, on the morning of October 11, 1992. . . . But no matter what the politics may be, it is certain that the late president, George Bush, had the most important qualities of a man, and as an American. . . . . i shall not recount here his long service to our nation . . . you probably have read it all on facebook, and in the newspapers, and you have seen it in the news recently . . . You have probably read all of this on facebook and in the newspapers, and have seen it in the news lately. The president, george bush, waved to the press on the morning of October 11, 1992. The president, george bush, waved to the press on the morning of October 11, 1992 . . . but, no matter what politics one can make out, everyone agrees that the late president George Bush was a man of the highest dignity, an American. . . . and what i remember most about president bush is that he was a decent man . . . and it’s no exaggeration to say that this holiday season is rather a stretch . . . but no matter what the political circumstances, one can tell that the late president George Bush had the most important qualities as a man and as an American. . . . you probably have read all this on facebook, in the newspapers, and you have seen it in the news . . . but, no matter what the political circumstances, it’s certain that the late president George Bush had the most important qualities as a man and as an American. The President, George Bush, waved to the press in the morning, on October 11, 1992. The President, George Bush waved to the press in the morning, on October 11, 1992. . . . but if the political circumstances were to be considered, all would agree that the late President George Bush was a man of the highest dignity, an American. And it is no exaggeration to say that this holiday season is somewhat a stretch . . . but no matter what the political situation, everyone will agree that the late President George Bush was the most important man and American. You probably read all this on facebook, in the newspapers, and you saw it in the news recently. The president, george bush, waved to the press on the morning of October 11, 1992. The president, george bush, waved to the press on the morning of October 11, 1992. The president, george bush, waved to the press on the morning of October 11, 1992 . . . but no matter what politics you can guess, everybody agrees that the late president George Bush was a man of the highest dignity, an American ... and what I remember most about president bush is that he was a gentleman ... and it's not an exaggeration to say that this holiday season is somewhat a stretch... but no matter what political circumstances, everyone agrees that the late president George Bush was the most important qualities as a man and as an American.