 And if there was any threat modelling at all, it was most certainly not a good one,” argued Peter Gutmann, from the university of auckland, new zealand, during a lecture on content protection. “Although it is a bad idea,” said Gutmann, at the usenix security symposium in boston today. “If there was even threat modeling, it was very ill done,” gutmann said, addressing a discussion on content protection in windows vista. "Certainly not a good one," said Peter Gutmann at the Usenix security symposium in Boston. "If there was any threat modeling, it was very ill done," argued Peter Gutmann, in a lecture on the protection of intellectual property. "There is no denying that it is bad," said Gutmann, at the usenix security symposium in Boston. " If the threat modeling was not done at all, it was terribly ill done," said gutmann, addressing the discussion of security in windows vista. " Although it is a bad idea," said Gutmann at the usenix security symposium in Boston today. " Although microsoft's object is to protect commercial material, home movies are becoming more and more filmed in high-definition," he said, "and it is not without reason that microsoft now requires that home movies should be stored in high-definition. So this is called the 'graphics opm' . And if they did not even do any threat modelling, it was very ill done,” argued Peter Gutmann, in a lecture on the protection of intellectual property. “Although it’s a bad idea,” said Gutmann at the Usenix security symposium in Boston. “If they did not do any threat modelling, it was terribly ill done,” said Gutmann, addressing a seminar on protection of intellectual property. “There’s no denying that it’s bad,” said Gutmann at the Usenix security symposium in Boston. “If threat modeling was done in any way, it was terribly ill done,” said Gutmann, addressing the discussion of security in windows vista. “If there was no threat modelling, it was very ill done,” said Gutmann, in a lecture on the protection of intellectual property. “This isn’t commercial HD content being stopped, it’s the own content that is being blocked,” said gutmann. “If the threat modeling wasn’t done in any way, it was terribly ill done,” said Gutmann, addressing the discussion of security in windows vista. “This isn’t a commercial hd content being blocked,” said Gutmann, “it’s personal content that’s being blocked.”