 Lhasa yesterday condemned its new regulations for foreign journalists, saying that they would not prevent foreign media from covering the 16th Asean summit in vientiane. . . . ” savankhone razmountry remarked. . . . , we have no restrictions but procedures, which other countries have also to be careful about national security, ” said the deputy minister of information, culture and tourism and the president of the lao journalists association lsja, savankhone razmountry. “We don’t have any strict regulations, but we have some definite procedures, which other countries must also follow in the matter of national security,” said the deputy minister of information, culture and tourism, and the president of the Lao journalists association lsja, savankhone razmountry. Lhasa yesterday condemned its new regulations for foreign journalists, saying that they could not prevent foreign journalists from covering the Asean summit in vientiane. But, in addition, the journalists who came to film and screened the documentary must submit their coverage – this – said vorasack pravongviengkham, deputy director of the lao national radio. “We don’t have any restrictions, but we have some definite procedures which other countries must follow in the matter of national security,” said the Deputy Minister of Culture and Tourism, and the President of the Lao journalists association lsja, savankhone razmountry. “We don’t have any strict laws, but we have some definite laws, which other countries must follow as well,” said the Deputy Minister of Information, Culture and Tourism, and the President of the Lao journalists association lsja, savankhone razmountry. Lhasa yesterday condemned the new regulations for foreign journalists, saying that they could not prevent foreign journalists from covering the Asean summit in vientiane. “Asean summits are to be covered by the asean people in Laos,” remarked the deputy minister of information, culture and tourism. But the journalists who came to film and produced the documentary must also submit the report.