 he said. “Chicago - ual corp . . . ” (she added) “Chicago-Ultras was the first airline to charge $ 15 in U.S. (He added) he said. “Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge for a single bag of baggage in the U.S., matching the controversial fee that amr corp. imposed in May on the American airlines, as a way of absorbing the rising fuel prices . . . . . . (he added) - "Chicago-Ultras is the first airline in the world to charge for a single piece of baggage, in addition to the controversial charge amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May, to cover the rising fuel costs. - he said. - "Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of baggage in the U.S. , in addition to the charges for bags weighing more than three lb. , or overweight, or objects that need special handling, the airline said it also increased the charge for checked bags, with excess, overweight or items that require special handling, to $ 125 from $ 100, or $ 250 from $ 200, depending on the item . "Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge a single bag of luggage in the United States, a percentage of the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May, as a way of absorbing the rising fuel prices. " He added. "Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of baggage, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to cover the rising fuel prices ... he added. "Chat-u-ver corp. was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of baggage, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May, in order to cover the rising fuel prices ... “Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of luggage, in addition to the controversial fee that Amr Corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rise in fuel prices ... ” he added. “Chicago-Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of baggage, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to cover the rise in fuel prices. ... ‘The first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of luggage, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rise in fuel prices ... he added. ‘ The Chatuver Corp. was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag of baggage, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to cover the rise in fuel prices ... he added. “Chicago Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rising fuel costs.” He added. “Chicago Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rise in fuel costs. “Chicago Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rise in fuel prices.” he added. “Chicago Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to cover the rise in fuel costs. . . . ” he added. “Chicago Ultras was the first airline in the world to charge $ 15 for a single bag, in addition to the controversial fee amr corp. imposed on American airlines in May to offset the rise in fuel prices . . . ”