 - Wednesday, a state panel heard testimony on this "missing and murdered indigenous women," a legal issue that affected all Montanans but could have a profound effect on the native american community. House bill 21 - known as "hanna's act" - authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a specialist for the investigation of missing persons in the counties of the state, state, federal and tribal counties. "On Wednesday, a court heard testimony on this case of missing and murdered indigenous women, which affected all Montanans, but had a profound effect on the Native American community. House Bill 21 (also known as the Hannah's Act) authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a specialist to search missing persons in the counties of the state, the federal, and tribal counties. However, they noted that it was not only the reservation problem but also the state ... "On Wednesday a court heard testimony about the missing and murdered indigenous women, which affected all Montanans but had a profound effect on the Native American community. On Wednesday a state court heard testimony on this "missing and murdered" indigenous women, a legal issue that affected all Montanans but had a profound effect on the Native American community. The bill, the Hannah Act, also known as the Hannah Act, authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a specialist in the search of missing persons in the counties of the state, the federal, the tribal counties. But they did not mention the "reserve" problem, but the state. The committee of the court heard the bill and three others on Wednesday, but only heard testimony. The bill, sponsored by Rep. It was on Wednesday that the court heard testimony about this “missing and murdered” indigenous woman, which affected all Montanans, but which had a profound effect on the Native American community. House Bill 21 (also known as Hannah’s Act) authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a specialist in the search for missing persons in the counties of the state, the federal and the tribal counties. However, the Senate of the State Council heard nothing of the “reserve” issue, but of the state as well. On Wednesday, a hearing took place on this “missing and murdered” indigenous woman, which affected all Montanans, but had a profound effect on the Native American community. On Wednesday a commission heard testimony on this “missing and murdered” indigenous woman, a legal issue which affected all Montanans, but had a profound effect on the Native American community. The committee of the State Council heard testimony on this “missing and murdered” indigenous woman, which affected all Montanans, but had a profound effect on the Native American community. The bill, known as Hannah’s act, authorizes the Department of Justice to hire a specialist to investigate missing persons in the counties of the State, the Federal and the Tribes. But they did not mention the “reserve” problem, but the “state” problem.