 They said that when the FDA detected Listeria in a sample of a new tahini sauce, it issued a nationwide recall and discontinued all its food preparations. The yorgo products, the tahini, which were originally called hommus, were: “Baked red pepper; Lemon; Chipotle pepper; chipotle pepper; sundried tomato; green olive; and garlic and chive.” The yorgo products, which were originally called hommus, were: “Ranchmelon, Lemon, Chipotle pepper, chipotle pepper, green olive, and garlic and chive.” The recalled products were: “Cassava with Artichoke, baba ghannouj, grape leaves, yogurt dip cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel, and tzatziki.” They said that when the FDA detected Listeria in a new tahini sauce, it issued a nationwide recall and discontinued all its products. The recalled products were spinach hummus with artichoke, spinach hummus with artichoke, baba ghannouj, grape leaves, yogurt dip cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel, and tzatziki . The recalled products were: Cassava with Artichoke, Bahiya Ghaj, grape leaves, paprika, cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel, and tzatziki. They said that when the FDA found Listeria in a sample of a new tahini sauce, it made a nationwide recall and discontinued all its products. The yorgo products, the tahini, which was called hommus, were: “Ranchmelon, Lemon, Chipotle pepper, green olive, and garlic and chive.” The yorgo products, the tahini, which were originally called hommus, were: “Ranchmelon, Lemon, Chipotle pepper, green olive, and garlic and chive.” And the FDA found it in a sample of a new sauce, and it hastened to take down all its products. The yorgo products, the tahini, were called hommus, “Ranchmelon, Lemon, Chipotle pepper, green olive, and garlic and chive.” The yorgo products, the tahini, which were originally called hommus, were: “Ranchmelon, Lemon, Chipotle pepper, green olive, and garlic and chive.” They said that when the FDA found Listeria in a new tahini sauce, they made a nationwide recall and discontinued all its products. They said that when the FDA found Listeria in a new tahini sauce, it issued a nationwide recall and discontinued all its products. The recalled products were spinach hummus, spinach hummus, baba ghannouj, grape leaves, yogurt dip cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel, and tzatziki. The recalled products were: spinach hummus, spinach hummus, baba ghannouj, grape leaves, yogurt dip cilantro and chive, tahini sauce, falafel, and tzatziki. The recalled products were: roasted pepper, lemon, tomato, green olive, and garlic and chive.