 In case you have really missed it (i, i, m, eh, the old pronoun has not yet taken off), it's probably because you don't visit the internet very often, especially on Twitter, where people and businesses make use of it every minute to bring them to the attention of others who may not have seen them before. So, in case you've missed it, the first letters icymi are used for the first five words of this sentence. The New York Times has even included a section on its app called "if you missed it" with links from the past week. For the rest of you, in case you’ve really missed it (i, i, m, eh, the old pronoun has not yet gone), it’s probably because you don’t visit the internet very often, especially on Twitter, where they make use of it to alert people who haven’t seen it before. In fact, if you’ve really missed it (i, i, m, eh, the old pronoun hasn’t yet been extinguished), then you’ve probably never visited the Internet very often, especially on Twitter, where people and businesses do use it every minute to bring them to the attention of others who might not have seen them before. The New York Times even includes a section of the week’s articles, if you’ve missed it, with links from the last week. While the long-phrase has been used in conversations for a long time, the shorter version exhibits an anxiety inherent in the era of the Internet. In case you really haven’t (i, i, i, eh, the old pronoun hasn’t yet been demolished), it’s probably because you don’t really go to the internet very often, especially on Twitter, where people and businesses are always aiming to get their message to people who haven’t seen it before. If you really haven’t (i, i, eh, the old pronoun hasn’t gone), then you probably haven’t visited the Internet very often, especially on Twitter, where people and businesses are constantly trying to get their message to people who may not have seen it before. The New York Times even includes a section of the week’s articles, if you haven’t, with links from the week before. The phrase has been used in the same way for a long time, but the shorter version of it shows the anxiousness of the new age of information. Then, if you really haven’t missed it (i, i, i, eh, the old pronoun isn’t out), then you probably haven’t visited the internet very often, especially on Twitter, where they use it every minute to make sure they’re being noticed by those who might not have seen them before. The New York Times even has a section of the week’s articles, if you haven’t missed it, with links from the previous week.