 I don't like to try and drink according to seasons : reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot ... but that's winter, a time to put on some clothes ... I’m not interested in varying the kinds of wines you taste, according to the seasons. I prefer reds when it’s cold, whites and roses when it’s hot. But that’s winter, the time to put on your clothes. Moreover, to me the taste of deep, soulful, flavorful mingled with the mixture of herbs and spices, of long braises, of roast beef and birds roasted on the bone is not at all to be pursued in accordance with the seasons. In manhattan, where i live, a bit of a funnily conceived taffeta may sound a little ridiculous, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with a bubbling pot of beans or a stew bubbling, is indispensable. I don’t care about the types of wines you drink according to the season, I like reds when it’s cold, whites and roses when it’s hot. I like reds when it’s cold, whites and roses when it’s hot... but that’s winter, you should get dressed... in Manhattan, where I live, a bit of a funny thought about a taffeta may sound ridiculous, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with a bubbling pot of beans or a stew, is the essential ingredient. I don’t like drinking according to the season: reds when it’s cold, whites when it’s hot... but that’s winter, and time to get dressed... Besides, the taste of deep, soulful, tasty food, mixed with herbs and spices, with long braises, with roast beef and birds roasted on the bone, is not at all something to be followed by the season. I don't like to drink according to the season; reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot; but that's winter, and you should get dressed... I don't care about the type of wines you drink according to the season; I like reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; I prefer reds when it's cold, whites and roses when it's hot; but that's winter, you should get dressed... I don't care about the type of wine you drink according to the season, I like reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot, but that's winter, it's time to get dressed... in Manhattan, where I live, some funny idea about a taffeta may seem silly, but the warmth of the oven or stove, with the bubbling pot of beans or stew, is indispensable. Besides, I don't care about the wine you drink according to the season, I like reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot ... but winter, you have to get dressed ... I like reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot ... but that's winter, you have to get dressed ... I don't like to drink according to the season: reds when it's cold, whites when it's hot ... but winter, you have to get dressed ...