 This image shows multiple events. There are often problems with the best experiments. A neutrino event is clearly visible in the bands of cerenkov radiation that are visible on the photomultiplier tubes in the detector walls. The neutrino effect is clearly visible in the spectra of the cerenkov radiation visible on the tubes of the photomultiplier in the walls of the detector. When this happens, the experiment is often dismissed as a failure, although you would never have known its results without being involved. But a day or two later, the equipment you have developed might become sensitive to something entirely different . . . And, in any case, the apparatus that you have created might be sensitive to something else altogether . . . And, when this happens, the experiment is often regarded as a failure, even though it had never been performed without making the experiment. There are often problems with the best experiments. The neutrino event is clearly visible in the bands of cerenkov radiation that are visible on the detector walls. The neutrino effect is clearly visible in the spectra of cerenkov radiation which are visible on the detector walls. This is how neutrino astronomy was born. The experiment is often dismissed as a failure, though you would never have known its results without being involved. When you work in a new way, with a new sensitivity, under a new condition, that is often the most surprising and serendipitous discoveries ... That is how neutrino astronomy was born. There are often problems with the best experiments. The neutrino event is clearly visible in the bands of cerenkov radiation visible on the photomultiplier tubes on the detector walls. The neutrino effect is clearly visible in the spectra of cerenkov radiation visible on the detector tubes. When this happens, the experiment is often dismissed as a failure, though one would never have known its results without being involved. When one works with a new light, with a new sensitivity, under a new situation, that is often the most surprising and serendipitous discoveries ... And in any case, the apparatus that you have created may become sensitive to something entirely different ... But in the meantime, your new apparatus might become sensitive to something entirely different ... and yet the apparatus you have created may be sensitive to something completely different ...