 . . the newspapers that carried oil-laden sand at Fort Mcmurray, alberta, canada. The federal press held special meetings yesterday and Monday, the president of the center for american progress, john podesta, the chairman of the transitional committee of president obama, reprimanded canada for not complying with the national interest in a green energy system . . . the economic trucks carrying heavy loads of oil-laden sand at the Albian Sands project, Fort Mcmurray, alberta, canada. . . the economic trucks carrying heavy loads of oil-laden sand at the Albian Sands project, Fort Mcmurray, alberta, canada. The government of canada held special meetings on Tuesday and Thursday, the president of the center for American Progress, john podesta, chairman of the transitional committee of the president obama, reprimanded canada for not complying with the national interest in the green energy system . . . the papers that carried oil-laden sand at Fort Mcmurray, alberta, Canada. . . . , the ambassador of the american government, david jacobson, declined to comment on whether Mr. podesta’s remarks were at odds with the administration’s view . . . The government of canada held special meetings on Tuesday and Thursday, the president of the Center for American Progress, john podesta, chairman of the transitional committee of the president obama, reprimanded canada for not being in compliance with the national interest in a green energy system. The newspapers that smelt oil-laden sand at Fort Mcmurray, alberta, canada. The Economic Trucks Carrying Heavy Loads of Oil-laden Sand at Fort Mcmurray, alberta, Canada. The journalists who smelt oil-laden Sand at Fort Mcmurray, alberta, Canada. The government of canada held special meetings on Tuesday and Thursday, the president of the American Progress, john podesta, chairman of the transitional committee of the president obama, reproached canada for not complying with the national interest in a green energy system . . . sujata raisinghani, a spokeswoman for the Canadian ...