 khleothomas, of course, was so talented as to have been seen in the same part as the rock star in 'Walking Tall', and with shia labeouf and sigourney weaver in 'Breathing Glimmers.' . . . ' So many girls,' is only the first taste of what's to come for the actor. “What girls are you doing now?” – “Thank you, khleothomas, for taking the trouble . . . ah, thank you, Khleothomas, for taking the trouble. – q- thank you, khleothomas, for taking the trouble . . . and what are you doing now? “Thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble. . . . ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble. . . . and what are you doing now? - Thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble . . . ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble . . . What girls are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble . . . so many girls! - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... and what are you doing now? How did you get into acting and what did you always want to do? - khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble ... and what are you doing now? “Thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... ah, thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now? How did you get into acting and what did you always want to do? - thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... thank you, khleotromas, for taking the trouble... and what are you doing now?