infrared spectroscopy is a crucial means in the identification of stellar dust compositions . _ infrared satellite observations by the _ infrared observatory in space _ ( _ irts _ ; * ? ? ? * ) and the _ infrared space observatory _ ( _ iso _ ; * ? ? ? * ) have revealed several new spectral features in the diffuse emission , and the discovery of new dust features in the galactic medium @ xcite . observations by _ iso _ also clearly show the presence of crystalline dust around young and hot stars for the first time @ xcite , while it is not yet certain whether such dust exists anywhere in outer space . in the present article we describe the observations of two star - forming regions , the carina nebula and the sharpless 171 ( s171 ) , with the long - wavelength spectrometer ( lws ; * ? ? ? * ) on board _ iso _ and the discovery of far - infrared peaks around 65 @ xmath0 m and 70 @ xmath0 m in the diffuse emission . the orion nebula is one of the most massive regions on the galactic disk and known to contain a number of g - type stars @ xcite . the s171 region is a typical gas and dust cloud region @xcite . these features are thought to represent the structure of different regions of the nebula . possible combinations of the two main features are discussed and we consider the possibility that carbon ##aceous grains of the graphitic material are the basis for the central interstellar matter @ xmath0 m feature . the central @ xmath1 portion of the carina nebula was observed by two - dimensional raster scans with the lws cross - section mode and the far - infrared spectra for 43197 @ xmath0 m were obtained for 132 positions ( for details of the observations , see * ? ? ? ) two - dimensional scan was made for 132 positions on - line from the central source to the molecular cloud region in s171 with the same lws observing mode @ xcite . the observed structure of the both regions are active regions and molecular clouds and the spectra sample the diffuse emission from the dark matter rather than the emission from point - like objects . the off - line processing capabilities of iso 10 . 1 ( olp 10 . 1 ) provided by the iso spectral analysis package were used for the spectral analysis . the spectra were defringed , integrated into the observed brightness , and the extended source data was processed by the iso spectral analysis package ( isap) software . the sample data and the scale factors are taken from the online lws handbook @ xcite . there are gaps in the spectra between the two regions , which can be ascribed to the differences either in the responsivity , in the dark current , or in the spatial brightness distribution in the region . figure [ fig1 ] shows examples of the combined original spectra of the two regions , while figure [ fig2 ] shows their stitched spectra to correct the gaps . both spectra were obtained at the transition zone between the molecular gas and ionized gas , where the far - infrared band is too large to investigate these regions . the resulting measurements are made by averaging each individual channel because the observed regions are bright enough that the uncertainty in the dark current should be less significant than those in the responsivity or in the spatial brightness distribution . as can be seen in figure [ fig1 ] , the amount of the gaps is small ( @ xmath2 5 % ) except for the three main channels ( @ xmath3 @ xmath0 m ) , where 1020 % scaling is necessary to correct the gaps . the presence of a very large absorption band at the @ xmath0 m is seen only in the unstitched ., particularly in s171 . in the spectrum of the carina nebula , the appearance of this feature is slightly disturbed by the higher resolution of the adjacent channel systems ( sw2 and sw4 ) compared to the resolution of the sw3 channel , but it can still be seen in the overall spectrum of the sw3 channel . a broad feature starting at 100 @ xmath0 m is also noticeable in the unstitched spectrum of s171 . the surface of the nebula appears to become flatter around the boundary between the sw4 and sw5 channels , indicating a feature starting at 80 @ xmath0 m . in the unstitched spectrum of the orion nebula , the gap between the sw4 and sw5 channels makes the feature less obvious , but the change in the slope of the sw5 channel can still be seen . the spectral line clearly indicates the presence of the feature . however there is no such abrupt change in the slope at longer wavelengths and the full wavelength range of the feature is difficult to estimate from these spectra . no spurious observations have been made nor the relative frequency distribution will have the same effect in these spectral ranges @ xcite . we will discuss possible underlying mechanisms to confirm the existence of the feature andsee the examples shown in this section . these features are seen at about a third of the observed positions both in the carina and s171 regions . since these features are seen over a large area of the interstellar medium , the molecular structure may be a species in free space . @ xcite reported the presence of 65 @ xmath0 m and 90 @ xmath0 m features in the spectra of evolved stars . figure [ fig3 ] a shows a photograph of ngc6302 taken from the iso archival data set for comparison ( cf . * ? ? ? the continuum emission indicates a much higher temperature than those in figure [ fig2 ] and the features are weakly seen in the figure ##er . to show the features more clearly , the temperature is multiplied by the square of the wavelength ( @ xmath4 ) and shown in figure [ fig3 ] b . the interstellar 90 @ xmath0 m feature seems very similar to that detected in evolved stars . the line of the 65 @ xmath0 m feature is also obviously further than [ ] 63 @ xmath0 m line ( fig . [ fig4 ] ; see also fig . [ fig6 ] ) and thus is not associated with the water ice found at the@ xmath0 m @ xcite . @ xcite has identified a carbon - bearing organic solid , diopside ( camgsi @ xmath5o @ xmath6 ) , as a possible carrier of the 65 @ xmath0 m band in crystal form . further measurements of the optical properties of diopside confirm the 65 @ xcite . figure [ fig4 ] shows a comparison of the experimental spectra with the laboratory data . the well known species ##tors see next subsection is also shown . the laboratory spectrum shows a wider band than those observed and other molecules , such as water ice and methane ( camg ( co @ xmath7 ) @ xmath5 ) , have been found to contribute strongly to the 65 @ xmath0 m band . @ xcite . diopside has a weak feature detected at 45 . 5 @ xmath0 m . the lws detector in this frequency range ( sw1 ) is less sensitive and known to have strong features . in the present case a strong feature is detected at 45 @ xmath0 m both in the upward and downward direction of the spectra , suggesting the presence of the 65 @ xmath0m band . however , noises in this spectral range delay the firm detection and further observations are needed to confirm the results . band structures of other crystalline minerals , such as the 65 @ xmath0 m band of forsterite found in ngc6302 , are not present in the observed lws spectrum . diopside also has strong features in 3040 @ xmath0 m . the entire nebula was observed by short - wavelength spectrometer ( sl ; * ? ? ? * ) and the spectra of 0 . 345 @ xmath0 m have been obtained . however the observed spectra were not taken at the same time as the lws spectrum and therefore the direct measurement is difficult . the observed spectra are dominated by strong features and do not clearly show any solid bands except for the faint 65 @ xmath0 m star @ xcite . if the identification of the interstellar star @ xmath0 m with diopside is correct , this is the first appearance of a crystalline silicate in the outer space medium . the formation of dust grains by interstellar shocks suggests that a large amount of cosmic dust must have formed in outer space in addition to those supplied from star @ xcite . diops##ide is a high - temperature condensate and can survive extreme conditions . calcium is a less abundant element than magnesium and silicon , and it is highly depleted in the gas phase of the interstellar medium @ xcite . therefore the presence of calcium - rich grains should not be detected in interstellar space . based on the measured band strength of diopside @ xcite and the absorption coefficients applied to the continuum , we can estimate that 510 % of the abundance calcium in diopside grains is enough to account for the observed band strength if we use the commonly used mass absorption coefficient of 50 @ xmath8g @ xmath9 for the continuum seen at 100 @ xmath0 m @ xcite . @ xcite have suggested that the crystallinity of the silicates is less than 12 % in the interstellar medium based on the observation of protostars . since the continuum seen at 100 @ xmath0 m is very broad and weak , we need several locations for the observed continuum to examine the structure of the broad 100 @ xmath0 m continuum in detail and to make a rough estimate of the 100 @ xmath0 m spectral line . from the estimate of the continuum we assume the observed continuum to be at 5560@ xmath0 m , 7080 @ xmath0 m , and 140190 @ xmath0 m or 120190 @ xmath0 m ( see below ) and we try to fit the observed spectra for these ranges with the baseline , as much as possible . because the shortest possible range ( 5560 @ xmath0 m ) has higher noises , less weight is put on this range in the fitting . we first compare the dust model with the power - law emissivity ( @ xmath10 , where @ xmath11 is a constant ) for the infrared emission . we find that the single - component graybody model does not fit the entire baseline very well . thus the model always gives a larger flux at longer wavelengths than the observed spectra . this discrepancy could only be solved by increasing @ xmath11 because then the model would give very small fluxes at short wavelengths . adding a second component with a higher temperature improves the results drastically . the model of @ xmath12 both for warm and cold spectra gives reasonable results , but still gives slightly larger flux at longer wavelengths ( @ xmath13 @ xmath0 m ) than the model2 . increase of @ xmath11 from small to very large values for the cold grains does not improve the fit appreciably . the power - law emissivity also has a spectral value of @ xmath14 in the rayleigh - jeans model . the discrepancy in the fit at longer wavelengths comes from the fact that the observed spectra have a gradually changing power - law profile . the intensity difference of the lws beam determines the overall shape of the curve . as shown in figure [ fig1 ] the unstitched spectra have very large values in longer wavelengths ( @ xmath15 @ xmath0 m ) , suggesting the uncertainty associated with the slope in this wavelength range . it also suggests the difficulty in defining the assumed baseline in the longer wavelengths . in the following we consider two cases for the above ; one with 140190 @ xmath0 m ( case a ) and 120190 @ xmath0 m ( case b ) to illustrate the effect of the assumed baseline and as a more realistic example we examine the quartz silicate and graphite grain model @ xcite the silicate and quartz grains both have both a power - law emissivity of @ xmath16in the far - field and this model provides slightly better results than the power - law emissivity model of @ xmath17 . we present the results of the carbon - graphite experiment in the figure . we assume only single temperatures for each of the individual silicate and carbon grains and look for the best fit temperatures . the observed spectra can represent various chemical properties of various dust grains and thus these values are a good approximation for the observed continuum . in the [ fig2 ] the best fit results are plotted along with the observed spectra . the dotted lines are the results for the case a baseline , which fit the observed spectra reasonably well even in the longest wavelengths . they contrast mostly with the observed results for @ xmath18 @ xmath0 m in the background . the dotted lines are those for the case b baseline , which have much higher fluxes at longest wavelengths ( @ xmath13 @ xmath0 m ) than the observed spectra . both cases clearly show the presence of an excess feature starting around 80 @ xmath0 m . the slope starting around 80 @ xmath0 m is steep and can only be accounted for by the graybodies . the similarity of the excess profile in two different regions of theanalysis of the feature and determine the common origin . @ xcite have compared the 90 @ xmath0 m feature in evolved stars to calcite ( caco @ xmath7 ) , a calcium mineral . in figure [ fig3 ] , we can plot a single - temperature graybody as a possible reference continuum . comparison with figure [ fig2 ] indicates that the 90 @ xmath0 m feature in ngc6302 is longer than the interstellar 100 @ xmath0 m feature . the spectrum of ngc6302 shows a clear slope of around 90 @ xmath0 m , which indicates the longer wavelength edge of the feature . in contrast , the interstellar spectra do not show the clear change in the slope and suggest that the feature is extended to longer wavelengths than the 100 @ xmath0 m feature . the longer wavelength edge of the observed feature may not be well defined . although the exact peak length and width of the feature depends on the reference continuum and the length of the baseline , the observed 100 @ xmath0 m feature appears to be extended to longer wavelengths and has a wider width than the 90 @ xmath0 m feature seen in evolved stars . calcium carbonate grains are a likely candidate for the100 @ xmath0 m emission from evolved galaxies and stars may contribute to the interstellar 100 @ xmath0 m profile , we consider the type of diffuse emission which has a minimum feature of 100 @ xmath0 m for the band carrier and the diffuse emission . in the meantime we consider whether carbon onion material consisting of two curved graphitic sheets @ xcite may account for the very broad 100 @ xmath0 m feature or not . it is an anisotropic material and has different optical properties in the direction parallel and perpendicular to the c - axis ( the c - axis is perpendicular to the graphitic plane ) . it has an interband transition around 100 @ xmath0 m in the direction perpendicular to the c - axis @ xcite . the emission efficiency of graphite spheres can be calculated using the so - called approximation @ xcite , in which the energies in the perpendicular and parallel to the c - axis are equal with the weight of and , respectively . this approximation is useful in the single particle case if the particle size of layered graphitic sheets and the optical properties in both directions are independent . for the graphite sphere , the emission efficiency in the direction parallel to the c - axis is much largerthan that in the direction perpendicular to the axis in the far - infrared region . therefore the interband feature as described above is not visible in the emission efficiency @ xcite . in carbon onion , on the other hand , the graphitic layer is curved and approximately constitutes the grain . thus the optical effects in the two directions should be closely coupled and the interband feature can be visible in the emission efficiency of carbon onion grains . figure [ fig5 ] shows the emission efficiency factors divided by the grain size for a graphite sphere and a carbon onion grain under the assumption that the grain radius is much larger than the wavelengths in infrared . considering the optical properties of graphite , the directions parallel and perpendicular to the c - axis at room temperature , are adopted in the calculations ( * ? ? ? * ; * ? ? ? * see below for details ) . the efficiency for the carbon onion is calculated using the formulation of henrard et al . ( 1993 ) and is assumed to have a broad peak of 0 . 5 grain radius proportional to the particle size . the appearance of the peak is insensitive to the size of the particle . a similar peak around 100 @ xmath0 ##3 is visible in the emission efficiency of the graphite sphere in the direction perpendicularto the c - band , but it is hardly seen in the optical efficiency . on the other hand , the far - field effect is seen in the absorption spectrum of carbon onion particles . figure [ fig6 ] shows a comparison of the observed spectrum with that of carbon onion grains . to make the comparison easy the emission spectra are divided by the underlying continuum , while the spectrum of the carbon onion is divided by @ xmath19 . two lines in the upper ##most panels indicate the width of the underlying continuum . carbon onion grains show a similar absorption profile to that observed in the observed laser emission , but details of the profile do not match perfectly . on account of the uncertainties of the size of the underlying continuum and the optical properties of carbon onions ( see below ) , the similarity of the observed feature suggests that carbon onions are a free carrier of the observed 100 @ xmath0 m feature . the 100 @ xmath0 m feature of carbon onions results from the surface absorption of small particles @ xcite and is near the point where the real value of the dielectric constants in the complex plane plane becomes below zero . the exact position and profile of the feature thus depends on the adopted dielectric constant . thus the electronic structure of carbon onionsalthough been suggested to not differ much from that of graphite @ xcite , the contribution of free electrons , which dominates in the far - infrared regions , may be significant . in fact , studies of electron spin shifts and electron energy - loss effects suggest that @ xmath20 electrons in carbon onions are not present in the surface @ xcite . the addition of @ xmath20 electron can decrease the contribution of free electrons , shifting the surface energy to wavelengths longer than 100 @ xmath0 m . we estimate that the shift can be greater than 10 @ xmath0 m . but it is difficult to estimate the full range of the effect because the behavior of free electrons depends also on the temperature and the strength of the interband transition . carbon onions could also be affected by the shift . the @ xmath20 electron contribution , the temperature difference , and the possible difference in the interband transition strength should affect the optical properties of carbon onions in the far - infrared . the match shown in image [ fig6 ] may be just a match in this case . the present calculation shows that the observed optical properties can be accounted for if carbon onion grains contribute to 2030 % of the far - infrared spectrum . carbon is an unstable element ,but the exact form of carbon onions in the interstellar medium is not yet known ( e . g . * ? ? ? ) onions are a likely form other than molecular or elemental , in addition to small aromatic ##s or large molecules whose presence has been confirmed by the infrared emission spectrum of the observed interstellar radiation @ xcite . carbon onions have recently attracted attention as a new form of carbon , with the discovery of fullerens and their family . in astronomy , they are suggested to be formed by interstellar radiation @ xcite and the harsh conditions accompanying interstellar cloud that are responsible for the formation of onions @ xcite . they have been suggested as a likely source for the cosmic 220 nm extinction extinction @ xcite . the cosmic carbon cloud ( qcc ) , which has a feature similar to the interstellar 220 nm extinction @ xcite , has also been shown to contain graphitic shell structures @ xcite . it is not unexpected that the band structures of carbon onions , if exist , also appear in the infrared spectrum . in the same paper we simply discussed the possibility that the interband structure of graphite in the near - infrared could appear in the emissivity spectrum of particles composed of the graphitic shell and the observed irinterstellar feature at 65 @ xmath0 m may be accounted for by carbon onion grains . experimental work is definitely needed for further investigation . in the same paper we reported the existence of two far - infrared bands at 65 @ xmath0 m and 100 @ xmath0 m in the diffuse infrared emission . the 65 @ xmath0 m band can reasonably be attributed to the ca - rich silicate , diopside . if this prediction is correct , this is the first appearance of a large carbon feature in the infrared diffuse emission . the interstellar 65 @ xmath0 m feature seems to be broader and visible at longer wavelengths than the typical bands seen in evolved galaxies although the precise estimate of the spectral profile is difficult . as a possible dust source we investigate the possibility that the feature originates from carbon onion grains . while the observed feature may be accounted for by carbon onion grains if the observed optical properties are different , the structure of the feature is similar to the electronic structure of carbon onions . the origin of the observed 100 @ xmath0 m feature must be investigated for further experimental work . the authors thank k . kawara , t . satoh , s . tanab , t . okuda , h .tsuji , t . shibai , and other members of the japanese iso community for their continued encouragement and support . we also thank t . tomita and t . hayashi for stimulating research on the optical properties of molecules , and h . chihara and c . koike for showing us the far - reaching results of diopside and others . this award was funded in part by grant - in - aid for this project from the japan society of history of science ( jsps ) . 1982 , absorption and scattering of light by organic molecules ( new york : wiley ) chan , k . - t . , & onaka , t . 2000 , , 533 , l33 chihara , h . , koike , c . , & tsuchiyama , t . 2001 , , 242 , 243 clegg , m . , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l38 cohen , m . , barlow , m . j . , sylvester , m . j . , liu , j . - y . , lee , j . , lim , j . , schmitt , m . , & lee , j . s . 1999 , , 513 , l135 de graauw , j . , et al . 1996 , ,315 , l49 demyk , a . , jones , a . a . , dartois , m . , lucas , l . , & dhendecourt , m . 1999 , , 349 , 267 draine , b . t . , & kim , k . - k . 1984 , 285 , 290 draine , b . t . , & malhotra , m . 1993 , , 414 , 632 feinstein , a . 1995 , j . astrofis . , 1 , 1 gry , m . , et al . 2002 , iso 2000 ; part 2 : lws the long - wavelength band , version 2 . 0 ( esa ) henrard , l . , lucas , a . p . , & lambin , ph . 1993 , , 406 , 407 henrard , l . , lambin , ph . , & jones , a . a . 1997 , , 487 , 719 smith , j . a . 1983 , , 267 , 267 lucas , a . p . , tielens , j . l . a . m . , & hollenbach , a . a . 1996 , , 469 , 740 kemper , m . , jger , j . , lucas , a. e . a . m . , henning , a . , molster , f . j . , barlow , m . j . , lim , t . , & de koter , a . 2002 , , 415 , 295 kessler , m . a . , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l27 koike , t . , et al . 2000 , , 363 , 1115 mattila , a , lemke , a . , haikala , a . a . , laureijs , j . j . , muller , a . , lehtinen , a . , leinert , a . , & mezger , a . a . 1996 , , 315 , l353 mizutani , t . , onaka , t . , & shibai , a . 2002 , , 382 , 610 molinari , m . , ceccarelli , a . , rossi , m . a . , saraceno , a . , nisini , a . , giannini , a . , & caux , a . 1999 , , 521 , l71 molster , f . j . , lim , m . j . , sylvester , m . j . , barlow , m . ,. a . m . , barlow , m . j . , beintema , m . j . , cohen , m . , smith , m . , & schmitt , m . 2001 , , 372 , 222 molster , m . a . , smith , j . a . j . m . , & tielens , j . j . a . m . 2002 , , 382 , 222 murakami , t . , et al . 1996 , , 48 , l41 nuth , j . 1985 , , 318 , 166 okada , t . , onaka , t . , shibai , t . & lee , s . 2002 , , 143 onaka , t . , yamamura , t . , tanab , s . , roellig , m . a . , & yuen , t . 1996 , , 48 , l59 philipp , h . a . 1977 , , 56 , 2896 pichler , m . , knupfer , m . , smith , m . a . , smith , m . , & cabioch , b . 2001 , , 48 , 155415 sakata , t . , wada , t . , okutsu , t . , shintani ,m . , & nakada , t . 1983 , , 301 , 493 smith , j . r . , & sembach , j . a . 1996 , , 271 , 279 smith , d . m . , smith , d . , hyland , j . d . , & smith , j . r . 1994 , , 271 , 481 tomita , t . , sakurai , t . , ohta , t . , & hayashi , t . 2001 , , 114 , 7477 ugarte , d . 1992 , , 359 , 707 ugarte , d . 1995 , , 443 , l85 venghaus , m . 1977 , phys . 2 ( 1 ) , 1 , 221 wada , t . , kaito , t . , kitamura , t . , suzuki , t . , & tokunaga , t . s . 1999 , , 345 , 259 waelkens , j . , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l245 walborn , j . a . 1995 , ann . , 7 , issue ##9 , j . a . a . r . , et al . 1996 , , 315 , l361 suzuki , y . , & fuku##i , dec . 1992 , , 386 , 618