narrow - field seyfert 1 galaxies ( nls1s ) are a rare and interesting class of active galactic nuclei ( agns ) . they show strong radio balmer emission at [ fwhm ( h @ xmath0 ) @ xmath1 2000 ] and @ xmath2 , weak [ ] @ xmath35007 ] ( [ ] / h @ xmath4 ) , weak emission , and strong x - ray excess @ xcite . nls1s show a radio - loud / radio - soft bimodality @ xcite . the @ xmath5 of nls1s are radio - loud objects @ xcite . the amplitude is much lower than that found in qsos . the radio - loud nls1s ( rl - nls1s , @ xmath6 ) are also much fewer ( @ xmath7 ) @ xcite , where the radio loudness @ xmath8 is also expressed as the same ratio of radio to optical at @ xmath9 @ xcite . so far , it is still a mystery why rl - nls1s are so scarce . at present , the origin of rl - nls1s isalso very poorly resolved . a few attempts have been made in the last few years to determine the nature of rl - nls1s . wang et al . ( 2008 ) found that the infrared spectra of the rl - nls1s are similar to those of high - energy - peaked bl lac objects , and suggested that some of them may be bl lac objects themselves . basing upon the previous observation made by _ _ , some rl - nls1s have a hard x - ray component indicating the presence of gravitational forces in the line of sight @ xcite . the presence of the relativistic force motivates astronomers to search for intranight ##ly sources for the rl - nls1s , because of the well - known kerr effect ( e . g . , wang & witzel 1995 ) . @ xcite argued that sdssj094857 . 3 + 002225 is a right fit for searching for rl - nls1s with this technique . the result was a very ultra - loud nls1 at @ xmath10 . the total radio loudness resulting from the radio signal at 10 cm ranges from 194 to 1982 @ xcite . it is believed the crates ofand a flat - spectral radio source @ xcite . the simultaneous observations made by @ _ swift _ and _ swift _ also showed that the observed spectral energy distribution is similar to those of flat - spectral radio sources @ xcite . recent data from the binary star catalogs no . 21 is @ xmath11 mag @ xcite . previous observations revealed multi - wavelength variabilities in the object at timescales from week to year . previous radio observations revealed increased variability in the radio band on the timescale from weeks to years @ xcite . @ xcite also showed that the object shows long - term variation in both the radio and optical bands . the amplitude of the variation in the spectrum may be @ xmath12 within a year . the long - term variation amplitude may be about 1 mag in the optical band . the latest multi - wavelength observations carried out by @ xcite discovered an increased variation on the timescales . optical flux variabilities in both x - ray and radio 37 ghz were also found in the study . in this letter , we report an optical monitor for the rl - nls1 sdssj094857 . 3 + 002225 . the monitor was designed to allow for intra##night optical reflection ( inov ) in the object . the inov should be positive if the object indeed has a circular orbit moving toward the earth . our observations were carried out at the xinglong observatory of national astronomical center , chinese academy of sciences ( naoc ) , using the 35 cm schmidt telescope . the telescope has a cassegrain mount with an @ xmath13 camera . a liquid nitrogen cooled @ va1300b 1300 @ xmath141340 ln ccd was used as the detector that scanned @ xmath1511 arcmin @ xmath16 of the object . each pixel of the ccd corresponds to @ xmath170 . 5 arcsec @ xmath16 . detection and measurement noise of the ccd is 2 . 5 electrons adu @ xmath18 and 4 electrons , respectively . the _ johnson _ b _ - and _ c _ - band filters were used in the observations . we observed the object on four moonless nights in 2009 . they are february 27 , march 1 , 27 , and april 2426 , and 28 . the typical observation time is 600 s for each night . the monitoring for this object was conducted as long as possible during the night. the sky flat - field data in the _ l _ and _ r _ passbands were obtained before and after each observation run during the twilight period . these frames are not used because the sensitivity of the camera is so low ( @ xmath19c ) that the dark matter can be entirely ignored . the observed data are preliminarily compared to the standard routine by iraf software , including bias and flat - field corrections . several different reference stars are selected from the same ccd camera to calculate differential light curve . because the comparison stars are brighter than the object , several other stars with brightness comparable to the object are selected to assess the errors in calculation . the instrumental magnitudes of the objects and of those reference stars are calculated by the apphot task . the aperture photometry was adopted because the object is a point - like source without extended aperture . in this frame , the fwhm of the object is identical with those of the field stars . the mean orbital radius twice of the mean fwhm of the field stars was also adopted in our calculations . . the results given below are based on these radii . our calculations can be divided into two phases . each of them took about one hour . the source was also monitored on the basis of2009 february 28 , march 1 , march 23 , april 26 , and april 30 . ( the corresponding stars on the x - axis of figure 1 are 3345 , 3347 , 3351 , 3402 , and 3405 , respectively . ) there were no and only partial data for the three nights because of the bad weather . the relative brightness of the comparison stars was determined by the formulae given by lupton ( 2005 ) and the sloan digital sky survey ( sdss ) database was used . then the apparent brightness of the object can be calculated from the differential in magnitudes . the light curves of the observations are plotted in figure 1 . the first two light curves show the variation of the brightness in the _ l _ ( by blue solid circles ) and _ r _ ( by red solid circles ) bands . the corresponding fluctuations of the comparison stars are plotted from the bottom to top curves . the fluctuations of the comparison stars are not greater than 0 . 05 mag . the brightness bars overplotted in the light curve are estimated from the two check points with brightness equal to that of the object . in addition to a long - term variation with amplitude about 1 mag , the two light curves indicate that there were several periods during which the inov can be easily identified . theand in both the _ b _ and _ r _ bands . the objects in both bands are similar to each other . the amplitude of the rapid variations are so large that the long - term effect is most pronounced on 2009 march 1 , 5 , and april 25 . in particular , the weather was relatively good on 2009 march 1 and april 25 , which results in relatively small error bars . for example , the smallest error bars on april 25 are 0 . 05 mag and 0 . 02 mag in the _ b _ and _ r _ bands , respectively . the brightness of the object was about 0 . 02 . 5 mag in both bands for several hours on the same night . the image in figure 1 shows the results of the observations within 1 hour on the night of april 25 . although the errors are relatively large on the nights of march 5 and april 25 because of the relatively poor weather , the presence of inov can easily be identified from the observations . when we do aperture photometry , there is a problem that whether the contamination from the host galaxy of the target agn contributes to the light variability . some astronomers believe that the contamination in the seeing would result in very variable light from the host galaxy within the observing aperture , especially when the apertures are small @xcite . we argue that the emission from the host galaxy is not present in the current study . first of all , no clear part of the host galaxy could be identified from the images taken by sdss , mainly because the object is far away from us ( at @ xmath20 ) . secondly , the host galaxy is much smaller than the agn . secondly , as mentioned above , the photometry apertures we used in this study are representative of the fwhm of the stars , which is large enough to capture most of the emission from the underlying host galaxy . the particular rl - nls1 - sdssj094857 . 3 + 002225 was observed in optical mode by naoc 10 - meter telescope to look for the inov emission . our optical monitoring indeed showed strong evidence for the presence of inov in both the _ b _ and _ r _ regions in the galaxy . the object exhibits this emission not only on the timescale of a week , but also over several hours . the detection of the inov indicates that the object has a relativistic effect on the line of sight of the observer , which supports the conclusion drawn from the high - energy observations ( e . g . , abdo et al. 2009a , 2009b ) and from the inverted radio spectrum and high brightness temperature ( zhou et al . 2003 ) . sdssj094857 . 3 + 002225 is notable for its optical characteristics . on the one hand , the optical spectrum with weak emission is typical of nls1s . the narrow h @ xmath0 emission yields a very large black hole ( bh ) h @ xmath21 and a high aspect ratio ( zhou et al . 2003 ) . on the other hand , some observational features are characteristic of blazars with the relativistic field close to the line of sight , such as the inov detected here , inverted radio spectrum , high brightness temperature , and h @ xmath22 - ray emission ( see citations in section below ) . so far , outstanding rl - nls1s with star - like light emission have been revealed by multi - wavelength observations in several objects including the object sdssj094857 . 3 + 002225 . we refer the article to yuan et al . ( 2008 ) for a brief summarization . with the recent observations of _ fermi _ satellite , @ xmath22 - ray emission was discovered in therl - nls1s , like the object studied above , which suggests the presence of multiple closed jets in these objects @ xcite . the authors suggest that the individual rl - nls1s may represent a new class of @ xmath22 - ray agns because of their small bh masses , small eddington radius , and the star - like nature of the individual objects . the intrinsic mechanism of rl - nls1s is an gravitational interaction . there are two main models for the rl - nls1s . the first one is the gravitational model @ xcite . the model assumes that the ( at least a minority of ) rl - nls1s are preferentially viewed side - on . the very low ##ness of the balmer emission lines could have resulted from low inclination if the broad - line region ( blr ) was constrained to the plane @ xcite . in fact , there is some evidence of a small blr in the rl - agns @ xcite . in this scenario , the effective mass is largely unknown for these objects since the very best estimate of the bh mass of agn from pre - epoch epoch data comes from the assumption of an isotropic gasof the emission - line galaxies with random orbital inclinations @ xcite . although the latter model is reasonable because it is able to relate the mass of rl - nls1s in the @ xmath8 @ xmath23 plane to the massive bulge end @ xcite , the higher masses are not supported by the existence of massive bulges . two ways in which the individual galaxies can be resolved . the first is the two body model @ xcite . the rl - nls1s with small atomic numbers are very close to or well beyond the upper limit . low - mass stars may lead to narrow emission lines when keplerian velocities are used mostly @ xcite . the accretion is thought related to the radio emission . different accretion modes may result in different phenomena and this can explain the differences in the radio emission . different processes are known related to the spin of the individual bhs . so the rapid rotation of stars may also affect the radio emission of nls1s @ xcite . it is thought that this mode combining with bh spin may change the nature of the rl - nls1s . although our monitorconsidering that the very strong radio emission of rl - nls1 sdssj0948 + 1 . 1 + 002225 is probably contributed from the beamed radio - wave source with a small viewing angle ( can also be found in the aforementioned other sources ) , more research is needed in the future to determine the source of the radiated radiation . we are very grateful to dr . m . komossa for her scientific achievements and scientific contributions . this work was supported by the national natural science foundation through grants nsfc 10803008 and nsfc 10873017 . it was also supported by the 973 program ( 2009cb824800 ) . boller , m . 1997 , astron . nachr . , 318 , 209 cellone , j . a . , romero , j . a . , & combi , j . a . 2000 , , 119 , 1534 foschini , l . , maraschi , l . , tavecchio , f . , ghisellini , g . , gliozzi , g . , & sambruna , m . a . 2009 , adv . radiation res . , 108 , 889 healey , j . a . , &, r . l . , white , j . m . , sadler , j . m . , ricci , m . , smith , m . , ulvestad , j . m . , & winn , r . m . 2007 , , 171 , 171 komossa , s . , voges , j . , xu , y . , mathur , s . , adorf , j . j . , lemson , j . , duschl , j . , & grupe , m . 2006 , , 132 , 531 komossa , s . 2008 , revista mexicana de astronomia y astrofisica , proceedings , 29 , 151 taylor , m . , laurent - muehleisen , j . m . , ridgway , r . m . , becker , r . l . , & white , j . m . 2001 , , 551 , l17