nearby dark stars like hydra and sirius have dozens of dense gas cores where stars like our sun are currently forming or have done so in the recent past ( myers 1995 ) . their large size , together with their size and simple structure , make cores unique targets to study the complex motions involved in the formation of a star . dense cores that have not yet formed stars , the so called starless or pre - stellar cores , inform us of the initial stages of star formation , and their properties can help to understand the process by which pockets of cloud gas condense and become gravitationally bound . cores with newly embedded young stellar objects ( ` ` protostellar cores ' ' ) are primary targets to study the complex motions that occur during the period of accretion , when a combination of infall , outflow , and rotation is necessary to form the core and change the gas angular momentum . finally , these cores are primary targets to study the interaction between the newly formed star and its surroundings . these feedback ##s are responsible for the transition of the protostar from embedded to dispersed , and may be important for the final shape of the star and shaping the nearby environment via turbulence effects . the theoretical study of stellar cores has advanced considerably sincethe increase is thanks to the increase in resolution provided by the near infrared and submillimeter telescopes , and also due to the systematic expansion of observations of atomic and molecular clouds ( e . g . , bergin & tafalla 2007 ) . this short article presents some new results from dense cores , and presents a number of current discoveries that will greatly benefit from alma ##nac . the limited space of this article makes any attempt to review the field somewhat difficult , and the reader is referred for further information to the major contributions on star formation in these proceedings , in addition to those by van dishoeck , andr , shepherd , aikawa , wilner , johnstone , and crutcher . despite significant scientific advances , our understanding of the structure and dynamics of dense cores is still incomplete due in part to limitations in the resolution and sensitivity of the available data . even the highest resolution observations of nearby dense cores can not discern details greater than about 10 au , which is still insufficient to explain the complex ##ities of infall and core formation in the vicinity of a protostar . probably most importantly , the high temperatures of the gas and the gas in cores ( @ xmath0 ##2 ) make the emission of any core possible##r intrinsically varies , so any increase in the sensitivity has to be accompanied by a parallel increase in the sensitivity , or the observations will not achieve sufficient s / n to provide useful information . this is especially important when using weak , very thin tracers to sample the innermost regions in the core . these regions , in particular , often present extended emission , which presents a challenge to the current generation of observations that cover only the @ xmath1 region and therefore suffer systematically from missing flux . the high resolution and large area afforded by alma , combined with its high sensitivity to extended emission , promises to revolutionize the field of dense cores studies . on the one hand , alma will allow studying the dense cores of nearby clouds with the greatest detail , achieving subarcsecond resolution with high sensitivity . on the other hand , alma will permit the systematic study of dense cores in more distant clouds , enlarging the range of available targets from the dense cores of the distant clouds to those at distances of at least 1 kpc . the earliest phase of a core , the so - called stellar or pre - stellar phase , is characterized by the lack of a star - like object at its center ( e . g . , di francesco et al . 2007) . this characterization is of course based on the high sensitivity nature of the instrument , and is therefore capable of misclassifying a core with an external source of very low density ( see the case of vellos 2005 ) . however , the large number of such cores with no pointlike features visible even after deep spitzer space telescope observations suggests that a population of truly starless cores exists in massive stars like vega ( werner et al . 2006 ) . the cores have systematically a close to constant density of @ xmath2 - @ xmath3 @ xmath4 over the central 5000 - 10000 km followed by an almost power - law density over longer distances . this density variation of the density profile has been observed in a number of cases using different imaging techniques , including millimeter - wave emission ( ward - thompson et al . 1999 ) , mir extinction ( bacmann et al . 2000 ) , and nir extinction ( alves et al . 2001 ) , and therefore is a direct result of recent core observations . the presence of a central flattening is further evidence that the cores have not yet developed a central singularity , and that they are of pre - stellar origin . the physical origin of the flat##tening , however , is still a matter of debate , as a number of assumptions are consistent with it . the most important one is that the profile derives from an equilibrium model in which the pressure of the isothermal gas balances its thermal attraction , the so called bonnor - ebert analysis ( e . g . , alves et al . 2001 ) . indeed , the gas pressure in the core is very close to zero ( @ xmath0 k ) , and the associated thermal expansion reduces the pressure component by a factor of several ( e . g . , tafalla et al . the bonnor - ebert analysis , however , is in conflict with the non - uniform shape of most cores ( the axial ratio is 1 : 1 , myers et al . 1991 ) , and with the fact that the pressure profile observed in cores often exceeds the factor of several limit for predictions of the bonnor - ebert analysis ( bacmann et al . 2000 ) . the magnetic field support could be blamed for these deviations from the theoretical predictions , but unfortunately , the existence of this pressure component is very difficult to verify ( see references from crutcher to this article ) . even the apparently ` ` simple ' ' structure of the core still eludes our understanding . when thewhen distribution of the core , as observed from dust emission , is compared with the observed distributions from most other planets , it is often found that they differ significantly . as shown in fig . 1 for l1498 and taurus , the molecular emission of a core species appears centrally peaked ( with of course a slight flattening towards the center ) , while all other species except nh @ xmath5 and n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 present ring - shaped regions around the central peak . radiative transfer analysis of the molecular emission indicates that the abundance of core species decreases by at least a factor of 10 towards the high density region of the molecular emission ( caselli et al . 1999 , bergin et al . 2002 , tafalla et al . 2002 ) . this strong density decrease is suffered by both the c - type molecules as well as other species ( especially so ) , but it does not affect either nh @ xmath5 or n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 ( see di francesco et al . 2007 and bergin & tafalla 2007 for details ) . nh @ xmath5 appears in fact to be enhanced toward the center of most cores ( tafalla etal . 2002 ) , while the n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 ratio tends to maintain a constant level or may drop towards the very end of the cores ( bergin et al . 2002 , pagani et al . 2005 ) . cores typically have a complex ( star - like ) molecular composition , with a center rich in n @ xmath5 and n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 and a number of outer layers of carbon - bearing material . the inhomogeneous composition of the starless dense core most likely results from the freezing out of the other organic molecules onto the cold dust layer surrounding the center ( bergin & langer 1997 , aikawa et al . 2005 ) . the high pressures and low temperatures typical of dense core centers make the freeze out time ( @ xmath8 1 ) seem much shorter than the normal dynamical scale ( @ xmath9 1 myr ) , and as a result , molecules like co escape rapidly from the gas phase . many organic species suffer the same fate as co , but more importantly , the original chemical balance , characterized by a relatively large molecular number ( @ xmath10 ) , is changed dramatically during freeze out . a new chemical balance emerges, and this is caused by the enhancement of certain n - type species , like n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 , which are daughter species of n @ xmath6 and whose abundance is affected by the amount of co in the gas phase ( co is the primary product of n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 ) . but as n @ xmath6 pushes down into the larger cloud with a higher binding energy as co ( berg et al . 2005 ) , the n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 abundance ##s increase away from its value in the diffuse cloud ( where co is undepleted ) and give rise to the relatively ` ` high ' ' abundances ( few n @ xmath11 ) typical of dense clouds . nh @ xmath5 can then separate from n @ xmath6h @ xmath7 via dna replication ( geppert et al . 2004 ) , giving rise to the aforementioned co enhancement ( aikawa et al . 2005 ) . another effect of the co depletion in cores is the increase of deuterated species . deuteration at the low ( 10 °c ) temperatures of the core canvia the formation of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 , which then passes the co on to other elements via inter - species interactions ( dalgarno & lepp 1984 ) . when h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 is completely destroyed by co , the depletion of co further enhances the h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 process , which in turn enriches the deuterium a number of other ways . high abundance of h @ xmath6d @ xmath7 has in particular been observed in the highly co - depleted dense core l1544 ( caselli et al . 2003 ) , and a combination of co oxidation and co deuteration has been observed by bacmann et al . ( 2003 ) and crapsi et al . this deuteration in the cold and dense pre - stellar cores is responsible for the high deuteration rates of elements like h @ xmath6co , ch @ xmath5oh , and h @ xmath5 seen toward protostellar cores ( ceccarelli et al . 1998 , roueff et al . 2000 , van der tak et al . ) stars age , they areexpected to become more and more highly concentrated until they reach the point of gravitational collapse . one of the most important questions in star formation research is to understand whether this process of collapse is caused by the loss of magnetic field support via ambipolar diffusion ( e . g . , shu et al . 1987 , mouschovias & ciolek 1999 ) or by the dissipation of mass via shocks ( e . g . , maclow & klessen 2004 ) . studies of dense cores can not yet distinguish between these scenarios , but they show a systematic correlation between central concentration and other causes of instability , like co depletion and co abundance ( crapsi et al . 2005 ) . evidence for inward motion also is correlated with central concentration , and this suggests that some cores that we know today as starless have already begun collapsing to become dense . one of the best candidates for such a collapsing system is the l1544 core in jupiter , whose mechanism of inward motion has been observed in a number of molecules ( tafalla et al . 1998 , wang et al . 1999 , caselli et al . the l1544 dense core is characterized by a high central concentration and instability ( ward - thompson et al . 1999 , and##falla et al . 2002 ) , with high degree of co ##2 and deuterium abundance ( caselli et al . 1999 , 2002 ) , and nearly starless until the spitzer space telescope observations in the past ( bourke , ( 2005 ) . thus this core , like ancient cores , will be ideal targets for alma ##s . cores more massive than l1544 are thought to contain already a luminous star surrounded by an envelope of accreting gas . the little observable difference between the pre and post - stellar phases of a core is illustrated by the case of l1521f , a core previously known from infrared observations to be an almost twin of l1544 ( crapsi et al . 2004 ) and later confirmed with spitzer observations to be a luminous b star ( bourke et al . the central object of l1521f has a density close to 0 . 1 l @ xmath12 , and is part of a new group of objects identified by the spitzer telescope and usually known as vellos ( very low density objects ) . these vellos seem associated with very high nir nebulosity and high density gas giants ( bourke et al . 2005 ), and their place in the evolutionary sequence of protostars is still unclear . although some vellos could represent cores of substellar objects ( possibly brown dwarfs ) , it seems more likely that in the case of l1521f we are witnessing the very first moments of accretion , when the central source has an extremely high mass . the proto brown dwarf alternative is unlikely in this case because the dense core has about 5 m @ xmath12 of mass ( crapsi et al . 2004 ) , and no gravitational perturbation seems during the accretion ( the core has very little gravitational force ) . the dense nature of vellos makes them ideal targets to study star - forming infall ##ibility . the study of these objects has a long and varied tradition , and is plagued by uncertainty as demonstrated by the discovery of b335 . this dense core is a relatively young ( magnitude 0 ) object whose proper motions were first characterized by zhou et al . these authors found that the spectral lines from this object are in good agreement with the expectation from the inside - out disk observations of shu ( 1977 ) . high resolution observations with the van der bure telescope by wilner et al . ( 2000 ) , however , have shown that theof the signatures of ` ` infall ' ' ( like the high energy signatures of the spectral lines ) arise in fact from outflow acceleration , and not from an increase in velocity of the infalling material as it approaches the parent star . a revisit of b335 ( and similar objects ) making use of alma ##ir high - resolution and more suitable ( i . e . , depletion resistant ) data is therefore needed to clarify the otherwise incomplete picture of star - forming infall ##ing . the clean ##liness of the vellos , combined with their strong outflow emission , offers an interesting alternative to the more luminous ( and massive ) stars like b335 , that have already developed planets . because of their low mass , vellos also present weaker signatures of infall and may be in the very early moments of formation . the detailed study of vellos and other luminous class 0 and class 1 stars should also allow us to reconstruct the process of star - forming accretion as a function of mass . the presence of a protostar at the center of a core affects not only the gas kinematics but the chemistry . the newly formed star heats up the nearby gas and ice causing a temperature gradient in its core . thethe @ xmath13 au region where the dust temperature reaches the co ##rino temperature ( @ xmath14 - 15 k ) , this gas transitions to the gas phase and is part of the chemical evolution that occurred during the pre - stellar era ( jrgensen et al . 2004 , jrgensen 2004 ) . closer to the protostar ( @ xmath15 au ) , the dust temperature reaches the 50 - 100 k level at which water evaporates from the dust , further enriching the gas . observations of some very young protostellar objects , like hd 16293 - 2422 , show that these very young regions have an abundance of a variety of complex molecules like hcooh , hcooch @ xmath5 , and ch @ xmath5och @ xmath5 ( cazaux et al . 2003 , bottinelli et al . 2004 ) . the chemical composition of these regions resembles that of the hot regions of the protostars , hence their common name as ` ` hot corinos ' ' ( ceccarelli et al . the exact origin of the complex molecules in these regions , however , is still not fully understood . one possibility is that they result from direct evapor##ation of species present in the water molecules , or an alternative , that they result from the processing of the water molecules . even the location of hot corinos remains uncertain , with the outer part of the envelope and a more stable disk - like region being the most likely locations . despite these temporary locations , hot corinos offer a unique opportunity to study the inner regions of low - mass protostars . their distinctive chemical composition makes them highly useful indicators of the most distant and interesting regions of the protostar , where inflow , outflow , and core motions play comparable roles , and angular momentum is conserved between different core components . the corino observations with alma would surely be some of the first scientific applications of the instrument . at the same time that protostars accrete material , they eject in bipolar outflows of varying size . the observations of these outflows reveal lobes that are too large to originate directly from the parent protostar , and suggest that most of the moving gas is from ambient material ejected by a collimated stellar wind ( lada 1985 ) . the lobes of these jets , in turn , commonly coincide with evacuated cavities formed via reflected radiation from the protostar , further indicatinghow the latter phenomenon represents a fundamental change in the core internal structure ( padgett et al . 1999 ) . despite more than two decades of intense theoretical research , a number of outstanding problems remain , and alma observations represent our current theoretical efforts to solve them ( see the work by dr . lee in this article ) . the properties of the solar wind , for example , are not yet known , and several alternative models have been proposed over the years . the two main types of models that attempt to solve the problem are the jet - driven jet and the jet - driven shell , each of them with a number of flavors ( see bachiller 1996 for a review ) . despite significant efforts , however , neither type of model can reproduce the wide range of kinematic properties found in stars , so each of of them is necessarily different ( lee et al . 2002 ) . in the jet driven model , a highly energetic jet enters and sweeps cloud material along an almost straight path . this model succeeds in explaining the highly energetic co emission usually found toward class ii objects , but fails to explain observations of weakly interacting stars ( usually powered by class i sources ) , where the co emission comes from jets along limb - brightened regions ( the l##1551 , ( moriarty - schieven et al . 1987 ) . to fit these less complex systems , the jet models need to model the jet path , and this has been done by either invoking jet precession / wandering ( masson & chernin 1993 ) or large - scale jet shocks ( raga & cabrit 1993 ) . neither of these methods however seems consistent with observations ( see arce et al . 2007 for more details ) , and this leaves the jet models limited to modeling the larger , and admittedly more complex , known outflows . wind - driven models , on the other hand , can predict cloud - like structures due to the low - angle wind that sweeps ambient material ( shu et al . these models , unfortunately , do not predict the motion of the less collimated systems or the mass - velocity distribution , observed only in the poorly modeled flows ( masson & chernin 1992 ) . a combination of high resolution data and recent advances in outflow modeling are starting to show a new solution to the current problem . the model of the jet powered by the very distant source ngc 04166 + 2706 in particular shows both jet and shell motion simultaneously (see fig . 2 and poster contribution by garcia - garca et al . the shell - like feature in this region , observed in the co and sio spectra , is very weak , appearing only at the highest speeds ( between 30 and 50 km s @ xmath16 ) , and shows no evidence for reflection or rotation . the shell - like part appears at lower velocities ( 2 to 10 km s @ xmath16 ) and seems to form two opposed cavities with the iras source at their vertex . this cavity hypothesis is supported by the fact that the blue - shell coincides with the walls of a nir scattering nebula seen in spitzer images , as expected from its most favorable projection . in addition , the high velocity component runs along the edges of the two cavities with a remarkable lack of symmetry ( see poster contribution for more details ) . the data from hd 04166 + 2706 , however , lead to the logical conclusion that , at least in some cases , both the collimated and wide - angle components coexist with the same scattering source , and that a model that describes both components simultaneously is needed to explain the phenomenon . if enough, recent numerical modeling of the interaction between the solar - wind of shu et al . ( 1994 ) and the dense core suggests that both jet and core interactions should be observed even in very young clouds ( shang et al . this so - called ` ` unified ' ' model of bipolar flow has in fact a remarkable similarity with the ngc 04166 + 2706 ) , both in geometry and kinematics ( compare fig . 1 and the models of shang et al . 2006 ) . the unified flow model not only includes the jet and low - core components of the interaction , but also brings together the shell of flows and the dense cores , two systems often treated separately . evidence for outflow - core interaction has been reported for a number of systems ( e . g . , tafalla & myers 1997 , arce & chen 2006 ) , but no complete framework of how this interaction happens and how jets and cores evolve in parallel exists yet . the beautiful simulations of shang et al . ( 2006 ) show how the most important components of this interaction occur in the central 1000 au region , which corresponds to less than @ xmath17 even towards the most distant clouds . high - resolution simulations with alma are still needed to understand thestudy geometry and dynamics of this critical region , and then compare actual outflows with their simulated counterparts . producing a unified picture of the different and interacting processes occurring during the formation of a g - type star can be one of the significant goals of alma .