for more than 60 years it has been well known that the outer solar corona is heated to a temperature of about 12 million k while the inner corona of the sun is about 250 °c cooler ( grotrian 1939 ; edlen 1942 ; phillips , 1995 ) . it has been also recognized that magnetic fields and waves are a key rle in the heating of the solar corona so that somehow convective energy in the photosphere is converted to thermal energy in the corona via magnetic fields and wave propagation . the main energy source for this process would be in the convection zone of the inner photosphere ( e . g . bray et al . , 1991 ; golub & pasachoff 1998 ; aschwanden 2004 ) where there is 100 times as much energy available than that needed to heat the corona ( @ xmath0300w / m @ xmath1 : withbroe & noyes 1977 , aschwanden 2001 ) . however , the debate focuses on whether the energy to heat the corona derives from dissipation of magneto - mechanical ( mhd ) energy ( e . g . hollweg , 1981 ) or from numerous small - scale magnetic reconnection processes giving rise to nanoflares( parker , 1988 , aschwanden 2004 ) . it has been found theoretically that the interaction of the magnetic field with convective plasma in and below the surface can produce two types of magnetic heating in these regions . firstly , the buffeting of magnetic flux concentrations in the photosphere during convection produces mhd waves which can propagate into magnetic flux ##es and dissipate their energy in the plasma or corona ( e . g . ofman et al . 1998 ) . secondly , in these regions the random motion of magnetic loop foot - drops can cause bending and braiding of magnetic field lines , which generates field - aligned electric currents that can be dissipated resistively ( e . g . parker 1972 , 1983 ; heyvaerts & priest 1983 ; van ballegooijen 1990 ) . the main difference between these processes is that plasma inertia is a key rle in wave propagation , but is unimportant for the dynamics of field - aligned currents in magnetic loops . thus these types of magnetic heating mechanisms can be broadly classified as either micro - heating or nano - heating mechanisms . there are theoretical arguments for these classifications , but the experimental evidence for nano - magnetic heating is perhaps limited tohigher than 1 . analysis of the number density of solar flares down to microflares has been extended to nano - tens . the total energy , although tantalisingly close , is still far less than the required amount ( parnell et al . ) . experiments show that very high - frequency mhd waves ( @ xmath2hz ) are capable of generating energy ( e . g . williams et al . 1994 , aschwanden 2004 ) . these waves have been measured using the " fe green " line at 530 . 3 nm ( emitted by @ xmath3 k ) and the fe x red " line at 637 . 5 nm ( @ xmath4 k ) . observations of high - frequency thermal expansion of the solar structures have been made by pasachoff and colleagues ( green lines : pasachoff et al . , 1995 , 2000 , 2002 ) , by ruin and minarovjech ( green and red lines : ruin & minarovjech , 1991 , 1994 ) , by rudawy , phillips and colleagues ( green line , total eclipses , 1999 and 2001 ; phillips et al . , 2000 , phillips et al . , 2001 ; rudawy et al . , 2001; williams et al . , 2002 ; rudawy et al . , 2004 ) , and by singh et al . ( blue and red sky : singh et al . , 2009 ) . phillips and rudawy and their colleagues with their secis ( solar ##actic satellite imaging system ) ccd imaging instruments have achieved the highest time resolution up to now . the results of these measurements are often conflicting , with both positive and negative estimates of resolution ( e . g . pasachoff & phillips 1984 ; koutchmy et al . 1994 ; cowsik et al . 1999 ; williams et al . 2001 , 2002 ; rudawy et al . ) telescopes capable of making time resolution measurements have not been developed up to the present time , and using ground - based instruments is probably the best method of making such measurements ( aschwanden , 2004 , klimchuk , 2006 ) . in this article , we describe a set - up that will be used to look for high - resolution coronal oscillations . we shall be taking measurements with the mid - sized coronagraph ( belonging to the astronomical institute of polish academy of sciences in tatranska lomnica : lexa , 1963 ) at lomnicky peak observatory . observationswill be produced in the # ##rmi production line using the secis technology ( phillips et al . 2000 ) , now owned by the astronomical institute at the university of wrocaw , poland . the observational system of the lomnicky peak observatory consists of four main instrumental instruments : the 20 - cm lyot - type coronagraph , secis cameras ( two high - image - rate ccd cameras , two optical systems and a computer ) and a dedicated opto - mechanical link between the coronagraph and secis cameras . the lomnicky peak coronagraph ( lexa , 1963 ) , manufactured by carl zeiss jena , is located at the summit of lomnicky peak ( 2634 m altitude ) , allowing observation of the light of very bright visible - light emission lines out to a significant distance beyond the visible limb . the front part of the optical system consists of a single objective lens ( bk7 glass , @ xmath5 = 0 . 5 m , @ xmath6 = 17 . 0 m , @ xmath7200 mm , @ xmath83 mm ) and a second lens which extends the objective to a final clear aperture of 195 mm . the focal length of the objective for thelengths of the green line are 2975 and 2980 mm for the inner and outer light beams respectively . the central part of the optical system is an artificial moon ( the occulting disk ) which is a fat disk inclined with respect to the optical axis and reflects the solar disk light out of the coronagraph tube . the artificial moon is placed in front of the field lens in a position in the center of the lens , and can be changed to other positions with various settings . behind the field lens there is a well - arranged triple lens in order to correct , at least partially , the errors of the secondary lens and to correct the difraction image of the primary lens . lyot s stop . lyot s stop lies between the second and the third axis of the lens and focuses the reflected light away from the primary diaphragm . a special feature of the optical system is a four - lens imaging objective of 9 cm diameter . the combined action of both objectives creates the final image of the image with resolution @ xmath9 mm . the coronagraph is equipped with a special optical automatic guider . it detects offsets of the actual image using two photodiode pairs in an anti - parallel arrangement ( closed- # ##ing applied to the drives . this precisely stabilizes the relative position of the occulting particles against the solar disk , ensuring accurate position of the field of view . the two secis cameras are connected to the lomnicky peak coronagraph by a single , special opto - optical interface . the camera set - up is shown below in fig . 1 , with fig . 2 showing the components of the combined image - source box . the coronal image produced by the coronagraph is to the right in fig . 2 , at the focus of the objective lens ( marked l300 / 82 in fig . 1 : aperture and focal length are d = 82 mm , f = 100 mm ) . this lens forms a parallel light - beam which then passes to a beam splitter ( bspl , " f = 100 mm ) . the parallel light from the beam splitter then passes through a wide - band and narrow band filter , ( marked ab / wb filter " in the figure ) , is reflected back from a parallel filter ( m3 ) , and finally is reflected to a focus corresponding to the ccd image ( " ccd wl " ) of an achromatic lens ( l120 / 50 ) . the parallel beam produced bythe electron beam is reflected by a flat mirror ( m1 ) , passes a narrow - angle fexiv 530 . 3 nm interference filter ( fe5303 " ) , is reflected by a second flat mirror ( m2 ) , and returns to a mirror parallel to the ccd chip ( " ccd fe5303 " ) and the acromatic filter ( l120 / 50 ) . fig . 1 shows the optical pattern for the configuration . in this figure , an on - axis pattern of rays is represented by thin lines . the thin lines are rays from one side of the coronagraph image . the angle between them ( greatly reduced in the diagram ) is no more than about 0 . 5 degrees . with such a small angle , a negligible wavelength shift is produced by the interference filter ( fe5303 ) . the optical interface was designed taking into account the actual optical parameters of the lomnicky peak coronagraph and the desired spatial scale of the image on the ccd chip . it was optimized to eliminate optical vignetting ( to make entire fields of view as small as possible ) and to limit geometric or mechanical complexity of the interface . in order to minimize the computational cost of the interface , all geometric and mechanicalelements as well as adjustable lens elements and general - purpose stock elements , taken from the melles griot ##s catalogue . the beam filter ( bspl ) sends about 10 % of the light to the wide - band channel , transmitting the remaining portion to the narrow - band ( green - light ) channel . the narrow - band channel was selected to be centred on the green line wavelength , having a larger range of wavelengths ( visible wavelength 530 . 0 nm , bandpass fwhm 10 nm ) . a neutral - density filter ( nd ) for the green - light output channel was selected to allow equal exposure times in the narrow - band and wide - band channels . final images from both channels are captured by lenses with the same focal length , but on the same spatial axes . the entire optical system is mounted in a rigid box attached to a rear plate of the coronagraph . a light - proof black plastic box acting as a rigid optical frame for the optical system was designed by the staff of the optical institute of the university of wrocaw ( fig . 2 ) . the optical system was designed and pre - assembled in the box ; apart from focusing of the system , no further special arrangements of the optical components were needed in the telescope ( fig . 3 ) .three narrow - band filters with passbands around the fexiv 530 . 5 nm spectral line are available ( two made by barr associates , inc . , and one by andover corporation ) . these filters have fwhm passbands of @ xmath10 , and wavelengths of 50 nm . the filter used for use in the cooling system is combined with a heating device to maintain the required temperature under normal ambient conditions . the secis instrument was developed , tested , and operated between 1997 and 1999 as a british government collaboration to search for short - term coronal solar activity . it was used with great success during the solar eclipse seen from india in 1999 , from australia in 2001 ( see phillips et al . , 2000 ; phillips et al . , 2001 ; williams et al . , 2002 ; rudawy et al . , 2004 ) , and most recently from libya in 2006 . the ccd cameras ( manufactured by eev , chelmsford , u . k . ) are high - resolution cameras designed specifically for scientific and machine vision applications . the image sensor is a monochrome 512 @ xmath11512 full - color ccd . this device is square ( 15 @ xmath12 ##32 @ xmat##h13 m ) pixels , and can be used at a non - interlaced frame rate up to 70 frames per second . the cameras digitise the signal from the ccd to nominally 12 bits and have a maximum dynamic range of about 1000 : 1 . the camera electronics operate the cameras in " asynchronous " mode , where a single signal from the camera electronics causes one of the cameras to capture an image at a specific moment and with a precise exposure time . this feature allows the two cameras to capture perfectly synchronised images . the images are captured and stored on a personal computer . the computer software captures the synchronised raw video streams from the two ccd cameras and reconstitutes the video images , analyzing them for more detailed analysis . the computer has dual pentium processors , 128 megabytes of memory , and four 1 gb hard drives . it is able to run a set of observations consisting of up to about 10000 images for each camera . the image processing software allows the selection of the images , and the cropping to sub - regions and regions of interest . these images can then be exported to files in fits format . more detailed details about secis and its first scientific application were described by phillips et al . ( 2000) . since 2003 secis has also been used for making high - resolution spectral observations of solar activity in the profile of the h - @ xmath14 ( 656 . 3 mhz ) line of the multi - spectral - double slit ( msdp ) imaging - telescope ( mein , 1977 and 1991 ) and large coronagraph ( with 530 mm main objective ) and horizontal telescope ( with 150 mm main objective ) installed at biakow observatory ( astronomical institute of the university of wrocaw ) ( radziszewski et al . , 2006 , 2007a , 2007b , 2008 ) . preliminary tests of the filter system were performed in april 2009 , but the lack of solar activity at that time meant that no prominent cloud structures were observed . the filters manufactured by barr ##a , inc . , have 1 mm thick glass and a half - wave frequency specification . they are coated with heat - assist refractory material ##s that help reduce the wavelength shift with ambient temperature and filter longevity and provide higher transmittance . to investigate the improvements since their first use during the 2006 eclipse , the filter passband widths and peak frequencies were tested for their performance in off - solar light and a small spectrograph with a disper##sion of 0 . 9nm / s connected directly to the coronagraph ( minarovjech , 2009 ) . examples of the mean filter - temperature measurements taken with and without the pass - ##band filter are shown in fig . 4 . the results show that the samples had to be heated to a fairly high temperature ( 4550 degrees celsius ) in order to match the filter passband to the green - line wavelength . the dependence of the filter passband temperature on the filter temperature is displayed in fig . 5 . here , the filter passband transmission , the width ( fwhm ) of its passband , and the central wavelength averaged over the width ( 7 . 5 mm ) of the spectrograph slit are measured as a function of filter temperature ; these are represented by the thick lines in fig . 5 . these measurements show that the typical temperature sensitivity of the filter is @ xmath010 % , and that the fwhm of the passband is about 0 . 31 % for the filter temperature resulting in the filter central wavelength to match the green line wavelength . by taking line lengths of 0 . 8 mm at nine points on the spectrograph slit ( which is aligned with the vertical axis of the filter ) , we can measure the frequency ofthe same quantities as a function of radial gradient over the channel ; these are the thin channels shown in fig . 5 . there is a strong dependence on brightness of these two channels to the averaged values . the mean passband transmission varies by up to about 10 % from the mean value , the passband of transmission by up to 0 . 02 nm , and the passband width by up to only 5 % . the background is very uniform apart from the outlying regions . test images were taken in both the broad - band and narrow - band channels . with solar activity at an extremely low level , no coronal features were observed in the spectral line at that time ( 2009 / 7 , 06 : 40 ut ) . the tests were nevertheless successful in that the optical and photometric quality of the data could be examined . examples of snapshots selected from the data from both channels are shown in figs . 6 and 7 . inspection of the images showed that the image quality was very good . moreover , the uniform character of the radial gradients illustrates the very poor spectral quality of the narrow - band channels . the total solar background light from the coronagraph and all the optical parts of secis was found to be sufficiently low to enable the proper data acquisition . this means that the instrument itselfis ready to measure prominent active solar light sources above the lunar surface when they are " coronal " skies , i . e . with low levels of light scatter by the upper atmosphere . more detailed inspection of the images ( fig . 8 and 9 ) shows that the noise level is low . the photon noise level in the narrow - band channel in the portion of the corona captured by the galileo camera was found to be at a very low level , at 8 dn s @ xmath15 , only slightly more than the then current level of 23 dn s @ xmath15 . the bright coronal active region is expected to have a high signal - to - noise ratio , though experience from the 1999 and 2001 observations with the secis instrument shows that the cameras are very unlikely to reach saturation levels . the secis camera installed at the lomnicky peak observatory lyot coronagraph may allow data to be collected that may result in an improved understanding of where in the corona mhd waves are generated and / or dissipated . in addition , the signatures of high - frequency mhd waves involved in coronal activity may be observed . a significant improvement in our understanding of the long - standing nature of solar physics could be achieved by the use, with implications for the understanding of active regions , flares , the solar wind , and solar radiation , as well as aspects of solar - terrestrial interactions . we asked the international referee for help which helped to publish the paper . the work of j . a . and j . r . was supported financially by the slovak research and development organization under the contract no . apvv - 0066 - 06 which also covers all activities related to the secis project at the lomnicky astronomical observatory ( slovakia ) . they were obliged for the help of the astronomical committee , slovak academy of sciences , , namely assistants m . mank , m . maura , p . havrila , p . bendk , and the workshop assistant j . r . p . r . was supported by the polish ministry of science and higher education , project number n203 022 31 / 2991 . this research has made use of nasa satellite astrophysics data sets .