photoemission which measures the energy levels of electron - excited states when materials are irradiated with light @ xcite ( etc . ) is widely used in solid state physics and chemistry for studying the electronic structure of surface , interface and bulk materials @ xcite . recently it has become a prime choice of technique in studying strongly correlated electron systems @ xcite , such as high temperature superconductors @ xcite . the availability of synchrotron light sources and lasers , together with the latest advancement of the energy spectrum , has brought a significant improvement on the energy resolution of the technique in the last decade ; an energy resolution of @ xmath0 5mev or higher can now be easily obtained . these achievements have made it possible to probe the properties of small and many - body systems @ xcite . for example , measurements of the superconducting state on the order of 10 mev , as in some superconductors @ xcite and in some high temperature superconductors @ xcite , have been demonstrated . on the other hand , the utilization of other light sources , such as synchrotron light or semiconductor lasers , has also brought about concerns of the space charge effect @ xcite . when a large number of electronsare emitted from a single pulsed source and at the sample surface , the electrons will first experience a different spatial distribution depending on their own energy . then , because of the mutual interaction , the fast electrons tend to be accelerated by the electrons behind them while the slow electrons tend to be retarded by those behind them . this energy redistribution can alter the intrinsic energy contained in the sample photoelectrons , giving rise to two types of effects . one is a # ##ization of the energy distribution , due to both acceleration and drift of electrons along their path . the other is a systematic shift in the energy . the space charge broadening of the energy distribution has been known for a long time as a limiting factor in electron monochromators and other electron beam techniques @ xcite , but it has not been proposed for use until very recently @ xcite . the main concern there was whether such an effect will set an immediate goal on significantly improving the energy resolution of the beam technique @ xcite . here we report the first experimental observation of the space charge effect in nature . in addition , by combining experimental measurement with numerical simulations , we find that the mirror charges ( also known as space charges in the literature ) in the samplethey play an important role in the energy shift and resolution . the combined effect of these coulomb interactions gives an energy shift and resolution on the order of 10 mev for a typical third - generation synchrotron light source , which is already equal or larger than the energy shift provided by the light source and the electron beam . the effect is also comparable to the many - body effect actively pursued in modern physics experiments . these effects , however , should be taken seriously in interpreting the data and in designing next generation experiments . the experiment is carried out on beamline 10 . 0 . 1 at the advanced light source . this is a third - generation synchrotron source which generates ultraviolet light with a frequency of 500 mhz and a resolution of @ xmath060 ##0 . the beamline will generate linearly - polarized near ultraviolet light with a photon energy on the order of 10 @ xmath1 photons / s with a photon power e / @ xmath2e of 10 , 000 ( e is the photon energy and @ xmath2e the beamline energy resolution ) . the endstation is equipped with a high resolution scienta 2002 analyzer . the analyzer , together with the chamber , is a##atable with respect to the field while the sample normal is fixed . the measurement geometry is shown in the upright inset of fig . 1 . there are two angles to measure the number of electrons entering the analyzer with respect to the sample normal : rotation angle @ xmath3 and analyzer rotation angle @ xmath4 . we measured the sample normal to quantitatively measure the number of electrons entering from the sample which is proportional to the photon energy . with the pulse frequency of 500mhz at the als , the na of the electric current corresponds to 12 . 5 ev per pulse . 2a . a typical experimental measurement of pure gold , with a photon energy of 20 ev . it consists of a fermi edge , ( near @ xmath5 ) near @ xmath030 ev , a band between 20 @ xmath030ev and a secondary electron band proportional to the photon energy resulting from the inelastic scattering . we decided to focus on this because the single fermi edge at all energies ( @ xmath020 ##ev for all the samples in the paper ) is a useful measure of both the energy level and width ( fig . the fermi edge is fitted by the fermi - dir##ac function , _ _ _ ( x ) = 0 / @ xmath6 , at zero temperature convoluted with a gaussian with a full - width - and - half - maximum ( fwhm ) @ xmath7 . this function @ xmath7 includes all the functions from optical resolution , analyzer resolution , beamline resolution and others . in laboratory experiments , it is a common procedure to use fermi level of a metal ( such as gold ) as the standard reference point for the sample under study because the two levels are expected to match up with each other when the metal and the sample are in good electrical equilibrium . the molecular level of the metal is therefore expected to be dependent only on the electron energy and not on other physical parameters , such as sample current , photon flux etc . it was also quite interesting when we first found out that the gold molecular edge shifts strongly with incident photon intensity ( fig . a systematic analysis shows that , in many measurement geometries , the fermi level varies strongly with the sample current and the shift can be as high as @ xmath020mev in the photon flux range ) ( fig . note that the molecular level energy gets higher with increasingphoton flux . this rules out the possibility of local heating that usually occurs due to the thermal expansion of the sample . in that case , the sample level energy would be pushed up with the photon flux . we can also rule out the possibility of the local sample heating due to high photon flux because temperature change causes the sample level broadening and will not affect the fermi level shift . as we see , for a photon flux of @ xmath010 @ xmath8 m / second at a photon power of 1 mm , the corresponding energy is @ xmath00 . 056 mw . the temperature increase with such a large power , spread over an area of 1 mm @ xmath9 , is negligible so it probably has no effect on the thermal broadening of the beam edge . the first thing to check is whether this fermi level shift with photon flux is due to instrumental heating , which can come from either the beamline or the electron analyzer . at the beamline , the photon flux is usually varied by adjusting the size of the beamline slits . this can affect the beamline spatial resolution correspondingly and may possibly even cause energy position change . to check whether this is the case , we use a small block##er changes the beamline ( fig . 1 ) so that we can change the electron flux while keeping the photon flux and resolution intact . using the photon edge , we observe a similar variation of the fermi level with the ##s ( fig . 3a ) , thus ruling out the possibility of beamline interference . we then put an electron edge ( fig . 1 ) to measure the number of electrons collected by the sample . when the electron flux entering the sample is fixed , the energy level shows little variation with the number of electrons in the analyzer ( ) . this indicates that the energy shift we have observed is not related to problems of the electron analyzer either . therefore , the observed energy shift must be associated with the measurement process itself . in addition to the observed energy shift , there is also an energy shift associated with the photon flux . to avoid such an effect , we have to compromise the beamline energy level in the way that it has a relatively high photon flux to avoid the obvious broadening effect , and a relatively high energy resolution ( @ xmath010mev ) in order to resolve the additional broadening from all other contributions . the latter is made possible by taking the advantage of the photon edge to fix themeasured from the beamline . the total width increases with increasing photon flux ( inset of fig . 3 ) . considering the temperature , the maximum photon flux is calculated from all the measured data from the beamline , the pressure and the temperature data , the scattering - induced energy shift can be extracted by deconvolution . as seen from fig . 4 , it varies with the photon flux with a slope comparable to but slightly larger than the energy shift . we have found that the beam edge expansion and broadening are sensitive to the spot size of the beam on the sample ( fig . the spot size is changed by varying the horizontal focus of the beamline ; the horizontal beamsize is ) . it is obtained using the transmission mode of the analyzer , not by using samples with known sizes . as seen from fig . 5a , as the spot size increases , the energy shift becomes less sensitive to the change of photon flux , as is seen from the slope change as a function of the spot size ( fig . 6 ) . for comparison , 6 ##b includes the simulated data from a large range of spot sizes . although the data of energy shift ( fig . 5b ) is obtained as a result of deconvolution from therelatively large background value , the trend is such that the width gets smaller with increasing spot angle . thus , for a given beam size , the magnitude of the beam broadening is comparable to but much smaller than the background energy level . the fermi level shift and broadening are both sensitive to the photon emission angle . we placed the same sample at different tilt angles and measured the energy level position and width as a function of the analyzer angle under various photon flux . as shown in fig . 7 , the fermi level width has a large correlation with the spot angle , especially at high photon flux . the fermi level is higher near the analyzer angle and decreases with increasing analyzer angle . when the analyzer angle is close to 90 degrees , the curves with different sample tilt angles and with different sample current tend to approach to a similar position within the measurement error . the overall measured energy level width basically follows the direction of the energy shift : it becomes smaller with increasing analyzer angle . we also notice that the curves are not symmetrical with respect to the sample spot angle . since the surface of the sample that we used is not perfectly flat , one possible explanation is that the exact value may be slightly off from the nominal value . thepossibility of the presence of a large systematic error . as indicated from fig . 8 , when the sample current is low ( low na ) , one can still observe energy level shift with the analyzer angle which may be due to the systematic error associated with the experimental setup . to gain more insight on the angle involved , we will consider the energy shift and broadening as a function of the sample current at different reference angles ( fig . 8a and b ) . it is interesting to note that , while for small analyzer angles , the energy shift is proportional to the sample current , as we have seen before , it deviates significantly from the straight line for large angles . in this case , the energy shift follows this relation as for small sample current . when the sample current gets smaller , it goes through a decrease , and then gets larger again , with an increase of the sample current . one may expect that at zero sample current the energy shifts approach zero so that the curves should converge at the zero sample current , as indeed shown by the figure in right . ( the small fermi level shift at zero sample current may be due to the systematic error as mentioned before ) . this implies that , for large analyzer angles , the energy shift may be even larger at somesample current . replacing the low sample current part of the curve in figs . 8a and 9 with a straight line , we extracted their slopes and plotted them in fig . 8c for different relative tilt angles . the shape of the curve is similar to that in fig . the high sample current part corresponds with the other . when extrapolated to 180 degrees the fermi energy shift is approaching , which is also consistent with the converging of the fermi energy along the tilt angle as seen in fig . 8 . to further investigate the effect of the angle - dependent energy shift and broadening , we use the # ##ium spectra at different tilt angles ( ) . the intensity of these spectra are normalized to the photon energy so they are comparable with each other . the shape of the valence band shows no obvious change with the analyzer angle , but their relative intensity changes dramatically . for a good result , we calculate the spectral weight over a large energy range ( 5 @ xmath035 * ) and the result is shown in the inset of fig . 9 . integration over a smaller energy window such as 5 @ xmath035 gives essentially the same result . we have found that the angular component of the relative valence band isand the energy distribution effect ) . ( inset of fig . this indicates that the angle dependence of the fermi level is directly related to the angle - dependence of the number of photo - induced pulses . it is known that the space charge effect depends on a number of parameters @ xcite : ( 1 ) . the number of electrons per pulse ; ( 2 ) . the pulse length ; ( 3 ) . the size and shape of the pulse area ; and ( 4 ) . the energy distribution of the pulse . we have performed several simulations using the monte carlo - based method developed for @ xcite in order to further understand our results . this serves first to check whether the electron level shift and decay can be directly attributed to the space charge effect . this then helps to understand the physical processes associated with it , such as the time scale of the pulse . finally , it can be extended to investigate situations that are impossible or not suitable for the experiments , such as the effect of the pulse energy distribution , the effect of the pulse length , and the effect of a continuous pulse , as we will discuss below . in the simulation , a specified number of electrons ( 1 - 100000 ) ( denoted as free electrons , ) are started at random positions .the specified source area , at specified times during the pulse , and with specified energy with some specified distribution . because the acceptance angle of the electron beam source is small , the electrons for which the energy distribution and broadening are to be calculated ( known as test electrons . ) are accelerated in the forward direction with a specified peak energy and with a random distribution of start distance and energy . this distribution corresponds to the relative geometry of the acceptance angle @ xmath4 = 0 and the sample source angle @ xmath3 = 0 . each test electron is assumed to feel the coulomb force from all other electrons within some cut - off distance . the interaction electrons are assumed to move in straight lines determined by their initial conditions , i . e . all mutual interactions between them are zero . this is legitimate because their position distributions are very small and random . the energy distribution of a single test electron is followed until all other electrons have vanished outside the cut - off distance . then , the process is repeated with a new set of test electrons and a new test electron . this process is repeated a few more times , after which the energy distribution of the test electrons is calculated . for the accuracy of the integration to be of the desired order of magnitude , the relative uncertainty, the cut - off distance has to be at least 1 mm , and for most calculations it is chosen to be 10 mm . the energy distribution can usually be accurately estimated by the pulse , although the number of electrons which experience very small shifts is significantly larger than for the gaussian pulse . the extreme outliers are neglected when calculating the energy of the pulse . the electrons in the pulse will experience coulomb interaction from all the other electrons at all energies , including the total number of high - energy free electrons ( fig . to show the effect of the pulse energy distribution on the electrons at the fermi level , we divided the energy range of e @ xmath5 into a number of regions , and modeled the contribution from each individual region . the simulated energy distribution and contribution from the electron - charge distribution are plotted in figs . 10a and 10b , respectively . the energy shift exhibits a strictly linear relation with the number of electrons in the pulse and the slope as a function of the electron kinetic energy is shown in fig . 10 . on the other hand , the energy broadening exhibits a strictly linear relation only at large number of electrons ; at small number of electrons it shows a bend . clearly all electrons contribute to the fermi level .shift and broadening but they contribute differently : the high - energy electrons contribute more than the low - energy ones ( fig . in fact , an electron at a distance _ z _ in front of a conducting metal surface will always experience an attractive force : ( z ) = - e @ xmath9 @ xmath10 ( 2z ) @ xmath9 , identical to that produced by a positive ( mirror image ) electron at a distance _ z _ inside the sample @ xcite . the basic assumption of the mirror charge concept is that the electrons on the metal surface align themselves in such a way that the sample is always an equipotential surface . whether this assumption is correct on the time scale described here may be dependent , e . g . , on the properties of the material . in this model , each interaction electron is represented by a mirror charge inside the sample ( inset of fig . 12a ) , which then interact with the test electron . the interaction of the test electron with its own mirror charge is not included , because it is always present . in the earlier simulation @ xcite , the mirror charge could be excluded when only considering the effects caused by interaction electrons with energies equal to that of the test electron. for the case when the test electron has higher energy than the interaction electrons , this is no longer true , in cases when the energy shifts are not known . fig . 12a and 12b show the energy shift and decay for different energy ranges by incorporating both the space and mirror charge effects . the energy shift has a linear variation with the number of test electrons per pulse and the slope is plotted in fig . the contribution from the space charge effect can be easily calculated . apparently the mirror charge gives rise to a negative energy shift with increasing number of electrons per pulse . this helps in calculating the positive energy shift from the space charge effect . the negative effect on the energy broadening is more complicated . for the highest energy range of the test electrons ( 20 - 30 ev ) , the combined broadening ( fig . 12b ) is larger than that from the space charge effect . ( fig . ) for the lowest energy range of the interaction electrons , it is smaller than that from the space charge effect . we have shown that the energy shift and broadening occur at very short time scales . as seen from fig . 12 , the energy shift evolves gradually within the first pulse . the energy shift , on the other hand , has already reached itsequilibrium occurs at 100 ps , caused by periodic fluctuations . this is because the energy shift takes place only after the electrons have all sorted themselves according to their energy ; after that the electrons are all acting in the same direction . we also note that in this interaction electron and its neighbors can form a very short pulse , from which the field decreases rapidly with time . the broadening , on the other hand , is much more of a nearest - neighbor effect , which is strongest when the pulse is dense . detailed analysis of the energy evolution for individual electrons shows that the # ##ness of the energy change is often caused by one single interaction , i . e . , a single interaction with another electron . since the energy shift tends to grow at a time that is proportional to the interval between pulses , we have also wondered whether it will be dominated by the slow electrons from the previous interaction : we have concluded that this contribution is completely insignificant . since a non - continuous light source , such as fluorescent lamps , is widely used as a lab source for spectroscopy , it is difficult to check whether these effects will exist in that case . for a continuous light source , because there will be no spatial redistribution of the electrons according to their energy , one might expect the contribution to the energyand from the space charge to be equal to zero , and the mirror charge will give a negative shift . the effect can be considered to be of the same order of magnitude as that from a continuous source with the same number of electrons per unit time . to simulate a continuous source , we can start with a pulsed source , varying the pulse length while keeping the number of electrons per unit time constant , and try to change to pulse length to simulate a continuous source . we have considered a special case of helium i radiation ( peak frequency 21 . 12ev ) in polycrystalline crystal , and estimated the sample current during the pulse from 0 . 5 to 50 ev / ps . 14 shows the energy shift and current for all sample currents as a function of the pulse length . when scaled against the sample current , all energy shift values agree with each other because the shift is proportional to the current for all pulse lengths ( ) . the energy shift shows non - linear dependence with the pulse length , owing to the competition between the direct space charges and mirror charges . when the pulse length is short , the space charge dominates which causes positive energy shift . when the pulse length is long enough , the contribution from mirror charges dominates which leads to a negative energy shift . eventuallyit never reaches the value that would be expected for a pulse source . the shift is - 0 . 7mev for 1 . 5 @ xmath11 @ xmath1 electrons / second and can get larger when the electron flux is larger . the energy change ( fig . 14b ) , on the other hand , does not scale with the sample current , particularly with the pulse length . it also exhibits a non - monotonic relationship with the pulse length , reaching a value of 10 @ xmath12 ps and it decreases with further increases of the pulse length . if we assume an asymptotic behavior of the drop , the shift for the pulse source is close to 1 mev for a sample current of 1 . 5 @ xmath1310 @ xmath1 electrons / second . as we have seen from both the experimental data and the simulation , the energy increase and decrease depends on many factors , such as the number of electrons per pulse , the pulse length , the spot size on the surface , the emission angle of electrons and the photon energy level . moreover , it is electron - specific . this is possible because it depends on the shape of the valence band , i . e , the energy band ofphotoelectrons . seocnd , for metals and insulators , the distribution of mirror charge may vary significantly . with so many variables coming into play simultaneously , it is hard to gather all the information and a proper approach to take is to experiment or simulate for each individual sample . as shown in fig . 4 and 5 , the measured energy shift is proportional to the sample current and the curve is approximately circular at higher sample current and shows a bend at lower sample current . generally speaking , these observations are consistent with the simulated results from either the space charge effect ( fig . 5 ) or combined space and mirror charge effects ( fig . 12 ) . after obtaining the values for each individual energy shift from the space charge effect ( fig . 10 ) , we calculated the measured energy shift from the measured valence band ( fig . 2a ) as a weighted sum of the values from the different energy ranges . we then used a model where the energy distribution is approximated by a rectangular distribution corresponding to the valence band and a circular distribution of the secondary band ; the simulation results are similar . it was found that the value for the energy shift obtained from the mirror charge effect alone is much higher than that obtained from simulation . for example , for the spot -of 0 . 43mm @ xmath130 . # ##3 , the measured energy shift is 0 . 175 mev / na , much lower than the measured 0 . 055 mev / na . the energy difference indicates that the space charge effect alone does not account for the measured energy shift . this prompted us to consider the mirror charge effect that should be considered for metals such as gold . after combining both effects ( fig . 5 ) , the measured energy shift becomes quantitatively consistent with the experiment , as seen in fig . 6 , for different spot sizes . considering that there are no other parameters in the simulation , this level of agreement is striking . this means that we have identified the main contribution to the energy shift effect . the direct comparison of the measurement and the simulation has seen us able to identify the space charge effect that was not included before @ xcite . for the size dependence ( fig . 6 ) , we know that the size of the spot on the sample relative to the distance an electron travels during the experiment is important . depending on the size ratio , the space charge effect will have different effects on the spot size . if the light intensity is much greater than the actual travelling distance ( for an ev ) , the travelling distance is @ xmat##h00 . 0 ( within 10 seconds ) , the distribution of electron spatial distribution is basically flat . the space filling effect is assumed to be proportional to the number of electrons / spots . when the spot size gets larger , one will get much smaller edge effects , because electrons that go into the spot will not be absorbed by electrons coming from the outside . in the limit where the spot is very small , the spatial distribution of electrons is a half - sphere . the average distance between electrons may be determined by their time , rather than by the distance between the spots where they meet . so in that case , the effect may be independent of the spot size . on the other hand , there are cases where the simulation differs from measurements . we found that the average broadening is larger than the values obtained from the simulation . as shown in fig . 3 , from the simulation , the effect is smaller than the shift whereas from the measurement ( fig . 4 and 5 ) , the broadening is equal or slightly larger than the shift . the reason for this discrepancy is not known yet and probably more sophisticated methods are needed to address the problem . we note the effect may be larger than the shift when the energy of the interaction electrons is close to that ofthe test electron ( energy = 25 @ xmath030 ##0 , fig . 12b ) which is probably due to the longer electron interaction times . however , in the case of gold , because the fraction of electrons in the sample close to the absorption edge is very small ( fig . 2a ) , this effect is due to the overall broadening . the angle dependence of the energy shift ( fig . 7 ) can be also attributed to angle - dependent number of electrons at high emission angles ( fig . 8 ) which is probably associated with the linear polarization of the synchrotron radiation . however , to explain the negative energy shift for high emission angles and lower sample energies , additional information is also needed . the study of space and surface charge effects has important implications for photoemission , as well as the further development of the technique . these findings first ask for particular problems in interpreting the data . one immediate issue is the required energy referencing in the spectroscopy . in the community it is a common practice to use the energy level of a metal as a reference . this is usually done by using the energy level from a metal ( such as gold ) which is electrically connected to the sample under measurement . it is true that the intrinsicfermi level of the sample is lined up with that of the metal , but the resulting energy level has an offset from the space and mirror charge effects . this offset can be different between the sample and the metal because it is not only metal - dependent , but also depends on many other factors . when the effect on the phase shift is large , using the energy level from the metal as a reference becomes necessary . another important factor is the fermi level instability during measurement . because the electron flux density changes with time for many different light sources due to the finite life - span of electrons in the storage ring , the fermi level is constantly changing with time during measurement . as we have mentioned before , this can give rise to an fermi level uncertainty on the order of 10 mev for a typical experimental setting using a first - generation synchrotron light source . this is comparable or lower than the energy levels which are actively pursued in many - body physics in the condensed matter physics @ xcite . measurement with an energy precision of 1 mev is necessary , for example , when the superconducting gap in some conventional metals as well as in some high temperature superconductors is on the order of 1 mev @ xcite . in thiscase , with uncertainty or uncertainty on the order of 1 mev , poses a serious problem . to solve the fermi level referencing problem , one should always reduce the space charge effect by reducing the photon flux , thereby increasing the spot size . apparently this is not desirable , particularly when a large photon flux is necessary to obtain data with a good statistics and a high efficiency . now that the energy level referencing to a sample is no longer necessary , one can obtain an internal reference from the sample for measurement . this internal reference can be derived from _ priori _ knowledge or measurements with negligible space charge effect . for example , for high - cuprate materials , the ( 0 , 0 ) to ( @ xmath14 , @ xmath14 ) nodal direction can be used as an internal reference to determine the energy level because it has been shown that the superconducting current and pseudogap approaches zero in this direction even for slightly larger samples @ xcite . as for the fermi level correction with uncertainty , since the energy shift exhibits a linear relationship with the photon flux , it is possible to make corrections by increasing the sample current or photon flux . ideally , this problem can be resolved if the synchrotron light source is operatedand " constant or quasi - constant photon flux ( top - down " ) mode . in addition to the fermi level problem , the energy broadening is another important issue facing the imaging technique . since the physical properties of materials are dictated by electronic excitations in the energy range of @ xmath0k @ xmath15 t near the fermi level ( k @ xmath15 is the boltzman constant and t a temperature ) , to probe the intrinsic physical properties , the energy resolution needs to be equal or better than k @ xmath15 t , which is 0 . 5 mev for 100 nm . therefore , there is a strong theoretical need to improve the photoemission technique to even higher energy resolution ( 10 - mev ) , accompanied by high photon flux and small spot size . the space and mirror charge effects should be taken into account seriously in the future development of new light sources and laser energy sources . the high photon flux and small spot size can enhance the space and mirror charge effects ; the resulting energy broadening can be far below the distance from the laser beam and the light source . with the increasing demand of high energy resolution , it is necessary to consider how to alleviate or remove the mirror charge effects . fortherefore , it is interesting to see whether applying a bias voltage between the sample and the light detector will affect the space charge effect . on the other hand , in addition to putting more emphasis on improving the sensitivity of the light detector , it is also important to put emphasis on improving the capabilities of the electron energy detector . one aspect is to further improve the sensitivity of the detectors by developing new electron detection schemes . the other aspect is to further improving the analyzer throughput . note that , for the state - of - the - art scanning energy analyzer , in angle - resolved spectroscopy , no more than 1 @ xmath16 of electrons are absorbed during measurements . all the rest of electrons emitted at 1 @ xmath14 solid angle from the sample surface are wasted . a new scheme needs to be developed on how to record the solid angle at the same time when maintaining high energy resolution . it is clear that more work needs to be done and we hope our identification of the coulomb effects can get more work along this line . s . huefner , photoemission spectroscopy : principles and applications ( springer - verlag , berlin , 1995 ) . angle - resolved photoemission : principles and practical applications , edited by m . j . kevan , ( else##vier , the netherlans , 1992 ) . special issue of science * 288 * , p . 5465 , ( 2000 ) . special issue of science . fluid dynamics and quantum mechanics , * 117 - 118 * , ( 2001 ) . m . damascelli , m . hussain and y . - h . shen , j . of phys . * 86 * , 473 ( 2003 ) . m . chainani et al . , phys . lett . * 86 * , 1966 ( 2001 ) . j . m . armitage et al . lett . * 86 * , 1126 ( 2001 ) ; s . sato et al . , science * 291 * , 1517 ( 2001 ) . m . wannberg , m . baltzer and s . sato , preprint ( 2000 ) . m . boersch , math . physik * 139 * , 110 ( 1954 ) . m . hofer et al . , science * 277 * , 1480 ( 1997 ) ; j . m . echenique and j . m . pendry , papers in math . * 139 * , 111 ( 1989 ) . we credit m . fujimori , m . bozek and m . sodergren for these contributions . thethis was supported by the als of lbnl , which was supported by the ' s office of science , division of material science , with contract de - fg03 - 01er45929 - a001 . the als also provided support for the work at ssrl with contract de - fg03 - 01er45929 - a001 . the work at stanford was supported by doe grant dmr - 0304981 and onr grant n00014 - 00 - 00 - 0195 - p0007 , and the work at mit was supported by doe grant dmr 0402814 and doe grant de - fg02 - 03er46066 . in the 2d horizontal plane and parallel to y ##z . the sample axis is in the xz plane and the angle with respect to the z axis is referred to as @ xmath3 . the analyzer is rotatable and the sample axis is in the yz plane . the angle of the lens axis with respect to the z axis is referred to as @ xmath4 . ] = 90 ##° and the value of @ xmath4 is 0 . the beam spot size of @ xmath##0 ##m . # @ xmath130 . 30 # @ xmath9 . the photon flux corresponding to the beam ##v current is @ xmath05 @ xmath1310 @ xmath8 m / s . the inset shows the measured light beam edge width as a function of the sample current , which includes all contributions including the beamline , the energy and the temperature difference . the photon energy resulting from pulsed light is calculated by deconvolution of the measured data , with the width at low sample flux as from all the other contributions . ] is 45 degrees and the analyzer angle @ xmath4 . 0 . effect of beam ##line causes the energy broadening . the width at low sample flux can be approximated as a straight line ; the straight lines also act as a guide to the eye . ] for given sample current , ( a ) . @ xmath3 = 30 , ( b ) . @ xmath3 = 40 and ( c ) . @ xmath3 = 52 . the curves in each column represent the sample currents ( s ) at a given beamline angle ( de ) . for a given curve the sample current is not a constant . ]. the sample tilt angle is @ xmath3 = 45 degrees . in the inset , the average spectral weight over the entire energy range of 1 @ xmath035 ev is a function of the analyzer angle @ xmath4 ( black solid background ) . for example , the fermi energy as a function of the analyzer angle measured under similar conditions is also shown ( blue background ) . ] 0 . 42 ev . for the energy shift , all peaks overlap with each other , so that the energy shift is proportional to the electron current . [ for the pulse broadening , they do not strictly overlap with each other , particularly for the pulse length . ]