this problem is one of the most important tasks in time series data analysis . a well - defined first - nearest neighbor ( 1 - nn ) with the time series ( dtw ) distance is one of the best ways to classify time series data , among other approaches , such as support vector machine ( svm ) @ xcite , artificial neural network ( ann ) @ xcite , and decision tree @ xcite . for the 1 - nn approach , finding the appropriate classification measure is also crucial ; however , the classification criteria still depend heavily on the nature of data itself , especially in time series data . since the euclidean distance is often used to measure the dissimilarity between two time series , it has been shown that dtw classification is more accurate and produces more accurate results . sakoe - chiba band ( s - c band ) @ xcite greatly speeds up the dtw , and it has been introduced to be used as a dtw global constraint . in 2002 , the s - c band was first implemented for the academic community , and the width of the global constraint was fixed to within 1 % of the series length . however , recent work @ xcite shows that the classification accuracy depends heavily on this global constraint ; the width of the constraintdepends on the size of the data at hand . to find a suitable band , the possible widths of the global constraint are tested , and the band with the maximum constraint accuracy is selected . ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - k band ) @ xcite has been used to represent the global constraint model represented by a one - dimensional array . the size of the array and the maximum constraint value is limited to the length of the time series . and the main feature of the r - k band is the multi ##band , where each band is representing each class of constraints . unlike the multi r - c band , this multi r - k bands can be adjusted as needed according to its own time warping path . although the r - k band allows more flexibility to model the global constraint , a learning algorithm is needed to discover the best multi r - k band . in the original work of r - k band , a tree - search algorithm with two multi ##s ( accuracy and distance function ) is used . the learning algorithm climbs though a tree , trying to increase / decrease the values of the constraints until certain conditions are satisfied . however , this learning algorithm still suffers from an overfitting phenomenon since an accuracy metric is used as a heuri##stic function to evaluate the algorithm . to solve this problem , we propose two novel learning algorithms , i . e . , band boundary extraction and iterative learning . the band boundary extraction algorithm first takes a maximum , minimum , and mode of the paths positions from the dtw distance distribution , and the ##erative learning , band s structures are compared in each round of the iteration to the silhouette band @ xcite . we run both this and the band that gives the results . in prediction theory , the 1 - nn using dynamic time warping distance with this discovered structure is used to classify the data . note that a lower bound , lb _ keogh @ xcite , is also used to speed up our 1 - nn algorithm . the rest of this paper is structured as follows . section 2 gives some theoretical background for our research results . in section 3 , we present our results , the two novel learning algorithms . section 4 gives an experimental evaluation and some analysis of the dataset . finally , we conclude this paper in section 5 . our novel learning algorithms are based on four basic mathematical concepts , i . e . , dynamic time warp ( dtw ) band , sakoe - chiba band ( s - c band ) , ratanamahata##na - keogh bands ( r - k bands ) , and silhouette bands , which are also discussed in the following sections . dynamic time series ( dtw ) @ xcite ##s is a well - known similarity algorithm based on similarity . it uses a dynamic programming algorithm to compare all possible warping paths , and chooses the path with the least distance between two time series . to calculate the distance , it first creates a similarity matrix , where the length of the matrix is the cumulative distance of the maximum of the neighboring neighbors . suppose we have two time series , a sequence @ xmath0 of length @ xmath1 ( @ xmath2 ) and a sequence @ xmath3 of length @ xmath4 ( @ xmath5 ) . first , we create an @ xmath1 - by - @ xmath4 matrix , where the ( @ xmath6 ) element of the matrix is the cumulative distance of the maximum of ( @ xmath6 ) and the minimum of the neighboring neighbors , where @ xmath7 and @ xmath8 . we then write the ( @ xmath6 ) element , @ xmath9 , of the matrix as : @ xmath10 where@ xmath11 is the cumulative distance of @ xmath12 and @ xmath13 , and @ xmath9 is the summation of @ xmath14 and the the squared cumulative distance of the path surrounding the ( @ xmath6 ) element . therefore , to find an optimal path , we choose the path that yields the minimum cumulative distance , ( @ xmath15 ) , which is defined as : @ xmath16 where @ xmath17 is the set of all possible optimal paths , @ xmath18 is ( @ xmath6 ) or @ xmath19 length of a warp path , and @ xmath20 is the length of the warping path . in general , dtw may not be the best mapping due to our constraints because it will try its best to find the optimal distance . it will find the optimal path . for example , in the [ flo : dtw1 ] @ xcite , without our constraint , dtw will find the best mapping between the two time series . however , in some cases , this is simply not what we intend , when the two time series are assumed to be of different lengths . we can solve this problem by limiting the per##missible shortest paths using a global constraint . two well - known global constraints , sakoe - chiba band and itakura band @ xcite , and a recent one , ratanamahatana - keogh band ( r - k band ) , have been proposed , figure [ flo : dtw2 ] @ xcite as an example for each one of the constraints . [ cols = " ^ , ^ " , ] [ flo : dt ] in this work , we propose a new efficient time series prediction algorithm based on neighbor - nearest neighbor relationship and the dynamic time series distance with multi r - k bands as a global constraint . to select the best r - k band , we use our two machine learning algorithms , i . e . , band mean value method and iterative algorithm . this method is used as a heuristic function for selecting the band that gives the minimum prediction result . the lb _ keogh band bound is also used in data analysis step to speed up the computation . we would like to use the mathematics and computer science ( sci ) laboratory , chulalongkorn university for building a model we have used in this work . see fumitada itakura . minimum prediction residual principle introduction to thesoc . , 7 ( 4 ) : 6772 , 1975 . eamonn j . keogh and chotirat ann ratanamahatana . dynamic classification of linear time series . , 7 ( 4 ) : 358386 , 2005 . alex nanopoulos , rob alcock , and yannis manolopoulos . tree - based classification of time - series data . , pages 4961 , 2001 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j . keogh . making time - series classification more efficient using learned algorithms . in _ proceedings of the 2004 siam international conference on data mining ( sdm 2004 ) _ , pages 1122 , lake buena vista , ca , usa , april 21 - 23 2004 . chotirat ann ratanamahatana and eamonn j . keogh . some myths about dynamic time series data mining . in _ proceedings of 2005 siam international data mining conference ( sdm 2005 ) _ , pages 506510 , long beach , cl , usa , april 21 - 22 2005 . juan jos rodrguez and carlos a . rodriguez . linear and dynamic time series - based decision trees . in _ proceedings of the 2004 acm symposium on applied mathematics ( sac2004 ) _ , pages 548552 , nicosia , cyprus , november 15 - 17 2004 . gerard rousseeuw . cluster : a practical guide to the interpretation and validation of cluster data . , 21 ( 4 ) : 5365 , 1987 . hiroaki sakoe and seibi chiba . dynamic cluster ##ing design for short word analysis . , 10 ( 1 ) : 4349 , 1978 . yi chen and david c . smith . basis - vector design and fusion for cluster analysis . _ _ proceedings of the 2004 acm cikm international conference on information and knowledge management ( cikm 2004 ) _ , pages 324333 , washington , dc , usa , november 8 - 10 2004 .