although the solar number varies greatly with time with an average period of one year , the solar cycle duration ( length ) and also the strength ( duration ) vary in a random way . it is observed that the stronger cycles have longer periods and vice versa . this leads to an interesting phenomenon of solar cycle known as waldmeier effect . it means that there is an anti - correlation between the rise time and the peak solar number . we call this as we1 . now because of rise time if we consider the rise rate then we get very strong anti correlation between the rise rate and the peak sunspot number . we call this as we2 . another important feature of solar cycle are the solar minima . these are the periods of much solar activity . the best example of these is the during during 16451715 . this is not an effect of astronomical observations , but a natural phenomenon ( hoyt & schatten 1996 ) . from the study of the @ and @ xmath0c data in tree rings , usoskin et al . ( 2007 ) found that there are @ xmath1 ##c cycles during and @ xmath2 years . we tried to model these periods of solar cycle using the rise rate model ( choudhuriet al . 1995 ; dikpati & charbonneau 1999 ; chatterjee et al . 2004 ) . in this model , the term diffusivity is an important term which is not being used . the several models have different values of diffusivity and this leads to two models of flux transport dynamo : high diffusivity model and low diffusivity model . in the earlier model , the value of diffusivity being used is @ xmath3 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 ( see also jiang et al . 2007 and yeates et al . 2008 for details ) , whereas in the latter model , it is @ xmath6 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 . we mention that the mixing length theory gives the value of diffusivity as @ xmath7 @ xmath4 s @ xmath5 . the important flux transport agent in this model is the meridional circulation . but since 1990 s we have some missing data of the circulation at the surface and so we do not know whether the varied it with solar cycle in past or not . however if the flux transport agent is the flux dynamo for the solar cycle , then we canconsider the solar average period , as the basis for the because the average period is strongly influenced by the strength of the meridional circulation in this region . if the amplitude of the solar cycle has had significant variation in amplitude , then we can also say that the had significant variation with the solar cycle . therefore the main sources of variation in the solar transport dynamo ##s are the periodic fluctuations in process of generating poloidal field and the stochastic fluctuations in the solar circulation . in this paper we study the amplitude of fluctuations of the latter . we model the @ xmath8 times by fitting the periods with the meridional circulation in a linear diffusivity curve based on chatterjee et al . ( 2004 ) model . the solid figure in fig . [ fit23 ] ( a ) shows the variation of the amplitude of @ xmath9 used to model the periods of the cycles . note that we do not try to model the periods of the cycles accurately which is bit inaccurate . we change @ xmath9 between two cycles and twice during each cycle . in fact , we do not change @ xmath9 if the amplitude difference between two successive cycles is greater than @ xmath10 of the current period . ( with the( @ xmath5 ) with time ( in yr ) . the solid line is the variation of @ xmath9 used to match the theoretical periods with the observed periods . ( b ) variation of theoretical sunspot number ( dashed line ) and observed sunspot number ( solid line ) with time . ( c ) scatter diagram of peak theoretical sunspot number and peak observed sunspot number . the above correlation ##s and the corresponding scale factors are shown on the right . , scaledwidth = 0 . 5 % ] in fig . [ fit23 ] ( b ) , we show the theoretical sunspot series ( eruptions ) by dashed line , with the observed sunspot series by solid line . the theoretical solar number has been multiplied by a factor to give the observed value . it is very important to note that most of the amplitudes of the theoretical sunspot cycle have been compared with the observed solar cycle . however , we have found a large difference between these values ( see fig . [ fit23 ] ( c ) ) . this study suggests that a major part of the fluctuations of the amplitude of the solar cycle may result from the fluctuations of the meridional cycle . this is a very important part of this study . now we have the followingof this result based on yeates et al . the cycle in the heat flow model , is generated by the size of the poloidal field in the tachocline . the production of this toroidal field is increased if the poloidal field remains in the tachocline for longer periods and vice versa . however , the poloidal field diffuses during its transport through the convection zone . as a result , if the diffusivity is very high , then most of the poloidal field moves away and very less amount of it reaches the tachocline to induct the cycle . therefore , when we increase @ xmath9 in the diffusivity model to match the period of a longer cycle , the poloidal field gets more time to diffuse during its transport through the convection zone . this also leads to a lesser generation of toroidal field and hence the cycle becomes weaker . on the other hand , when we increase the size of @ xmath9 to match the period of a longer cycle , the poloidal field does not get much time to diffuse through the convection zone . hence it produces stronger magnetic field and the cycle becomes stronger . consequently , we produce weaker cycle for longer periods and vice versa . however , thisis not the case in low diffusivity model because in this model the diffusive decay of the fields are not very fast . as a result , the faster the decay means that the poloidal field remains in the tachocline for more time and therefore it produces more toroidal fields , giving rise to a shorter period . therefore , we can not get a correct relationship between the value of theoretical sunspot number and that of theoretical sunspot number when repeat the same process in low diffusivity model based on dikpati & charbonneau ( 1999 ) model . we study the in the transport function model . we have shown that the stochastic fluctuations in the , and the stochastic fluctuations in the are the two main types of irregularities in this model . therefore , to study we must introduce suitable suitable fluctuations in the poloidal field source term of the . we see that this study can not reproduce we1 ( fig . [ pol ] ( a ) ) . but it reproduces we2 ( fig . [ pol ] ( b ) ) . finally we introduce suitable fluctuations in both the poloidal field source term and the meridional term . we see that both we1 and we2 are remarkably2 in this case ( see ref . [ both ] ) . we repeat the same study in low diffusivity , based on dikpati & charbonneau ( 1999 ) experiment . but in this case we have failed to reproduce we1 , so we2 is used . the results of this study can be found in karak & choudhuri ( 2011 ) . we have shown that the is useful for modeling different aspects of solar cycle . therefore we ask whether a small increase of the corresponds to a maunder - like grand minimum . to answer this question , we increase @ xmath9 to a very low value in half the hemisphere . we have done this during the decaying phase of the solar sunspot cycle and grand minimum . we keep @ xmath9 at low value for around 1 yr and then we can increase it to the usual value but at different rates in both hemispheres . in northern hemisphere , @ xmath9 is increasing at a lower rate than southern hemisphere . ( a - ( @ xmath5 ) in northern and southern hemispheres with time . ( b ) the butterfly diagram . ( c ) the dashed and dashed lines represent the same numbers in southern and northern hemispheres , whereas thesolid line of the total sunspot number . ( d ) measurement of energy density of magnetic field at # 15 @ xmath11 at the beginning of the transition zone . , scaledwidth = 100 . 5 % ] in fig . [ mm ] , we show the theoretical data covering the maunder minimum period . fig . [ mm ] ( a ) , shows the maximum rate of solar circulation @ xmath9 ##2 over this period in both hemispheres . in fig . [ mm ] ( b ) , we show the phase diagram of solar number , whereas in fig . [ mm ] ( c ) , we show the variation of the sunspot number along with the total solar numbers in both hemisphere ( see the caption ) . in order to facilitate comparison with the data , we have taken the year of the minimum to be 1635 . note that our theoretical data reproduce the rapid disappearance and the gradual increase , the north - south asymmetry of solar number found in the last phase of maunder minimum and the slow oscillation of solar cycle observed in cosmogenic climate models . we also mention that if we take the poloidal field to a very low value at the beginning of the solar minimum , then weto reproduce maunder - like grand minimum ( choudhuri & karak 2009 ) . but in both the cases , then we need to reduce the or the poloidal field at the value of the maunder constant . so if we reduce the poloidal field much enough , then one can reproduce kelvin - like grand minimum at a small value of solar circulation . the details of this study can be found in karak ( 2010 ) . we have shown that with a very small fluctuations in the solar circulation , we are able to reproduce some very important features of solar cycle including waldmeier effect and maunder like grand minimum . but we are unable to reproduce these features in low diffusivity model . " this study along with several other studies ( chatterjee , nandy & choudhuri 2004 ; chatterjee & choudhuri 2006 ; goel & choudhuri 2009 ; jiang , chatterjee & choudhuri 2007 ; karak 2010 ; karak & choudhuri 2011 ; karak & choudhuri 2012 ) supports the high diffusivity model for solar cycle . chatterjee , s . , nandy , s . , & choudhuri , a . s .2004 , a & a , 427 , 1019 choudhuri , a . r . , chatterjee , p . , & jiang , j . , 2007 , phys . , 2 , 1103 choudhuri , a . r . , & karak , b . b . 2009 , raa 2 , 953 choudhuri , a . r . , schssler , m . , & dikpati , m . 1995 , a & a , 303 , l29 dikpati , m . , & charbonneau , m . 1999 , apj , 518 , 508 jiang , j . , chatterjee , p . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2007 , mnras , 381 , 1527 hoyt , m . a . , & schatten , m . j . , 1996 , j . phys . , 1 , 181 karak , b . b . 2010 , apj , 724 , 1021 karak , b . b . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2011 , mnras , 410 , 1503 karak , b . b . , & choudhuri , a . r . 2012 , rev . , 278 :137 usoskin , a . a . , solanki , a . a . , & kovaltsov , v . a . 2007 , b & w , 471 , 301 yeates , j . a . , nandy , s . , & mackay , d . m . 2008 , apj , 673 , 544