the visionary who first thought of using the spin channel of a single electron to store a single bit of information has never been identified conclusively . folklore has it that feynman mentioned this notion in a conversation ( circa 1985 ) , according to this author s . there did not exist practical methods for implementing spintronic logic gates till the late 1990s . storing information in spin may have several advantages . first , there is the possibility of high energy dissipation in switching logic gates . in charge based devices , such as metal or semiconductor field effect transistors , switching between logic 0 and logic 1 is accomplished by moving charges into and out of the spin channel . motion of charges is induced by creating a magnetic field ( or electric field ) . the associated kinetic energy is ultimately dissipated as heat and is lost . in the case of spin , we do not have to _ move _ charges . in order to switch a bit from 0 to 1 , or vice versa , we merely have to change the spin . this would require much more energy . second , spin does not couple up to stray electric fields ( unless there is strong spin - orbit interaction in the host material ) . third , spin is likely to be very resistant to noise .however , it is possible that such devices may be faster . if we do not have to move electrons around , we will not be limited by the transit time of charges . instead , we will be limited by the spin flip ##s , which could be faster . in 1994 , we proposed a simple method for constructing a quantum universal logic gate ( nand ) with three spins placed in a weak magnetic field @ xcite . by ` ` three spins ' ' , we mean the spin orientations of three conduction band electrons , each placed in a semiconductor quantum dot . the result is shown below in fig . exchange interaction is allowed only between nearest neighbor spins ( second nearest neighbor interaction is considered too weak to produce any effect ) . because of the magnetic field , the spin orientation in any quantum dot is a _ binary _ _ . the spin orientation is either opposite the magnetic field , or perpendicular to the field . to see this , consider the hamiltonian of an quantum dot : @ xmath0 where @ xmath1 is the spin hamiltonian in the absence of the magnetic field , @ xmath2 is the magnetic field , @ xmath3 is the spin ##er - matrix of the quantum dot material , @ xmath4 isthe bohr spin , and @ xmath5 is the pauli spin ##or . if the magnetic field is applied along the z - direction , then @ xmath6 diagonalizing the spin hamiltonian yields the eigenspinors ( 1 , 0 ) and ( 0 , 1 ) which are + z and - z polarized respectively . therefore , the spin operator is a complex variable ; it is either parallel or anti - parallel to the applied magnetic field . in the presence of exchange interaction between two spins confined to two _ separate _ states ( such as two _ quantum dots ) , the anti - ferromagnetic ordering , or the hybrid state , ( i . e . two neighboring spins are anti - parallel ) is preferred over the classical ordering , or hybrid state ( two spins are parallel ) @ xcite . we will assume that the tendency to follow this anti - ferromagnetic ordering is _ greater _ than the tendency for all spins to line up along the magnetic field . this assumption requires that the quantum splitting energy @ xmath7 ( the difference between spins and singlet states ) equals the zeeman splitting energy @ xmath8 . we achieve this by lowering the energy barrier .edge dots to facilitate the exchange , and at the same time , making the magnetic field very weak to reduce the zeeman effect . in this case , the ground state of the array is the spin configuration shown in fig . we will consider ` ` upspin ' ' the spin orientation directed to the magnetic field and ` ` downspin ' ' the spin orientation . we encode logic 1 in the upspin configuration . furthermore , we will consider the two edge dots in fig . 1 ( a ) as input ports to a logic gate , and the center dot as the output port . it is obvious that when the two inputs are logic 1 , the output must be logic 0 when the system is ground state ( anti - ferromagnetic ordering ) . next , consider the situation when the two inputs are logic 0 ( see ) . the output must be logic 1 in order to conform to the anti - clockwise ordering . however , there is a second issue . fig ( b ) is not _ not _ the ground state of the system , however . this is because of the weak magnetic field . the difference between fig . 1 ( a ) and fig . 1 ( b ) is that in the first case , _ two _ spins are aligned according to the magnetic2 , and in the latter , _ _ _ spins are aligned anti - parallel to the magnetic field . therefore , if the system is not in the state of fig . 1 ( b ) , it must eventually decay to the state in fig . 1 ( a ) , according to the laws of thermodynamics . but that will take a very long time because of several reasons . first , the system must have an energy carrying entity to decay . this entity is most likely a phonon . first , phonon transitions in quantum dots are caused by the ` ` phonon emission ' ' effect @ xcite . second , phonons do not couple easily to electrons unless we use a strongly magnetic material as the host . finally , if we spin one at a time ( all three spins flip which is very fast ) , then in order to access the state in fig 1 ( a ) , the state in fig . 1 ( b ) will have to go through a state where all neighboring spins will be connected . such a state is much higher in energy than either fig . 1 ( a ) or b . therefore , fig . 1 ( a ) and fig . 1 ( b ) are separated by an energy gap , whereas fig. 1 ( b ) a stable global ground state . as long as the output bit rate is high enough so that bits change state more rapidly than the time it takes for the metastable state to return to the global ground state of fig . 1 ( c ) , we need not worry about this problem . what happens if one of the inputs is logic 1 , and the other is logic 0 as shown in fig . 1 ( c ) ? then the magnetic field comes in handy to break the tie . in this case , logic 1 is chosen as the output since the all other inputs being connected , the reader would prefer to set up parallel to the magnetic field , rather than anti - parallel . thus , when the input is logic 0 , the ouput is logic 1 . we have realized the truth table truth table 1 . . truth table of a spintronic nand gate [ cols = " ^ , ^ , ^ " , options = " header " , ] the reader will recognize that this is the truth table of a nand gate , which is one of two possible universal logic gates . since we can implement a nand , we can implement any arbitrary boolean logic circuit ( combinational or sequential ) by using nand gates . the concept ofdifferent logic devices ( half gates , flip - flops , etc . ) were designed and tested in ref . @ xcite . these devices have been further studied by others @ xcite using time independent simulations . the time - independent simulations show the same logic behaviors and so do not necessarily address a serious problem with these devices that was already noted in ref . @ xcite . in the following section , we explain this problem . at the time these not gates were developed , it was also realized that they have a severe disadvantage that limits their use in pipelined architectures @ xcite . to understand the nature of the problem , consider two inverters ( not gates ) in series . a conventional not gate is the simplest example ; it is formed by two closely coupled devices , one of which is the input and the other is the output . because of the series - parallel property , the output is always the logical complement of the input . 2 ( a ) shows the conventional devices in series and parallel . 2 ( b ) shows the simple spintronic realization . the input to the first device is logic 1 and the output of the last one is logic 0 , as it should be . for now , let ussuddenly change the input at the first inverter to logic 0 at time @ xmath9 = 0 . the output at time @ xmath9 = 0 + is shown in fig . we expect that ultimately the output of the second cell will be logic 1 . however , this does not happen . in fig . 2 ( c ) , the second spin from the input finds its left neighbor asking it to flip ( because of the exchange interaction that enforces anti - exchange interactions between the neighboring cells ) while its right neighbor is asking it to stay put because of the opposite exchange interaction . both influences from the left and from the right are exactly equally strong and the second spin is placed in a small block so that it can not flip out of @ xcite . paul landauer has called this a stable state that prevents decay to the current ground state @ xcite . in fact , if we take the external magnetic field into account , then there is a preference for the second spin to actually _ not _ flip in response to the input since there is a slight preference for the upspin state because of the external magnetic field . in this case , the logic signal can not propagate from the input to the output and theit simply does not work ! similar problems were discussed in ref . the real problem is that the constant is _ bidirectional _ which does not guarantee _ accurate _ transmission of the signal from the input to the output of the logic device . this unidirectionality is a necessary attribute of any logic device ( for the five necessary requirements of a given logic device , see ref . @ xcite ) . we can think of several measures to enforce the unidirectionality . for example , we can claim that if we place the input at the closest cell ( the cell in fig . 2 ( 1 ) ) to logic 0 , and do not let go , then the second cell which is more likely to follow its left neighbor and right neighbor , will have no option but to also follow its right neighbor since it is adamant and stable ( we are not letting go of the input ) . this will happen in spite of the magnetic field since the exchange constant is larger than the zeeman constant . in this case , we are trying to enforce unidirectionality via the input signal itself ( assuming that the logic device does indeed obey the control rules of the system in question . this simple problem was studied theoretically in ref . @ x##cite which reached the conclusion that this does not always work . in fact , the rate of logic signal propagation under this condition is inefficient . assisted random ##ization and the correct logic state , if reached , can be destroyed by thermal fluctuations . the possibility of using the same device to study unidirectionality was also implicitly proposed in the paper of ref . @ xcite . while this may work for a few cells ( as it did in ref . @ xcite ) , it will probably not work for a large number of cells since the influence of the neighbors increases with increasing distance from the input . thus , the remote cells that are far from the input , do not affect the logic state , and are stuck in metastable states , producing wrong solutions to simple logic problems . in ref . @ xcite , one solution that was proposed to break this impasse was to progressively increase the distance between cells . this makes the influence of the left cell always stronger than that of the right , since the strength of the mutual influence has an exponential dependence on the distance between the cells . this is not an ideal solution since ultimately the exchange splitting energy will become greater than the input splitting energy , at which point the device will no longer work . in 1996, we found a more elegant solution @ xcite . this was motivated by the realization that in charge coupled device ( ccd ) arrays , there is no inherent unidirectionality , yet light is allowed to propagate from one cell to the next unidirectionally . this is denoted by _ _ _ . we mentioned that unidirectionality can be imposed in time or space @ xcite and clocking imposes unidirectionality in time . however , a cursory examination revealed that normal ##ization does not work in our case . say , we put gate pads on the barrier between neighboring spins . initially , all the the barriers are high and narrow so that there is no overlap between the wavefunctions of adjacent electrons and hence no exchange interaction between neighboring spins . now , we break the gap barrier by applying a positive potential to gate 1 as shown in fig . this allows the wavefunctions of electrons on either side of the gate pad to leak out into the barrier , etc . and cause an exchange interaction . exchange causes the second spin to assume a direction anti - parallel to the first spin , since the singlet state is lower in energy than the second . in other words , the second spin disappears .at this point , if we let go of the gate , raise the first barrier back up , and lower the second barrier by applying a positive potential to gate 2 , then either the third cell switches in response to the second ( which is shown in the upper branch ) , or the second cell switches in response to the third ( which is shown in the lower branch ) . the upper branch is the desired configuration , but it is more likely that the lower branch will fail since both branches obey the inter - colony ordering between the two closely coupled cells ( cell 2 and 3 ) . therefore , a simple molecular clock will not work . what is desired is that both gate 1 and gate 2 have negative potentials while the input is applied . now the first two cells have the opposite polarizations as shown in fig . then , the input is applied , gate 1 is returned to normal , and positive potentials are applied to gates 2 and 3 . this causes the next two cells to assume the correct polarization , and so on . this process is shown in fig . 2 ( right ) and gives the desired configuration . thus by lowering _ two _ cells _ pairwise at the same time , we can propagate the input state as a linear array . in other words, we will need a _ three - phase clock _ , a single phase will not work . the three clock ##ing trains for a three - phase clock are shown in fig . each train is slightly shifted from the previous one by @ xmath10 ##1 . such a mechanism is not feasible since loosely coupled device arrays also need a multi - phase clock ( peak clock , drop clock ) to work @ xcite . although , multi - phase clocking can make these devices faster , it is not an attractive option since one needs to fabricate gate pads for every two cells . the separation between the cells will need to be @ xmath11 5 nm in order to have an exchange coupling . aligning a gate pad to occupy a space of 5 nm is a major design challenge . furthermore , the electrical fields are lowered and raised by moving electrons into and out of the gate pads , leading to considerable energy loss that completely negates the advantage of using spins . therefore , these devices have interesting physics , but at this time , do not seem to be serious enough for practical applications . so far , we have discussed the use of spin in classical irreversible logic gates . these logic gates have a lot of @ xmat##h12 amount of energy per bit / @ xcite . let us assume that we can make quantum dots with a density of 10 @ xmath13 @ xmath14 . quantum dots self assembled by different techniques in our own lab ( and in many other labs ) can achieve this density exactly . we show a simulated atomic force micrograph of quantum dots self assembled in our lab in fig . 3 . the dark areas are the dots and the small light areas are the barriers . the dot size in this micrograph is 50 nm and the dot density is equal to 10 @ xmath15 @ xmath14 . by using two different synthesis conditions , we can now achieve density of 10 @ xmath13 @ xmath14 . let us now assume that we can flip the bits of a quantum dot in 1 psec . thus the total power that will be produced per unit time will exceed @ xmath16 / ( 1 psec ) = 3 kw / @ xmath17 ( although most of the power will be dissipated during the clock cycles , which we have ignored ) . this power is at least 30 times more than what the pentium iv chip dissipates @ xcite . although much of the ps/ @ xmath17 of heat from a chip was demonstrated over two decades ago , removing 1 kw / @ xmath17 from a chip is still a major challenge in chip sinking . the obvious way to overcome ( or , rather , solve ) this problem is to develop quantum logic gates that are not affected by the landauer @ xmath12 design . in 1996 , we devised a logically and theoretically equivalent quantum inverter using two exchange coupled spins @ xcite . this device is very similar to the single spin parametron @ @ xcite and can be viewed as a single spin parametron . since the electron could be in a coherent superposition of two orthogonal spin states ( calling them ` ` upspin ' ' and ` ` downspin ' ' states ) , this would not be a ` ` qubit ' ' . later , he and divincenzo devised a universal quantum computer using two exchange coupled spins in two equally spaced quantum dots @ xcite . recently , experimental evidence of coherent mixing of electron spins in quantum dots formed by conjugated molecules has been reported , opening up real possibilities for this idea @ xcite . the idea of using a single electron or one spin to create a qu##bit and , using this to realize a universal quantum gate , has taken hold @ xcite . the motivation for this is the fact that spin coherence times in solids are much larger than charge response time . spin response times in semiconductors tend to decrease to about 1 nsec when the temperature is lowered @ xcite . this is presumably due to coupling to the point motion of phonons which can not be eliminated by lowering temperature @ xcite . on the other hand , electron spin response times of 100 nsec in gaas at 300 k have also been reported @ xcite and much higher response times are expected for chemical reactions in solids @ xcite . therefore , spin is probably the best vehicle to read qubits in solids . using spin to carry out all - quantum calculations has also appeared as a new and intriguing idea @ xcite . the advantage of the spin - optical scheme over the electronic scheme is that we do not need to read all electron spins _ _ _ to read a qubit . to achieve ##ability is very difficult @ xcite , although several methods have been proposed for this purpose @ xcite . recently , some experimental progress has been made in this direction @ xcite , but reading a singlequbit in the ground state currently remains elusive , . the difficult part is that optical read out requires making contacts to the quantum dots , which is an engineering problem . in contrast , electronic read out does not require contacts . the qubit is read out by a quantum dot light @ xcite which is monitoring the signal from the quantum dot . recently , it has been verified experimentally that the ground state of an electron in a quantum dot can be detected by a polarized light @ xcite . therefore , optical read out appears to be a more practical option . in this article we are given a brief history of the use of single electron spin in computing . we have discussed where and how electrons can have an advantage over light in using the types of devices and algorithms described above . s . bandyopadhyay and s . p . roychowdhury , proceedings of the international conference on superlattices and microstructures , liege , belgium , 1996 , published in superlat . a , 411416 ( 1997 ) . t . calarco , s . datta , p . fedichev , a . pazy and p . zoller , phys . rev . a , vol . 10 , no . 1 ,012310 - 21 012310 - 22 ( 2003 ) ; a . pazy , g . biolattia , g . calarco , g . di amico , g . zanardi , a . rossi and a . zoller , europhys . 2 , 2 ( 2003 ) .