this paper presents data for the last two patches ( c and d ) of the sky studied by the european eso infrared survey ( eis ) , being carried out in preparation for the first year of regular operation of vlt . the x - ray data presented here covers a total area of 6 square degrees , corresponding to @ xmath6 , corresponding to two patches probing separated regions of the sky , 6 square degrees each . the published work complements earlier papers in the series ( nonino 1998 ; paper i , prandoni 1998 ; paper ii ) and completes the presentation of the data accumulated by the eis , carried out during the period july 1997 - march 1998 as part of the wide - angle infrared survey as described by renzini and da costa ( 1997 ) and in paper iv . the primary science goal for the patches c and d was to search for and determine a number of distant star cluster candidates that would match those of the other two patches ( a and b ) published earlier ( olsen 1998a , b : patches iv and v ) , providing vlt data nearly year - round . patches c and d were also selected to coincide with the ongoing 10 cm westerbork survey of the southern hemisphere ( wish ) , carried out in the region @ x##math7 and @ xmath8 . originally , the eis observations were expected to be carried out in two passbands ( v and i ) . however , because of time constraints and the possibility of supplementing the eis observations at the ntt with the new wide - field imager for the 1 . 5 m eso / mpia telescope , decision was made to use the area covered by the i - band data , more specifically for more distant objects with @ xmath9 ( see paper below ) . this decision allowed the full survey of the two patches , covering a total area of 10 square degrees . combined with the data for patches a and b the eis i - band data covers a total area of about 20 square degrees , representing the largest such survey of its kind in the southern hemisphere . the purpose of the present paper is to describe the results of the i - band observations of patches c and d . in section 2 , the observations , results and the nature of the data are described . in section 3 , the object catalogs collected from the patches are compared and compared with data from the other patches and other data collected to greater depth . concluding remarks are made in section 4 . the observations of patches c and d were carried outfor several weeks during the period of ( except for patch d ) 1997 to march 1998 , using the red channel of the emmi instrument on the 3 . 5 m space telescope telescope ( ntt ) at la silla . the red channel of emmi is equipped with a tektronix 2046 @ xmath10 2046 camera with a maximum resolution of 0 . 266 arcsec and a useful field - of - view of 1 @ xmath11 . the observations were carried out in a series of approximately 150 sec exposures , with every position on the image being scanned at least once , using the wide - angle filter wb829 # 797 used in patch i , and for which the color difference relative to the cousins system is small . the data for patches c and d consist of 1348 frames but only 1203 were used for final analysis , with 145 frames obtained in poor seeing condition ( @ xmath12 arcsec ) . the frames obtained did have a resolution in the range 0 . 5 to 1 . 6 arcsec , much lower than the data obtained for patches a and b , at the peak of el nio . the [ figure : seeing ] shows the seeing distribution of all the frames for each patch . for example the patchalso shows the spatial distribution of the observed frames , with the vertical lines in each patch indicating the median seeing and the size of the patches . from the figure one finds that the median seeing for the patches is sub - arcsec ( @ xmath13 % ) with only 25 % of the area covered by frames with a seeing larger than 1 % . the spatial distribution of the observations can also be seen from figure [ fig : limiso ] which shows the @ xmath14 limiting isophote within 1 arcsec for each patch . apart from the subrow ##ning patch table , in both cases the limiting isophote is : @ xmath15 25 . 3 @ xmath16 mag ##i @ xmath17 . the two - dimensional distributions of the seeing and limiting isophote are shown in figures [ fig : seeing _ cont ] and [ fig : limiso _ cont ] . comparison with the distributions presented in the papers ( parts i and iii ) shows that the results for patches c and d are significantly different . note that for each patch tables are provided for the properties of the accepted frame , its size , limiting isophote and photometric end - point and can be found at ` ` http :/ / www . eso . org / eis ' ' . in late december 1998 , a realignment of the secondary mirror was carried out by the ntt team in an attempt to correct the image distortions observed in the upper corners , especially the upper - right corner , of the emmi frames . the frames for patch c and most of the frames for patch d were improved with the new setup of the ntt . examination of the point spread function for these frames showed no significant improvement in the quality of the image . this points to the need to develop a position - based estimator for the point - spread function to ensure uniformity of the galaxy / image distance in the frame . this is particularly important for images taken under good viewing conditions . in fact , despite the uniformity of the distance as a function of distance on the image it is found that there is a 10 % increase in the density of features at the outer edge of the image , due to misclassifications , significantly greater than that seen in patch i . in the last two months ( january - february ) it was also noticed that ( at the @ xmath18 level of the background noise ) some features appear in the east - west direction ( perpendicular to the readout axis ) .with many bright objects located in the outer regions of the ccd patch being detected . the reasons for the these features are at the present time unclear but are probably due to the limitations of the second - generation ccd controller of emmi , when operating in a dual - port readout mode . these are two - thirds of the patch c frames and essentially half the patch d frames . these light trails occur only in the patch and there is no reliable way of accounting for them a priori . an unfortunate consequence of this problem is that it leads to a localized error in the detection of low - apparent brightness objects in a range of magnitudes ( typically @ xmath19 ) which can have a significant impact on the actual detection rate ( scodeggio 1998 , paper iii ) . this is unfortunate because the patches c and d are located at lower apparent brightness ( @ xmath20 ) with about an order of magnitude larger density of stars than the previous patches . the photometric calibration of the patch was carried out , as described in papers i and iii , by determining a single zero - point for all frames from the solution of a simple least - squares problem to determine the relative zero - points , assuming their brightness to be equal to zero .the absolute zero - point was determined by a simple zero - point offset calculated from the common zero - points of all frames observed in photometric ##s . there were 340 and 290 such frames , covering about 80 % and 20 % of the surveyed area , in patches c and d , respectively ( see figure [ fig : overlaps ] ) . the zero - points for these frames were determined using a sample of 300 fields , of the order of 10 % , taken from landolt ( 1992 ##a , b ) , observed in 10 nights for patch c and in 11 nights for patch d . altogether 215 ##0 pairs of frames in the same passbands were used in the calibration . comparison with external data suggests that a zero - point offset provides an accurate photometric value for the entire patch . in order to determine the photometric quality and the accuracy of the zero - points , data from the denis survey ( epchtein 1996 ) crossing the surveyed area the regions of overlap of these data are shown in figure [ fig : overlaps ] , which shows that there are five strips crossing patch c and two strips crossing patch d . in the figure the frames observed under these conditions are also shown . comparison of this figure with their counterparts shown in fig .and iii , which shows that the data for strips c and d are of superior quality , with a much larger number of samples obtained under normal conditions . in order to investigate possible local variations of the denis zero - point over the course of the patch , the eis catalogs were compared with the catalog extracted from the denis patches that cross the two regions ( see figure [ fig : denis ] ) . comparison of the catalogs allows one to investigate the variation of the zero - point of the denis . the results are shown in figure [ fig : denis ] . the range in which the comparison can be made is relatively small because of saturation of data from eis at the lower end ( @ xmath21 ) and the # ##est limit of denis ( @ xmath22 ) . still , between the denis patches where comparison is possible one finds a roughly equal zero - point variation of less than 0 . 02 mag for both strips and a scatter of @ xmath23 mag that can be attributed to the variation of the denis patches ( deul 1998 ) . in order to evaluate the quality of the data simple statistics extracted from the object catalogs extracted from the images are compared in this way with model predictions and other data sets .the catalogs derived from individual frames are used to generate the regular , odd and unusual seeing catalogs , described in earlier papers . the observed distribution of stars and galaxies , defined using similar star / galaxy fitting schemes as in previous editions of the series , are shown in figures [ fig : pc _ visu ] and [ fig : pd _ visu ] down to @ xmath24 and @ xmath25 for stars and galaxies , respectively . the latter corresponds roughly to the completeness limit of the object catalog . this limit was established for the object catalog derived from the co - addition of images of a single frame taken periodically during the construction of a patch . note that because of the much better seeing star / galaxy classification is possible down to @ xmath26 and the completeness is about 1 . 5 times deeper . some improvement in the accuracy is expected from a new model being used as sextractor based on a position - based star fitting scheme currently being developed . this new version should also improve the accuracy of the classification of the universe . the distribution of the stars and galaxies shown in figures [ fig : pc _ visu ] and [ fig : pd _ visu ] is remarkably homogeneous and much larger than those shown in the previous e##is also subject to the much better observing conditions . this is true except for a small region of about 0 . 2 square degrees in patch d which has been removed , as indicated in figure [ fig : patch _ visu ] . the main problem seen with the galaxy images for these patches is the presence of some very small linear features clearly visible at high resolution ( see eis web page ) . these features are a consequence of the electronic errors described above and are not easily accounted for at the image level . in order to evaluate the results the physical characteristics of the two galaxy catalogs are combined and compared with model data and object data sets . note that patches c and d are located at a higher latitude and the number of stars is much larger . in addition , the seeing is much better than in other patches . therefore , it is of interest to re - evaluate the overall performance of the eis image reduction under these new conditions . figure [ fig : star _ counts ] , shows the comparison of the star counts for patches c and d , using the star counts extracted from the object data , with the predicted results based on a disk model composed of an old - disk , a thick disk and a halo . the star - counts have been computed using the method developed by mn##dez and # altena ( 1996 ) , used the standard parameters described in their paper 1 and an @ xmath27 of 0 . 015 and 0 . 010 for galaxies c and d , respectively . it is important to emphasize that no attempt has been made to apply any of the standard parameters to the observed counts . the model is used only as a guide to interpreting the data . as can be seen there is a strong correlation at high magnitude ( @ xmath28 ) , whereas the observed counts show an excess at fainter magnitude ( @ xmath29 ) . even though it is possible that this excess is due to misclassified galaxies at these very high magnitudes , a better agreement can be found if a higher stellarity index is adopted . on the other hand , it is also possible that the model underestimates the contribution of the thick - disk which makes a significant contribution to this magnitude range . the large drop in the observed counts at @ xmath30 is probably due to the very low stellarity index adopted , which was chosen to minimize the absorption of light . by adopting a stellarity index of 0 . 5 the decline in the counts can be seen up to @ xmath31 . however , since these magnitude##s and this value of the stellarity under contamination by galaxies can be significant . a potential problem with these higher magnitudes is the misclassification of galaxies , a result of the distortion effects of emmi , that can have significant problems for images taken in good light conditions . in order to evaluate the accuracy of the galaxy counts , the counts for patches c and d are compared with those of previous patches in figure [ fig : gal _ counts ] . there is a remarkable consistency among the counts obtained for the different patches , suggesting that the number of galaxies has not been affected by the observations at high galactic magnitude . the galaxy counts obtained from the different patches have been combined to determine the mean galaxy counts and the variance . this is also shown in figure [ fig : gal _ counts ] where it is compared to the ground - based counts ( postman 1998 ) and those from hdf ( brown 1996 ) , appropriately adapted to the metric system ( see fig iii ) . it can be seen the eis ##l counts match very well with the ground - based data covering comparable area over the entire magnitude range down to @ xmath32 and with the lower end of the hdf counts . the excellent internal and external agreement of the x - band galaxy counts serves as a source ofthe reliability of the eis galaxy varies . extraction from co - colored images should have up to 0 . 5 % accuracy . another method of measuring the spatial uniformity of the ngc catalog is to use the two - dimensional angular correlation function , @ xmath33 , where deviation from uniformity should affect the correlation , especially at high magnitudes . the latter should be sensitive to individual patterns , especially to the imprint of the individual frames , and to changes in the density over the field , which could result from large - scale gradients of the local zero - point . note that any residual effect due to the improper association of images along the edges of overlapping patches would lead to a new pattern ( see the weight ##ing on the eis catalog page ) that could affect the angular correlation function . section [ fig : w ] shows @ xmath33 computed for all magnitude intervals for all patches , using the method proposed by landy & szalay ( 1993 ) . the calculation has been performed over the entire area of patch d and most of the area of patch c , with only one subrow ( two individual frames ) , according to the method used ( see section [ fig ] ) . for example , @ xmath33 computedfor the other patches are also tables ( tables i and ii ) from which the cosmic variance can be evaluated directly from the data . it can be seen there is a good agreement for all the time periods considered . moreover , the large surface area of patches c and d allows to estimate the angular correlation carried out to @ xmath34 directly . in both cases @ xmath33 is well related to a comparison of @ xmath35 with @ xmath36 in the range 0 . 5 - 0 . 8 . note that for patch b the values correspond to the original sample taken after observing the first patch ( see table iii ) . in addition , there is no evidence for an underlying uncertainty associated with the overlap of the frames . the agreement on @ xmath33 was confirmed by carrying out experiments by adding to the derived galaxy distribution a new patch with high brightness contrast . it was found that for high contrast this would lead to local depression in the angular correlation function at scales of about the size of the diagonal of the grid and its sides , with the degree of depression depending on the relative brightness . none such features were seen further than the uniformity of the derived galaxy distribution . finally , note that the overall agreement of @ xmath33for the larger samples note that the very small - scale linear features associated with the faint light patch , mentioned in the [ obs ] , have very little impact on the angular correlation function . as stated in paper iii the dependence of the amplitude of the correlation function on the apparent size of the sample is consistent with previous estimates based on significantly smaller samples and the recent results published by postman ( 1998 ) . these results show that the eis galaxy catalogs are fairly uniform and form a homogeneous data set independent of the patch , yielding reproducible results . finally , note that even though a single power - law with a slope between 0 . 7 - 0 . 9 provides a good representation for the correlation function in all size bins , there is some indication that for fainter samples ( @ xmath37 ) the angular correlation function could be better represented by two distinct power - laws . for smaller samples ( @ xmath38 ) the slope remains the same but on larger samples it becomes gradually flat . a similar behavior is seen in the @ xmath33 computed for high magnitude patches . this flattening seems to be consistent with previous results by campos ( 1995 ) and neuschaefer and windhorst ( 1995 ) for much smaller samples ,and more recently by postman ( 1998 ) with a sample of similar size to eis but covering a very large area . one year after the first survey , the full data set produced by eis is being made public in the form of astrometrically and precisely calibrated pixel images and derived catalogs extracted from the images . in addition , separate papers have presented derived data as possible targets for follow - up work . the eis data set consists of over 6000 science and calibration images , over 96 gb of raw data and over 200 gb of reduced images and derived data . all the information regarding these frames are stored in a rapidly growing archive . together with the science archive group a user interface has been built to provide users with a broad range of data and information regarding the survey . from the analysis of the derived catalogs and their comparison against raw data and other observations , it has been found that the derived catalogs are reliable and uniform . when all data are included , the total eis galaxy collection contains about one million galaxies and it is by far the largest data set of faint galaxies currently available in the southern hemisphere . the star clusters have a good agreement with current galactic models , especially at high - galactic latitudes , and the galaxy counts agree withwell with other ground - based observations as well as with the data derived from hdf . the data from the different patches seem to be rather homogeneous , as strongly as from measurements of the angular two - point correlation , which should be sensitive to large - scale changes in a patch and to the positions of the different end - points for the different patches . the expected eis - 1 has very large samples ( up to about 90 % ) of new types of stars ( olsen 1998a , b , scodeggio 1998 ) and of potentially new point clusters ( zaggia 1998 ) , more than adequate for the first year of observations with vlt , the main goal of eis . some of the targets will also be observed all year round . in order to expedite the processing of the products , the images refer to the reference patches as described in the early papers of the project . even though co - addition has been performed for all the patches , they have been uncovered during the verification of the image catalogs extracted from them and require further work . nevertheless , the samples made available are sufficiently good and large for programs to be conducted in the first year of operation of the vlt . the results obtained from the co - addition data should become available before the v##lt ##s deadline . this paper describes the first phase of eis which will now focus on the deep surveys of the hdf - e ( @ xmath39 ) and axaf ##e ( @ xmath40 ) telescopes . the results presented so far show the value of the deep survey to the community at large with the basic data and tools needed to conduct follow - up observations at 10 - meter class telescopes . the experience acquired by eis in data processing , data collection and analysis will now be applied to the pilot survey , a deep wide - field imaging survey to be conducted with the wide - field camera mounted on the eso / mpia no . 2 ##m telescope . we thank all the people directly or indirectly involved in the eso imaging survey effort . in particular , all the members of the eis working group for the many contributions and many contributions , the eso archive , and the st - ecf for their support . we also thank the denis team for making available some of their best data . the denis project development was made possible thanks to the efforts of a number of researchers , engineers and scientists in various fields . the denis project is supported by the science and technology capital and innovation plans of the european commission under the directive ct9207##91 and ct940627 , by the french institut national des sciences de lunivers , the foreign ministry and the centre national de la communication scientifique , in germany by the state of baden - wurttemberg , in france by the dgicyt , in italy by the consiglio nazionale delle richerche , by the german fonds zur frderung der wissenschaftlichen forschung und bundesministerium fur wissenschaft und forschung , in brazil by the fundation for the advancement of scientific research of the university of sao paulo ( fapesp ) , and by the hungarian otka grants f - 4239 and f - 013990 and the eso s & ee grant f - 04 - 046 . our gratitude thanks to the memory of dr . renzini , vlt chief scientist , for his scientific knowledge , support and assistance in making this project a success . also , we would like to thank eso s . and riccardo giacconi for making this effort possible in the short time available .