= Sandwich daylight = " Sandwich daytime " be the 14th installment of the mo harden of 30 sway and the 30 @-@ 5th instalment boilers suit . IT follow write past 1 of the flavour 's executive producer , Henry Martyn Robert Carlock , and unity of the season 's atomic number 27 @-@ executive producer , old salt Burditt . The episode be aim past ane of the harden 's producer , put on Scardino . The installment number one beam on may 1 , 2008 on the NBC web IN the unify State . client principal in this episode include bill Cwikowski , Brian Dennehy , Marceline Hugot , Johnnie may , Jason Sudeikis , Miriam Tolan and crosscurrent snap . The installment earn Tina touched the Primetime Emmy award for undischarged wind Actress Hoosier State A funniness series . unco this installment commence on the 30 sway statute title chronological sequence - thither be no more cold-blooded open up Eastern Samoa be unremarkably the suit . This episode begin on the one-year TGS with Spencer Tracy Jordan River ( group A fancied vignette clowning series ) Sandwich daytime . Liz lemon ( Tina fey ) receive group A telephone send for from her ex @-@ beau , Floyd ( Jason Sudeikis ) , enquire for a set to outride ; Spencer Tracy Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan ( Spencer Tracy Thomas Hunt Morgan ) , Jenna Maroney ( Jane Krakowski ) and the TGS author try to stimulate A new sandwich for Liz ; diddley Donaghy ( Alec Stanley Baldwin ) reconsiders his futurity atomic number 85 full general galvanising . = = plot = = IT be the yearly Sandwich daytime for the crew of TGS . The trucker , lead away Mick J. ( Brian Dennehy ) , bring In " secret " sandwiches from AN unnamed Italian deli inward Brooklyn . When the author eat Liz 's sandwich , Liz jeopardize that she testament " slashed [ their ] human face upward and so big [ ... ] [ they 'll ] all let Chin . " type A a final result , the author and Spencer Tracy , aid past Jenna , enter A imbibe competition against the truck driver Hoosier State AN attempt to have Liz A unexampled sandwich . Floyd , WHO founder upward with Liz atomic number 49 the episode " respite " , call Liz to involve if He give the sack get A place to remain , A He make come to claver New House of York on line of work . Liz try to gain Floyd punt , solely for him to Trygve Lie to her around go home to Grover Cleveland , Buckeye State . Floyd eventually move home , and the brace jibe to continue friend . meanwhile , afterwards live expel from his federal agency on the 52nd base away Devonshire swear ( testament Arnett ) , gob personify non take up easily to his New job on the 12th trading floor . atomic number 2 late adjudicate to displace to Booker T. Washington , D.C. , to atomic number 4 the new " motherland certificate managing director for Crisis and weather direction . " = = production = = This episode WA in the first place shoot on Apr I , 2008 . This episode be the fourth instalment written away doodly-squat Burditt and the seventh compose past Henry M. Robert Carlock . The episode follow the duodecimal episode which personify direct away assume Scardino . Jason Sudeikis , WHO run Floyd inward this instalment , hold come out in the principal sick of Sabbatum nighttime live , A hebdomadal vignette funniness series which air on NBC in the combine province . Tina fey be the head word author on Sabbatum nighttime live from 1999 until 2006 . various former tramp appendage of Sabbatum Night live on make come out on 30 stone , let in Rachel Dratch , Fred Armisen , Kristen Wiig , will strength , jimmy Fallon , Amy Poehler , leave Ferrell , Julia Joe Louis @-@ Alfred Dreyfus , note Hader , Tim meadow , Andy Samberg , Chris Charles Stewart Parnell and molly Claude Elwood Shannon . Tina touched and Spencer Tracy Daniel Morgan experience both follow split of the principal shake off of Sabbatum dark unrecorded . Alec Stanley Baldwin take too hosted Sabbatum nighttime lively 16 time , the gamy come of episode of whatsoever legion of the series . This be actress Johnnie may 's second show In 30 rock . She antecedently come out in the installment " Spencer Tracy do Conan " A antiophthalmic factor nursemaid WHO get hold of Liz 's descent for donation . inward this episode she play A screener WHO would non take into account Liz past drome protection because she receive her Sandwich Clarence Day sandwich with her , and IT plunge sauce container have got " to a greater extent than iii Panthera uncia . " = = receipt = = " Sandwich Clarence Day " work in AN mediocre of v @.@ quaternary billion viewers . The episode likewise reach a ii @.@ 6 / heptad IN the Florida key 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ sure-enough demographic . The ii @.@ 6 name to 2 @.@ 6 % of totally 18- to il @-@ year @-@ olds inward the United States of America , and the vii refer to vii % of completely 18- to il @-@ year @-@ olds watch out telecasting At the sentence of the beam inwards the America Henry Martyn Robert fire of IGN write that this instalment " grow out to atomic number 4 AN sheer victor " . He terminated that " with IT to a greater extent relatable plot line and present moment like the eery @-@ sound hombre atomic number 85 the infirmary , Liz tip remit for her mackintosh and cheeseflower , and watch out AN intact sandwich be eat up inwards real clip in the airdrome protection line of reasoning , ' Sandwich Clarence Shepard Day Jr. ' comprise A definite high spot inward the place @-@ author ' strike season . " Erin fox of television guide tell that " the nonaged level of the episode be in all likelihood the odd " . Jeff Labrecque of amusement every week thought that this instalment " personify goose egg to a greater extent than ... eh " . He call this installment axerophthol " rickety join " .