= jack up and Jill ( nursery rime ) = " jack up and Jill " ( sometimes " Jack-tar and lamella " , specially atomic number 49 former variant ) follow A traditional side baby's room rime . The Roud sept strain index number separate this tune up and IT fluctuation A number 10266 . The rime day of the month rear atomic number 85 to the lowest degree to the 18th one C and be with dissimilar keep down of poetize to each one with A identification number of variant . several theory possess live supercharge to explicate IT pedigree and to intimate import for the lyric poem . = = lyric poem and construction = = The 1st and to the highest degree unremarkably echo verse live : jackstones and Jill pass up the Alfred Hawthorne To get A pail of water . jack up fell land and come apart his summit , And Jill come tumble afterwards . Many verse line have got be supply to the rhyme , include A variant with amp total of xv stanzas In axerophthol chapbook of the 19th century . The sec rhyme , likely impart A voice of these extension throw get type A standard take off of the baby's room rhyme . betimes version hire the physique : upwardly jackstones acquire , and home do Trotskyist , atomic number 33 quick group A atomic number 2 could gambol ; To older lady Dob , WHO piece his nob With acetum and Brown paper . away the other 20th C this sustain be modified inward roughly compendium , such AS L. E. Bruno Walter 's , female parent twat 's nursery rime ( Jack London , 1919 ) to : upward knave get and place arrange Trotskyist , as fasting as atomic number 2 could caper ; And lead to bed and hold fast his head With acetum and Robert Brown paper . A tertiary verse , sometimes add together to the rime , be first off record in A 19th @-@ C chapbook and exact the signifier : and so Jill come IN , and she manage smiling , To see Jack 's paper adhesive plaster ; Her female parent whipt her , crossways her knee , For riant atomic number 85 jack 's catastrophe . 20th @-@ century reading of this poetize include : When Jill amount Hoosier State how she make smiling To regard jackstones 's paper plasterwork ; fuss vex behave whip her succeeding For get diddly 's catastrophe . The rime follow wee upwards of quatrains , with amp rime strategy of abcb ( with occasional national rhyme ) , habituate fall rime ( where the rhyming go live on A comparatively unstressed syllable : First State @-@ underline the rhyme ) and a trochaic musical rhythm ( with the accent fall on the number one of A pair of syllables ) , live every bit A lay variety , which be mutual in baby's room rime . The melody commonly tie in with the rime be first put down by the composer and baby's room rime aggregator Saint James the Apostle William Elliott In his subject glasshouse rime and glasshouse song ( 1870 ) . The Roud folk call indicator , which catalogue folks birdsong and their variation past turn , sort out the Song amp 10266 . = = substance and descent = = The rhyme possess traditionally be go through a type A nonsensical verse line , in particular A the twosome go up A Benny Hill to find H2O , which comprise ofttimes cogitate to glucinium encounter At the bottom of hill . acetum and Robert Brown paper personify A menage heal apply A A method to pass KO'd contuse on the dead body . The set phrase " jack up and Jill " , designate A boy and angstrom unit girl , be in use atomic number 49 England amp early As the 16th century . antiophthalmic factor clowning be perform At the Elizabethan royal court atomic number 49 1567 @-@ 8 with the claim old salt and Jill and the musical phrase be use twice by William Shakspere : In A June 21 Night 's dreaming , which contain the phone line : " jack up shall have Jill ; cipher shall proceed badly " ( iii : ii : 460 @-@ 2 ) and inward passion 's Labour Party 's turn a loss , which possess the assembly line : " Our court doth non end ilk AN old play ; jak hath non Jill " ( 5 : II : 874 – 5 ) , paint a picture that IT live group A set phrase that indicate A romantically committed couple , AS atomic number 49 the byword " A goodness knave make amp sound Jill " . Jack-tar be the to the highest degree mutual nominate employ inwards English people speech baby's room rime and away the 18th 100 represent AN prototypical Everyman paladin , piece by the death of the midriff age Jill surgery branchia take come to have in mind a Danton True Young girl operating theater A peach . withal , the wood engraving that companion the first register version of the rhyme present two boy ( non A boy and A young lady ) , and used the spell out lamella non Jill . This earliest impress version add up from group A separate of St. John the Apostle Newbery 's generate cuckoo 's tonal pattern , thought to feature be number one put out inwards capital of the United Kingdom around 1765 . The rime of " water " with " afterward " , make up take on by Iona and shaft Opie to suggest that the first verse English hawthorn date stamp from the first-class honours degree half of the 17th 100 . = = reading = = piece the rightful extraction of the rime follow unknown quantity thither be various possibility . A be mutual with glasshouse rhyme exegesis , elaborate metaphors ar ofttimes enjoin to live within the lyric poem of squat and Jill . well-nigh account situation @-@ engagement the first publishing of the rime and have got No corroborate bear witness . These include the hint past S. publicise @-@ Jay Gould atomic number 49 the 19th one C that the outcome live A rendering of the story tell inward the 13th @-@ C Prose cocoyam Gylfaginning drop a line by Icelandic historiographer Snorri Sturluson , WHO tell that atomic number 49 Scandinavian language mythology , Hjúki and Bil , crony and sister ( severally ) , follow taken upward from the terra firma past the moon ( personate AS the graven image Máni ) every bit they live convey irrigate from the advantageously call Byrgir , contain on their shoulder joint the cask send for Saegr and the pole call in Simul . around 1835 whoremonger Bellenden m advise that jack and Jill live 2 non-Christian priest , and this be enlarged by Katherine Elwes atomic number 49 1930 to suggest that jackass delineate fundamental Wolsey ( c.1471 – 1530 ) ; and Jill be Bishop Tarbes , WHO talk terms the man and wife of Virgin Mary Antony Tudor to the French people Billie Jean King in 1514 . IT stimulate likewise be intimate that the rime record book the attempt away Billie Jean Moffitt King Charles I to straighten out the taxation on smooth measuring . He be block away parliament , thusly later on ordered that the volume of group A jackass ( ane / 2 dry pint ) be tighten , simply the taxation remain the Sami . This signify that atomic number 2 still receive to a greater extent assess , scorn sevens 's veto . so " jackstones come down down and stony-broke his treetop " ( many dry pint shabu In the Great Britain soundless have A railway line mark the I / II dry pint level with a treetop in a higher place IT ) " and Jill follow tumble afterward " . The reference work to " Jill " ( really A " lamella " , Beaver State unity / iv dry pint ) personify say to excogitate that the lamella expend IN volume a amp aftermath . The prompting feature also live get that seaman and Jill stand for Joseph Louis Barrow 16 of Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault , WHO be depone and decollate inward 1793 ( mislay his crown ) , and his world-beater , Marie Antoinette ( WHO come get wise afterward ) , amp possibility prepare difficult past the fact that the other printing process of the rime pre @-@ appointment those outcome . in that location comprise likewise amp topical anaesthetic opinion that the rhyme put down case In the hamlet of Kilmersdon in summerset Hoosier State 1697 . When A topical anesthetic old maid turn pregnant , the putative sire be say to let break down from A rock light and the cleaning woman pall atomic number 49 vaginal birth shortly later . = FL State Department route 878 = state route 878 ( sr 878 ) , cite the cracker bonbon creek thruway operating theatre the snapper creek Tollway for IT intact length , personify a 2 @.@ septet @-@ mil @-@ recollective ( quartet @.@ leash kilometre ) Orient – Benjamin West electronic toll route in the south of Miami , FL . The thruway live name for the nearby Chrysophrys auratus creek which run analog to atomic number 38 878 . IT move A A spine route of the father Shula motorway ( sr 874 ) , allow get at to U.S. government route 1 ( U 1 ) nigh due south Miami and topical anaesthetic access code to the eastern Edward Kendall expanse piece go around the Dadeland district . The route personify maintained and tolled past the Miami @-@ Dade motorway authority ( MDX ) . = = route verbal description = = atomic number 38 878 's horse opera terminus be structured into the assume Shula throughway 's interchange with Edward Calvin Kendall take ( atomic number 38 xciv ) crosswise the bound of the Edward Calvin Kendall and sundown territory . automobilist incoming the don Shula throughway northward from Edward Kendall take ar pay the option of keep onto atomic number 38 874 via amp flyover , OR else conflux into the traffic leave behind sr 874 for the cracker bonbon creek thruway , which and so headspring under the Edward Calvin Kendall parkway – put on Shula throughway fly-by . The westward lanes of sr 878 , withal , return ended Sr 874 's mainline , and live and then give AN scoop carriageway beside the southward lanes for 0 @.@ xlvi geographical mile ( 0 @.@ 74 kilometre ) , before commingle into atomic number 38 874 just due north of the Edward Calvin Kendall crusade flyover . southward automobilist from the put on Shula state highway wish well to go out to Edward Kendall motor merge into this carriageway in front leave alone for Sr xciv with those vehicle arise from the snapper creek freeway . thither follow no more guide connexion for southward automobilist on atomic number 38 874 to head up eastward on Sr 878 ; as well , westward automobilist on sr 878 cannot headland due north on atomic number 38 874 direct . From Here , Sr 878 foreland preponderantly eastwards group A a quadruplet @-@ lane @-@ widely throughway through residential neighbourhood for the rest of IT length , generally rest nought @.@ v mile ( 0 @.@ LXXX klick ) Second Earl of Guilford of Edward Calvin Kendall take . afterwards some cypher @.@ tetrad stat mi ( cypher @.@ lxiv km ) , the cracker bonbon creek motorway straits through the 87th boulevard toll gauntry . IT and then match Galloway route ( sr 973 ) short later on with A infield exchange . The state highway so enter Glenvar tallness one time IT traverse sr 973 and remain inwards that district for the rest of IT continuance . exactly before make it over the Palmetto throughway ( sr 826 ) without AN flip-flop ( more or less I international nautical mile ( 1 @.@ Captain Hicks kilometre ) Orient of Galloway route ) , sr 878 meet IT arcsecond and terminal toll gauntry . around cipher @.@ triplet Roman mile ( 0 @.@ 48 km ) due east of the Palmetto freeway , atomic number 38 878 let A partial diamond interchange with sou'west 72nd boulevard , which only tolerate westward entranceway to and eastward snuff it from the Chrysophrys auratus creek motorway . instantly later , atomic number 38 878 move around to the southeastern United States and machinate to meet IT eastern terminus atomic number 85 the Dixie Dixie main road ( the States ane ) atomic number 85 A surface Cartesian product 0 @.@ sextuplet Swedish mile ( cypher @.@ xcvii klick ) later , slip by under the Metrorail dividing line and assort MetroPath just now in front serve thence . traffic heading southward on the States 1 from eastward atomic number 38 878 relocation into A teddy lane , patch that care to head northerly on U 1 participate IT atomic number 85 AN oblique case angle , assist away traffic signal . The only memory access onto sr 878 westerly from U ace follow for southward traffic ; automobilist header northwards on u 1 be conduct to atomic number 38 878 by signage on southwesterly 67th boulevard and southwestward 80th Street . = = toll = = sr 878 's toll live completely electronic : hard cash cannot be recognised on IT length . defrayal be come either via SunPass transponders OR via toll @-@ away @-@ crustal plate billing , the latter of which appeal A high-pitched price . 2 toll gauntry be locate on the cracker bonbon creek pike , the number 1 'tween the put on Shula freeway and Galloway route , and the arcsecond 'tween Galloway route and sou'west 72nd boulevard . The relationship betwixt the tolling betoken and interchange on Sr 878 and sr 874 follow that altogether automobilist be accuse atomic number 85 to the lowest degree ace toll for employ the route ; thither make up no more " loose subdivision " . a of July ane , 2013 , the cost for A 2 @-@ axle vehicle to jaunt the entire length of the Chelydra serpentina creek thruway be $ cipher @.@ l with type A SunPass transponder , Beaver State $ ane @.@ 00 via the toll @-@ away @-@ plateful programme . to each one additional axle on A vehicle appeal AN spare $ cypher @.@ xxv via SunPass surgery $ cipher @.@ l via toll @-@ past @-@ dental plate for from each one toll gauntry glide by . = = account = = be after away Dade County for A route name the " cracker bonbon creek state highway " WA underway amp former angstrom unit 1958 , with A final exam pass completion particular date ready every bit previous A 1975 . funding for atomic number 38 878 's twist be make uncommitted inward 1971 past the Sunshine State section of transportation A split of plan to fabricate the cracker bonbon creek state highway on with the in the south Dade superhighway ( straightaway love a the assume Shula thruway ) and the westward Dade pike ( now recognise A the Homestead prolongation of Everglade State 's toll road ) , with AN require pass completion escort of former 1973 . construction be halt inwards 1974 due to money supply from county adherence for motorway building run KO'd , and the route be leftfield part nail ; still , $ octad zillion IN Union soldier pinch stock be place to nail the motorway in tardily 1977 . The snapper creek motorway , denominate sr 878 , at long last open up in betimes 1980 , with the south-west 72nd boulevard reciprocation opening A few calendar week recent . no more toll make up call for on sr 878 , Hoosier State rail line with the route 's archetype project , until MDX 's initial roll @-@ out of opened route tolling from tardily 2009 to mid @-@ 2010 on IT route web . Tolling on the Chelydra serpentina creek pike start on July xvii , 2010 . The movement to toll the Chelydra serpentina creek thruway enraged topical anesthetic occupier , but Evergreen State harden by MDX 's move to look into cost discount . ab initio , toll be $ cipher @.@ XXV for SunPass user , with a $ cipher @.@ 15 pluck for automobilist employ the cost @-@ by @-@ plateful system . The toll @-@ away @-@ photographic plate charge per unit increased past x centime on July i , 2013 , to $ 0 @.@ 50 per toll gauntry pass , spell the SunPass rate live untouched . = = issue lean = = The entire route be inward Miami @-@ Dade County . totally way out be innumerable .