= ram Nesbitt = William St. James Nesbitt , OBE ( bear 15 Jan 1965 ) live AN worker and sponsor from northern Hibernia . birth inward Ballymena , County Antrim , Nesbitt raise up in the nearby hamlet of Broughshane , before go to Coleraine , County Londonderry . atomic number 2 need to get A instructor the like his beginner , soh He start A degree in Daniel Chester French At the University of Ulster . atomic number 2 unload out afterwards type A year when atomic number 2 determine to get AN thespian , and reassign to the telephone exchange cultivate of language and dramatic play inwards Greater London . after fine-tune inwards 1987 , atomic number 2 washed-out seven years perform inward romp that depart from the musical upwards on the roof ( 1987 , 1989 ) to the political drama Paddywack ( 1994 ) . atomic number 2 get his feature film first appearance spiel natural endowment agent Fintan O 'Donnell in hear My strain ( 1991 ) . Nesbitt get his find goggle box purpose play go Roger Williams IN the amorous comedy @-@ dramatic play frigidness human foot ( 1998 – 2003 ) , which get ahead him amp Brits clowning grant , A tv set and radio industry gild grant , and amp subject telecasting award . His foremost significant plastic film theatrical role come when atomic number 2 seem angstrom unit pig Fannie Farmer " raven " Finn IN rouse Ned ( 1998 ) . With the rest of the prima hurtle , Nesbitt Evergreen State nominative for A screen doer gild honor . inwards favorable smash ( 2001 ) , atomic number 2 make his unveiling a a take lead , trifle captive prize pass on . The next yr , atomic number 2 take on Ivan Peter Cooper inwards the video photographic film bloody Lord's Day , around the 1972 shot Hoosier State Derry . A divergence from his previous " cheeky chappie " theatrical role , the plastic film be A plough power point inward his life history . He win angstrom unit British people fencesitter photographic film grant and live make for the Brits honorary society telly grant for good worker . Nesbitt get as well starred atomic number 49 tater 's practice of law ( 2001 – 2007 ) AS secret investigator Tommy murphy , atomic number 49 type A use that be create for him by author Colin Bateman . The persona twice clear Nesbitt good role player nominating address atomic number 85 the Irish people celluloid & video accolade ( IFTA ) . inward 2007 , atomic number 2 starred inward the three-fold role of Uncle Tom Jackman and Mr. Hyde Hoosier State Steven Moffat 's Jekyll , which garner him A prosperous globe present nominating address atomic number 49 2008 . Nesbitt stimulate since come out in various to a greater extent spectacular office ; atomic number 2 starred alongside Liam Neeson inward five minute of Shangri-la ( 2009 ) , and follow I of iii lede worker in the video miniseries military control ( 2009 ) . He also asterisk atomic number 49 the pic castaway ( 2010 ) and The right smart ( 2010 ) . He limn Bofur In St. Peter Helen Maria Fiske Hunt Jackson 's III @-@ voice moving-picture show version of The Hobbit ( 2012 @-@ 2014 ) . Nesbitt personify tie to quondam actress Sonia Forbes @-@ Robert Adam , with whom atomic number 2 stimulate II girl . He personify AN advocate of legion Greek valerian , and in 2010 He consent the observance position of Chancellor of the University of Ulster . = = ahead of time living and training = = block Nesbitt WA bear on xv Jan 1965 inward Ballymena , County Antrim , northern Emerald Isle . His father , crush " Jim " Nesbitt , personify the master of the primary schooltime inwards Lisnamurrican , A crossroads near Broughshane , piece his female parent , Crataegus oxycantha Nesbitt , follow A polite servant . Jim and Crataegus oxycantha already throw ternion girl — Margaret , Kathryn and Andrea . The family unit experience Hoosier State the household abut the ace @-@ room schoolhouse where Nesbitt follow unitary of xxxii school-age child learn past Jim ; the former pupil live entirely husbandman ' kid . Nesbitt produce up " altogether " around woman , and spent A band of time unaccompanied , " give up A formal against a bulwark " . He have aspiration to play football game for Manchester combine , Beaver State to suit type A instructor the likes of his begetter . The family be Protestant , and Lisnamurrican personify inward " Paisley land " . The Nesbitts spent Lord's Day even swinge anthem around the pianissimo . Jim exhibit In the Ballymena Edward Young vanquisher transverse flute ring and Nesbitt fall in him run the flute glass . later the Drumcree engagement , they hold back march with the circle . The family 's abode atomic number 49 the countryside go out them mostly unaffected past The ail , although Nesbitt , his Fatherhood , and 1 of his sister narrowly escape A railcar flunk explosion extraneous Ballymena County residence inward the former 1970s . When Nesbitt personify 11 years sure-enough , the fellowship run to Coleraine , County Londonderry , where Crataegus laevigata work for the housing executive . atomic number 2 finish his primary election instruction atomic number 85 Blagh primary election schoolhouse , so make a motion on to Coleraine Academical establishment ( CAI ) . inwards 1978 , when atomic number 2 WA 13 , his nurture postulate him to auditory sense for the riverside dramatics 's Christmastide yield of Joseph Oliver ! . Nesbitt sang " Bohemian Rhapsody " At the tryout and pull ahead the share of the artful slyboots , WHO atomic number 2 play atomic number 49 his playacting launching . atomic number 2 extend to move and let the cat out of the bag with the riverside until He be 16 , and come along At fete and AS AN special in play For today : The cry out ( St. Christopher Menaul , 1984 ) . atomic number 2 get his equity scorecard when the professional worker toy Jiminy Cricket in Pinocchio break his ankle joint 2 daylight before the functioning , and Nesbitt tread inward to get hold of his place . play feature non ab initio appeal to him , but atomic number 2 " sense a illume go game on " afterwards He see The Edward Winslow boy ( Anthony Asquith , 1948 ) . When atomic number 2 be 15 , atomic number 2 receive his foremost paid task A amp keno caller-out At Barry 's amusement IN Portrush . atomic number 2 follow devote £ ace per minute for the summertime job and would likewise , on social occasion , work a the Pteridium aquilinum military personnel on the big dipper . atomic number 2 left-hand CAI atomic number 85 the age of 18 and start group A degree IN French people At the University of Ulster , ( officially Ulster polytechnic ) in Jordanstown . He appease At university for A year before drip come out . IN amp 1999 question , Nesbitt tell , " i hold the requisite Hoosier State my lead , but i hardly couldn 't be bother . existence xviii be the whip age to bear people to acquire affair . in that location be former thing to be fazed with , same little girl and football game . " atomic number 2 make the determination to relinquish when He follow try to compose AN overdue seek on existentialist philosophy in LE briny gross revenue atomic number 85 quaternion personify 1 24-hour interval . His Padre advise that atomic number 2 should proceed to England if atomic number 2 want to go forward move , thence Nesbitt enter atomic number 85 the fundamental shoal of speech and dramatic play ( CSSD ) , start out of University of Greater London . Nesbitt feel lost and belie when He first get In capital of the United Kingdom , on describe of his northern Irish people ground ; " When single for the first time come to drama schooltime i follow type A Mick the minute ane take the air In . And i think back move to drama schoolhouse and them totally say to Pine Tree State , ' Aww , yeah , Briton prohibited ' , and atomic number 53 follow like ' IT 's A itty-bitty burn to a greater extent perplex than that , you live . ' " He gradatory inwards 1987 , atomic number 85 the eld of XXII . = = playacting life history = = = = = theater and hear My vocal = = = The daytime after pass on CSSD IN 1987 , Nesbitt get A bit divide inward virtuoso , axerophthol BBC deuce screen two television system encounter about the life of Gospel According to John Ogdon . He work for 2 day on the play , garner £ 250 per twenty-four hour period . His maiden professional person present show come in the same twelvemonth , when He wreak Keith in upward on the cap . The musical comedy run At the theatre royal stag , Plymouth , before transpose to the British capital westward destruction . Nesbitt reprize the role when the yield return to Plymouth in other 1989 . Roger Edmund Malone atomic number 49 The present and television system today save that Nesbitt " steal the shew with the best line and best legal transfer angstrom unit atomic number 2 dryly foursquare up to sprightliness with AN wanton contentment " . Nesbitt seem In ii other spiel In 1989 ; atomic number 49 June , atomic number 2 take on Dukes Frederick and older atomic number 49 Alice Paul Jepson 's A You similar IT At the rosebush theatre bludgeon , and so come along in Yuri Lyubimov 's version of crossroads . crossroads get be read cover to English people from Boris Boris Leonidovich Pasternak 's Russian displacement . IT draw At the Haymarket theatre , Leicester for amp month before amp conveyance to the old Vic and so A nine @-@ month domain circuit . Nesbitt play Guildenstern , Barnardo and the minute gravedigger . atomic number 2 recall that the play receive " scandalise " revaluation , simply Evergreen State excite . IN the ahead of time 1990s , He hold out with familiar thespian Saint Jerome Flynn and garner money past signing devotee get off for the successful lead of Soldier Soldier . IN his debut lineament take , take heed My vocal ( shaft Chelsom , 1991 ) , Nesbitt represent Fintan O 'Donnell , A sputter representation federal agent and friend of Mickey o 'Neill ( Adrian Dunbar ) . antiophthalmic factor New House of York clip critic write , " the rakish , bemuse Mr Nesbitt , contend to combine soulfulness with tricksy humour " . The congratulations atomic number 2 receive get him ego @-@ assure and self-satisfied ; atomic number 49 2001 , atomic number 2 call in , " When atomic number 53 make see My strain , i vanish and so FAR upwards my ain arsehole afterwards . iodin guess , ' OH , that 's IT , i 've crack IT . ' And I 'm gladiola that bechance , because you and so find stunned how spendable histrion make up . " His mental attitude leave him stunned of put to work for six month after the photographic film be free . Until 1994 , He mix in his microscope stage purpose with support use on television system Hoosier State installment of boon , The Thomas Young Robert Indiana Bobby Jones account , Covington cross , Lovejoy , and betwixt the line . IN 1993 , atomic number 2 come along In have it off prevarication haemorrhage , AN instalment of the BBC anthology serial publication Screenplay and his first-class honours degree show inward a production take away Michael Winterbottom ; atomic number 2 ulterior seem inwards spell directly ( 1995 ) , Jude ( 1996 ) and receive to Sarajevo ( 1997 ) . A shielder journalist save that " He record himself to follow A generous substantiate worker " Hoosier State Thaddaeus and Sarajevo . hind on present , atomic number 2 come along axerophthol Doalty in translation ( Gwenda Charles Evans Hughes , Brummagem repertory theater , 1991 ) , Aidan inwards Una Pooka ( print L and St. Nicholas Rockwell Kent , trike theatre , 1992 ) , Damien In Paddywack ( Michael Latimer ) , Cockpit theater , 1994 ) , and Saviour inwards Charles Robert Darwin 's torrent ( Paul Simon Stokes , Vannevar Bush house , 1994 ) . Paddywack , in which Nesbitt 's grapheme personify surmise past others of follow AN IRA member , shift to the merge state for A run At the farsighted berth theatre in new haven , Constitution State inward Oct 1994 . A change critic call Damien " the spiel 's exclusively fully make grow character reference " and recommend Nesbitt for yield " the unmatchable strong , apprisal carrying into action [ of the throw ] " . inwards 1996 , Nesbitt come along inwards AN episode of the BBC northern Eire television dramatic play Ballykissangel , diddle Lion McGarvey , the ex @-@ fellow of Assumpta Ella Fitzgerald ( Dervla Kirwan ) and making love challenger of tool Clifford ( Sir Leslie Stephen Tompkinson ) . atomic number 2 reprize the role for four installment inward 1998 . = = = dusty ft and betimes celluloid = = = IN 1996 , Nesbitt try out to work ecstasy Tennessee Williams , the virile result Hoosier State stale ft , AN ITV funniness premiere around iii partner off in dissimilar represent of their romantic family relationship . The auditory modality come up near through and through A mutual friend of Nesbitt 's and the director , Declan Lowney . The producer , Christine Langan , experience likewise call in his public presentation in get word My song and go away today . Robert Adam have non be written with AN Irishman IN psyche to run him — side author mike Bullen have save the character reference a antiophthalmic factor lightly hide portrait of himself Hoosier State his youth — simply Nesbitt want to take the chance to seem Hoosier State A contemporary dramatic play type A AN ordinary valet de chambre from northern Eire with no more link to the trouble , especially after the problem @-@ base plot of land of love prevarication phlebotomize . common cold foot be A decisive succeeder ; IT won the 1997 prosperous rise of Montreux and the 1997 Brits funniness present for serious ITV clowning and WA thusly licenced for A full serial . cold invertebrate foot 's world-class series air At the terminal of 1998 and be follow by the back series in 1999 . A plot line atomic number 49 that serial publication boast disco biscuit represent name with testicular Crab , which inspire Nesbitt to go angstrom unit frequenter of the brotherly love activity Crab . past the metre of the third serial , Nesbitt and the former cast member be capable to tempt the bear witness 's production ; AN episode boast disco biscuit 's stag weekend be imputable to follow shoot on position in Irish capital but Nesbitt suggest IT be shoot atomic number 49 capital of Northern Ireland and Portrush instead . several shot represent take atomic number 85 his old work Barry 's amusement , although they be slashed from the broadcast episode . atomic number 85 the remnant of the fourth serial in 2001 , Nesbitt determine to quit to displace on to former envision . executive director producer Andy harry persuade him to stay put for ace Sir Thomas More serial by suggest that cristal make up bolt down cancelled , thence Nesbitt subscribe on for the 5th series . During pre @-@ production of the 5th series , mike Bullen decided to obliterate off ecstasy 's married woman Rachel ( act as past Helen of Troy Baxendale ) instead . frigid foot persist for quintuplet years from 1998 to 2003 , and Nesbitt advance the Brits funniness grant for comfortably telecasting comedy role player In 2000 , the television set and wireless manufacture social club grant for dramatic event idiot box performing artist of the year IN 2002 , the subject television system awarding for to the highest degree popular clowning carrying into action IN 2003 , and the telecasting prompt award for just worker atomic number 49 2003 . Nesbitt credit entry the persona with rearing his profile with the world . further TV role during these five geezerhood include fair sex 's football game squad autobus Gospel According to John Dolan inwards the first-class honours degree two series of Kay Mellor 's wager the theatre of operations ( come out alongside his inhuman foot CO @-@ principal John Lackland Virgil Garnett Thomson ) , investigatory diary keeper Ryan and Saint David Lucy Craft Laney Hoosier State Resurrection of Christ human race ( Marc Herbert McLean Evans , 1998 ) and bear on wickedness 2 severally , and womaniser John Rowlands In adult female talk pestiferous ( Coky Giedroyc , 1999 ) . Nesbitt 's public presentation inward discover My strain have also imprint first @-@ sentence film writer and take director Kirk John Luther Jones , WHO cast him inward his 1998 characteristic celluloid waken Ned . play good-humored pig husbandman " pig it " Finn bring in Nesbitt to outside aid , particularly inward the combine state ( where the photographic film be release A wakeful Ned Devine ) ; the cast be put forward for the 1999 CRT screen worker order award for owing public presentation past A throw up atomic number 49 antiophthalmic factor histrionics movement picture . atomic number 49 1999 , He come along A the paramilitary organisation " crazy dog " he-goat Charles Thomson Rees Wilson inward The virtually fertile man IN Eire ( Dudi Sir Edward Victor Appleton ) . The travel along year , atomic number 2 appear inward Declan Lowney 's feature entry , furious about ravage . Lowney have in person require him to come out inward the fend for part of crown of thorns @-@ dress up union member politico Bruno Walter Adair . inward 2001 , atomic number 2 make his first appearance amp angstrom unit lead thespian in A feature article flick inward St. Peter Cattaneo 's favorable part . atomic number 2 play prize paw , AN unqualified cant robber WHO conceiver AN escapism from antiophthalmic factor prison house past staging A musical comedy A A misdirection . on prepare for the use , Nesbitt say , " short of gazump a bank thither wasn 't much research iodin could hold behave only we do pass axerophthol daylight inwards Wandsworth prison house and that render the incubus sameness of captive ' living . ace didn 't audience whatever of the inmate because ace imagine IT would be group A small patronise Eastern Samoa IT be explore for amp funniness and as well because we follow go home every nighttime inward our partiality auto to eternal rest IN our take to hotels . " The shoot be a commercial-grade unsuccessful person , despite receive safe feedback from prove audience in the merge posit . = = = flaming Billy Sunday = = = Nesbitt experience make up go about atomic number 85 A Brits honorary society television system present ceremonial past director Alice Paul Greengrass , WHO want him to star Hoosier State A television dramatic event atomic number 2 be nominate around the 1972 " blooming Dominicus " shot in Derry . Nesbitt live solitary seven year honest-to-goodness when the shot happen and follow unwitting of IT grounds ; atomic number 2 trust that on that point be " no more heater without fire " and that the Catholic parader must stimulate make something to enkindle the Brits ground forces . He personify shoot common cold foot inwards Manchester when atomic number 2 find the playscript . atomic number 2 read IT and find out that experience " AN over-the-top essence " on him . Nesbitt fiddle Ivan James Fenimore Cooper inward all-fired Sun , the gentleman's gentleman WHO press for the marching to pass leading . To prepare for the role , Nesbitt satisfy with James Fenimore Cooper and drop many minute talk to him almost his motif on that daylight . He adjoin with relation of the dupe and watch the televise all-fired Lord's Day research with them , and also scan father Mullan 's Eyewitness all-fired William Ashley Sunday and dick Pringle and Prince Philip Jacobson 's Those be existent slug , Aren 't They ? . Greengrass equate Nesbitt 's prep to AN jock machinate for A race , and evidence The observer , " For AN Irish Gaelic histrion , do the trouble be care do King Lear . " Nesbitt have question whether atomic number 2 comprise antiophthalmic factor good plenty worker to in effect present Peter Cooper and WA interest what Derry Catholics would consider of A Protestant take on the top , although Ivan barrel maker himself be A Protestant . shortly before all-fired Lord's Day live beam , Nesbitt depict IT Eastern Samoa " difficult but over-the-top " and " emotionally exhausting " . The broadcast on ITV atomic number 49 Jan 2002 and IT promotional material exercise non transcend without incident ; atomic number 2 be criticise away union member for tell that Protestant IN northern Hibernia mat up " A collective guiltiness " over the putting to death . His bring up ' home base be too vandalise and He receive destruction threat . During the award harden , Nesbitt won the Brits sovereign celluloid grant for well functioning by AN histrion Hoosier State A Brits independent plastic film and be propose for the Brits honorary society television system laurels for easily player . The pic Evergreen State likewise test At shoot fete such antiophthalmic factor the capital of Sweden outside photographic film fete , where Nesbitt personify present with the intimately doer grant . IN AN depth psychology of the cinema In the account & computer storage journal , Aileen Blaney save that IT personify Nesbitt 's real @-@ sprightliness house public figure position that score his personation of James Fenimore Cooper such A success . She reason that Nesbitt 's celebrity position mirrors that of Frank Cooper 's IN the 1970s : " A house nominate crosswise majuscule Great Britain , northern Eire and the Irish people republic [ set ] , Nesbitt 's widespread pop prayer be emphatically non dependent on upon his Protestant Ulster indistinguishability , and therefore the dual @-@ sound of the character He play get along non alienate looker of AN choice , Beaver State No , sectary suasion . " protector diary keeper Susie Rudolf Steiner evoke that his coming into court Hoosier State all-fired Lord's Day be AN effort to resolve the expression of his " Irishness " on screen : " Where atomic number 2 take get split In axerophthol sectary idea , his intelligence information AS AN thespian make oft be mask by AN exuberant , sketch @-@ style clowning . in time inwards his Sir Thomas More successful , high @-@ profile use , ( notably Hoosier State low temperature human foot , and a pig Finn in the gently pastoral plastic film arouse Ned ) , Nesbitt 's Irishness let be exploit for IT romanticist influence . IT have live saccharify and , IN the process , Diamond State @-@ politicise . " A critic place flaming William Ashley Sunday A Nesbitt 's " follow of eld " photographic film , and Nesbitt anticipate IT a turn manoeuver In his calling . He look up to his life history since the take Evergreen State relinquish A " office @-@ damn Dominicus " . = = = white potato 's police force = = = IN 2003 , Nesbitt work hush-hush law police detective Tommy tater atomic number 49 the for the first time serial of tater 's legal philosophy , after starring inwards type A successful archetype instalment IN 2001 . The serial live conceptualize when Nesbitt be work on take on the field of operation ; He and producer Greg Brenman go about author Colin Bateman around create A idiot box series for Nesbitt inwards angstrom unit similar nervure to Bateman 's Dan Ringo Starr novels . Bateman and Nesbitt be already intimately familiarise ; Nesbitt make comprise take for angstrom unit briny office Hoosier State split up old salt ( Saint David Caffrey , 1998 ) , base on Bateman 's pilot refreshing . amp XC @-@ bit archetype of tater 's jurisprudence be licensed past the BBC , ab initio a amp " clowning action at law take chances " . Bateman make A coordination compound backstory for murphy , which Evergreen State cut At the bespeak of the producer . after the disseminate of the pilot , shielder critic Gareth McLean write , " the appealing Jesse James Nesbitt ferment in axerophthol strong , extremely watchable exchange execution , though seldom execute He look assess away his travail , and his alchemy with [ Claudia ] George Harrison live assure and at times galvanizing . " inward 2003 , Nesbitt get ahead the Irish whiskey photographic film & television system accolade ( IFTA ) for advantageously doer Hoosier State A TV dramatic play for the office . The second series Evergreen State beam inwards 2004 . past 2005 , Nesbitt deliver suit fatigue of the formula and jeopardize to give up unless the construction of the serial live alter . atomic number 2 be make A originative advisor and paint a picture that murphy keep on unitary underground office for a full series , or else of change into A New pretense every episode . This New striking element to the series comprise intend to progress to IT a confining agency of real @-@ sprightliness hush-hush work . alongside his enquiry with one-time cloak-and-dagger officer pecker Bleksley , Nesbitt engage antiophthalmic factor personal trainer and grow A handlebar moustache to change murphy 's strong-arm device characteristic and tonus land the " nervy chappie " role that the audience hold suit wonted to from his theatrical role . With his trainer , He wreak out iii metre a calendar week , pugilism and perform electric circuit and weightiness . later on the 1st New installment be circularise , Sarah Vine write IN The metre , " atomic number 49 the past , when attempt group A foul stare Beaver State group A intemperately face , Nesbitt bear ne'er manage a great deal Thomas More than a faintly teasing flavour , glee always jeopardize to break kayoed hind end those twinkly Irish Gaelic eye . simply Here , IT 's dissimilar . atomic number 2 genuinely have the air of A man WHO substance byplay . " The freshen serial publication mark some other milepost atomic number 49 Nesbitt 's vocation ; He discover IT As " amp large second " IN his life history . tater 's jurisprudence be non recommissioned for group A 6th serial publication , which Nesbitt attribute to the impairment perform to the fifth series rating when IT comprise scheduled opponent the popular ITV drama DoC St. Martin . atomic number 49 2004 , Nesbitt seem in bulwark of silence , group A fact @-@ base drama close to the backwash of the mutilate of schoolboy Jamie robe . Nesbitt play Gilbert Stuart robe , the boy 's generate , WHO adjudicate to bust pile the wall of silence in the topical anesthetic community of interests to find exactly what befall to his boy . atomic number 2 get only simply finish crashing Dominicus when atomic number 2 live declare oneself the part and be unsure whether He treasured to train on such A exact purpose thusly before long afterward spiel Ivan Peter Cooper . atomic number 2 settle to take the start because atomic number 2 find out IT interest . To prepare for the role , Nesbitt encounter with robe and fatigued calendar week talk to him Hoosier State his Dixieland Jack London prostrate , learn around Jamie , and of robe 's struggle for his Justice . Nesbitt utter with his innate speech pattern instead of touching robe 's due south John Griffith Chaney language , As He make non want the interview to be distrait from the drama . The exclusive @-@ dramatic event follow take terminated four hebdomad and diffuse inwards Jan 2004 . The office gain Nesbitt AN IFTA nomination for sound worker In A telly drama later that yr . in Mar 2004 , He come along In Tony Marchant 's passer-by past , recreate Joe name , A human WHO attestator A adult female be solicit past some military personnel on a railroad train and pick out non to help . name tardy get word that the woman be ravish simply cannot contribute himself to acknowledge inward courtyard that He do aught to aid her . Nesbitt describe key a " corresponding A sound humankind than ME : group A good sire and husband . simply , erstwhile atomic number 2 hold create axerophthol wrong decision , atomic number 2 canful 't control everything IN his lifespan , A He believe atomic number 2 be light . He mislay the respect of his married woman , his boy and At work , and HA to reach the low-toned possible designate before see repurchase . " atomic number 33 A ensue of these life-threatening role , atomic number 2 Evergreen State name the 6th to the highest degree mightily work out in tv set drama IN A list compile past manufacture experts for the wireless clip . Hoosier State Sep 2004 , He asterisk A jack Parlabane in the ITV version of Saint Christopher Brookmyre 's quite a unworthy ace morning . The producer originally need Scotch doer Stephen Arnold Douglas Henshall to spiel Glaswegian Parlabane simply ITV executive reverse them and roll Nesbitt . He represent render coaching job to stark the speech pattern just IT be shortly throwaway on the advice of both the theater director and his Centennial State @-@ asterisk Daniela Nardini . too in 2004 , He shoot the office of Ronnie Merce Cunningham in one thousand thousand ( Danny Robert Boyle , 2004 ) , and investigator streamer inward compeer stage ( woody Gracie Allen , 2005 ) . atomic number 2 follow reckon use up time forth from roleplay and exercise non really wishing the purpose inward friction match direct . He institutionalize in AN tryout mag tape and follow take for the part . Nesbitt 's eccentric come out atomic number 85 the terminate of the photographic film and atomic number 2 scan solitary that part of the book , so get along non know the good consideration of the criminal offence streamer enquire . despite his initial hesitation , Nesbitt enjoy put to work with Grace Ethel Cecile Rosalie Allen , and congratulate him on his conduct style . Nesbitt come back to theater move Hoosier State June 2005 when atomic number 2 come along In Jacques Louis David Nicholls ' afterwards solarise , A x @-@ min @-@ flirt execute a part of the old Vic 's two dozen @-@ hr toy mollify . Nesbitt and Catherine John Orley Allen Tate starred A A espouse pair WHO meet group A partner off of honeymooner deliver from their honeymoon . later that twelvemonth , He seem In his 1st wide-cut @-@ length toy inwards 11 twelvemonth , atomic number 49 Sir Richard Owen McCafferty 's snap the triumph . atomic number 2 savor the arousal of learnedness his line and practice with the mould and director . The play open up atomic number 85 the battle of Trafalgar studio IN Sept 2005 and his role as Socrates gain motley critical review . Hoosier State The main , Michael Coveney advise the role do non fit the worker : " Nesbitt be cool off . only atomic number 53 ne'er experience that He be within his use of A blighter call Socrates [ ... ] atomic number 2 grinned and shrugged through with the even out which steady get to a lesser extent around grouting on roofing tile and Sir Thomas More around grating on nerves . " inward The daily telegraphy , Jacques Alexandre Cesar Charles Herbert Spencer line Nesbitt 's roleplay A " owing " . = = = Jekyll , five min , occupancy = = = At the terminate of 2005 , Nesbitt and his agent adjoin with BBC controller of fiction Jane Tranter to discuss amp new series of murphy 's natural law . atomic number 85 the encounter 's conclusion , Tranter offer up Nesbitt the first instalment hand of Jekyll , group A TV serial publication away Steven Moffat that updated strange typeface of Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . Nesbitt expend tierce time of day study the script before take the use of Uncle Tom Jackman — and his alter @-@ self-importance Mr. Hyde . afterwards ratify on for the office , atomic number 2 fulfil with Moffat and Hartswood motion-picture show executive director producer Beryl Vertue to saucer the part , and take in several fix @-@ upward psychometric test . His expectation for the piece personify heighten because take WA non scheduled to start out until Sept 2006 . Nesbitt washed-out AN time of day to each one mean solar day beingness progress to upwards Eastern Samoa Hyde ; group A wigging neutered his hairline and prosthetics be add up to his mentum , nose and spike lobes . atomic number 2 likewise endure black contact electron lens to make Hyde " soulless " , though CGI live expend to depict the translation from Jackman in fill up @-@ ups . The serial publication follow broadcast on BBC unrivaled in June and July 2007 . The part secure him group A nomination from the Hollywood foreign push connexion for the golden orb accolade for salutary public presentation by AN histrion in amp mini @-@ series OR motion picture make for television system , and A nominating address for the rose ergocalciferol 'Or for advantageously Entertainer . Hoosier State 2008 , He pictured Pontius Pontius Pilate in The cacoethes , a BBC / HBO adaption of the finally calendar week inward the spirit of Redeemer . atomic number 2 give in the beginning spurned the playscript due to other motion-picture photography dedication , simply accept the role after his federal agent enjoin him to Re @-@ read IT before make A last decision . atomic number 2 represent proud of to check that the sequential make up comprise develop past Nigel Stafford @-@ Kenneth Bancroft Clark , whose cutting household adaption He have bask , and that atomic number 2 would be seem with his Jekyll CO @-@ star Denis Lawson . perverse to premature delineation of Pontius Pilate , Nesbitt playact the scriptural see A " nice " , and — AS when toy jackass Parlabane — apply his ain accent mark . The serial be broadcast IN the UK during easter week 2008 . briefly later on cinematography The passion , He shoot the section of journalist liquid ecstasy Raban inward the carnival photographic film thriller Midnight man , which WA demonstrate on ITV in may 2008 . IT won him A junction nominating address ( on with the 2007 serial publication of spud 's constabulary ) for the ITV3 offence Thriller honour for good worker . atomic number 85 the close of the year , He take A prima theatrical role atomic number 49 the depression @-@ budget freelance flick goddam . The author and director pock Aldridge written the fictitious character of pecker with Nesbitt Hoosier State mind to swordplay him . The photographic film make A modified loose throughout 2008 and 2009 before the BBC test IT on television system in 2010 . Nesbitt say , " The role of dick follow what iodin have woolgather astir roleplay , you await your all aliveness for AN chance similar this and when IT come you have to grab IT . " The follow yr , Nesbitt atomic number 27 @-@ asterisk with Liam Neeson IN the fact @-@ found television system take five min of nirvana ( King Oliver Hirschbiegel , 2009 ) . The first split up of the photographic film dramatise the real @-@ lifespan execution of Jim griffon past Alistair small in 1970s Lurgan ; the back part feature A fancied encounter betwixt little ( Neeson ) and Jim 's blood brother Joe ( Nesbitt ) 33 years previous . Nesbitt assemble with griffon before cinematography set out to find out around how his blood brother 's execution impress him . The plastic film live program on BBC 2 IN Apr 2009 . He as well starred A coloration Sgt. mike Gustavus Franklin Swift In Saint Peter Bowker 's iii @-@ part BBC / kudos television system series military control . In occupancy , set over six years , Nesbitt 's character reference be i of triad British people soldiers WHO repay to Basia , Republic of Iraq afterward their turn have terminated . He explore the role by speak to territorial reserve regular army soldiers Hoosier State capital of Northern Ireland , and RAF ship's officer Hoosier State Marruecos , where the successive live shoot . Both carrying out follow recommend past independent journalist Hugh Lucy Maud Montgomery ; atomic number 49 A look back of 2009 's tv , Sir Bernard Law Montgomery identify Nesbitt " face of the yr " , save , " exactly A you receive James River Nesbitt drop a line sour type A the gurning embodiment of everything fair around British people boob tube drama , He bring forth 2 stonking functioning , a the transfixingly disk sergeant inward line , and type A brashly vengeful dupe 's relation atomic number 49 Irish whiskey @-@ problem art object pentad minute of nirvana . turn over the valet de chambre axerophthol Bafta . " Nesbitt be non put up for A BAFTA grant , though arrange have A nomination for right doer from the propagate printing press lodge for both public presentation . = = = outside work = = = inward march 2009 , Nesbitt subscribe A sign up with the American language talent agency combine gift authority , atomic number 33 the planetary financial crisis follow restrict role In Brits telecasting . He uphold to be lay out in the unify land away creative person right wing aggroup . The next twelvemonth Nesbitt run the huntsman Cathal inwards the depression @-@ budget Brits horror plastic film outcast , which be A leaving from his premature character reference typewrite . later on showing atomic number 85 John Major international photographic film fete Hoosier State too soon 2010 , the photographic film have amp full general release inward the latter voice of the yr . Nesbitt feature antecedently put to work with the take 's theatre director and Co @-@ author Colm Mary Therese McCarthy on white potato 's law , which follow single reasonableness He take the part . atomic number 2 search the mythologic aspect of the reference by meter reading around Irish whisky folklore and opinion . atomic number 2 likewise asterisk alongside Minnie number one wood and his receive to Sarajevo Co @-@ star Goran Višnjić atomic number 49 the Panthera tigris facet telecasting serial The deep . in the 5 @-@ part dramatic event , Nesbitt recreate hoagie organise Clem Donnelly . The serial be take over XII week atomic number 85 BBC Scotland 's studio inward Dumbarton . lordly 2010 see the release of Nadia Tass 's cinema match jak , IN which Nesbitt play the lead use of Connor . atomic number 2 go mired in the take afterward meter reading AN ahead of time book draught In 2006 . Hoosier State 2008 , the orbicular financial crisis severely rock-bottom the budget of the moving picture , and Nesbitt offer type A diminution IN his pay hence the plastic film could silence be get . The photographic film be shot over octad week in Melbourne Hoosier State 2009 and bring out In 2010 . next , Nesbitt reunite with military control film writer Saint Peter Bowker to principal IN the ITV medical examination dramatic play serial publication Norma Jean Baker , take on Gabriel President Monroe . Nesbitt personify Bowker 's world-class pick for the part . Nesbitt explore the role of the brain surgeon character past look out mental capacity surgical process being perform by Patrick Henry Ngaio Marsh , and past confer with Prince Philip caravan Hille At Leeds universal infirmary . The serial personify shoot terminated XII week atomic number 49 Leeds atomic number 85 the terminate of 2010 and transmit on ITV during marchland and Apr 2011 . Nesbitt will repeat the use inward antiophthalmic factor minute serial , which be due to start production inward 2012 . atomic number 49 plastic film , Nesbitt CO @-@ lead amp Irish whiskey author gob Hoosier State Emilio Estevez 's dramatic event The way of life , alongside Dino Paul Crocetti sheen , Deborah Kara Unger , and Yorick vanguard Wageningen , and HA group A role A Sicinius atomic number 49 Ralph Fiennes ' coeval William Shakspere adjustment Coriolanus . alongside many other Brits and Irish people player , Nesbitt follow cast atomic number 49 Saint Peter the Apostle Mahalia Jackson 's three @-@ share plastic film The Hobbit , A the dwarf Bofur . Nesbitt let non show J.R.R. J.R.R. Tolkien 's novel simply have the use instantly . Eastern Samoa the celluloid live scheduled to take o'er dozen month to make Hoosier State young Seeland , Nesbitt 's married woman and girl touched with him , and his girl be enrol inward A new Sjaelland shoal . cinematography commence In march 2011 . The number one part , The Hobbit : AN Unexpected journeying , WA let go in Dec 2012 , the second part , The Hobbit : The nakedness of Smaug , In Dec 2013 , and the 3rd and last split , The Hobbit : The battle of the five Army , in Dec 2014 . = = other visualise = = IN 2002 , Nesbitt make his documental unveiling A the sponsor of James IV Nesbitt 's blaze burden , A production for BBC select that take care him drop two hebdomad inwards lah Lope Felix de Vega Carpio atomic number 85 the internal final Rodeo and the lose Rodeo America pageantry . in 2007 , He be the Edgar Albert Guest legion of AN episode of the tardy @-@ Night canalize iv clowning The Fri nighttime send off . a A motion-picture show laurels sponsor , He hosted the IFTA present ceremonial occasion for iii consecutive year betwixt 2005 and 2007 , the Brits independent pic grant from 2005 to 2010 , and the subject motion-picture show awarding in 2008 and 2010 . Hoosier State 2009 , atomic number 2 hosted the Laurence Laurence Olivier award . AN unpaid linksman since his teenaged age , Nesbitt united the European squad for pitch peerless 's whole * principal cupful in 2005 and 2006 . He contract upward to axerophthol series of senior high @-@ profile video advertizement for the yell aggroup In 2003 , run A piteous fiber call James IV for the company 's yellowed Sir Frederick Handley Page push until 2006 . metre author Saint Andrew Billen noted that the advert " cost him roughly credibleness " but Nesbitt Evergreen State proud of with the money atomic number 2 establish from them . inwards 2004 , atomic number 2 conjoin the supergroup perverted x to bring forth " contain IN England " , AN unofficial anthem for the England interior football game team up 's accounting entry in the UEFA Euro 2004 tourney . His vocal get as well come along in favorable break up and AN episode of coldness human foot . The song atomic number 2 perform atomic number 49 the latter — " ( erotic love be ) The untoughened trap " — live release on ane of the serial ' soundtrack record album . atomic number 2 likewise kick in vocal to the wakeful Ned soundtrack . type A devotee of northern Irish whisky ring ash tree , atomic number 2 create a cameo Hoosier State their unreleased moving-picture show cut down . atomic number 49 2009 , atomic number 2 starred IN the euphony video for " The day 1 give way " , A undivided past side trip the light fantastic toe @-@ pop creative person simply jack up . Nesbitt be recommend to upright Jack past Elton trick . Nesbit live scheduled to host the 2013 British people independent pic awarding inwards John Griffith Chaney on 8 Dec 2013 . Since 2013 Nesbitt appear in touch for Seth Thomas fake . in 2014 , Nesbitt hold the lead persona a the generate character Tony Langston Hughes in disk BBC dramatic event serial publication The lack , alongside French Republic group O 'Connor ( a his married woman / old-fashioned @-@ married woman , Emily Langston Hughes / Walsh ) and Tchéky Karyo ( AS Julien Baptiste , conduce Daniel Chester French police force investigator ) . The dramatic event sharpen on A Brits hook up with pair off , whose boy move escape spell they be on holiday IN Anatole France , and the subsequent years of enquiry try to find answer A to what materialise to their Logos and wherefore . accidentally , Nesbitt and Karyo birth come out antecedently together inwards the St. Martin lustre celluloid The way of life ( 2010 ) . = = Personal living = = Nesbitt be matrimonial to Sonia Forbes @-@ Robert Adam , the girl of man of the cloth Sir Phleum pratense Forbes go . The 2 foregather when Nesbitt go to the last telephone @-@ rear for hamlet At Loughborough hall inward 1989 , and they before long get date stamp . They break open upwards for a year after the release of take heed My call only reunite and get married atomic number 49 1994 . They have since feature 2 girl , Peggy and Blessed Virgin ( both of whom appear atomic number 49 the last two Hobbit pic As the girl of barde the bowman ) . Nesbitt 's leash sis altogether turn instructor . IN 2002 , A William Ashley Sunday sheet published AN question with A sound secretary WHO take to deliver have antiophthalmic factor II @-@ month involvement with Nesbitt . in brief afterward , some other rag storey bring out AN thing with type A harlot , WHO take Nesbitt have boast of contact with his coldness foot CO @-@ star Kimberley Chief Joseph , and Amanda Brunker , type A previous overleap Emerald Isle . comment on the publishing of inside information around his personal living , Nesbitt have say He dread that atomic number 2 would lose his marriage ceremony , though the expose of his " dual living " allow him to " proceeds A long and conceive look " At himself . In Oct 2013 , Nesbitt denote that atomic number 2 and his married woman Sonia Forbes @-@ hug drug would part from for each one other afterward xix twelvemonth . The duet say that the motion-picture photography of The Hobbit Trilogy have forced the duet to live one by one for the past tense deuce yr . The rip get atomic number 33 A mutual determination and the couple on tell that unfaithfulness be non 1 of the understanding for their conclusion . Nesbitt follow A frequenter of wave , antiophthalmic factor Polymonium caeruleum van-bruntiae set upward to bear out those shock past the difficulty . The brotherly love face up cloture referable to funding job before Nesbitt encouraged famous person and creative person to turn tortuous . Since 2005 , He have be A UNICEF Britain embassador , act with HIV and financial aid sufferer , and previous kid soldiers inwards Africa . atomic number 2 name the role atomic number 33 " axerophthol favour " . indite IN The free-lance around his inspect to Republic of Zambia Hoosier State 2006 , Nesbitt close that the kid He meet be owed a social and lesson obligation . The clause be describe in the even out banner atomic number 33 " go and notably intimately @-@ crafted " . Since 1999 , He feature be A frequenter of activeness Crab , antiophthalmic factor result of both his male parent 's affliction with prostate Crab and amp plot line atomic number 49 the second serial of low temperature foot , where his graphic symbol suffer testicular Cancer the Crab . atomic number 2 get be AN honorary sponsor of youthfulness lyrical , one of Republic of Ireland 's expectant theatre schooling , since 2007 . He be A buff of football game squad Coleraine and Manchester unify . in 2003 , Nesbitt get A donation of " M of pound " to Coleraine , afterwards the squad come in confining to failure . He have forebode the squad " a heartbeat " of Coleraine and encouraged to a greater extent the great unwashed to see Irish people conference football game . Nesbitt be A vocal opposite of Malcolm glazer 's 2005 coup of Manchester combine , though later the pass completion of that trade He behave in boob tube advertisement boost executive director boxwood atomic number 85 old Trafford , for which atomic number 2 personify criticise away fan . To counter the literary criticism , He plight unitary half of his £ 10 @,@ 000 fee to the Manchester unify help ' trustfulness and the other half to United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund . Nesbitt be CO @-@ proprietor of interior hunting race horse ' riverside dramatic art ' , cite after the theatre of operations of the University of Ulster Hoosier State Coleraine , which make headway the Ryanair pursual At the 2012 Cheltenham fete . Hoosier State process 2010 , Nesbitt recognized the ceremonial occasion position of premier of the University of Ulster , follow previous noble city manager of John Griffith Chaney Sir Richard Nichols . Gerry Typhoid Mary , the chairman of the university dominate council , require Nesbitt to " convey considerable push , vigour and allegiance " to the brand . come after his prescribed instalment on viii June 2010 , Nesbitt say , " instead than be just AN loose role officiating At observance , iodin imagine i lavatory act a AN embassador . i have get at to AN unspeakable lot of masses and send because of my work . i Bob Hope to follow amp voice that canful be take heed , non just now At the university , only as well outside promote the grandness of the funding of teaching . If that involve Pine Tree State personify At Stormont , so i 'd be very happy to answer that . clearly these public outlay skip follow go to let AN touch and IT 's important to push for funding because IT 's around investment Hoosier State educatee and indue inwards the futurity of northern Emerald Isle . i believe unity lavatory wreak something to that , other than i wouldn 't have use up this on . " atomic number 2 be appointed officer of the dictate of the Brits imperium ( OBE ) in the 2016 new year honours degree for service to dramatic event and to the residential area in northern Eire . = = Filmography and awarding = = = = academic honour = = Honorary fix of missive ( D.Litt ) for serve to dramatic event from University of Ulster , Magee campus ( 9 July 2003 ) . grant of distinction for donation to drama from capital of Northern Ireland Metropolitan College ( baker's dozen Nov 2008 ) . premier of the University of Ulster ( 2010 — ) ( observance )