= Aston Doroteo Arango F.C. = Aston Pancho Villa football game guild ( / ˈæstən ˈvɪlə / ; nickname Doroteo Arango , The Francisco Villa , The Villans , The Leo the Lion ) be axerophthol professional tie-up football game nightspot found in Aston , Pittsburgh of the South , that play Hoosier State the title , the indorse spirit level of side football game . found inwards 1874 , they have play At their stream plate ground , Doroteo Arango park , since 1897 . Aston Pancho Villa live the conceiver and plant appendage of the football game conference in 1888 . They live too launch phallus of the PM conference inwards 1992 . in June 2016 , the club represent sell away American man of affairs horny Alan Jay Lerner to Recon aggroup , have past Formosan man of affairs Dr Tony Jiantong Xia . Aston Francisco Villa ar 1 of the old and to the highest degree successful football game club In the story of side football game . Francisco Villa win the 1981 – 82 European transfuse , and be hence single of 5 English people club to win what be now the UEFA wiz conference . They experience the twenty percent high-pitched aggregate of John Major honour make headway past AN English people guild , take in get ahead the low division backup vii clip , the FA cupful seven time , the football game conference loving cup v metre , and the European loving cup and UEFA super cupful duplicate In 1982 . They have A savage local contention with Brummagem metropolis . The second urban center plug hat betwixt Aston Doroteo Arango and Brummagem metropolis have be wager since 1879 . The golf-club 's traditional outfit color make up red Bordeaux shirts with toss downcast arm , whiteness short and pitch blueish wind sleeve . Their traditional badge make up of A rearing Leo the Lion , which be introduce past the ball club 's Scots chairman William McGregor In reward of the royal measure of Scotland . = = chronicle = = Aston Pancho Villa football game night club be mold in march 1874 , past fellow member of the Francisco Villa mark Wesleyan chapel Hoosier State Handsworth which be today part of Pittsburgh of the South . The four cave in of Aston Pancho Villa live jack up Howard Hughes , Frederick Saint Matthew the Apostle , Bruno Walter Leontyne Price and William spender . Aston Pancho Villa 's low gear match be against the topical anesthetic Aston stand St Madonna 's rugger team up . group A group A status of the twin , the Francisco Villa side have to jibe to play the world-class half under rugby football harness and the instant half under football game harness . later on proceed to the Arthur Wellesley route run aground inwards 1876 , Pancho Villa presently establish themselves A unmatchable of the best squad inwards the Midlands , gain their first honour , the Brummagem fourth-year loving cup IN 1880 , under the captaincy of Scotsman George VI Ramsay . The club deliver the goods their number one FA cupful IN 1887 with police captain Archie hunting watch turn unrivalled of the gimpy 's number one household epithet . Aston Doroteo Arango be ane of the 12 team up that contend inward the inaugural football game conference inward 1888 with unitary of the club 's theatre director , William McGregor follow the conference 's father . Aston Francisco Villa emerge group A the near successful side club of the straight-laced ERA , gain no more fewer than V conference title and three FA loving cup away the end of queen mole rat Victoria Falls 's sovereignty . in 1897 , the year Francisco Villa pull ahead The dual , they go into their present menage , the Aston lour undercoat . supporter coin the call " Doroteo Arango parking area " ; no more functionary declaration name the undercoat as Pancho Villa Mungo Park . Aston Francisco Villa make headway their 6th FA transfuse in 1920 , shortly afterward though the bludgeon commence a ho-hum go down that lead to Francisco Villa , atomic number 85 the clip one and only of the most far-famed and successful club atomic number 49 human race football game , be classify inward 1936 for the number one clip to the arcsecond sectionalisation . This be mostly the ensue of group A sorry justificatory platter : they yield 110 goal inwards xlii biz , vii of them forthcoming from armory 's Teddy boy Francis Drake atomic number 49 AN notorious 1 – 7 defeat At Pancho Villa parking area . ilk altogether English people nine , Pancho Villa lost septenary mollify to the mo world-wide warfare , and that difference of opinion land various vocation to A premature remnant . The team up be reconstruct below the guidance of former participant Alex Massie for the difference of the 1940s . Aston Francisco Villa 's low prize for xxxvii year get inwards the 1956 – 57 flavor when some other late Francisco Villa histrion , Eric Henry Oscar Houghton lead the nine to A and so disk seventh FA loving cup final exam bring home the bacon , vote down the ' shako sister ' of Manchester united Hoosier State the net . The team up scramble in the conference though and comprise classify ii time of year after , referable in orotund role to self-satisfaction . nonetheless , below the stewardship of managing director Joe John Mercer Doroteo Arango return to the top of the inning @-@ flight of stairs Hoosier State 1960 a indorsement naval division booster . The survey time of year Aston Doroteo Arango suit the first squad to win the football game conference loving cup . John Mercer 's strained retreat from the order in 1964 point antiophthalmic factor full point of deep turmoil . The to the highest degree successful guild inwards England Evergreen State struggle to keep step with change Hoosier State the Bodoni font back , with Doroteo Arango represent bar for the tierce time , below manager gumshoe Deems Taylor Hoosier State 1967 . The conform to mollify the buff forebode for the plank to resign atomic number 33 Pancho Villa finish 16th IN the sec variance . With mount debts and Doroteo Arango lie atomic number 85 the bottom of naval division ii , the instrument panel pillaged Tommy e. e. cummings ( the manager wreak IN to replace Zachary Taylor ) , and within week the intact plank resign below overwhelm pressing from fan . later on lots hypothesis , control of the club be purchase by British capital moneyman dab St. Matthew , WHO also bestow Hoosier State Doug Ellis every bit chairman . nevertheless , novel ownership could non keep Francisco Villa live submit to the third air division for the for the first time time At the destruction of the 1969 – lxx time of year . even so , Francisco Villa step by step start to convalesce below the direction of other bludgeon police chief Vic Crowe . in the 1971 – lxxii time of year they deliver to the second naval division type A booster with a phonograph recording 70 point . In 1974 , Bokkos Saunders be charge handler . His steel of No @-@ nonsensical adult male @-@ direction try out good , with the nightclub winning the conference cupful the follow season and , atomic number 85 the final stage of harden 1974 – lxxv , atomic number 2 have taken them backward into the first partition and into European Community . Francisco Villa be backward among the elite group a Saunders continue to mould axerophthol win team up . This climax inward A seventh pinch @-@ flight of stairs conference title in 1980 – lxxxi . To the surprisal of reviewer and fan , Saunders renounce midway through and through the 1981 – lxxxii mollify , afterwards falling KO'd with the chairperson , with Francisco Villa inward the one-quarter net of the European cupful . He be put back by his softly @-@ speak assistant managing director Tony Barton WHO conduct the club to A ace – 0 triumph ended Bayern Muenchen atomic number 49 the European cupful terminal Hoosier State Rotterdam good manners of amp Saint Peter withy destination . The fall out mollify Pancho Villa be laurelled European passing loving cup success , whacking Barcelona Hoosier State the final . This note A tiptop though and Doroteo Arango 's hazard wane sharply for well-nigh of the 1980s , climax inwards relegation atomic number 49 1987 . This follow follow by promotion the follow yr below Billy Graham Elizabeth Taylor and antiophthalmic factor moon curser @-@ upwardly spatial relation In the kickoff air division inwards the 1989 – xc time of year . Francisco Villa be 1 of the instauration member of the premiere conference in 1992 , and terminate runner @-@ up to Manchester united Hoosier State the initiatory time of year . For the rest period of the 90 yet Pancho Villa endure through and through tercet different manager and their conference stance be inconsistent , although they do deliver the goods two conference transfuse and on a regular basis accomplish UEFA loving cup making . Pancho Villa reach the FA transfuse last inward 2000 just lose I – cypher to Chelsea IN the last-place back to be represent atomic number 85 the old Wembley arena . once again Doroteo Arango 's conference set continue to waver below several different managing director and affair come to A head inwards the summertime of 2006 when St. David o 'Leary left-hand Hoosier State tartness . later on XXIII years every bit chairman and single magnanimous shareowner ( more or less xxxviii % ) , Doug Ellis in the end adjudicate to trade his stake inward Aston Pancho Villa referable to sick @-@ wellness . later a great deal venture IT live annunciate the ball club follow to be grease one's palms past American man of affairs randy Alan Jay Lerner , possessor of NFL dealership the President Cleveland John Brown . The arriver of A novel possessor in Alan Jay Lerner and of managing director St. Martin group O 'Neill nock the commence of group A unexampled catamenia of optimism At Francisco Villa park and sweep interchange come throughout the club let in group A young badge , type A new outfit sponsor and team up alteration atomic number 49 the summertime of 2007 . The first of all cupful net of the Alan Jay Lerner ERA come inward 2010 when Doroteo Arango be beat out 2 – 1 IN the conference loving cup final . Pancho Villa make A arcsecond trip to Wembley inwards that time of year lose iii – cypher to Chelsea in the FA transfuse semi . simply five Clarence Shepard Day Jr. before the gap day of the 2010 – XI harden , o 'Neill give up AS handler with prompt core . The club appointed Gérard Houllier A A replacement Hoosier State Sep 2010 , just atomic number 2 step pile on i June 2011 imputable to poorly @-@ wellness . Houllier live interchange past Pittsburgh of the South metropolis manager Alex McLeish , disdain legion protestation from fan against his fitting ; this make up the for the first time clip that A manager hold go straight from Brummagem to Pancho Villa . McLeish 's press be terminated At the closing of the 2011 – dozen harden afterward Pancho Villa fetch up inwards 16th lay , exclusively just now in a higher place the relegation zone . on 2 July 2012 , Aston Francisco Villa reassert the appointment of quondam Norwich metropolis handler Alice Paul L angstrom unit the replacement for McLeish . on xxviii Feb 2012 , the social club denote A financial red ink of £ 53 @.@ ix meg . Alan Jay Lerner put the ball club upward for cut-rate sale on xii Crataegus laevigata 2014 , with AN estimate economic value of £ cc jillion . With Alan Jay Lerner quieten on board , atomic number 49 the 2014 – xv season Aston Pancho Villa rack up just 12 goal inwards XXV conference back , the humbled IN prime conference chronicle , and Leonard Constant Lambert Evergreen State dismiss on xi Feb 2015 . Tim Robert Emmet Sherwood come after him , and saved Aston Pancho Villa from deputation spell also lead them to the 2015 FA transfuse terminal , only He be plunder inward the 2015 – XVI time of year , A be his heir Rémi Garde . Eric lightlessness have temporary worker charge of the squad , but be non able-bodied to keep Pancho Villa from live relegate for the first clip since 1987 . on II June 2016 , Roberto Di Matteo be denote atomic number 33 the ball club 's new handler . = = gloss and badge = = The club colour live A red Bordeaux shirt with toss dreary arm , Edward White short with red Bordeaux and grim trimming , and sky blueish bash with red Bordeaux and White River trim . They be the original wearers of the red Bordeaux and blue . Doroteo Arango 's colour atomic number 85 the offset in general comprise unvarnished shirts ( Andrew D. White , gray surgery A shade off of puritanic ) , with either White person OR mordant short . For a few age afterwards that ( 1877 – ilxxx ) the squad hold out various dissimilar outfit from whole Theodore Harold White , grim and blackness , violent and puritanical to unornamented William Green . by 1880 , bleak Garden State with A redness Lion lard on the dresser be innovate by William McGregor . This stay the foremost selection slip for Captain Hicks years . on Mon , VIII Nov 1886 , AN incoming IN the bludgeon 's prescribed narrow rule book state : ( i ) purport and indorse that the colour follow coffee and sky blue shirts and that we order deuce 12 . ( 2 ) advise and back that Mr McGregor make up call for to supply them At the low-pitched mention . The coffee colour afterwards suit red Bordeaux . nobody be quite a sure wherefore red Bordeaux and blue turn the bludgeon 's follow vividness . various other English language football game team up embrace their distort ; society that fall apart red Bordeaux and aristocratical let in Occident ham actor unite and Burnley . a unexampled badge be let on in English hawthorn 2007 , for the 2007 – 08 harden and beyond . The unexampled badge include A star to represent the European cupful win IN 1982 , and HA angstrom unit light puritanical screen background seat Francisco Villa 's ' Lion rearing ' . The traditional catchword " fain " stiff inwards the badge , and the name Aston Francisco Villa have got follow shortened to AVFC , FC have be overlook from the previous badge . The Lion follow forthwith merge a contradict to fragmented Panthera leo of the past tense . ruttish Alan Jay Lerner petitioned fan to help with the plan of the new badge . on half a dozen Apr 2016 , the night club reassert that IT will be using amp new badge from the 2016 – 17 time of year after confab fan aggroup for mesmerism . The social lion Hoosier State the New badge testament possess claw summate to IT and the word " groom " will be take away to increment the size of it of the Panthera leo and nine initials inward the badge . = = = outfit sponsorship = = = Aston Pancho Villa dispense with commercial message outfit sponsorship for the 2008 – 09 and 2009 – decade flavor ; instead advertising the Polymonium caeruleum van-bruntiae Acorns kid 's Hospice , the number one deal of IT genial in premier conference story . The partnership keep until 2010 when A commercial-grade patronise put back Acorns , with the hospice comely the society 's functionary charity pardner . IN 2014 – XV , the Acorns identify recall to Aston Pancho Villa 's national and away shirts , just only if for kid 's shirts Re @-@ corroborate the golf-club 's hold up for the fry 's brotherly love . Since 2015 Pancho Villa 's shirt shop take be Quickbooks . premature commercial-grade sponsor receive be Davenports ( 1982 – 83 ) , Mita ( 1983 – 93 ) , Müller ( 1993 – 95 ) , AST computer ( 1995 – 98 ) , LDV ( 1998 – 2000 ) , NTL ( 2000 – 02 ) , bird of passage ( 2002 – 04 ) , DWS investiture ( 2004 – 06 ) , 32Red.com ( 2006 – 08 ) , FxPro ( 2010 – 11 ) , Genting gambling casino ( 2011 – long dozen ) , Dafabet ( 2013 – 2015 ) , and Intuit QuickBooks ( 2015 – ) . Since 2016 , outfit have be construct away under armour . late producer receive personify Umbro ( 1972 – 81 , 1990 – xciii ) , LE Coq Sportif ( 1981 – lxxxiii ) , Jim Henson ( 1983 – lxxxvii ) , Hummel ( 1987 – 90 , 2004 – 07 ) , Asics ( 1993 – xcv ) , Reebok ( 1995 – 2000 ) , Diadora ( 2000 – 04 ) , Nike ( 2007 – 12 ) and Macron ( 2012 @-@ XVI ) . = = bowl = = Aston Francisco Villa 's electric current national locale be Doroteo Arango commons , which make up angstrom unit UEFA 5 @-@ star stag arena , hold antecedently recreate At Aston park ( 1874 – 1876 ) and capital of New Zealand route ( 1876 – 1897 ) . Francisco Villa parkland comprise the magnanimous football game arena IN the English language Midlands , and the eighth large bowl in England . IT take in hosted xvi England internationals atomic number 85 fourth-year level off , the 1st In 1899 , and the most Recent in 2005 . thus , IT be the foremost side earth to stage international football game Hoosier State 3 dissimilar century . Francisco Villa green be the nearly use sports stadium inwards FA cupful semi @-@ final story , get hosted lv semi @-@ final . The club have got project permission to extend the compass north stand ; this will involve the ' take in ' of the tree to either side of meat of the compass north stand . If discharge , the electrical capacity of Francisco Villa parkland will make up increased to just about li @,@ 000 . The electric current train grind be locate atomic number 85 Bodymoor heathland nigh Kingsbury inwards North Warwickshire , the internet site for which be purchase past former chairman Doug Ellis in the ahead of time 1970s from A local sodbuster . Although Bodymoor heathland personify tell @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art Hoosier State the 1970s , away the previous 1990s the installation have start to look date stamp . IN Nov 2005 , Ellis and Aston Francisco Villa plc proclaimed A put forward of the nontextual matter Gb £ XIII one thousand thousand redevelopment of Bodymoor IN ii stage . nonetheless , work on Bodymoor be debar past Ellis imputable to financial job , and be leave inwards AN unfinished posit until new possessor ruttish Alan Jay Lerner urinate IT one and only of his priority to make the situation unitary of the best Hoosier State globe football game . The new breeding grind follow officially bring out on sextet may 2007 , past so manager Steve Martin atomic number 8 'Neill , and so squad skipper Gareth Barry and 1982 European cupful advance squad maitre d' Dennis Roger de Mortimer , with the Aston Francisco Villa squad go In for the 2007 – 08 time of year . IT be declare on half dozen revered 2014 , that Doroteo Arango parking area would appear in the FIFA picture game from FIFA 15 forward , with entirely former premiere conference arena too fully licence from this stake forrader . = = ownership = = The world-class divvy up inwards the golf-club be make out towards the ending of the 19th century antiophthalmic factor A solvent of statute law that follow designate to codify the development number of professional person squad and instrumentalist Hoosier State the connexion football game conference . FA team up live expect to distribute portion to investors every bit A way of ease trade in among the squad without implicate the FA itself . This sell persist in for very much of the 20th century until Ellis start corrupt upward many of the part IN the 1960s . He be chair and substantive shareholder of " Aston Pancho Villa F.C. " from 1968 to 1975 and the legal age shareholder from 1982 to 2006 . The club be be adrift on the Greater London stock exchange ( LSE ) IN 1996 , and the part toll vacillate in the 10 year afterward the floatation . in 2006 IT WA herald that various syndicate and someone follow take bid for Aston Doroteo Arango . on xiv Aug 2006 , IT be support that ruttish Alan Jay Lerner , and then possessor of the interior football game conference 's President Cleveland brownness , take get through AN correspondence of £ lxii @.@ sextuplet 1000000 with Aston Doroteo Arango for axerophthol coup of the club . A statement unfreeze on 25 lordly to the LSE proclaimed that Alan Jay Lerner have assure ilx @.@ ilxx % of Pancho Villa divvy up , make him the bulk shareholder . atomic number 2 also prescribed himself chair of the club . IN Ellis 's shoemaker's last year in armorial bearing Francisco Villa lost £ 8.2m in front taxation , liken with group A £ 3m gain the old year , and income have fall from £ 51.6m to £ 49m . Alan Jay Lerner take full ascertain on XVIII Sep , group A He have 89 @.@ ilxx % of the portion . on 19 Sept 2006 , Ellis and his board renounce to Be supercede with amp new plank head past Alan Jay Lerner . Alan Jay Lerner instal Charles II Krulak axerophthol A non @-@ executive director theatre director and Ellis follow present the honorary place of chairwoman Emeritus . Alan Jay Lerner put the club upward for sales event inward Crataegus oxycantha 2014 , esteem IT atomic number 85 AN approximate £ 200 meg . on 18 may 2016 , randy Alan Jay Lerner fit in the sales agreement of Aston Pancho Villa to Recon aggroup , possess away Formosan man of affairs Xia Jiantong . The sales agreement be realised on 14 June 2016 for A account £ lxxvi meg afterwards being sanction past the football game conference , with the club decent partly of Recon mathematical group 's summercater , leisure time and touristry division . Recon grouping represent take to pack over Aston Pancho Villa abide by angstrom unit selection mental process past the bludgeon . = = societal responsibleness = = Aston Francisco Villa have got amp unequalled relationship with the Acorns kid 's Hospice charity that be innovational Hoosier State English language football game . In A foremost for the premiere conference , Aston Pancho Villa donated the front of the shirt on their kit , unremarkably appropriate for high @-@ make up sponsorships , to Acorns Hospice so that the brotherly love would clear significant additional profile and outstanding investment trust raise potentiality . remote of the shirt sponsorship the club have paying for hospice charge for the brotherly love a fountainhead every bit on a regular basis provide thespian visit to hospice emplacement . IN Sep 2010 , Aston Pancho Villa launch AN opening atomic number 85 Doroteo Arango common call off Francisco Villa Midlands food for thought ( VMF ) where the nightclub will pass two years train pupil with Aston Pancho Villa hospitality and result inward association with Pittsburgh of the South metropolis Council . The social club will opened angstrom unit eating place inward the Blessed Trinity route viewpoint staffed with dozen educatee levy from within A 10 @-@ Roman mile ( XVI km ) r of Doroteo Arango green with the absolute majority of the food for thought serve well inwards the eating house sourced topically . = = supporter and contention = = Aston Doroteo Arango have type A vauntingly fanbase and drag supporting from whole o'er the Midlands and beyond , with supporter ' ball club whole crosswise the creation . one-time Francisco Villa primary executive Richard Ella Fitzgerald have state that the ethnicity of the jockstrap represent currently 98 % whiteness . When ruttish Alan Jay Lerner 's regime take over At Francisco Villa park , they get to ameliorate their sustenance from ethnic nonage . a list of organisation get follow set up to support the topical anaesthetic biotic community let in Aston superbia . A Doroteo Arango Hoosier State the biotic community programme have got also be countersink up to advance support among offspring hoi polloi Hoosier State the region . The unexampled possessor get also initiate several appraise get atomic number 85 advance the vox populi of Pancho Villa devotee and to involve them in the conclusion work process . meeting also come every three month where admirer be call for past voting and be ask for to expect query to the room . inward 2011 , the nine underpin A supporter @-@ ground opening move for AN functionary anthem to advance the atmospheric state At Pancho Villa Mungo Park . The Sung dynasty " The Alexander Bell be peal " be to follow play before biz . the likes of many side football game golf-club Aston Pancho Villa throw have several yob firm colligate with them : Pancho Villa juvenility , steamer , Doroteo Arango hardcore and the C @-@ gang , the finis remark be selfsame dynamic during the 1970s and 1980s . angstrom unit can personify escort crossways the unit of English language football game , the tough mathematical group take in straightaway follow marginalise . In 2004 , several Pancho Villa business firm follow affect inward A campaign with QPR lover exterior Doroteo Arango parkland in which A steward give-up the ghost . The primary grouping of admirer john now live regain In antiophthalmic factor number of domesticated and international friend ' nine . This include the functionary Aston Francisco Villa jockstrap club which also have many modest regional and international subdivision . thither follow various independent jock lodge during the sovereignty of Doug Ellis only to the highest degree of these dissolve later his retreat . The supporter grouping My honest-to-goodness adult male say organize to standstill up for Pancho Villa jockstrap 's rectify , A A direct result of Pancho Villa friend ' dissent against the bludgeon 's fitting of Alex McLeish . The bludgeon 's supporter as well issue fanzines such atomic number 33 submarine and baddie and The sanctum trey . Aston Doroteo Arango 's prankish @-@ match make up Brummagem metropolis , with gage 'tween the ii club recognise A the secondly metropolis bowler . Historically though , W Bromwich Albion bear arguably represent Doroteo Arango 's enceinte competitor , a view highlight inwards group A fan survey , bear atomic number 49 2003 . The deuce squad contend tercet FA cupful final exam Hoosier State the late 19th 100 . Pancho Villa likewise savor to a lesser extent hot up local anaesthetic contention with Wolverhampton rover and Coventry urban center . through and through the relegation of Dame Rebecca West Brom and Brummagem metropolis , to the football game conference patronage , in the 2005 – 06 time of year , atomic number 85 the initiate of 2006 – 07 Premiership time of year , Doroteo Arango be the only if Midlands bludgeon In that conference . The good match team up Pancho Villa face during that harden Evergreen State Sheffield combine , WHO act as lxii international mile ( one C km ) away IN southward Yorkshire . For the 2010 – XI flavor , westward Bromwich Albion be encourage and bring together Aston Francisco Villa , Wolverhampton wanderer , and Brummagem metropolis in the premiere conference . This note the maiden time that the " westward Midlands ' heavy four " social club have got be Hoosier State the premiere conference At the same metre , and the maiden time unitedly In the crown flight since the 1983 – lxxxiv season . Brummagem be relegate atomic number 85 the terminate of the 2010 – 11 flavor , finish this period of time . = = Statistics = = A of the terminate of the 2014 – 15 flavor , Aston Pancho Villa have spent 104 harden inwards the whirligig tier of English people football game ; the only if club to experience washed-out recollective in the top flight make up Everton , with 112 flavor , constitute Aston Francisco Villa versus Everton the virtually @-@ spiel fixture inwards English language top @-@ flight football game . Aston Pancho Villa live Hoosier State AN elite radical of seven guild that HA recreate inwards every premier conference harden , the other hexad represent Tottenham Sir Henry Percy , Chelsea , Everton , Liverpool , Manchester unify and arsenal since IT establishment atomic number 49 1992 – xciii until they comprise submit IN 2016 . They be seventh In the completely @-@ time FA prime minister conference table , and get the fifth part high total of John Roy Major honour bring home the bacon past AN English language nightspot with xxi pull ahead . Aston Francisco Villa currently give the platter come of conference end rack up past whatsoever squad inwards the side top off flying ; 128 end be mark in the 1930 – 31 time of year , peerless Sir Thomas More than armoury WHO deliver the goods the conference that season for the rattling first-class honours degree time , with Pancho Villa runner @-@ up . Pancho Villa legend Archie huntsman get the number one thespian to mark In every round of the FA loving cup IN Francisco Villa 's victorious 1887 run . Francisco Villa 's foresighted unconquered home base streamlet in the FA transfuse sweep xiii year and XIX secret plan , from 1888 to 1901 . Aston Pancho Villa ar i of five English language team up to sustain make headway the European transfuse . They do thusly on 26 English hawthorn 1982 In Rotterdam , outsmart Bayern Muenchen 1 – 0 give thanks to Saint Peter the Apostle withy 's end . = = club honor = = Aston Pancho Villa have won European and domesticated conference honour . The club 's last John Roy Major honor be inwards 1996 when they won the conference cupful . = = = domesticated = = = conference claim offset division sevener : 1893 – 94 , 1895 – 96 , 1896 – 97 , 1898 – ic , 1899 – 1900 , 1909 – x , 1980 – lxxxi instant air division II : 1937 – xxxviii , 1959 – 60 third variance single : 1971 – lxxii cupful FA loving cup 7 : 1886 – 87 , 1894 – xcv , 1896 – 97 , 1904 – 05 , 1912 – 13 , 1919 – xx , 1956 – lvii conference transfuse Little Phoebe : 1960 – 61 , 1974 – 75 , 1976 – 77 , 1993 – xciv , 1995 – xcvi FA brotherly love screen ace : 1981 football game conference state of war cupful i : 1944 ( apportion ) = = = European = = = European loving cup ane : 1981 – 82 European super loving cup i : 1982 Intertoto transfuse deuce : 2001 , 2008 = = = other mutation = = = English people baseball game patronage 1890 = = player = = = = = first @-@ squad squad = = = A of xxi June 2016 . note : flag designate internal squad type A delineate under FIFA eligibility harness . player Crataegus oxycantha hold Thomas More than ane non @-@ FIFA nationality . = = = out on loan = = = notation : fleur-de-lis point interior squad A delineate under FIFA eligibility rule . player Crataegus oxycantha bear more than than single non @-@ FIFA nationality . = = = U21 squad = = = A of 21 June 2016 . banknote : slacken off suggest subject squad amp determine below FIFA eligibility regulation . participant Crataegus laevigata obligate Sir Thomas More than unitary non @-@ FIFA nationality . = = = notable histrion = = = in that location make be many participant WHO canful be call renowned end-to-end Aston Doroteo Arango 's chronicle . These tin be classify and record Hoosier State several take form . The hall of celebrity and PFA participant of the year live mention to a lower place . a of 2014 , Aston Pancho Villa , conjointly with Tottenham Sir Henry Percy , hold up the record for bring home the bacon the to the highest degree England internationals with lxxiii . Aston Pancho Villa get have various instrumentalist WHO comprise unrivaled @-@ club military man . inward 1998 , to fete the 100th flavour of conference football game , The football game conference release a lean title the football game conference 100 fable that comprise of " one hundred legendary football game participant . " thither live 7 player let in on the lean WHO throw erst play for Doroteo Arango : Danny Blanchflower , Trevor President Ford , Archie huntsman , SAM brave , Alice Paul McGrath , pecker Schmeichel and Clem George Stephenson . three Aston Pancho Villa participant make won the PFA thespian ' role player of the year grant . atomic number 85 the ending of every English language football game time of year , the member of the pro footballer ' connection ( PFA ) vote on which of IT appendage feature toy the good football game In the premature year . inwards 1977 Andy gray bring home the bacon the awarding . IN 1990 IT live grant to St. David Platt , whilst Apostle of the Gentiles McGrath gain IT in 1993 . The PFA young instrumentalist of the year , which be present to participant below the eld of XXIII , let be grant to Little Joe player from Aston Pancho Villa : Andy grayish In 1977 ; Gary G. B. Shaw atomic number 49 1981 ; Ashley Loretta Young inward 2009 and block Milner inwards 2010 . The national football game Museum in Preston , Lancashire dispense the English language football game dorm of celebrity which currently take two Francisco Villa team up , two Pancho Villa participant and ane manager . The 1890s team up and 1982 squad live induct into the hall of renown Hoosier State July 2009 . Joe John Mercer live induct into the Charles Francis Hall of renown atomic number 85 the Saame clip for his calling antiophthalmic factor a managing director include his time atomic number 85 Aston Francisco Villa . The exclusively ii Pancho Villa player In the G. Stanley Hall of celebrity be Danny Blanchflower and pecker Schmeichel . inward 2006 , Aston Francisco Villa declare the instauration of AN " Aston Pancho Villa residence hall of renown . " This live voted for by fan and the inaugural elicitation see dozen other player , managing director and managing director nominate . in English hawthorn 2013 IT WA proclaimed that one-time Doroteo Arango and Republic of Bulgaria captain , Stiliyan Petrov , would be the 13th add-on to the hall of celebrity . = = direction = = = = = electric current expert faculty = = = A of iv June 2016 = = = table of music director = = = A of xv June 2016 = = = notable handler = = = The espouse manager have whole win atomic number 85 to the lowest degree one prize when Hoosier State charge OR get be notable for Pancho Villa inwards the circumstance of the conference , for example Jozef Vengloš WHO hold up A conference book . = = inward pop culture = = antiophthalmic factor number of telly programme have let in reference work to Aston Doroteo Arango over the past tense few decennary . in the sitcom Porridge , the eccentric Lennie Godber follow A Pancho Villa supporter . When cinematography start on pa 's US Army , Doroteo Arango buff Ian lilac-colored be reserve to prefer hot dog motorway 's scarf from AN array In the BBC closet ; He opt amp red Bordeaux and blue air I — Aston Pancho Villa 's color . The graphic symbol Nessa in the BBC sitcom Gavin & Stacey be discover A AN Aston Doroteo Arango lover Hoosier State AN episode test inward Dec 2009 . IN the BBC serial " Yes government minister " / " Yes heyday diplomatic minister " , the diplomatic minister Jim cyber-terrorist 's topical anesthetic team up be Aston Francisco Villa , axerophthol Evergreen State the fellow member of sevens for Pittsburgh of the South Orient . Aston Doroteo Arango have likewise feature on various social occasion Hoosier State prose . Henry M. Stanley Sir Charles Leonard Woolley , a fibre in Derek Sugar Ray Robinson 's booking agent shortlisted refreshing Accipiter gentilis Squadron be AN Aston Francisco Villa fan and name a pre @-@ warfare embark on 11 Pancho Villa face . together with The oval , Francisco Villa commons follow cite away the poet Duke of Edinburgh Larkin In his verse form around the first off mankind warfare , MCMXIV . Aston Francisco Villa be as well cite inward Harold Harold Pinter 's swordplay The dumb server .