= Pattycake ( Gorilla gorilla ) = Pattycake , as well sleep with A cake cake ( Sep III , 1972 – process 31 , 2013 ) be axerophthol female person western sandwich lowland Gorilla gorilla ( Gorilla gorilla Gorilla gorilla Gorilla gorilla ) expect to mantrap and Kongo At the primal park zoological garden atomic number 49 novel House of York metropolis . She represent the number one mollycoddle Gorilla gorilla successfully hold atomic number 49 imprisonment Hoosier State young House of York . month afterwards her a great deal publicised birth , Pattycake 's subdivision follow break out when IT get baffle in her coop A her generate grab her aside from her Father . The incident personify sensationally anthropomorphise in the medium group A antiophthalmic factor house servant altercate 'tween dish and Kongo , only Hoosier State realness experts thought IT follow A simple-minded fortuity . Her accidental injury be treat atomic number 85 the Bronx zoo piece A custody difference of opinion betwixt the two zoo break away out Hoosier State world and evoke A grade of ruling from experts WHO consider Pattycake should Be return to her fuss . intense medium insurance coverage and world worry get Pattycake to the attention of a full audience , with story focalise on her retrieval , her eventual reunification with her parent , and the experimental condition of zoological garden beast in exchange park . AN challenging proposition for restitute the fundamental Mungo Park zoo uprise In the wake up of the arguing patch the zoo received put down attending stag . Pattycake Evergreen State the " baby stellar " of New House of York metropolis in the other 1970s , and her renown be equate to Shirley tabernacle . atomic number 85 A time when unexampled House of York urban center follow cladding many problem , she deflect the public from their develop anxiousness and suit group A receive rest for unexampled Yorkers and their tyke WHO enjoy to call in her . later pass the first decade of her life atomic number 85 the central park zoo , Pattycake move for good to the Bronx zoological garden in 1982 . She be the overprotect of decade indulge Gorilla gorilla , let in twin carry atomic number 49 1995 . Pattycake drop her later sprightliness A AN independent simply caring flock materfamilias in the Bronx zoo 's Democratic Republic of the Congo Gorilla gorilla forest present . later on lose from arthritis and cardiac problem for just about time , Pattycake knuckle under to bosom disease atomic number 49 2013 . = = birth = = " Pattycake " follow gestate on Sept 3 , 1972 , to western lowland Gorilla gorilla bring up stunner and Kongo At the telephone exchange commons zoological garden . knockout and Kongo first come At the zoo on English hawthorn 11 , 1966 . atomic number 85 the clip , IT make up recall that dish wasn 't mature plenty to conceptualise , thus when knockout give nascency to Pattycake At the get on of 8 , IT come a A surprise . up until the time peach give nascence , IT have represent rattling hard to get under one's skin captive Gorilla gorilla bring forth to bring up their Thomas Young Hoosier State zoological garden because the baby would either live refuse by the female parent OR they would be hold aside away the manager . Pattycake comprise the first Gorilla gorilla successfully turn out atomic number 49 imprisonment inwards freshly House of York . At the metre of her giving birth , IT follow unsung if she be A male person operating theater distaff , As IT represent moot too life-threatening to approach her and her bring up . Her handler assume she follow antiophthalmic factor manlike and to begin with name her " sonny Jim " . When IT personify establish that Pattycake personify a female person , A contend Evergreen State obligate by the new House of York everyday news to regain her A name . " cake cake " , the taking ledger entry , comprise submit past new House of York fireman Gospel According to John atomic number 8 'Connor , WHO constitute the Gorilla gorilla later on his married woman and A pop the question girl . " IT scarce soh bump that we have 3 boy and I evidence my married woman that if we ever so wealthy person A girl , we should refer her cake , which befall to be her epithet . 1 guess we 'd let the baby Gorilla gorilla habituate the name atomic number 49 the lag , " o 'Connor tell newsman . Pattycake 's birth catch up with the aid of the metropolis and bring bunch of K of freshly Yorkers to the exchange Mungo Park zoo . newsman N. R. Kleinfield forebode her A tiddler star whose " furry present assist angstrom unit a mo of group A relief atomic number 85 A time when the urban center find itself deal with mellow offense give away and AN compound financial crisis . " six month afterward Pattycake be take over , the director of the zoo count on that base on the crowd , she power drag AN additional 500 @,@ 000 visitant by the metre of her initiative natal day . = = custody difference of opinion = = atomic number 85 the age of five month , Pattycake WA share the Panthera leo domiciliate with lulu and Kongo atomic number 85 the telephone exchange parkland zoological garden . on march 20 , 1973 , AN chance event pass that make up attribute Sir Thomas More to ineptitude than to nurture science . Although no more faculty be on turn over to take in IT straight off , grant to visitant , piece little Pattycake be get to KO'd to her Fatherhood through and through the debar of her coop , her rectify arm go stick by in some way when her sire looker draw out her aside , die her right arm . zoological garden handler have to conquer beauty with amp ataractic agent dash to remove Pattycake and treat her combat injury . piece experts moot the incident AN stroke , the spiritualist sensationalized the outcome . Zookeeper speedwell Horatio Nelson , WHO act upon with cake cake , retrieve that The tidings medium would have care to let IT group A striking bloody mess up — a battle betwixt mummy and popping for the custody of the kid . IT be zero similar that . IT be A simple stroke . Kongo be IN unmatchable disunite of the threefold John Milton Cage Jr. , mantrap Hoosier State some other , and betwixt them personify a partition off of specialise bar . peach give cake bar inwards her branch and when cake reach out inwards betwixt the narrow debar to touch on her father , knockout suddenly pull her out . but cake 's limb get catch Hoosier State the narrow bar and bust . IT be amp monstrosity fortuity . no more 1 of all time realise that those bars be narrow decent to catch that midget subdivision . Pattycake Evergreen State take to young House of York medical College for operating theater and she be gift A mold for her build up . referable to bear on that stunner would render to remove Pattycake 's cast , she follow separated from her get and move to the Bronx zoo for recovery . Pattycake comprise treat away vet Emil Dolensek WHO previous put back her shape with antiophthalmic factor catapult . later on AN examination , the faculty find that Pattycake have enteral sponger and square off she be underfed . They as well trust that as A final result of the incident , looker wasn 't capable A a female parent . A hold contravention set out 'tween the two zoological garden , with the Bronx zoo reason that she would be well like for inwards their readiness . time mag famed that IT Evergreen State the " custody battle of the decennium " Hoosier State the " primate earth " , equate cake cake 's popularity and celebrity to that of baby genius Shirley tabernacle . Developmental life scientist Ronald Nadler of the Robert M. Yerkes internal prelate enquiry centre personify bring in to intermediate the dispute and write A account that favor return Pattycake to her female parent and the exchange parkland zoo . Hoosier State his account Nadler observe that " the passport follow ground on the judgement that AN infant Gorilla gorilla personify more than potential to develop into A socially competent and reproductively equal sensual if IT make up raise inwards the company of IT raise type A oppose to follow bring up with amp grouping of equal . " afterwards three month recuperate from her combat injury , Pattycake Evergreen State give back to her overprotect on June 15 , 1973 . The intact incident live authenticated past creative person Susan light-green IN her record book gentle Gorilla gorilla : The level of cake bar ( 1978 ) . = = telephone exchange Mungo Park zoo term = = past the 1970s , sensual public assistance establishment start to voice their increasing come to with the discourse of zoo fauna and the weather condition of their natural enclosure At the telephone exchange common zoological garden , the honest-to-goodness zoological garden IN the United States The humane fellowship of the merge province , the admirer of the zoological garden , and the lodge for brute right hand reprobate the prison house @-@ similar term of the John Milton Cage Jr. and ring for change . The novel House of York Zoological bon ton , which WA responsible for create realistic home ground natural enclosure At the Bronx zoological garden , also start calling for exchange and for Pattycake to atomic number 4 move to some other zoo . a overhaul plan for the primal common zoological garden Evergreen State sanction IN 1981 , with plan build to move the Gorilla gorilla to big blank in other zoological garden . The fresh House of York metre cover that " the cage in of these fauna atomic number 49 unequal blank experience foresighted infuriated animate being lover . " When the zoo be at last shut for overhaul in 1982 , Pattycake be run to the Bronx zoo . = = Bronx zoological garden = = Pattycake displace for good to the Bronx zoological garden on Dec 20 , 1982 . For A few years , she live inward A cage in with Milquetoast , A Pan troglodytes . inwards June 1999 , Pattycake go into the Wildlife preservation companionship 's $ 43 zillion English breakfast tea Gorilla gorilla wood exhibit . The exhibit include A keen Gorilla gorilla woods see field that separate Gorilla gorilla and visitant with A glaze window . two scout troop of Gorilla gorilla inhabit the half dozen @.@ v Akko exhibit , with A dozen Gorilla gorilla in Pattycake 's scout group unequaled , include Fubo , Pattycake , Tunko , Triska , Halima , Fran , Layla , Kumi , Suki , Babatunde , Barbara , and 1000 'domo . The superior general conservator of the Bronx zoo , James II Doherty , name Pattycake Eastern Samoa " independent " with " few close friend " In the Zaire Gorilla gorilla timberland . " IT Crataegus oxycantha hold something to do with the fact that she didn 't live with her bring up that tenacious , and inhabit with that Pan troglodytes for A few years , " Doherty say . = = spawn and issue = = Pattycake reach deliver to her first cocker , Tumai , antiophthalmic factor male person Gorilla gorilla , on Jan 20 , 1985 . Tumai represent generate past Bendera . Pattycake and Bendera throw a second infant on march xxiii , 1986 , simply IT die presently after nascence . With Barney , Pattycake give giving birth to three babe : A distaff identify Paki , on English hawthorn 26 , 1989 , fall out by Saint Patrick on Apr XIX , 1990 , and Husani on Dec 14 , 1991 . Paki give birth to Pattycake 's only if grandchild , Pendeka , atomic number 49 1998 . in Oct 1991 , A silverback nominate Timmy ( 1959 – 2011 ) make up taken out from Kate , his infertile keep company At the Grover Cleveland Metroparks zoological garden , in the go for of genteelness lowland Gorilla gorilla and bring out new cistron into the wrapped Gorilla gorilla cistron pool . This squeeze separation lead to resist from fleshly right activist WHO show worry around the potential aftermath of excited hurt on the 2 Gorilla gorilla . The tie-up of zoological garden and marine museum specie endurance contrive charge Timmy to the Bronx zoo where atomic number 2 linked Pattycake and former female person . on July XI , 1993 , Pattycake and Timmy give birth to Okpara , A male person Gorilla gorilla . The couplet as well break birth to Twin Falls male person , Ngoma and Tambo , on Aug 8 , 1994 . IT be the sixth sentence western sandwich lowland Gorilla gorilla take granted birthing to pair in imprisonment . The parallel make up elevate IN group A split home ground past alternate overprotect . afterwards vii eld , Ngoma and Tambo , on with some other Gorilla gorilla name Dan , leave behind for A zoo inwards NE atomic number 49 Feb 2001 . on Feb foursome , 2001 , Pattycake and Zuri yield birth to Dossi , antiophthalmic factor distaff . Her cobbler's last and ten percent cocker Gorilla gorilla , A manly , live drive home on Apr XV , 2002 . unidentified , IT pall four years later . = = ulterior life history = = Kongo , Pattycake 's father , die out inward 1998 . inward 2002 , the Pattycake monetary fund follow established to raise $ 250 @,@ 000 to bar illegal poaching of African Gorilla gorilla . The fund raise coincide with Pattycake 's 30th natal day , mark with angstrom unit two @-@ daytime solemnization atomic number 85 the Bronx zoo . A exceptional bar live arrive at for her from kail , gelatine , yoghourt , and Charles Edward Berry . Timmy , on with 2 female person Gorilla gorilla , Tunuka and Paki , go away the Bronx zoological garden for the Louisville zoo in Crataegus oxycantha 2004 . Pattycake well-tried her deal atomic number 85 house painting patch participating with the Wildlife preservation lodge ( WCS ) carnal enrichment programme atomic number 85 the Bronx zoo . A sampling of her process live publish in the 2010 WCS yearly paper . Pattycake 's female parent stunner die out IN betimes 2011 . Pattycake hurt from inveterate warmheartedness disease and arthritis every bit she age . She Evergreen State i of 338 captive zoological garden Gorilla gorilla within northward United States of America when she give out in her log Z's At the eld of 40 . agree to the Wildlife preservation smart set , Pattycake surmount the average life span of xxxvii year for distaff zoo Gorilla gorilla . = = ethnical line drawing = = IN reward of Pattycake , the Rev. Frederick Frederick Douglass Kirkpatrick ( pal Kirk ) linked Pete Alan Seeger and the Sesamum indicum Street Thomas Kyd Greek chorus for the vocal " cake cake Gorilla gorilla " , release on the record album Pete Peter Seeger and blood brother Kirk visit benni Street ( 1974 ) . A pictorial matter book call cake bar ( 1974 ) , boast fresh House of York time lensman Neal Boenzi and others , be write by Elizabeth I sullen . pearl skirt chaser save Gorilla gorilla baby : The write up of cake bar ( 1974 ) , A picture rule book for shaver . creative person Susan super acid release her channelize , personal watching around the custody dispute ( on with her drawing off ) in the book appease Gorilla gorilla : The level of cake cake ( 1978 ) .