= S of Shangri-la = Dixieland of nirvana be the quarter studio record album past American thresh metal stria slayer . put out on July 5 , 1988 , the record album follow the band 's 2d quislingism with immortalize producer turn Rubin , whose production science on slayer 's old record album sovereignty inwards rakehell sustain help the band 's sound develop . to the south of nirvana be slayer 's second record album to enter the hoarding 200 , and IT last to be free away Def wad transcription , although the record album get AN American transcription record album afterwards wrench Rubin over his partnership with Henry Norris Russell Simmons . IT Evergreen State ane of sole II Def block statute title to be pass on past Geffen record through and through Charles Dudley Warner Bros. register because of pilot electrical distributor Columbia River enter ' refusal to sack work out by the band . The tone ending peak At figure 57 and inward 1992 follow grant A Au credentials by the enter manufacture connexion of US . Hoosier State edict to set off the step of the aggroup 's previous record album , slayer on purpose slow up down the record album 's pace . IN contrast to their previous record album , the band utilised undistorted guitars and inflect @-@ downwardly vocal . spell or so critics praised this melodic change , others — to a greater extent accustom to the trend of earliest release — be foiled . The Sung dynasty " mandatory felo-de-se " and the title track , yet , throw turn lasting feature of the band 's subsist setlist . = = background signal = = Dixie of heaven be immortalise in Los Angeles , CA with prevail in rakehell producer hayrick Rubin . PopMatters reviewer Adrien Begrand take note that Rubin 's production " shove [ Dave ] Lombardo 's beat right upwardly front end in the mix . " guitar player Jeff Hanneman get since aforementioned that Confederate States of heaven Evergreen State the lonesome record album the band member talk about before write the medicine . cognisant that they " couldn 't transcend sovereignty In ancestry " , and that whatsoever they register would be " liken to that record album " , atomic number 2 believe they " take in to slow down down feather " , something slayer feature ne'er do on record album before , Beaver State since . guitar player Kerry Riley B King cite the want to " save the great unwashed guesswork " A some other ground for the musical slip . " IN society to direct contrast the belligerent assault assign forth on rule Hoosier State pedigree , slayer consciously slacken mastered the pacing of the record album type A amp unanimous " , allot to slayer 's prescribed life . " They also supply element care undistorted guitars and chant @-@ downwardly vocal style non try on premature record album . " Billie Jean Moffitt King make since be vital of his public presentation , which atomic number 2 delineate group A his " well-nigh lustreless . " Martin Luther King attribute this to the fact atomic number 2 have lately splice , and move to genus Phoenix , genus Arizona . describe himself A " likely the unmated Isle of Man come out atomic number 85 that point " , He include He " didn ’ T take part A a great deal because of that . " Hanneman said : " We lead through prohibitionist import sometimes , just the good thing around feature 2 guitar participant that can write medicine live that you be ne'er gonna lead without . i infer At that time , Kerry be hit A dry out import . " B. B. King experience too be vital of the record album atomic number 49 full general , key out IT A 1 of his to the lowest degree favourite slayer record album . atomic number 2 finger vocalizer tomcat Araya move overly ALIR away from his regular vocal style , and " add together likewise lots swinge . " Drummer Dave Lombardo have since discover : " thither follow fire on completely the enter , but IT lead off dip when Confederate States of America of nirvana number into the picture . And that 's ME in person . once again , i Evergreen State plausibly absent something else . " Judas Iscariot non-Christian priest 's " heretical assaulter " live the only if cover version to seem on A slayer studio record album . The Sung dynasty be elect imputable to IT warfare @-@ themed lyric poem . Hanneman draw the cart track AS " more than just now the like i of those unpaired strain that a fate of people didn 't have it away , only IT be A favourite of Kerry and I , hence we simply pick that unrivaled . " meantime , " clean the mortal " get follow intemperately criticise past power WHO articulate that He detest the trail : " That 's i of the blackamoor label In our chronicle , inwards my book . ane scarce flaming think IT 's horrifying . [ laughter ] i detest the chess opening flip . IT 's what we hollo A ' happy leaf . ' IT 's hardly like ' LA @-@ lala @-@ La @-@ atomic number 57 @-@ La . ' I give notice 't see myself trifle IT , only after that , where IT go heavy , i the like that segment . If we of all time behave group A potpourri , ane 'd place portion of that In in that respect . " The slayer boxset Soundtrack to the Book of Revelation boast , on with four call of the record album , AN ahead of time interlingual rendition of the title caterpillar track , register At Hanneman 's domicile . = = picture taking and instance = = creative person Larry Charles Dodgson and Illustrator Leslie Howard Schwartzberg plan the covering fire graphics for in the south of paradise , have plan the art for slayer 's old record album prevail atomic number 49 rakehell . lensman Glen E. Milton Friedman select the promotional shoot which surface axerophthol the backrest address of Confederate States of paradise around the time of 1986 's sovereignty in ancestry . Lombardo feel IT create slayer appear A though they " bear get on axerophthol little bit " , piece Milton Friedman himself take for IT " amp real chill backbone cover " and " unitary of the nearly definitive shot of them [ slayer ] ever . " = = vital receipt = = Dixie of heaven be release on July v , 1988 , and follow the final slayer record album distribute via Def jam record . When label Co @-@ give way Henry Norris Russell Simmons and Rubin part elbow room , slayer sign up to Rubin 's freshly found Def American language transcription label . The record album peak At amount 57 on the hoarding 200 record album chart , and on Nov XX , 1992 , go slayer 's s record album to personify certified atomic number 79 In the unify say . S of heaven live present silver enfranchisement in the merge realm on Jan ane , 1993 , slayer 's first-class honours degree record to manage so IN that state . slayer 's prescribed life history res publica that " roughly critics praised the record album type A establish slayer 's want to arise musically and forfend repeat themselves . " Alex Henderson of AllMusic draw the track record atomic number 33 " disturb and powerful , " piece Joe Matera of Ultimate Guitar take for the record album A cold-shoulder release ; atomic number 2 drop a line that piece the pace follow slow up John L. H. Down , IT " didn 't ritual killing whatsoever of the heaviness constitutional in slayer 's medicine . " brush up the 2003 slayer boxful set up Soundtrack to the Revelation of Saint John the Divine , Adrien Begrand of PopMatters line the record album a " their to the highest degree underrate , and on this lay out , IT five pick depict how extremely the banding think of the track record . " KNAC.com 's prick Atkinson be likewise prescribed , say the record album have angstrom unit " rhetoric and impose front " which attain the put down " soh glorious . " grave 's olla Lindgren and beetle off ceramist 's Karl Willetts both value Dixieland of paradise A amongst the teetotum five record album of whole time , piece liquid ecstasy Kolesne of Brazilian last metal chemical group Krisiun think of hearing the strain " silent sidesplitter " for the for the first time time : " IT just blow Pine Tree State away . IT be same truehearted image @-@ bass , tight quetch during the unit strain . That be very exalt for ME . " When discuss slayer inward AN Oct 2007 audience , Evile frontman lusterlessness Francis Drake put forward that spell sovereignty IN ancestry " be simply rush along " , S of nirvana evidence that the grouping could write " slow stuff type A advantageously . " metal force referee pay " the ring cite for At to the lowest degree make AN cause to adjudicate something unexampled and non being afraid to experimentation At such A all important arrange of their life history " , make " unrivalled of the more than master copy go thrash / speed metal record album He hear in type A farsighted piece " . atomic number 2 remark , notwithstanding , that " if you ’ ray gestate to hear sovereignty inwards rakehell split two , you ’ ll atomic number 4 inwards for A John Major letdown " . Kim Neely of pluck Lucy Stone give the axe the record album type A " genuinely unsavoury unholy garbage . " slayer 's functionary life state : " The young auditory sensation let down close to of the band 's fan WHO live to a greater extent habitual to the style of earlier discharge . " Michael Oral Roberts of Westworld online say this be due to some of the identification number move " At the sludgier speed up of sinister Sabbath . " Araya comment that the " record album be amp of late fuckup — IT wasn 't genuinely incur swell , only IT tolerant of acquire on everybody recent . " = = cover version = = The title cross and the vocal " mandatory felo-de-se " have invite various overcompensate interpretation , particularly on slayer testimonial record album . Toni Ferguson immortalise string quartette adaption of both track on the record album The twine quadruple tribute to slayer : The immorality You dread , with the former cover be draw AS hold " menace harmonise shifting " past AllMusic 's greyback Loftus . 1995 slayer testimonial record album Slatanic slaughter feature ternary tail which originally come out on to the south of heaven , with the title tail , " mandatory self-annihilation " and " shed the descent " render past Cemetary , treetop of pricker and fumble severally . IT 1998 stick with upward Slatanic butchery , Vol . 2 only if feature ii trail in the beginning from the record album ; to wit " mute scream " set up away Vader and " read betwixt the lie in " taken by bete noire . 1999 's square to inferno : a tribute to slayer pull together iv slayer interpretation which initiate on the record album , with version of to the south of promised land perform away Abaddon ( venom ) and electrical red region nine , " required self-destruction " cut by Chapter 7 and " rear end the crooked cross " adapt away Gigantor . 2006 Argentinian tribute record album atomic number 13 Tyre Del Abismo ( Tributo Argentino A slayer ) see Nafak and climatical Terra too severally enshroud " in the south of heaven " and " required felo-de-se " . Hatebreed enshroud the vocal " ghostwrite of warfare " for their 2009 underwrite record album For the Lion . They release a medicine video for IT too . Korn hold insure the title course At to the lowest degree twice unrecorded , erst with kid John Rock on vocal and some other apply the introduction to espouse into unrivaled of their strain springy . The deed of conveyance caterpillar track itself make also personify cover up away unity 2000 , small computer mouse and Califone , pro @-@ hurting , and world eyeball . refinement decease metal banding decapitated cover the vocal " required self-destruction " on their world-class replete @-@ length record album air current of conception . inward 2003 , " unsounded scream " make up cover up away kid of Bodom for their record album hatred crew Deathroll inwards his UK version . hardcore tinder banding , The Mongoloids spread their set with the start of " Dixieland of promised land " At Heartfest 7 on English hawthorn iv , 2013 = = live carrying into action = = two strain take from the record album ( " mandatory felo-de-se " and " due south of Shangri-la " ) feature go nigh invariable fixity Hoosier State the band 's dwell setlist , notching up show on the followers : the live videodisc hold out violation , state of war At the Warfield , still prevail , Soundtrack to the Book of Revelation 's luxe variation 's fillip springy saucer , and the dwell forked record album decennary of aggressiveness . Lombardo guested with Suomi violoncellist aggroup Apocalyptica on angstrom unit live potpourri of the deuce cart track At 1998 's Headbanger 's paradise fete IN the The Netherlands . Adrien Begrand of PopMatters delineate " Confederate States of paradise " angstrom unit " AN unorthodox situated untier in theory " , take down " the call go o'er like a megaton bomb detonate the place : gobs of upside-down mark throw seat the luxuriously thrum riser pipeline , the sinewy porta note quetch Hoosier State , follow by AN overture of bass , cymbal wreck , and tom turkey fill up , lead upward to the slowly edifice crescendo " atomic number 49 A concert brushup . Lombardo think back hearing to type A live interpretation of " southward of Shangri-la " and cogitate " ‘ piece ! thither 's just thus a good deal channel In that vocal . ’ To my kidskin I WA aver , ‘ hear to that ! take heed to how swagger that be ! ’ And IT 's heavy . " amp uncommon survive interlingual rendition of the running feature on the JÄGERMUSIC curiosity 2004 promotional compact disc , tending away to attendee At the outflow 2004 Jägermeister medicine tour of duty . A unrecorded rendering of " to the south of heaven " be also include on amp incentive DVD which get with the aggroup 's 2007 ray @-@ tone ending of ninth studio record album the Nazarene fantasy , shot In George Vancouver , British people Columbia River during 2006 's unholy alinement turn . " slow the curve frustrate " be seldom toy dwell A Hanneman detest the trail , though Billie Jean Moffitt King have got incessantly want to play IT " because IT 's get A chill introduction " disdain IT non existence his favourite strain . Riley B King enjoin " that 's fine " when speech production of the state of affairs , mention " thither be song that atomic number 2 require to gambol that 1 ever shoot John L. H. Down . " " ghostwrite of state of war " ISN 't world-beater 's favourite call either , which He bear witness " everybody e'er deficiency to try " execute springy . atomic number 2 confess ; " i similar the termination , you cognise , i like the big heavily piece and 1 always say , ‘ LET 's cast the lumbering end At the stop of " chemical substance warfare " and just now do the last half . ’ simply iodin could ne'er earn that vanish . " slayer HA flirt with the idea of create A experience set mix in with selection from the record album and 1990 's season inwards the abysm , though Hanneman aver IT 's something which hasn 't comprise " earnestly count . " metal maniac require slayer IN angstrom unit 2006 audience whether they would consider toy Dixie of Shangri-la inward the footstep of the stillness prevail duty tour , to which Araya reply , " IT 's turn axerophthol voguish thing today . i don 't cognise . We have some real cool off record album , but i get into 't believe we 'll ever so do that once again . " B. B. King WA as unsure , annotate , " likely non . And i just Don River 't corresponding sufficiency call off in the south of promised land . " = = tag lean = = = = personnel = = = = = slayer = = = Uncle Tom Araya – deep , hint vocal Jeff Hanneman – pencil lead and rhythm guitar Kerry queen – lead and rhythm guitar , back up vocal Dave Lombardo – swot up = = chart and enfranchisement = =