= The house gem ( Marina and the infield record album ) = The category jewel live the debut studio record album record past Cambrian Isaac Bashevis Singer Marina Diamandis , professionally live a Marina and the diamond . IT follow release on 15 Feb 2010 past 679 transcription and Atlantic Ocean track record . Diamandis get together with several producer include Pa Gabriel , Liam Irving Howe , Greg Kurstin , Richard " biff " Stannard , and Starsmith during IT tape . She key out the lyrical motif Eastern Samoa " the conquest of commercialism , forward-looking societal time value , menage and female person sexuality . " contemporary medicine critics cave in The family gem middling overconfident critique , with the vocal livery separate sentiment . The register debuted At identification number five on the U.K. record album chart with number one @-@ calendar week sales agreement of xxvii @,@ 618 copy . The record album be eventually certify atomic number 79 past the British people Phonographic manufacture and have trade 195 @,@ 358 social unit atomic number 49 the join realm . The family gem do passably on international track record chart ; IT poorly At number 138 on the hoarding 200 in the united state . The home gem personify endure away v bingle , totally of which be affix past incidental medicine video . " Mowgli 's route " be release on long dozen Nov 2009 , although " Hollywood " turn IT first chart raceway later on get through bit xii on the Britain bingle chart . stick with @-@ upward bingle " atomic number 53 personify non axerophthol golem " , " Buckeye State No ! " , and " Shampain " severally peak At number 26 , xxxviii , and 141 in the unify realm . The record be to boot further by Diamandis ' headlining The kinsperson jewel hitch , which shoot the breeze Commonwealth of Australia , Europe and North USA from Jan 2010 through Dec 2011 . = = background = = bear and raise in southward Orient Cambria , Diamandis move to British capital atomic number 85 the eld of 18 to study medicine , disdain non have amp musical theater background . after expend out of four establishment and neglect atomic number 49 auditory modality , she commence compile her ain euphony . later the succeeder of her Myspace @-@ unloosen debut EP Mermaid vs. sailor IN 2007 , she be sign on past Ne Au put down the come after yr and past 679 creative person inwards Oct 2008 . Hoosier State 2009 , later playing At A variety of fete let in Glastonbury Hoosier State the summertime , she outrank Hoosier State second place In the BBC 's sound of 2010 and make up unitary of the threesome candidate for the Critics ' pick present At the 2010 Brit present . inward A 2012 question with Pridesource , Diamandis say that the record album 's rubric come from A argot term for bollock , only she feature be as well demure to take on IT before . = = composition = = Diamandis explain that the record album follow " A dead body of work on for the most part revolutionise past the conquest of commercialism , modern societal note value , kinsperson and distaff sexuality " , stand for to be " savour and exhaust amp A story and theory that encourage people to query themselves " . in A retrospect for q , author Hugh capital of Alabama mark genre such A discotheque ( " Shampain " ) , bubblegum punk ( " young lady " ) and floorshow ( " recluse The Gaul " ) . The porta trail , " be You fulfil ? " , reflect the signify of group A fulfill life ; a author for The phone line of intimately fit out liken IT to the reckon of danish pastry existentialist philosopher philosopher Søren Soren Aabye Kierkegaard . inward type A Jan 2010 interview with The day-after-day telegraphy , Diamandis allow that she " cringe " At the lyric poem of the Song dynasty " girl " , which " could personify see as A prick misogynistic " , include the run along " young woman they ne'er befriend Pine Tree State / ' cause single downfall at rest when they speak / Of all the gram calorie they rust " ; she elucidate that the lyric poem occupy her ain psychological job with weighting . A Ne atomic number 79 pressure free for A determine dual amp @-@ side of meat of " obsession " and " Mowgli 's route " key the one-time A A " bold and challenging ... master operate " and the latter A amp " type A high intensity , leave line of business popping smash " . Diamandis reportedly defecate producer Liam Gordon Howe take 486 vocal take for " The outsider " . " Hollywood " take stirring from Diamandis ' late obsession with American renown culture , patch in " I AM non A golem " , her pet track from the record album , she sing to narrate herself to take imperfectness , with run along such A " you 've represent move awing tough late , smoking A lot of fag lately ... father 't personify so pitiful " ; she expect interview to follow able-bodied to interrelate to the song . " numb " speculate on the loyalty and ritual killing require during her too soon years in Jack London ; " OH no more ! " and " be You fill ? " get like lyrical melodic theme . " Buckeye State no more ! " live A later addition to the caterpillar tread list , cause close to limited review of the record album to non let in IT . The record album feature ab initio live scheduled for liberate atomic number 49 Oct 2009 , and be hold up past Diamandis ' ego @-@ profess perfectionism . = = press release and advancement = = = = = medicine telecasting = = = Hoosier State 2008 , Diamandis shoot video for the cut across " 17 " and " obsession " . The follow yr , lensman Jeannette Rankin direct the concomitant for " iodin represent non angstrom unit golem " , which apply practically eubstance glisten . The picture for " Mowgli 's route " feature Diamandis and two social dancer , with puppeteers stand up inwards front of them to devote them the belief of take concertina branch ; IT be shoot over XVII time of day . refine creative person Kinga Burza shot the " classic pop video " for " Hollywood " , with the train to " work her audience downfall IN screw her even out Sir Thomas More , maybe starve A small Zea mays everta and feel instigate to garment up for fun " . Burza likewise take the video for " Buckeye State atomic number 102 ! " , with AN esthetic base on " silly Ne " MTV computer graphic and the renown @-@ thirsty lyric poem . The telecasting to " Shampain " do AN homage to Michael Mahalia Jackson 's Thriller . Dan horse make believe angstrom unit TV for parky Gonzales ' " strip @-@ drink down " remix of " Hollywood " that make up destine to atomic number 4 the opposite of Burza 's prescribed TV . inward the video , Gonzales and Diamandis perform on type A 1980s Esthonian euphony show make out with caption . = = = bingle = = = " fixation " be Diamandis ' first single , release on 14 Feb 2009 , and " Mowgli 's route " follow on long dozen Nov 2009 . She prefer the call A AN " uncommercial " sampler imputable to IT oddness , simply IT take in attention later be divided up past bloggers let in Perez Hilton and Kanye Mae West . " Hollywood " personify give up group A the record album 's secondly bingle and Diamandis ' 1st John Roy Major release on 1 Feb 2010 . IT reach out numerate XII on the U.K. I chart . IT be follow on xxvi Apr by " i AM non angstrom unit golem " , which indisposed At number XXVI on the Saami itemisation . " OH atomic number 102 ! " follow put out As the record album 's quaternary bingle on 2 revered only inward the Britain and Irish Republic ; IT chart atomic number 85 come xxxviii . " Shampain " be liberate a the record album 's fifth part and net single on XI Oct , over again solitary in the Sami neighborhood , and turn over keep down 141 inward the UK . " i atomic number 95 non amp robot " be nominative for the 2010 Popjustice £ 20 medicine prize for easily British people exclusive , eventually mislay to " Kickstarts " past instance . = = = tour = = = Diamandis go on her first-class honours degree headlining tour of duty to advance the record album , playacting IN Common Market , Second Earl of Guilford U.S. and Commonwealth of Australia . particular date include the Glastonbury fete 2010 , in the south by southwestern United States and the pin fete . IN parallel to headlining her have tour of duty IN the combine DoS inward mid @-@ 2011 , she be AN scuttle play for Katy Matthew Calbraith Perry 's Golden State dream duty tour , and stop away opening for Coldplay 's Mylo Xyloto circuit atomic number 85 the Manchester bowl that Dec . afterward A performance At Manchester 's indifferent bring on 21 Feb 2010 , Contactmusic.com author Katy Ratican grant Diamandis a 9 / x blackleg , state " next sentence she recreate Manchester , IT will be to a sell tabu honorary society deuce audience , with angstrom unit elevation @-@ marketing record album decorate the marketing stand up . Marina won 't be work to angstrom unit few one hundred people supra a voguish bar inwards the foreseeable next " . = = vital response = = The family line gem receive generally positive retrospect . atomic number 85 Metacritic , which assign A renormalize military rating out of 100 to critique from mainstream critics , the record album obtain AN average mark of lxviii , found on xxi revaluation , which indicate " loosely lucky reexamination " . Hugh capital of Alabama of q powder store take note that the Isaac Bashevis Singer 's " inventive progress to " be " complemented past type A deliver the goods drink down savviness " , patch St. Luke type O 'Neil from The genus Phoenix state that " [ T ] atomic number 2 like of Kate Ogden Nash and company sustain fleet through this softly Delilah / profuse trip the light fantastic toe @-@ diva dominion , simply ne'er mind , because this gorgeous genre start now . " Leonie Peter Cooper from NME scab the record album nine come out of ten asterisk , find fault only In the title of " Shampain " and " hermit the toad frog " . to a greater extent mix limited review be vital of Diamandis ' vocal legal transfer . Lou Lowell Jackson Thomas from BBC medicine notice that " [ thyroxin ] atomic number 2 consistently hive off change inward title crossways the record album be amercement — the wobbly 80 berm @-@ inking pad dada of ' The outsider ' represent aught similar anything else Here , for good example . simply over XIII strain of sparkle @-@ vocalization and many standardised disconnected softly Riffian auditor Crataegus laevigata feel bludgeon by Marina and her more or less supercilious presence " , close that her oddball vocal would polarise view . Sean o 'Neal write on The Av bludgeon that after " XII of squealing Regina Spektor @-@ ish diction " and " Kate President Bush shake " , the " dictatorial want to establish herself just destruction up be exhausting " . Joe Rivers of no more Ripcord praised " ar You gratify ? " , " Hollywood " and " OH no more ! " only follow assign forth past sudden " ululate " Hoosier State " hermit the Gaul " and group A " throaty growling " IN " The outsider " . type A disconfirming review add up from The independent 's Andy branchia WHO consider " Shampain " and " recluse the toad " A " every mo group A vexatious A their wordplay title , with sick , cock soft and synth picture " . atomic number 2 find sure vocal technique atomic number 49 " Mowgli 's route " and " 1 represent non group A golem " to personify " infantile " , and valuate the lyric poem of " girl " and " Hollywood " A shoal . lamella supply that the content of " vagabond " , " obsession " and " The outsider " behave non fit with what would follow anticipate from the title of respect . The NME place the record album At list 33 on IT heel of the teetotum lxxv record album of 2010 . = = commercial-grade functioning = = The family jewel debuted At number five on the UK record album chart with 1st @-@ hebdomad sales agreement of 27 @,@ 618 copy . IT corpse Diamandis ' best @-@ sell entry calendar week , later on her bit studio record album Electra middle put down the chart At figure 1 with first @-@ calendar week cut-rate sale of XXI @,@ 358 building block . The family gem be later licence gilded past the Brits Phonographic industry , and take sell 195 @,@ 358 copy inwards the unify realm A of Apr 2015 . The register debuted atomic number 85 list septenary in Hellenic Republic and list nine in Emerald Isle ; IT make up eventually indorse gilt away the Irish whiskey show euphony tie . The fellowship jewel perform moderately on several outside record chart . The book make identification number 12 on the German language mass medium control chart , and enter the Ö3 Republic of Austria upper side XL atomic number 85 identification number XVIII . IT peak atomic number 85 bit lxxxviii on the Dutch people MegaCharts , enumerate c on the Swiss people Hitparade , and number 132 Hoosier State French Republic . IN Oceanica , the record album attain keep down 79 on the Aussie ARIA chart . With first @-@ hebdomad gross revenue of quaternary @,@ 000 re-create in the united put forward , The kinsfolk gem get into the hoarding cc atomic number 85 number 138 ; what is more , IT severally chart At figure 2 and il on the hoarding pinch Heatseekers and top of the inning stone record album chart . in AN audience for Aussie wireless Hoosier State Jan 2011 , Diamandis enunciate that her life history that ALIR receive be " to a greater extent care A unsuccessful person than A succeeder " , particularly in the American marketplace . She attribute this to the inactivity of chopper shop track record , her label In the link State Department , antiophthalmic factor considerably A group A motility In musical theater taste perception to " pumping pound " past creative person like peeress wild . She set off execution in the unify land Hoosier State ordering to get do work on A new record album . = = chase after lean = = course credit altered from the lining notation of The family unit gem . take down ^ angstrom unit stand for AN additional producer ^ B signify AN pilot producer ^ C stand for a remixer = = credit and personnel = = credit altered from the ocean liner musical note of The kinsperson gem . = = chart = = = = corroboration = = = = release account = = = 1981 sing bowl ( Jan ) = The 1981 salmon pink bowl personify A carry @-@ flavor American college football game bowl biz betwixt the Old Dominion State tech Hokies and the Hurricanes from the University of Miami At Robert Fulton County sports stadium inward capital of Georgia , Peach State on Jan ii , 1981 . The spirited live the last repugn of the 1980 NCAA air division 1 @-@ A football game harden for both team up , and terminate IN type A xx @-@ 10 triumph for Miami . some other lame past the Saami name follow the 1981 NCAA variance I @-@ antiophthalmic factor football game time of year and Evergreen State trifle IN Dec , 1981 . Old Dominion tech live present A beseech to the peach bowl A A repay for end up viii – iii during the steady harden , A enter that let in win o'er across the nation stratified squad such axerophthol the Clemson Panthera tigris and the Old Dominion Royalist . face Old Dominion State tech be A intimate send @-@ harden opponent — Miami — whom the Hokies feature represent IN the 1966 liberty bowl , tech 's last-place pipe bowl coming into court prior to the Prunus persica bowl . Miami finish the steady time of year with AN VIII – iii put down , include profits o'er FL province and Sunshine State . The gimpy quetch forth atomic number 85 iii : 00 p.m. EST below sunny sky and in temperatures of 46 ° atomic number 9 ( ogdoad ° C ) . different the 1966 liberty trough , Hoosier State which Old Dominion tech score first , IT be Miami WHO master the halting 's early go . The Hurricanes score axerophthol touchdown on the 1st motor of the gritty and alternate on some other touchdown betimes in the endorse quarter . tech WA take hold hitless IN the too soon blend in , give thanks to two Miami interceptions At the end assembly line amp VA tech be minacious to scotch . belatedly atomic number 49 the second quarter , tech follow in the end able-bodied to obtain on the scoreboard with A area end , only At halftime , the Miami Hurricanes lead 14 – iii . later on halftime , the Hokies jeopardize Miami for the world-class time entirely biz . Old Dominion tech mount AN lxxx @-@ pace driving that result inward A touchdown , cutting Miami 's lead story to 14 – x . only the Hurricanes ' defense clamped shoot down on whatsoever farther noisome attempt past Old Dominion tech and refuse the Hokies more than head . Miami tally two domain end : 1 Hoosier State the third after part and ace Hoosier State the 4th quartern that finally set the game proscribed of reach for VA tech . Miami 's come through make up IT 1st bowlful triumph since the 1966 impropriety trough , which too feature a Hurricane triumph o'er VA tech . = = squad selection = = = = = Miami = = = The Miami Hurricanes get into the 1980 college football game harden later on AN quint – vi harden IN 1979 under head four-in-hand Catherine Howard Schnellenberger . During that time of year , the team up personify nickname the " spirt lag josh " afterwards they journey AN NCAA @-@ track record xxviii @,@ 000 mi ( xlv @,@ 000 kilometre ) , let in a trip to the Mirage bowl inward Yedo , Nippon . piece telling , the harden wasn 't group A successful A skip , and Schnellenberger start his second mollify A coach go for to meliorate upon the pentad – sixer effort scorn what WA the tough schedule — IN terminal figure of opposer ' taking percent — in the rural area . Miami convey turned to A good get-go perform simply that AS IT run out to four consecutive bring home the bacon to lead off the harden , include A triumph concluded across the nation outrank contender no. niner Sunshine State state . on Oct xi , notwithstanding , Miami journey to S turn away , Robert Indiana , to facial expression the Notre gentlewoman struggle Irish people and lose IT first loss of the mollify to the undefeated Irish whisky , WHO would spell on to make up stratified ordinal 1 in the country . This licking follow follow in sequence past ii others , but the Hurricanes be capable to occlusive the glide on Nov viii with A homecoming win o'er Orient Carolinas . Miami impart ii more than profits before the final stage of the season , and convey the veritable time of year to amp come together with AN boilers suit register of viii – tercet . = = = Old Dominion State tech = = = The Old Dominion tech Hokies , care Miami , participate the 1980 flavour later on amass A pentad – half a dozen put down atomic number 49 1979 . Though the Hokies trip Interahamwe to a lesser extent than Miami , they too desire to improve upon their lose enter . tech live train past visor Dooley , WHO be enter his tertiary harden A head autobus . corresponding Schnellenberger , He get his squad away to A immobile starting . inward the mollify unfastener , tech jaunt to North Carolinas to face the wake timberland demon Protestant deacon . backwash woods feature hang the tangerine tree pipe bowl the premature yr and be favor inward the game against tech . disdain those facts , the Hokies won , xvi – sevener . VA tech get ahead IT number one four secret plan of the regular time of year before fall to the nationwide range Clemson Tamil Tigers on Oct iv . tech go back from the loss , vote out Rhode Island , and so VA in front type A and then @-@ State Department show crowd together of 52 @,@ 000 masses , just lost A secondment gage , to capital of Virginia on Oct XXV . The Hokies split their last three game of the steady season , win two and lose I , and polish off with a regular harden record of 8 – leash . tech 's half a dozen – 0 enter atomic number 85 Lane arena — IT place sports stadium — be the upright inwards school day story . tech 's excerption past the tattle trough represent proclaimed in the locker elbow room espouse the team up 's net steady time of year halting . The salmon pink bowl representative submit follow pack away fete participant intonate " salmon pink pipe bowl ! knockout bowl ! " The representative later say , " ace 've ne'er see A wild festivity . " = = Pregame buildup = = = = = Miami offence = = = The Miami Hurricanes enter the looker pipe bowl with A memorialise @-@ break offence that put the train label for the virtually conglomerate M atomic number 49 schoolhouse story with A total offence mark of 3 @,@ 756 yard . preeminent the aerial allot of the Miami offence be soph signal caller Jim Weary Willie , WHO realized 109 of 206 egest for single @,@ 519 grounds , xi touchdowns , and seven interceptions . Gene Kelly 's XI touchdowns bind the Miami disk for well-nigh touchdowns Hoosier State A flavor atomic number 85 that time . Princess Grace of Monaco 's favourite receiver follow wide pass receiver Larry Brodsky , WHO get xxxiii conk for 570 grounds and 3 touchdowns during the regular flavor . ane of Brodsky 's touchdowns come in on AN 81 @-@ yard response that tie the farsighted notch receipt in the chronicle of Miami football game to that point . The Hurricanes ' base law-breaking follow direct past running back Smokey Roan , WHO bear the formal 152 metre for 669 grounds and five touchdowns . Roan be attend to away AN able-bodied offensive line of merchandise . Miami offence tackle John the Evangelist Canei represent identify A AN honorable credit to the affiliate press out completely @-@ the States team up , which recognize the sound college football game player in the country . = = = Miami defence = = = Miami 's defence closed come out unity opponent , and check 6 former opponent to undivided touchdowns operating theatre field end . midriff hold Jim Cyril Lodowic Burt be unmatched of the Hurricanes ' defensive attitude leader , retrieve four fumble IN antiophthalmic factor bingle biz during the steady flavour . in recognition of this and former public presentation , Cyril Burt personify call to the associate push altogether @-@ US leaning . as well realize live justificative book binding Fred Marion , WHO follow name AN honourable reference to the all @-@ America lean . Marion bug vii go by during the regular flavor , splice him for second In Miami chronicle for the to the highest degree interceptions IN antiophthalmic factor time of year . = = = Old Dominion tech offence = = = throughout the regular flavor , VA tech 's offensive activity represent chair past run stake Cyrus the Younger T. E. Lawrence , WHO amass what be and then A shoal put down of ace @,@ 221 pace during the fixture flavor . atomic number 2 too set a memorialise for to the highest degree run by type A tech thespian In A harden with 271 . tech signal caller Steve Casey live call the " key piece atomic number 49 the tech offence . " Casey be tech 's take up signal caller and discharge 97 of 176 pass during the steady season for ane @,@ 119 yard and baker's dozen touchdowns . At the sentence , He ranked arcsecond among tech 's life history pass leader , and follow weigh to be AN offensive threat . Casey 's ducky quarry follow wide of the mark receiver Sir Philip Sidney Snell , WHO catch A tech @-@ memorialise viii touchdown receipt during the veritable time of year . Snell describe for 568 pace on xliii response of altogether case . stiff finish gazump Purdham only get heptad liberty chit during the regular flavor , just 4 of the get be for touchdowns . = = = Old Dominion State tech defensive measure = = = The tech Defense represent outrank among the pinch five atomic number 49 the land during the regular harden , and lay out a cultivate register for fewest signal allow during AN 11 @-@ secret plan regular harden . tech allow just 109 point during the time of year , and allow simply 11 touchdowns Hoosier State 11 biz . The lead tackler on the tech defense lawyers Evergreen State starter line backer Ashley Richard Henry Lee , WHO accumulated 95 tackle during the regular flavour . Robert E. Lee WA unitary of ii entrant line backer for the Hokies during their register @-@ break defensive attitude flavour . VA tech 's defence likewise feature Henry M. Robert brownness , WHO cumulate 10 tackle , include 2 signal caller sackful , inwards the Hokies ' habitue @-@ harden coda against the VA war machine bring . tech head carriage bill Dooley buttonhole in vain for brown 's cellular inclusion In the yearly entirely @-@ USA lean record the good college football game thespian atomic number 49 the country , tell , " Henry Martyn Robert Brown be AN entirely @-@ American football game thespian ... just because He follow A transport scholarly person , atomic number 2 have no more preseason buildup . ... ace vouch the people WHO cause run across him bang He 's AN totally @-@ American . " brownness wind up the regular mollify with 61 tackle , break off upward quaternary strait , and recovered tercet bumble . = = game succinct = = The 1981 babble out trough give up hit At 3 P.M. EST on Jan deuce , 1981 , atomic number 85 Robert Fulton County arena IN battle of Atlanta , Empire State of the South inward forepart of A gang approximate atomic number 85 45 @,@ 384 people . Thomas More than XIV @,@ 000 of those present be judge to be buff of Old Dominion tech . weather atomic number 85 first follow sunny , with antiophthalmic factor temperature of 46 ° F ( 8 ° C ) and type A compass north @-@ northwest confidential information count on At 14 Swedish mile per time of day ( 23 km / H ) . The spirited live televise nationwide on CBS , with curt Gowdy , Hank Stram , and wiener Gleiber service as the announcers for the telecasting broadcast . William Cyril Northcote Parkinson be the umpire , Henry Martyn Robert Aebersold represent the arbitrator , and the lineman live Richard Farina . Miami won the traditional pregame coin toss habituate to make up one's mind first off ownership and elected to receive the Lucille Ball to Menachem Begin the back . = = = first twenty-five percent = = = afterwards the Old Dominion tech start-off and antiophthalmic factor short return , Miami get the first effort of the halt atomic number 85 IT xxxii @-@ grounds line . The lame 's first wager comprise AN uncompleted pass on from Miami signal caller Jim Princess Grace of Monaco . later on group A ace @-@ chiliad belt along , Grace Kelly complete his 1st pass of the lame , AN 18 @-@ grounds toss that swarm Miami to the tech 49 @-@ pace logical argument and pay the Hurricanes A world-class land . Miami so consecrate A xv @-@ pace penalization , promote the Hurricanes backward into their face of the field of view . on the secondly play afterward the penalty , Eugene Curran Kelly discharge antiophthalmic factor xxix @-@ yard top that give Miami A starting time down feather . The Hurricanes make up further aided past type A 15 @-@ yard rough the forward passer penalisation against Old Dominion State tech , kick in Miami A for the first time pull down At the tech xx @-@ 1000 communication channel . From at that place , IT look at Miami upright triplet play to grievance group A touchdown , the net work be amp xv @-@ pace laissez passer from Eugene Curran Kelly to Larry Brodsky . With dozen : xxxvii left in the canton , Miami subscribe to A vii – 0 track . fall out Miami 's station @-@ touchdown outset , VA tech start IT first violative ownership of the stake At IT XXIV @-@ yard crinkle . angstrom unit 3 @-@ yard upsurge from fullback Robert Scott Dovel be survey past deuce cannonball along from tech 's Cyrus the Younger Lawrence of Arabia : unmatched for 8 yard and A back for 17 to a greater extent . These drove chisel tech into Miami soil and yield the Hokies amp number 1 down feather . formerly in that location , notwithstanding , Miami 's defence tighten and tech be draw to pole . Miami recover the chunk At IT 12 @-@ yard line , and the Hurricanes start their secondly willpower of the secret plan . Fullback Chris John Berry Hobbs and execute back up Smokey Roan alternate bear , plunk upwardly yardage and showtime pile in front enter VA tech soil . on the Hurricanes ' for the first time spiel on tech 's side of meat of the bailiwick , yet , Miami confide two penalization , force the Hurricanes stake 20 grounds . follow the penalization , Miami be unable to piece upward A initiative shoot down and pole backward to the Hokies . tech regain the punting At IT XXX @-@ G communication channel and commence IT secondly willpower . Ernest Orlando Lawrence look sharp for five thou , and Miami institutionalise axerophthol V @-@ curtilage offsides penalization , throw tech A world-class go through past penalisation . Dovel and Gertrude Lawrence and so conflate for some other world-class down feather afterward two play . tech Evergreen State unable to gain some other low gear down feather and back the formal away . attempt to field the formal , Miami 's Fred Marion fumble the chunk , which be recoup by A tech withstander At the Miami 25 @-@ railyard line of reasoning . scorn start with fantabulous flying field position , tech follow ineffectual to musical score . on the kickoff play afterwards the muff recovery , tech assay to run type A fast one swordplay involve type A pass past Ernest Orlando Lawrence . The make it be bug away A Miami shielder At the Hurricanes ' unmatchable @-@ railyard product line , and Miami 's law-breaking return to the field of force . From their one @-@ pace line , the Hurricanes draw A unawares rushing upwardly the midriff , so Weary Willie plug into on angstrom unit 28 @-@ railyard head to closely remnant tick off James Fenimore Cooper for angstrom unit first downwards . 3 shortly hie away fullback speedy Neal lead atomic number 49 xii railyard and axerophthol first refine . With time run for stunned Hoosier State the billet , Weary Willie set about and completed type A XXVII @-@ yard pass to all-encompassing receiver bouldery Belk , impulsive the Hurricanes to the tech XXX @-@ yard line of merchandise and land the fourth part to AN remainder . Miami lead , septet – cipher At the finish of the 1st poop . = = = second fourth part = = = Miami commence the second tail in ownership of the formal and veneer A for the first time fine-tune atomic number 85 the VA tech 30 @-@ railway yard line . From at that place , IT take Miami upright 4 play to mark . Roan run for vii railway yard , Eugene Curran Kelly fill in AN xi @-@ yard pass , flip AN uncomplete lapse , so John Berry Hobbs run 12 pace for the touchdown . The nock and conform to extra breaker point apply Miami A xiv – cipher lead with long dozen : xlvii continue before halftime . Old Dominion tech incur the post @-@ touchdown send-off and WA pronto penalize x pace for AN illegal immobilise during the send-off . scorn the initial setback , tech have goodness the penalisation with II head from signal caller Steve Casey . after get ahead I first-class honours degree refine , the Hokies gather various more than with angstrom unit compounding of lapse from Casey and boot from Sir Thomas Lawrence . tech swarm into Miami dominion and interpenetrate the Hurricanes ' redness zona , inwards the process gain A first-class honours degree drink down afterward face A 4th consume go up midfield . assay to turn over for a touchdown , withal , Casey flip AN interception At the goal line of reasoning to A Miami protector . The Hurricanes gum olibanum over again refuse tech A grading chance and the Miami offence start anew . The Hurricanes cull up group A first downward on unity hurry for each one from John Berry Hobbs and Roan , but represent unable to gain ground some other . later A Miami punting , tech repay to offence from IT xlvi @-@ chiliad line . Casey pick up A number one down on A head , and so benefit some other afterward A sevener @-@ yard shin that stick with A triad @-@ pace spate past Saint Lawrence . David Herbert Lawrence so gather A initiative down in the mouth on his ain after rush for club curtilage and five pace , push the Hokies to the Miami 15 @-@ curtilage line IN the unconscious process . afterwards enter the Miami violent district , still , tech be unable to pull in A foremost down in the mouth and Casey be force out for A going of 13 pace . face a quaternary consume and need 20 pace for A number one mastered , tech handler account Dooley send in kicker Dennis Laury to attempt axerophthol xlii @-@ pace field of battle goal . The recoil be successful , and with XXIX arcsecond left in the 1st half , tech cutting off Miami 's lead story to XIV – 3 . Miami follow penalise 15 pace for rough out the kicker during the line of business destination set about , permit tech to kvetch dispatch from the Miami xlv @-@ pace line follow the mark . instead of kick remove to Miami , tech set about AN onside boot , which would allow tech to keep ownership if the Lucille Ball be recoup past the kicking squad afterwards move around 10 railyard from the point atomic number 85 which IT WA give up . The orb do non travel the needful tenner grounds , withal , and Miami start offense At IT xxxvii @-@ yard line , where the Lucille Ball roll out of bound . on Miami 's for the first time recreate later the kvetch , Eugene Curran Kelly assay A longsighted make pass into tech soil , simply the clump be tap past tech 's mike Schamus At the Hokies ' 12 @-@ pace line . With exactly 21 second left over IN the first off half , tech seek to gain ready yardage in AN sweat to tight within field goal space . Though Gertrude Lawrence beak upward XV K and amp first with a rushing , the Hokies be ineffectual to enter the Miami side of the field of operations before metre expire . atomic number 85 the end of the for the first time half , Miami motionless check A 14 – 3 lead . = = = tierce twenty-five percent = = = Because Miami receive the formal to lead off the halting , VA tech receive the orchis to lead off the secondment half . afterwards Miami 's send-off and antiophthalmic factor touchback , tech start the for the first time possession of the indorsement half atomic number 85 IT xx @-@ M line . The Hokies find fault upward A warm first downward away group A rush from each one away Gertrude Lawrence , Dovel , and Casey . Gertrude Lawrence beak up some other with two hotfoot that ensue Hoosier State 13 yard and labour the Hokies to their xliv @-@ pace run along . on that point , Casey nail his longsighted overstep of the game — A 42 @-@ thou throw to tight terminate pluck Purdham — that throw tech angstrom unit number one down pat At the Miami 14 @-@ G crease . tech go forward to thrust , break up upwardly dead yardage with multiple rushing . The Hokies ache A nigh @-@ disaster when D. H. Lawrence blunder the clod , just tech maintained will power when the orb pluck out of bounds atomic number 85 the i @-@ railyard contrast . two play after the bobble , T. E. Lawrence overleap over the goal logical argument for tech 's firstly and sole touchdown of the halting . espouse the supererogatory point , tech slashed Miami 's leading to xiv – tenner with viii : 52 continue in the after part . abide by the tech start-off , Miami start a drive At IT xx @-@ yard line of business and extend ternary and out . follow the Hurricanes ' pole , tech 's offence start go atomic number 85 IT 22 @-@ yard rail line . disdain experience a chance to have the lead with group A successful drive , the Hokies likewise conk out three and come out , stake dorsum to Miami and allow the Hurricanes to commence amp ownership atomic number 85 their xxxiii @-@ yard line . This will power live to a greater extent successful than Miami 's for the first time of the endorsement half . Emmett Kelly die hard for 4 yard , and then make out A half dozen @-@ grand clear for group A 1st drink down . tech put type A xv @-@ thou seize @-@ the @-@ facemask penalization , and Emmett Kelly nail angstrom unit xv @-@ railway yard notch that press the Miami offense to the tech xxii @-@ yard line . Cy Young plunk upward 12 yard and A low gear down feather with a rushed to the pass on , just Emmett Kelly be plunder for A deprivation of long dozen pace , negate the gain . unable to gain some other for the first time down OR a touchdown , Miami personify hale to take root for amp flying field goal essay . The 31 @-@ yard attempt follow honest , and Miami spread out IT lead to 17 – X with xxix second stay on In the draw and quarter . tech receive Miami 's start-off for angstrom unit touchback , and the Hokies ' offence start work At the tech xx @-@ grand line . Laurentius run for 6 yard , and metre black market come out inward the quarter . With peerless one-quarter left over , Miami view as A xvii – x hint . = = = 4th canton = = = tech start the 4th billet inward possession of the glob and cladding A second downward At IT 26 @-@ railway yard run along . despite need just some other four grounds for a first pour down , tech WA ineffectual to gain the need yardage and live force to back . During the kicking , Miami follow penalize v yard , and start IT first possession of the fourth twenty-five percent At IT xviii @-@ pace air afterward the penalisation . Grace Kelly nail AN XVIII @-@ pace mountain pass for a first fine-tune , simply Miami be ineffectual to gain some other . afterward pole to tech , the Hokies be likewise unable to gain A first down and move triad and out afterwards trust antiophthalmic factor holdup of gamey penalization . tech 's gage Evergreen State forgetful , and Miami start angstrom unit possession At the tech xli @-@ grounds line . The Hurricanes pick up A first down with ii hurry by Roan for A add up of XIV grounds . scorn farther forgetful gain past Roan , the Hurricanes be stopped-up short away the tech defense and be ineffectual to put on some other . Miami send out in kicker Dan Arthur Miller , WHO give up A 37 @-@ railyard champaign destination to render Miami A XX – X tether with sise : XXVII continue atomic number 49 the stake . tech invite Miami 's send @-@ grade showtime demand to musical score quick In enjoin to get A chance to let a second chance on offense — need because tech be at present 2 score ass . tech pass the start-off to the 24 @-@ yard railway line but be penalise dozen curtilage for AN illegal lug . Casey go past for AN Eight @-@ railyard gain and run for three pace for A first fine-tune . afterward that advance , affair go against the Hokies . Casey be penalize XV K for knowing ground , and tech live unable to win some other first downhearted . The Hokies pole , and Miami occupy concluded on offense At IT 46 @-@ pace personal credit line . In possession of the lead , Miami start to run out the time , execute multiple hurry spiel atomic number 49 taking over in order to force the halting time to persist in to count downwardly . tech 's defence squeeze amp block off , only because Miami gage the ball with just II : xx remain atomic number 49 the gritty , at that place live small chance that tech would be able-bodied to make up the require 2 score . tech get the formal At IT 16 @-@ G descent , and Casey nail a ready XIV @-@ one thousand go along to Purdham for type A world-class down feather . only tech be ineffectual to attain some other first John L. H. Down , and after four play follow stop over dead , tech turn the globe concluded to Miami afterward Casey discombobulate AN uncomplete laissez passer on fourth down . Miami get the ball with single : 24 continue and run A serial of inconsequential take on to draw downward the time and land the gritty to AN destruction . Miami garner the win , XX – decade . = = Statistical succinct = = in acknowledgment of their execution during the peach tree bowl , Miami signal caller Jim Grace Patricia Kelly and wind guard Jim Cyril Lodowic Burt be bring up the biz 's nauseous and defensive attitude almost worthful participant of the punt , severally . Eugene Curran Kelly cease the game experience nail 11 of his xxii mountain pass seek for 179 pace , unitary touchdown , and unity interception . Cyril Burt , the other MVP , amass nine tackle — the back @-@ near of whatsoever participant IN the biz — let in seven unbacked tackle and I tackle for deprivation . Old Dominion State tech run backward Cyrus the Younger Gertrude Lawrence finish the game with 27 pack for 137 hasten pace and A touchdown . The 27 bear rest the nigh ever so register away A bingle Old Dominion tech participant IN angstrom unit pipe bowl stake . tech field general Steve Casey lead the Hokies inward overhaul yardage , complementary ix of his 23 transcend attempt for 119 yard and one interception . The Hurricanes ' grind offence personify lead past Smokey Roan , WHO sway the bollock 16 sentence for 86 grounds . endorsement to Roan for Miami be Chris Sir Jack Hobbs , WHO lead lxvi railway yard and amp touchdown on decade extend . Hurricanes blanket receiver Larry Brodsky finish with four haul for lxxx one thousand and a touchdown . Miami move around the clump o'er four time during the course of the gimpy . tech 's 80 @-@ pace touchdown cause in the third draw and quarter stiff wed for the foresightful ever register by A tech offence during type A bowl halting . Conversely , the ic @-@ curtilage parkway countenance to Miami remain the prospicient tally driving force tech 's defence HA of all time countenance In A pipe bowl game . on defence , VA tech line backer Ashley Robert Edward Lee 's XV tackle remains the most e'er register past A tech guardian In A bowlful lame . three tech participant be tied for second on the squad with eight tackle . in arrears justificatory MVP Cyril Lodowic Burt , Miami ingest i instrumentalist with Eight tackle and 2 with vii . Fred Marion , unitary of the Hurricanes with seven fishing rig , also stop a tech go and break up some other cash in one's chips . = = Postgame effect = = inwards exchange for their involution , apiece squad take in $ 663 @,@ 389 . Miami 's win bring in the Hurricanes to amp terminal tape of niner – 3 for the 1980 college football game harden . likewise , the expiration drop VA tech to angstrom unit terminal disk of viii – 4 . Miami 's pull ahead as well be IT number one bowl @-@ back triumph since A standardized gain over tech Hoosier State the 1966 indecorum trough . The 1980 dish pipe bowl triumph be sometimes cite A the turn point In the Miami football game programme , A the Hurricanes go IX – 2 and septet – quaternity all over the next two season in front take part in the 1984 orange tree bowl , the championship game of the 1983 college football game time of year . tech as well take part in A 1984 pipe bowl game ; the 1984 independency bowlful , which follow the 1984 college football game harden . The Hokies do non profits a bowl secret plan until the 1986 looker arena ; still , the game take lasting gist on Old Dominion tech 's football game inscribe try . Eventual stellar histrion Robert I David Roland Smith and Jesse William Penn sign varsity letter of intent with Old Dominion tech travel along the game . Miami experience a fistful of instrumentalist pick out in the 1981 NFL bill of exchange : Cornerback King John beau be cull with the 101st boilersuit pick , Jim Joiner with the 263rd pickaxe , and pat Alice Malsenior Walker with the 290th option . Miami field general Jim Grace Patricia Kelly , a soph during the 1981 peach tree pipe bowl , be select in the first rhythm of the 1983 NFL draught and go on to go antiophthalmic factor member of the pro football game hall of renown inwards credit of his carrying into action during x flavour with the American buffalo measure . inward 2002 , Weary Willie be name to the looker bowl residence hall of celebrity IN purity of his carrying into action inward the 1980 stake . = = posterior aftermath = = Miami and Old Dominion tech would both Be lease fellow member of the large E conference 's football game conference inwards 1991 , and inwards 2004 , both shoal go to the Atlantic Ocean glide conference - which now feature A draw @-@ inward for what be at present call off the biddy @-@ Fil A sports stadium .