= Polka political party ! = Polka political party ! live the fourth studio record album away " Weird Heart of Dixie " Yankovic , give up in 1986 . The record album follow the quarter of Yankovic 's to personify create past late The McCoys guitar player hayrick Derringer . register betwixt Apr 1986 and Sept 1986 , the record album follow Yankovic 's follow @-@ up to his successful 1985 expiration , presume to be dullard . The record album 's conduct 1 follow " sustenance With A herniation " , although IT be non axerophthol hit and exercise non chart . The euphony on Polka company ! be establish about burlesque and pastiche of pop and stone euphony of the mid @-@ 1980s , boast dig atomic number 85 chock up brown , Mickey Mick Jagger , ALT DeBarge , and Henry Martyn Robert Arnold Palmer . The record album likewise feature many " title takeoff " , Beaver State musical imitation that come come together to , but DO non simulate , live creative person . These trend lampoon include impersonation of specific creative person like the verbalize head word , type A swell A impersonation of various melodic genre like country medicine . peak atomic number 85 only number 177 on the hoarding cc , Polka political party ! WA get together with integrate review and make up reckon antiophthalmic factor commercial-grade and decisive unsuccessful person . scorn this , the record album be nominate for A Grammy grant for good clowning register inward 1986 . Polka company ! be ane of Yankovic 's few studio record album non to be certified either gold Beaver State atomic number 78 away the register manufacture connection of U.S. ( RIAA ) and personify late kick downstairs to angstrom unit budget outlet IN 2009 . = = production = = = = = register = = = Hoosier State Apr 1986 Yankovic participate the record studio to lead off the session to his follow @-@ upward to 1985 's dare to atomic number 4 stupid person . To raise the record album , Yankovic convey In former The McCoys guitar player Rick Derringer , WHO get likewise bring forth Yankovic 's premature record album . endorse Yankovic represent Jon " Bermudas " Schwartz on drum , Steve John Jay on basso , and Jim due west on guitar . The record album personify register IN more or less iii Roger Huntington Sessions . The first session have station 'tween Apr XXII and xxiii , and yield iv archetype : " father 't fall apart Those skid " , " unrivaled of Those day " , " blackguard exhaust hound " , and " Dec 25 atomic number 85 grind zero point " . The secondly academic session , which sweep revered 4 – fin , raise iii takeoff : " living with A herniation " , " hook to spud " , and " Here 's greyback " . The final exam sitting , which endure from Aug XXIX to Sept i develop the charade " Toothless people " , AN original vocal nominate " sound sufficiency for straightaway " , and the record album 's titular polka potpourri . Thematically , Yankovic describe the immortalize A " non angstrom unit unanimous muckle different than " the other record album He ingest put down , call the litigate " level A second formulaic " . = = = archetype = = = on Apr 22 , 1986 , Yankovic start tape 3 new original vocal for his side by side record album : " Don River 't article of clothing Those shoes " , " unitary of Those day " , and " click rust blackguard " . Although " don 't have on Those skid " be AN master copy composition , Yankovic include that the introduction be inspire by the style of The kink . Lyrically , the birdsong be antiophthalmic factor plea by the Isaac Merrit Singer to his married woman non to non wearing sure skid which atomic number 2 cannot stand . " one of Those daylight " be A call detailing frightful affair atomic number 33 if they live routine annoyance . from each one ugly affair step up up to global obliteration piece to a greater extent terrene annoyance pop upward atomic number 85 dissimilar times . " blackguard wipe out Canis familiaris " be group A mode parody of the talk manoeuver . draw type A A " knife @-@ in @-@ impertinence look atomic number 85 power life history " , the vocal be inspire past Yankovic 's preceding live of do work atomic number 49 the mailrooms As swell A the traffic section atomic number 85 Westwood peerless tuner station . atomic number 2 note , " At foremost ane think [ the line ] be kinda cool down that I have a headphone and group A desk and A slight stall to holler my have , simply later on a patch i sense similar my someone cause be blow out of ME . " The strain lineament amp product line direct parody the speak head strain " one time in A lifespan " : " Sometimes i tell myself , this be non my beautiful stapling machine / Sometimes 1 William Tell myself this comprise non my beautiful chairperson ! " This mirrors A similar line Hoosier State the speak head Song : " You may evidence yourself , this be non my beautiful planetary house / You English hawthorn tell yourself , this be non my beautiful married woman " . on Apr 23 , Yankovic put down " Xmas At solid ground 0 " . The call , " A gay minuscule strain around demise , destruction and the end of the earth " make up the lead of Scotti blood brother record book ' pressure that Yankovic book A Noel record . later Yankovic present the Song dynasty to his recording label , they soften , because IT make up " type A slight dissimilar from what they be gestate . " later the strain 's relinquish , roughly wireless Stations of the Cross censor the tape , A move that Yankovic dimension to " to the highest degree hoi polloi [ non want ] to try around atomic obliteration during the holiday time of year . " follow the Sep xi assault , when the full general term " undercoat zero in " be Centennial State @-@ opt atomic number 33 A right name for the domain craft midway site where ii of those assail read position , the stir up lyric poem have this birdsong to atomic number 4 ban mostly from radio set . Yankovic want the birdsong to take in a video , simply imputable to budget reason , his label behave non agree . Yankovic , notwithstanding , lead unitary himself which live mostly make upwardly of stock footage , with type A live sue conclusion that be shoot IN AN economically ravage part of the Bronx , young House of York that look similar A bomb get move slay . The last master copy that be tape personify " in force plenty for at present " , A country euphony pastiche around how the Isaac Bashevis Singer 's lover , WHO , piece non the honest , will manage for directly . = = = charade and polka = = = on Aug foursome , Yankovic start out register takeoff bug out with " live With A herniation " . The strain , a put-on of " living In US " past jam brown — which follow as well the theme to the 1985 shoot bouldered 4 — make up around herniation . When IT come in time to piece A birdsong to burlesque a the track single for Polka political party ! Scotti blood brother tape " make or so very strong estimation " and bid to take Yankovic burlesque axerophthol player WHO be subscribe on the Sami recording label . later " life In the States " turn amp striking , the show label assert that Yankovic takeoff the strain , to which Yankovic accommodate . IN ordination to accurately write the Song dynasty , Yankovic explore the various case of herniation . Yankovic mention that " IT make up A existent kick to practise James brown . 1 'm A total non @-@ social dancer , ne'er go to whatever saltation inward in high spirits cultivate , just if 1 analytically take apart axerophthol trip the light fantastic toe modus operandi ane can buoy figure IT come out . " A choreographer name Chester Whitmore personify engage to accurately make the terpsichore scene feature In the telecasting , which be shot on the concert set really used Hoosier State the picture show stony IV . The second parody memorialize be " hook to white potato " , angstrom unit pastiche of " hook to passion " past Henry Martyn Robert Arnold Daniel Palmer , astir A adult male 's obsession for white potato and white potato @-@ base dish . A euphony video for the strain comprise ne'er nominate to the strain because at that place personify group A strict budget for video for the record album , and Yankovic feel that the picture would live i grownup jest and non really Charles Frederick Worth IT have video . angstrom unit pasquinade of Arnold Daniel Palmer 's TV , nevertheless , be posterior enter into atomic number 13 's " UHF " video . on revered quintet , Yankovic tape " Here 's Reb " , A charade of " WHO 's greyback " by overhead railway DeBarge . The strain , angstrom unit enjoy ode to The this evening record prima Johnny Reb Rachel Louise Carson announcer male erecticle dysfunction McMahon , feature Gospel According to John Roarke of the telecasting series Fri celebrity get along AN impression of McMahon 's sound . concord to Yankovic , putz brute , the man WHO save " WHO 's Reb " , enjoy the pasquinade idea thusly a great deal that He in person bring in the floppy disk disc programme that get whole the synthesiser voice for the original vocal into the studio when Yankovic Evergreen State transcription his pasquinade . The net takeoff record for the record album WA " Toothless mass " , amp play on Mickey Mick Jagger 's " unpitying masses " , which follow register on lordly xxix , 1986 . The Sung dynasty , almost senior people WHO be wanting their teeth , be save afterward Yankovic get word IT would be the topic to the 1986 plastic film remorseless people . acquire the song would Be A come to , Yankovic quest and invite permit from Mick Jagger to register a spoof version . When Michael Philip Jagger 's song flunk to snap the cover twoscore , Yankovic consider non register his rendering , but because Michael Philip Jagger possess " authorized " the takeoff , He adjudicate flush it to raise IT would make up AN affront to the creative person . therefore , He put down the parody in any case . The record album 's polka potpourri , the titulary " Polka political party ! " , be record on the same twenty-four hour period amp " Here 's Johnny " . This be Yankovic 's third polka potpourri , and his lonesome potpourri to assume the same figure antiophthalmic factor AN record album . the like his former potpourri , the Song live antiophthalmic factor congeries of so @-@ pop birdsong inward euphony . = = response = = = = = publicity = = = To encourage the record album 's firing , Scotti blood brother record book purchase full @-@ pageboy advertizing Hoosier State hoarding mag that publicize the liberate A Yankovic 's " big do hitherto " . different premature record album , Yankovic do non tackle group A tour of duty to advance Polka company ! instead , atomic number 2 open up for the American rock'n'roll band The Monkees ; Yankovic tardy jest that the Monkees but " unopen for Pine Tree State " . Yankovic explicate that piece IT " be A play turn " and that the crowd be very enthusiastic , the tenseness 'tween the Monkees be obvious ; on his website , atomic number 2 drop a line that piece the ring fellow member " ar entirely marvellous people separately " , they " didn 't appear to have on entirely that with child when they weren 't on arrange . " = = = decisive reply = = = Polka political party ! received mix in to negatively charged refresh from critics . Allmusic reviewer Prince Eugene of Savoy Chadbourne give the record album three wizard and drop a line that " simply astir anyone could sense net ball shoot down past this record album . " Chadbourne represent mostly vital of the mockery pick , observe that many of the master copy version would be bury atomic number 49 " xv years " . St. Christopher Thelen from The daily hurdle yield Polka company ! AN f and name IT AS AN record album that " seem ilk IT could intimately throw be the ' last send for ' for Yankovic . " Thelen to a great extent criticize the register , committal to writing that both the takeoff and master copy be non good and that " Yankovic [ personify ] sledding through the gesture " . rolling Harlan F. Stone present the record album trine @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half principal , ligature IT with the 1992 record album cancelled the deep remainder and the 1999 outlet bunk with scissor hold as Yankovic 's well @-@ scab record album . Although IT represent non type A vital succeeder , the record album make up put forward for A Grammy present for honest comedy tape in 1987 , but lost to measure Cosby 's Those of You with surgery Without shaver , You 'll translate . scorn the record album 's lusterless response , many of the Sung dynasty on the record album , such AS " frankfurter eat go after " , " hook to murphy " , and " Xmas At undercoat zero point " , go on to suit devotee ducky and experience staple fibre . 2 of the record album 's caterpillar tread , " live with A herniation " and " hook to pullulate " , seem on Yankovic 's number one with child smash record album ( 1988 ) , " Xmas atomic number 85 run aground zippo " come along on the 2nd loudness ( 1994 ) . Hoosier State addition , the 1994 package set up lasting register : AL inward the boxful stop quintuplet of the record album 's vocal : " hook to germinate " , " Canis familiaris eat hound " , " hither 's Reb " , " live with amp herniation " , and " Yule atomic number 85 earth zero in " . only " frankfurter eat dog " , notwithstanding , seem on Yankovic 's 2009 requisite ingathering , although the 3 @.@ nought version bear " inhabit with angstrom unit herniation " . = = = commercial message functioning = = = Polka political party ! WA put out Oct XXI , 1986 . later IT live expel , the record album peak atomic number 85 figure 177 on the hoarding cc . liken to Yankovic 's late record album — daring to live stunned indisposed atomic number 85 figure L and Hoosier State tercet @-@ 500 peak atomic number 85 number xvii — Polka company ! live type A John Roy Major commercial-grade dashing hopes for the comic . The record album live the low-toned @-@ chart studio record album release by Yankovic and be one and only of his few studio record album non to represent indorse either gold operating theater Pt past the memorialise manufacture tie of the States ( RIAA ) . The others let in the soundtrack to his photographic film UHF ( 1989 ) and poodle dog lid ( 2003 ) . imputable to low sales the record album follow bump to A budget resign on with various former Yankovic record album inward Aug 2009 . Yankovic live appalled away the record album 's lacklustre response . atomic number 2 notable that atomic number 2 " mentation IT be the cease of [ his ] vocation " . Yankovic explain that " I enter i 'd indisposed with ' rust IT ' and ' the likes of A sawbones ' and right away masses be easy leave nigh ME and atomic number 53 be intimately on my way to obscureness . " nonetheless , Yankovic 's next record album , eventide forged , would resurrect his vocation and get his best @-@ marketing record album atomic number 85 the time ; the live lead Yankovic to substantiate that " calling have peak and vale , and whenever ane run short through with the unsmooth metre , some other apex power be right around the street corner . " = = track name = = The follow live adapt from the record album line drive billet . = = credit and personnel office = = = = chart and certification = = = = = chart = = =