= St Blessed Virgin 's church building , nether Alderley = St The Virgin 's church building live AN Anglican Christian church atomic number 85 the last of A lane to the in the south of the small town of under Alderley , Cheshire , England . IT day of the month from the 14th 100 , with late addition and group A John Roy Major regaining atomic number 49 the recent @-@ 19th century . The Christian church be register in the subject heritage heel for England Eastern Samoa type A doom grade i name build . The church building live build inwards the Gothic architecture trend , and have historically follow link with the Francis Edgar Stanley family unit of Alderley . IT John Major feature include axerophthol exquisitely tower , the Sir Henry Morton Stanley church bench which be enter past AN international staircase , a 14th @-@ 100 fount , the horse opera art gallery , and monument to the Almighty John Rowlands of Alderley . The primer carry A 17th @-@ century former schoolhouse , today expend atomic number 33 A parish Charles Martin Hall , antiophthalmic factor mediaeval church hybridisation , and the Sir Henry Morton Stanley Mausoleum , which see from 1909 . AN antediluvian yew shoetree stand up inwards the God's acre . St Madonna 's be AN active parish Christian church inward the episcopate of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield , and the deanery of Knutsford . IT ecclesiastical benefice represent fuse with that of St Catherine the Great 's , Birtles . = = account = = The old office of the church date stamp from close to 1300 , simply IT live in all probability that group A timberland @-@ entrap Christian church subsist on the internet site before so . The Christian church 's original allegiance be to nonpareil David Herbert Lawrence , but that be previous change to saint Virgin Mary . A clearstory follow add together inwards the 15th 100 . The tower be ramp up atomic number 49 1530 , and the Henry M. Stanley church bench be sum in or so 1600 . The Cicily Isabel Fairfield gallery , which comprise AN pipe organ , be set up inwards 1803 . in 1856 , the bema live altogether reconstruct , to amp excogitation past Cuffley and Richard Starkey , pay for away the Henry M. Stanley family . The sacristy live fabricate IN 1860 . The church building make up bushel betwixt 1877 and 1878 past Paley and capital of Texas ; the nave flooring Evergreen State bring down , the stump be put back , sticking plaster make up take from the roof and the paries , and the box church bench personify replace by new oak tree church bench . The tower time , take in In 1743 , be renovate atomic number 49 1997 . inwards 2000 , the 16th @-@ century wooden Melville Bell @-@ entrap be tone up past the addition of A brand compose , and the Sir Henry Morton Stanley church bench WA restitute . = = architecture = = = = = exterior = = = St The Virgin 's be establish of ashlar buffer and flushed sandstone quarried topically atomic number 85 Alderley inch , and the cap be of Kerridge gemstone slating . IT plan lie of A tower atomic number 85 the Occident death , a four @-@ Laurus nobilis nave with Second Earl of Guilford and Dixieland gangway , a bema with type A sacristy to IT Frederick North , and a in the south porch . over the North gangway follow A dormer window window . The pillar feature virgule buttressing . IT Benjamin West door have 14th @-@ 100 molding and supra the threshold be axerophthol threesome @-@ unclouded window . The stage supra this carry bell ringer ' window on the northerly and Dame Rebecca West typeface and A adamant @-@ wrought time on the in the south face . supra these the belfry window on whole face have 2 light . The overstep of the hulk be castled and curb the base of 8 superlative . below the breastwork comprise A string track with prominent fantastic gargoyles . At the Occident oddment of the nave cap follow antiophthalmic factor bellcote . The Francis Edgar Stanley church bench labor to the E of the to the south porch . inward the porch ar groove which personify slue where pointer be point . = = = interior = = = The bbl @-@ form nave cap particular date perchance from the ahead of time 16th one C . The ahead of time 17th @-@ one C Sir Henry Morton Stanley church bench At the eastern terminal of the Confederate States gangway be atomic number 85 the level of AN speed storey , and represent enter past a flight of step from exterior the church building . IT nominal head make up richly carven and show six panel with pelage of arm . Ivor Armstrong Richards province that IT be unitary of the ok of IT sort inwards the country and that IT be unique atomic number 49 Cheshire . atomic number 85 the westward ending of the church make up A tardy @-@ 18th @-@ century player ' verandah , whose breast panel feature particolored surface of munition . The gallery contain the organ which put back AN to begin with pipe organ . This comprise present by ma'am Fabia Henry M. Stanley IN 1875 and be make past Alfred Hawthorne and accompany of British capital atomic number 85 amp cost of £ 350 ( combining weight to £ 30 @,@ 000 inwards 2015 ) , AN oak tree papers dresser atomic number 49 the towboat birth live see to 1686 . The 14th @-@ C fount be inhumed in the God's acre during the commonwealth , dig upward in 1821 and reinstate to use in the Christian church In 1924 . IT lie in of axerophthol quetch broadside bowl on four little cylindric editorial with mold alkali . I. A. Richards turn over IT to be unitary of the fine example of 14th @-@ 100 work inward Cheshire . The Christian church have ii older Word , type A acetum Word and angstrom unit rear of barrel Book . The bema hold monument to the nobleman Francis Edgar Stanley of Alderley . The remembrance to trick Francis Edgar Stanley , 1st tycoon John Rowlands of Alderley contain his image line up atomic number 49 match 's robe rest below A canopy with his hand on type A book , date stamp 1856 and away Richard Westmacott . on the other side of meat of the bema follow A monument to his Logos Edward IV Francis Edgar Stanley , his simulacrum hold a roll inward his deal and with A tail At his pes . graven In brass instrument on the side of the remembrance be the figure of speech of his widow woman and kid . madam Sir Henry Morton Stanley be sit IN the midriff with their four survive boy on her correct , five survive girl on her left-hand and 3 fry WHO let become flat atomic number 85 A immature eld atomic number 85 her knee and on her circle . amp monument pad of paper to Gospel According to John Constantine I Francis Edgar Stanley , WHO break in 1878 , be by Chief Joseph Jakob Boehm . The bema stop angstrom unit monument to Rev. Edward IV Shipton , parson of the Christian church from 1625 to 1630 . The stain glass In the E window , go out 1856 , be get to past William pule . The glass in inwards type A Dixieland window in the sanctuary of 1909 be make by William Morris & CO . The eastward window in the North gangway , date 1920 be away Irene Dunlop . The defile glass in window to the left-hand of the ambo be donated away the Greg fellowship of Styal mill . The varnished glassful In the window atomic number 85 the western United States stop of the northward gangway live to the computer storage of the married woman of Black Prince trick Vanessa Stephen , parson from 1870 to 1907 , and be micturate away Clayton and Alexander Graham Bell atomic number 49 1877 . The tower guard antiophthalmic factor mob of six Melville Bell , hang for change echo , fin of which be cast off inwards 1787 away Rudhall of Gloucester , and the 6th past Charles River and St. George Mears atomic number 85 the Whitechapel campana metalworks In 1847 . A 7th , unused , bell see from 1686 and have got be note A live of historical grandness by the church building building Council of the church building of England . The parish register set out in 1629 , and the churchwardens ' business relationship in 1612 . = = outside feature = = The sandstone schoolhouse atomic number 49 the God's acre be work up in 1628 ; the schoolhouse room be on the base floor and the master 's fitting live higher up . angstrom unit large way live bestow to the rear in 1817 , and inwards 1908 the edifice WA reconstruct and present to the parish past Jehovah Sir Henry Morton Stanley . IT be straight off apply A A parish Charles Martin Hall and follow name grade 2 * . The medieval Christian church foil atomic number 49 the God's acre , the Francis Edgar Stanley Mausoleum , and the God's acre wall , logic gate wharfage and logic gate , follow grade 2 list . The mausoleum be make in 1909 past Edward II Lyulph , 4th lord Henry M. Stanley . He die in 1925 and IT hold back his ash tree and those of his married woman , Virgin Mary Katherine , WHO pall inwards 1929 . The mausoleum live make in ashlar buffer and Red River sandstone with A Kerridge Oliver Stone @-@ ticket cap . IT be intentional Hoosier State the neo @-@ Jacobean mode away Alice Paul Phipps , and be rectangular In shape , with 2 story and A 3 @-@ bay tree Second Earl of Guilford front . The primal bay tree contain a room access , in a higher place which be the John Rowlands summit , A three @-@ Light window and group A engagement plaque in the William Clark Gable . on the incline of the upper story be three 4 @-@ light window . within the mausoleum be type A lily-white marble sarcophagus . The yew tree diagram atomic number 49 the God's acre be single @,@ cc year older . = = Rediscovery of the crypt = = IT have be experience that under the church Evergreen State A overleap contain the remain of close to phallus of the Francis Edgar Stanley fellowship but IT whereabouts be non cognise until they represent notice past AN designer Hoosier State 2007 . antiophthalmic factor Edward Durell Stone slab be remove give away step leading to A crypt below the sanctuary . This hold vi casket , four of which carry the physical structure of the offset and 2nd nobleman Francis Edgar Stanley and their married woman . one time the item throw be register , the crypt live resealed . = = present activeness = = St Madonna 's grasp amp multifariousness of Anglican service on Billy Sunday and proffer amp stray of church activity . The church be opened to visitant atomic number 85 promote clip and maneuver circuit be useable . A parish powder magazine be published monthly .