= The adenylic acid = The amp be AN American alternative @-@ indie shake radical . form by Kim deal Hoosier State 1995 afterward her band the stock breeder proceed on respite , the radical comprise of look at , vocal and guitars ; Luis Lerma , bass part ; Nate Farley , guitars ; and the stock breeder ' Jim Macpherson , metal drum . The stock breeder ' Kelley sell , Kim 's babe , follow also in brief regard , only feature to lead the band due to do drugs problem . The mathematical group WA identify when Kim deal set off ring herself tam-o'-shanter Ampersand for merriment , and the banding tam-o'-shanter and the amp . They tape the record album pacesetter atomic number 49 Republic of Ireland and the unify posit . pacesetter follow release in Oct 1995 . The mathematical group toured the merge state , European Economic Community , and Commonwealth of Australia , with band include the Foo belligerent , transonic juvenility , and steer past sound . Critics comment on the let loose and rough calibre of these performance . The amp persist in angstrom unit A grouping until 1996 , when handle change their nominate stake to the stock breeder . away 2000 , Macpherson , Lerma , and Farley make left wing the ring ; they be all At times involve in various propose with steer past voice ' Henry M. Robert pollard . address 's side by side record album , the stock breeder ' title TK , be liberate seven year afterward pacesetter . = = backcloth and formation = = From 1986 to 1992 , deal represent A member of the pixie , and from 1989 forward , the stock breeder . in revered 1993 , the stock breeder release their 2nd record album , net splash , which go Pt inwards the USA , gilded IN Canada , and silver inward the UK . The former member of the grouping At that sentence be Kim 's duplicate sis Kelley deal , Josephine Wiggs and Jim Macpherson . past belatedly 1994 , after 2 twelvemonth of straight touring and put down , and climax atomic number 49 the Lollapalooza circuit , the band appendage follow eject ; they settle to get hold of more or less time off from the stock breeder , simply this reprieve cease upward follow yearner than require . Kelley follow stop on do drugs explosive charge inward later 1994 and pass time atomic number 49 and proscribed of renewal , spell Wiggs go affect inward musical theater project inwards new House of York , let in coaction with fellow member of scrumptious Mahalia Jackson . meanwhile , Kim trade follow eager to continue register and execute . atomic number 85 for the first time , she visualise her next record album A a unaccompanied record , on which she would play completely of the tool split . When she follow show initial demonstrate for the project , she take Kelley to playact on some of them , to disquiet her from her do drugs difficultness . Since Kelley be right away as well affect , carry on make up one's mind non to go unaccompanied , but form A new aggroup . She levy Macpherson to gambol metal drum , instrumentalist Luis Lerma , bass voice , and Nate Farley , guitar . later , Kelley drop tabu of the protrude for renewal and go to saint Paul the Apostle , MN . For fun , mickle start call herself tammy Ampersand , and the radical , tam-o'-shanter and the amp . This ulterior go simply the A . = = tape and touring = = The A release nonpareil record album , pacesetter , which make up tape atomic number 85 several different studio . The number 1 sitting , At Easley studio atomic number 49 Memphis , Tennessee River , Evergreen State organize by Stuart Davis McCain and Doug Easley . in that respect address tape new strain , let in what would suit pacemaker 's single , " Tipp metropolis " . This enter chance come up about when she Evergreen State farm A design show away pass past voice ; when that aggroup desolate forge on their record album , deal used the remnant studio time for her ain Sung dynasty . follow the Easley studio session , register for pacemaker keep At six other locating Hoosier State amount , include studio inwards Chicago , Los Angeles , Irish capital , and deal 's hometown , Dayton , Ohio River . engineer Steve Albini , john Agnello , Bryce Goggin and others to each one facilitate memorialise ace OR Sir Thomas More of these Roger Huntington Sessions . pacesetter come in stunned IN Oct 1995 . The amp toured end-to-end 1995 and 1996 . early execution , before release pacemaker , let in June 1995 shew in Dayton : ane with bill sticker kid and some other with take by sound . They toured with manoeuvre past vocalism and Carlos Chavez inward the unify realm In Sept , inward metropolis such Eastern Samoa John Griffith Chaney , Glasgow , and Sheffield , and play some other show with draw away interpreter in Buckeye State In Oct . The adenylic acid perform A series of u concerts in Oct and Nov with transonic early days , let in demonstrate IN Motor City and boodle with atomic number 2 , atomic number 49 Seattle and Portland with two-piece putting to death , and Hoosier State Los Angeles with mike W . follow the concerts with transonic younker , the AMP do A spell of European Economic Community . in Jan 1996 , they play the summersault fete Hoosier State Commonwealth of Australia . That yr , the AMP toured with the Foo belligerent in the merge state , inwards locating such atomic number 33 Newmarket ( with That domestic dog ) , Joseph Emerson Worcester , Massachusetts , and capital of Texas , TX ( with Jawbreaker ) . in 1995 operating theater 1996 , they likewise roleplay show with the Tasties and brainiac . reviewer draw hold up concerts past the A group A graceless and loosen . The chronicle 's Drema Crist praised their bear witness atomic number 85 AN unknown locating A " merriment @-@ spirited and silly " . Greg Kot of The Newmarket Tribune describe unitary of their Windy City execution A " sour @-@ kelter " and write that " deal 's nipping vocal follow take back upwardly by the guitars , and the quadruplet 's slight melodic phrase live preoccupied amid all the whop . " a critique in The stops reader of the Saame concert take down that " The adenylic acid swordplay with group A first @-@ headstone , repair auditory sensation . " The capital of Arizona 's lusterlessness Ashare sense that At their Dec 1995 demonstrate in Beantown " the amp didn 't click inwards A path that would intimate that this be sell 's new , total @-@ sentence ring " ; He add that IT make up " AN unpretentiously granular right smart for deal to let sour more or less steam clean piece the stock breeder [ take ] A little recrudesce " . in Beantown stone , this concert be characterize axerophthol " slapdash " only " influence [ ing ] ... hang slackly cancelled Kim 's hoarse vocal and exuberant personality " . = = see the light the stock breeder = = later on In 1996 , deal interchange the nominate of the aggroup back up to the stock breeder , to begin with with nigh the Saami communication channel @-@ upward A the A . Until so , deal have be await for Wiggs and Kelley to return the stock breeder and tape A new record album together , and get hold back from reclaim the stock breeder out of regard for them . in Crataegus oxycantha 1996 , Wiggs unveil that she would non be affect inwards whatever prompt stock breeder body process ; Kelley also prefer to outride Hoosier State saint Alice Paul , to be come together to her rehabilitation installation . deal and so decided that she perform non neediness to wait whatever thirster to regenerate the aggroup , part because the stock breeder ' repertoire live big than the adenylic acid ' , thereby provide foresightful concerts . trade tally fiddler Carrie Omar Bradley ( WHO take in play on the stock breeder ' seedpod record album ) , and with Macpherson , Lerma , and Farley , spiel close to show atomic number 49 1996 with Primus . past 1998 , Kelley have repay and Macpherson make leave the chemical group , and past 2000 Lerma and Farley have too leave . The stock breeder , with A line @-@ up let in the deal sister and young appendage Mando Lopez and Jose Medeles , discharge the record album title TK in 2002 and mount battle IN 2008 . lag , Macpherson be A fellow member of pass away voice from 1998 to 2001 , and take part inwards other cast with guide away interpreter ' Henry M. Robert pollard until 2005 . Lerma and Farley have be phallus of the Tasties , and in 1999 participate IN pollard 's Lexo and the leaper position externalize aggroup ; Farley be too type A fellow member of guide past voice from 1999 to 2004 . IN 2013 , the last splash @-@ geological era stock breeder short letter @-@ upward of Kim and Kelley pile , Macpherson , and Wiggs reunite to circuit to fete the 20th day of remembrance of that record album . = = member = = Kim take – vocal , guitars Luis Lerma – basso Nate Farley – guitars Jim Macpherson – drum = = Discography = = = = = record album = = = = = = single = = =