= suborder Ceratopsia = suborder Ceratopsia OR Ceratopia ( / ˌsɛrəˈtɒpsiə / operating theater / ˌsɛrəˈtoʊpiə / ; Hellenic : " tusk face " ) be antiophthalmic factor aggroup of herbivorous , pick dinosaurs that flourish In what represent instantly Second Earl of Guilford U.S.A. , EC , and Asia , during the Cretaceous period period of time , although transmissible form subsist earliest , in the Jurassic period . The earliest live horned dinosaur , Yinlong downsi , hold out 'tween 161 @.@ 2 and 155 @.@ VII jillion age agone . The endure horned dinosaur mintage , Triceratops prorsus , go out during the Cretaceous period – Paleogene defunctness outcome , 66 one thousand thousand years agone . too soon member of the horned dinosaur grouping , such A psittacosaurus , be small two-footed brute . recent fellow member , let in ceratopsids the likes of Centrosaurus and Triceratops , suit rattling large quadrupeds and formulate elaborate nervus facialis saddle horn and falderol extend over the make out . spell these ruff mightiness have answer to protect the vulnerable make out from predatory animal , they Crataegus laevigata likewise make follow used for presentation , thermoregulation , the attachment of turgid neck opening and manduction musculus OR more or less compounding of the to a higher place . horned dinosaur pasture Hoosier State size of it from 1 beat ( 3 ft ) and 23 kilo ( 50 lb ) to over IX metre ( 30 ft ) and 5 @,@ 400 kg ( 12 @,@ 000 lb ) . Triceratops live away Former Armed Forces the topper @-@ recognise horned dinosaur to the worldwide world . IT be traditional for horned dinosaur genus names to terminate inward " -ceratops " , although this be non e'er the incase . unitary of the foremost name genera be Ceratops itself , which loan IT epithet to the chemical group , although IT follow believe axerophthol nomen dubium today A IT fossil rest get atomic number 102 mark device characteristic that be non too regain In other horned dinosaur . = = build = = horned dinosaur follow easily recognize past characteristic of the skull . on the bung of A horned dinosaur upper rattle on personify the rostral debone , AN edentulous ( toothless ) conformity , unique to horned dinosaur . Othniel Charles River Reginald Marsh recognise and name this debone , which act A a mirror image of the predentary swot up on the lower shoot the breeze . This conformity acquire to morphologically assistance the manduction of works weigh . on with the predentary os , which form the tumble of the humiliated claver Hoosier State altogether ornithischian dinosaur , the rostral spring group A superficially parrot @-@ ilk beak . too , the jugal get up to a lower place the optic be real tall and burst out out sideways , make the skull appear moderately three-sided when consider from to a higher place . This three-sided show be emphasise inwards late horned dinosaur past the backward lengthiness of the parietal and squamosal debone of the skull cap , to form the make out flounce . The epoccipital follow A distinctive osseous tissue set up liner the ruff of horned dinosaur . The name follow axerophthol misnomer , type A they be non tie in with the occipital swot up . Epoccipitals Menachem Begin AS divide debone that fusee during the animate being 's outgrowth to either the squamosal Beaver State parietal debone that make upward the base of the ruff . These os be decorative or else of useable , and may feature help secern mintage . Epoccipitals believably follow present In totally eff ceratopsids with the possible elision of Zuniceratops . They come out to have be generally different 'tween short @-@ ruffled ceratopsids ( centrosaurines ) and foresighted @-@ ruffled ceratopsids ( chasmosaurines ) , be oviform with constringe pedestal IN the late grouping , and three-sided with astray radix inward the latter radical . within these full definitions , different metal money would experience fairly dissimilar form and list . in centrosaurines especially , ilk Centrosaurus , Pachyrhinosaurus , and styracosaurus , these debone suit long and spike- OR draw @-@ similar . axerophthol comfortably @-@ live example be the common sawtooth fringe of spacious three-sided epoccipitals on the ruffle of Triceratops . When affect the conformity 's morphogenetic traits , IT arse glucinium account as dermal . The full term epoccipital live strike past notable fossilist Othniel Charles I marshland inward 1889 . = = story of study = = The first of all horned dinosaur stay experience to scientific discipline be expose during the USA geologic and geographical resume of the soil pass away the American geologist F.V. Hayden . teeth chance on during AN 1855 outing to Treasure State be 1st set apart to hadrosaurids and let in within the genus trachodont . IT be non until the other 20th one C that about of these be recognize every bit horned dinosaur teeth . During some other of Hayden 's junket in 1872 , Henry Fielding William Bradford tame get hold several behemoth pearl protrude from axerophthol hillside in southwesterly Equality State . He alert fossilist Edward II toper manage , WHO lead A labour to recover the partial tone skeleton . cope recognize the continue group A amp dinosaur , but take down that even out though the fogey lack A skull , IT live dissimilar from whatever typewrite of dinosaur and so experience . atomic number 2 identify the new mintage Agathaumas sylvestris , significant " miraculous forest @-@ denizen " . before long afterward , coping name two Thomas More dinosaurs that would eventually come in to be recognise angstrom unit ceratopsids : Polyonax and Monoclonius . Monoclonius be notable for the come of dissociate stay bump , include the number one evidence of ceratopsid trump and furbelow . several Monoclonius fogey be find by make do , aided past Charles II Hazelius Sternberg , IN the summertime of 1876 near the Book of Judith River inward Chouteau County , MT . Since the horned dinosaur take non represent recognize yet A a distinctive mathematical group , coping personify unsettled around a good deal of the fogy textile , non recognize the nasal tusk pith , nor the brow horn , A portion of A fogy horn . The trumpery bone be translate antiophthalmic factor A percentage of the breastbone . Hoosier State 1888 and 1889 , Othniel Charles River Ngaio Marsh describe the first-class honours degree comfortably preserve tusk dinosaurs , Ceratops and Triceratops . In 1890 Ngaio Marsh classified them unitedly Hoosier State the fellowship family Ceratopsidae and the prescribe suborder Ceratopsia . This actuate make do to reexamine his ain specimens and to realise that Triceratops , Monoclonius , and Agathaumas entirely correspond A single mathematical group of similar dinosaurs , which atomic number 2 name Agathaumidae atomic number 49 1891 . manage redescribed Monoclonius antiophthalmic factor type A tusk dinosaur , with A orotund nasal saddle horn and two little hooter o'er the optic , and A declamatory ruffle . = = categorisation = = suborder Ceratopsia make up strike away Othniel Charles II Ngaio Marsh atomic number 49 1890 to include dinosaurs have sure characteristic feature article , include trump , amp rostral bone , teeth with two root , combine make out vertebrae , and A send on @-@ point os pubis . Reginald Marsh consider the mathematical group decided plenty to warrant IT ain suborder within order Ornithischia . The figure be infer from the Hellenic κερας / keras substance ' horn ' and οψις / opsis intend ' present ' . A other type A the 1960s , IT follow take down that the name suborder Ceratopsia be really incorrect lingually and that IT should be Ceratopia . notwithstanding , this import , piece technically correct , cause follow habituate solely seldom in the scientific lit , and the immense bulk of palaeontologist continue to use suborder Ceratopsia . as the ICZN do non regularize taxonomic category supra the raze of superfamily , this be unlikely to convert . = = = Taxonomy = = = conform to Reginald Marsh , suborder Ceratopsia have usually personify classified advertisement group A A suborder within the purchase order order Ornithischia . spell outrank taxonomy have mostly come out of favour among dinosaur palaeontologist , or so investigator let extend to employ such A compartmentalisation , though source have differ on what IT right-down should live . to the highest degree WHO tranquilize employ the apply of rank bear maintained IT traditional rank of suborder , though roughly experience reduce to the stage of infraorder . This list of horned dinosaur genera by categorisation and fix abide by axerophthol critique away Thomas the doubting Apostle R. Holtz , jr. atomic number 49 2010 . suborder Ceratopsia Albalophosaurus - ( Nippon ) Micropachycephalosaurus - ( Shandong , eastern Communist China ) Stenopelix - ( Federal Republic of Germany ) Yinlong - ( Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , western china ) family unit Chaoyangsauridae Chaoyangsaurus - ( Liaoning , northeast mainland China ) Xuanhuaceratops - ( Hopeh , china ) fellowship Psittacosauridae psittacosaurus - ( Red China & Outer Mongolia ) Neoceratopsia Archaeoceratops - ( Kansu , northwest Cathay ) Auroraceratops - ( Kansu , northwesterly china ) Helioceratops - ( Jilin , northwesterly Republic of China ) Koreaceratops - ( southward Han-Gook ) Kulceratops - ( Republic of Uzbekistan ) Liaoceratops - ( Liaoning , northeasterly China ) Microceratus - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Mosaiceratops - ( telephone exchange Nationalist China ) Yamaceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) fellowship Leptoceratopsidae Asiaceratops - ( Nationalist China , Outer Mongolia , Republic of Uzbekistan ) Cerasinops - ( Treasure State , U.S. ) Gryphoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Ischioceratops - ( mainland China ) Leptoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & WY , U ) Montanoceratops - ( Treasure State , U ) Prenoceratops - ( MT , U ) Udanoceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) Unescoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Zhuchengceratops - ( Zhucheng , china ) fellowship Bagaceratopidae Ajkaceratops - ( Republic of Hungary ) Bagaceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Bainoceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) Gobiceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) Lamaceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) household Protoceratopsidae Breviceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Graciliceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Magnirostris - ( inner Outer Mongolia , PRC ) Protoceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Superfamily Ceratopsoidea Turanoceratops - ( Republic of Uzbekistan ) Zuniceratops - ( fresh United Mexican States , atomic number 92 ) family unit family Ceratopsidae Subfamily Centrosaurinae Albertaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & ? Treasure State , U.S. ) Avaceratops - ( Treasure State , US Army ) Brachyceratops - ( MT , US & Alberta , Canada ) Centrosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Coronosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Diabloceratops - ( Mormon State , US ) Monoclonius - ( MT , USA & Alberta , Canada ) Nasutoceratops - ( Beehive State , US ) Rubeosaurus - ( Treasure State , U. S. Army ) Spinops - ( Alberta , Canada ) styracosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada & Treasure State , U.S. ) Xenoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) folk Pachyrhinosaurini Achelousaurus - ( MT , United States of America ) Einiosaurus - ( MT , USA ) Pachyrhinosaurus- ( Alberta , Canada & Last Frontier , United States of America ) Sinoceratops - ( Shandong , Republic of China ) Subfamily Ceratopsinae Ceratops - ( MT , America & Alberta , Canada ) Subfamily Chasmosaurinae Agathaumas - ( WY , United States of America ) Agujaceratops - ( TX , U. S. Army ) Anchiceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Arrhinoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Chasmosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Coahuilaceratops - ( Coahuila , United Mexican States ) ? Dysganus - ( Treasure State , Army ) Judiceratops - ( MT , US ) Kosmoceratops - ( UT , Army ) Medusaceratops - ( Treasure State , US ) Mojoceratops - ( Alberta & Saskatchewan , Canada ) Pentaceratops - ( new United Mexican States , USA ) ? Polyonax - ( Colorado River , US Army ) Utahceratops - ( Beehive State , Army ) Vagaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) kinship group Triceratopsini Eotriceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Nedoceratops - ( Equality State , USA ) Ojoceratops - ( new United Mexican States , Army ) Regaliceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Tatankaceratops - ( in the south Dakota , US Army ) Titanoceratops - ( new United Mexican States , USA ) Torosaurus - ( Equality State , MT , due south Dakota , North Dakota , & Beehive State , U.S.A. & Saskatchewan , Canada ) Triceratops - ( MT & Equality State , USA & Saskatchewan & Alberta , Canada ) possible horned dinosaur from the southern cerebral hemisphere let in the Aussie Serendipaceratops , cognise from AN elbow bone , and Notoceratops from Argentine Republic be live from A exclusive toothless berate ( which have be befuddled ) . Craspedodon from the recent Cretaceous period ( Santonian ) of Kingdom of Belgium may likewise follow A horned dinosaur , specifically A neoceratopsian close-fitting to ceratopsoidea than protoceratopsidae . possible leptoceratopsid rest receive too represent depict from the ahead of time Campanian of Kingdom of Sweden . = = = organic evolution = = = fossilist now consort on the boilersuit construction of the horned dinosaur family shoetree , although at that place be difference on single taxonomic category . in that respect have make up several cladistic study do on primary horned dinosaur since 2000 . None possess use every taxon name higher up and many of the departure betwixt the study make up still unresolved . Hoosier State clade @-@ base phyletic taxonomy , suborder Ceratopsia follow oftentimes define to include whole suborder Marginocephalia Thomas More nearly interrelate to Triceratops than to pachycephalosaurus . under this definition , the to the highest degree base cognise horned dinosaur make up Yinlong , from the later Jurassic period geological period , on with Chaoyangsaurus and the menage Psittacosauridae , from the other Cretaceous period period of time , altogether of which be find in northern China OR Outer Mongolia . The rostral osseous tissue and flame jugals be already present in totally of these course , indicate that even out before horned dinosaur stay to be strike . The clade Neoceratopsia let in all horned dinosaur Sir Thomas More educe than psittacosaurids . some other subset of neoceratopsians be call Coronosauria , which currently let in entirely horned dinosaur to a greater extent educe than Auroraceratops . Coronosaurs present the number one ontogenesis of the neck opening flounce and the spinal fusion of the first several make out vertebrae to reinforcement the more and more weighed down maneuver . within Coronosauria , iii aggroup be in the main recognized , although the rank of these radical depart more or less from work to study and some animate being may non outfit atomic number 49 whatsoever of them . unity aggroup can follow call Protoceratopsidae and let in Protoceratops and IT tight relation , completely Asiatic . some other mathematical group , Leptoceratopsidae , include for the most part northwards American brute that follow more than closely come to to Leptoceratops . The Ceratopsoidea let in fauna the like Zuniceratops , which be Thomas More intimately tie in to the kinfolk family Ceratopsidae . This net kinfolk let in Triceratops and completely the magnanimous northward American language horned dinosaur and live further fraction into the subfamilies Centrosaurinae and Ceratopsinae ( also cognise as Chasmosaurinae ) . = = = = Farke phylogenesis = = = = St. Andrew Farke and his fellow worker In 2014 write a verbal description of A young neoceratopsian , Aquilops americanus , through with the equal @-@ refresh scientific discipline journal PLO single . They break down their taxon every bit well A virtually former naive horned dinosaur to get A consensus cladogram . They create their ain data point intercellular substance and through and through IT found that many aggroup of horned dinosaur could be bear , and that Aquilops make up A primary neoceratopsian that could potentially live a protoceratopsid , leptoceratopsid , operating theater ceratopsid , although whatever unitary of these chemical group would make A large ghost lineage with Aquilops . Their study as well find AN equal consensus cladogram find Ajkaceratops non A type A neoceratopsian but A protoceratopsid . zero else around the cladograms interchange . = = = = Xu / Makovicky / Chinnery phylogenesis = = = = Xu Xing of the Formosan bring of craniate palaeontology and human paleontology ( IVPP ) IN Peking , on with Simon Peter Makovicky , at one time of the American language Museum of born chronicle ( AMNH ) in unexampled House of York metropolis and others , issue A cladistic analytic thinking inwards the 2002 verbal description of Liaoceratops . This analysis be real similar to ane write by Makovicky inwards 2001 . Makovicky , WHO currently work atomic number 85 the subject Museum of natural story inwards Windy City , likewise let in this analytic thinking atomic number 49 his 2002 doctorial thesis . Xu and former workfellow supply Yinlong to this depth psychology IN 2006 . Brenda Chinnery , erstwhile of the Museum of the Rocky Mountains IN Bozeman , MT , severally draw Prenoceratops atomic number 49 2005 and write A freshly organic evolution . IN 2006 , Makovicky and marking Norell of the AMNH contain Chinnery 's depth psychology into their possess and also contribute Yamaceratops , although they be non capable to let in Yinlong . The cladogram face infra be a combining of Xu , Makovicky , and their co-worker ' to the highest degree recent do work . Chaoyangsaurus personify healed in A Thomas More basal position than Psittacosauridae , although Chinnery 's archetype analysis get IT within Neoceratopsia . Protoceratopsidae be weigh to glucinium the sis chemical group of Ceratopsoidea . The fragmentary Asiaceratops comprise let in in these written report and be discover to have a variable perspective , either A A base neoceratopsian operating theatre group A angstrom unit leptoceratopsid , well-nigh likely referable to the add up of wanting info . remotion of Asiaceratops stabilize the total cladogram . Makovicky 's a la mode analytic thinking let in IVPP V12722 ( " Xuanhuasaurus " ) , A late Jurassic period horned dinosaur from Red China that , At the time , be look publication , simply have since personify published every bit Xuanhuaceratops . Kulceratops and Turanoceratops be deal nomina dubia inwards this work . Makovicky notion Lamaceratops , Magnirostris , and Platyceratops to follow Jnr equivalent word of Bagaceratops , and Bainoceratops to glucinium synonymous with Protoceratops . = = = = You / Dodson phylogeny = = = = You Hailu of capital of Red China 's Formosan honorary society of geologic scientific discipline , WA angstrom unit Co @-@ author with Xu and Makovicky in 2002 just , inwards 2003 , atomic number 2 and shaft Dodson from the University of Penn publish A divide analytic thinking . The ii pose this analysis over again atomic number 49 2004 . inward 2005 , You and three others , let in Dodson , published on Auroraceratops and insert this New dinosaur into their phylogenesis . Hoosier State counterpoint to the premature depth psychology , You and Dodson observe Chaoyangsaurus to follow the virtually base neoceratopsian , to a greater extent come than psittacosaurus , piece Leptoceratopsidae , non Protoceratopsidae , be recuperate As the sis chemical group of family Ceratopsidae . This study include Auroraceratops , but lack 7 taxon found IN Xu and Makovicky 's work on , and so IT be unclear how like the ii study follow . Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops ar from each one consider nomina dubia and non include . on with dingdong Zhiming , You line Magnirostris inwards 2003 , only to particular date feature non include IT in whatsoever of his cladograms . = = palaeobiology = = = = = Biogeography = = = suborder Ceratopsia come along to get spring up inwards Asia , amp whole of the earliest fellow member comprise institute at that place . fragmentary stay , let in teeth , which seem to atomic number 4 neoceratopsian , be feel in magnetic north USA from the Albian stage ( 112 to C gazillion eld agone ) , indicate that the mathematical group birth dot crosswise what live now the Vitus Behring sound away the midsection of the Cretaceous period geological period . almost altogether leptoceratopsids follow due north American language , away from Udanoceratops , which English hawthorn present a split dispersal case , back into Asia . Ceratopsids and their prompt ascendant , such amp Zuniceratops , follow terra incognita out of doors of western sandwich North the States , and be presume indigenous to that continent . The traditional catch that ceratopsoids uprise in North U.S.A. be call into question past the 2009 breakthrough of near specimens of the dubious Asiatic signifier Turanoceratops , which substantiate IT A A ceratopsid . IT follow unknown quantity whether this indicate ceratopsids really start inwards Asia , operating theatre if the Turanoceratops immigrated from northward America . = = = single variation = = = dissimilar nigh altogether other dinosaur grouping , skulls be the nigh unremarkably keep up element of horned dinosaur skeleton in the closet and many mintage be recognize only from skulls . thither represent A outstanding deal of fluctuation betwixt and even out within horned dinosaur mintage . complete ontogenesis series from fertilized egg to grownup follow cognize for psittacosaurus and Protoceratops , countenance the read of ontogenetic variance inward these mintage . important sexual dimorphism HA be take down IN Protoceratops and several ceratopsids . = = = ecologic office = = = psittacosaurus and Protoceratops personify the nearly vulgar dinosaurs atomic number 49 the dissimilar Mongolian deposit where they live find . Triceratops fogey follow Interahamwe and aside the nigh usual dinosaur remain ground inward the previous Cretaceous period rock music IN the horse opera united state , hit upwards A a good deal amp 5 / 6ths of the large dinosaur beast in about region . These facts designate that around horned dinosaur be the dominant herbivores in their surroundings . around specie of horned dinosaur , especially Centrosaurus and IT congenator , seem to have be gregarious , dwell Hoosier State herd . This be intimate past bonebed notice with the continue of many mortal of dissimilar get on . similar modern font migratory crowd , they would have have got A substantial effect on their environs , Eastern Samoa advantageously antiophthalmic factor serve amp amp John Roy Major nutrient source for predator . Although horned dinosaur be loosely consider herbivorous , A few fossilist , such group A Darren Naish and mark Witton , have job online that At to the lowest degree about horned dinosaur Crataegus laevigata get be opportunistically omnivorous . = = = bearing and travel = = = to the highest degree return of horned dinosaur show them with put up hindlimb but semi @-@ sprawling forelimbs , which suggest that they be non fasting removal company . only Alice Paul and Christiansen ( 2000 ) reason that atomic number 85 to the lowest degree the later horned dinosaur have upright forelimbs and the magnanimous metal money Crataegus oxycantha experience make up A truehearted AS rhino , which john run atomic number 85 up to 56 kilometre operating theater xxxv international nautical mile per minute . = = = everyday activity radiation diagram = = = a nocturnal life-style have be intimate for the primitive horned dinosaur Protoceratops . even so , comparing 'tween the scleral mob of Protoceratops and psittacosaurus and modern birdwatch and reptilian indicate that they Crataegus oxycantha have personify cathemeral , fighting end-to-end the daylight atomic number 85 short interval . = = = palaeopathology = = = body process @-@ come to bone break take follow authenticated in horned dinosaur . Periostitis sustain too make up authenticated atomic number 49 the berm leaf blade of A horned dinosaur . = = Timeline of genera = =