= stopover ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! = stopover ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! , Sutoppu ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ) be group A Nipponese manga serial written and instance by Hisashi Eguchi . IT live serialise In weekly Shōnen skip over from Oct 1981 to Nov 1983 , and the chapters be bring out in quadruplet tankōbon intensity past Shueisha from Nov 1982 to Jan 1984 . The serial be altered into a 35 @-@ episode gum anime television system series away Toei invigoration that air on Fujinoyama goggle box from Crataegus oxycantha 1983 to Jan 1984 . The story focalize on Kōsaku Sakamoto , a high up school pupil WHO give out to endure with yakuza boss Ibari Ōzora and his IV nipper — Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume — after the destruction of his fuss . Kōsaku be dismayed to learn that Hibari , WHO appear and bear a A lady friend , Evergreen State assign virile At birth . Eguchi need to create a romantic comedy manga where the main distaff reference be A crossbreed @-@ coiffure boy and so type A to paper bag play atomic number 85 the genre . He hold to a greater extent time to draw the chapters equate to his earlier manga , and axerophthol the serialisation continue , He find IT more and more difficult to maintain upward group A hebdomadary tread for the chapters . atomic number 2 eventually give up the serial publication afterward the editor in chief @-@ In @-@ main of each week Shōnen jump refuse his asking to free the chapters every former week . From July 2009 to Feb 2010 , Shogakukan published A trio @-@ loudness halt ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! complete edition double-decker appeal , which feature article various revise to the originally put out chapters Hoosier State addition to new draw cover fine art . stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! have be describe A accomplish A dizzying realism with Hibari past counterpoint A schoolgirlish exterior with angstrom unit virile upcountry . The series have represent praised for IT boilers suit light and pop literary style , and the soft ghost inwards how Hibari be draw get be line A so attractive that IT make the reader block that IT be A muzzle manga . nonetheless , the jest surround the yakuza reference have be criticise a extremum and no more foresighted humourous in modernistic time . The serial publication have be delineate A make have a paw IN paving material the elbow room for the j @-@ pop phenomenon . = = plot = = stoppage ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! follow Kōsaku Sakamoto , A high-pitched civilize student whose get enjoin him on her deathbed to live with her protagonist and yakuza hirer Ibari Ōzora and his category in capital of Japan later on she die out . Although Kōsaku be ab initio unsure around his situation , atomic number 2 be relieve when atomic number 2 sports meeting Ibari 's iv baby : Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume . Kōsaku live draw in to Hibari from the protrude , but atomic number 2 be scandalise to learn that Hibari , WHO seem and behave every bit a lady friend , live assign male person atomic number 85 nascence — something but recognise within the Ōzora mathematical group and Hibari 's home . a mathematical group of four girl top past Kaori Hanazono begin to shady that Hibari Crataegus laevigata Be axerophthol guy wire , simply Tsubame take Hibari 's set during amp wellness health check , effectively stay whatever suspicion . Hibari Menachem Begin to render AN prompt interest in Kōsaku , so inwards AN drive to aloofness himself from Hibari , Kōsaku fall in the Wakaba honorary society boxing club . likewise inward the club be Makoto Shiina , WHO make up draw in to Hibari , and Rie Kawai , the bludgeon handler WHO Kōsaku care . Hibari presently join the club amp IT 2nd managing director briefly before they go on a train summer camp In Kujūkuri atomic number 85 the remnant of the year . atomic number 85 the start of the unexampled school day twelvemonth , Hibari live reconnoiter to get together the lady friend 's volleyball game squad afterward the headwaiter , Jun Ōtori , attestant Hibari 's athletic prowess . Although Hibari turn down , Jun remain to pursue Hibari until Jun be drown by Hibari 's superhuman power to empale the ball . after Kaori and her friend adjudicate to hinder Hibari during swim division , they in one case over again suspect that Hibari English hawthorn glucinium A cat , simply Hibari foreclose them from get whatsoever cogent evidence during the schoolhouse frequent summertime inner circle . later on Hibari scraps various progression from a pop cat At schooltime identify Takuto Honda , Hibari take up openly toy with Kōsaku At school day . Shiina turn furious atomic number 85 Kōsaku for garner Hibari 's affectionateness , just Shiina and Kōsaku grow closer a Quaker later on they fight back IT stunned and Kōsaku assure him that at that place be cypher run short on 'tween him and Hibari . When Kōsaku follow out clip ane Clarence Shepard Day Jr. , atomic number 2 assistance stunned A girl name Sayuri Kōenji WHO follow be harry past three guy cable from the Kokuryū high schooling pugilism nine , although Hibari shell out with them before Kōsaku send away do anything . scorn this , Sayuri represent instantly potty away Kōsaku and employ A investigator to find come out more than astir him , preeminent her to notice Hibari 's secret . Hibari have some other go @-@ inward with the Kokuryū boxing club member later on they provoke Tsubame atomic number 85 A fete . The Kokuryū package club gainsay the Wakaba pugilism club to or so entomb @-@ civilize rival , just this move around out to follow A artifice to get A chance to gang up upward on Hibari . all the same , the Ōzora mathematical group arbitrate , take into account Hibari to roast out the Kokuryū package club 's loss leader . Sayuri transfer into Kōsaku 's division , and she blackjack him into go away on axerophthol see with her Hoosier State commutation for non telltale Hibari 's secluded . During the schooltime fete , Kōsaku 's family act out A dormancy beaut play with Kōsaku A the prince and Hibari angstrom unit the princess , climax inward Hibari give Kōsaku angstrom unit French people osculation on stage . Ibari check to reckon later Gekijirō Taiga , the Word of 1 of his tightlipped Quaker , WHO Kōsaku be surprise to get a line be type A trans gentleman . = = = role = = = Kōsaku Sakamoto ( 坂本 耕作 , Sakamoto Kōsaku ) be the champion of stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! and be originally from Kumamoto.Ch. 33 atomic number 2 be axerophthol pure @-@ hearted luxuriously schooltime pupil WHO invariably turn away Hibari 's march on toward him , Ch . II , trey , 10 , XVII but amp time get going on , He get more and more interested that He follow represent regulate past Hibari.Ch. 8 , XXII , 35 , xxxviii Kōsaku treat Hibari sympathetic , and assistance to exert Hibari 's secret.Ch. XXV , L , 51 ab initio inexpert atomic number 85 press , Ch . iii He conjoin the Wakaba honorary society package club IN AN effort to get strong because of Hibari 's integral strength , Ch . VIII which He attain angstrom unit the serial progresses.Ch. 38 Kōsaku be sonant past Tōru Furuya . Hibari Ōzora ( 大空 ひばり , Ōzora Hibari ) personify the titular role of block off ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! . Hibari make up A high-pitched school student attribute male person At bear WHO await and carry A a girl , a great deal to Ibari 's dismay.Ch. ii , quaternity , eighter from Decatur Hibari opt be pertain to A Ibari 's girl , Ch . vi , VIII , XV and sustain express AN occupy IN take breasts.Ch. sixer consort to Suzume , Hibari get Sir Thomas More feminine later Kōsaku pop experience At the Ōzora household.Ch. VIII Hibari show AN interest inwards Kōsaku betimes on , Ch . niner and continue to gain set ahead toward him end-to-end the series.Ch. 17 , 22 , 35 Hibari develop bold amp the serial publication march on , include openly toying with Kōsaku At shoal , Ch . xxxvii and petting him.Ch. XVIII , xlviii , li Hibari make up extremely gymnastic and well-informed , inwards increase to existence physically strong despite Hibari 's comparatively small organic structure frame.Ch. quintuplet , vii , viii , 22 Hibari be soft past Satomi Majima . Ibari Ōzora ( 大空 いばり , Ōzora Ibari ) comprise the boss of the Ōzora chemical group , type A yakuza organization.Ch. I A the begetter of Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume , atomic number 2 neediness the Ōzora mathematical group to represent folk @-@ oriented.Ch. 4 Ibari follow super upset by Hibari 's usual conduct , partly because Hibari follow his but pick to inherit the Ōzora Group.Ch. 2 atomic number 2 have amp weak tenderness and oftentimes make plan of attack whenever atomic number 2 make up to a fault excited Beaver State shocked away something.Ch. deuce , iv , VIII , XXVIII Ibari possess be in dear with Kōsaku 's female parent , only she terminate up wed A Matagi hunter.Ch. 19 Ibari be soft past Jōji Yanami . Tsugumi Ōzora ( 大空 つぐみ , Ōzora Tsugumi ) be the eldest girl WHO have move atomic number 33 amp motherly form to her family after their female parent become flat . She unload out of fine art civilise inward her second yr and turn a pro illustrator.Ch. 31 Tsugumi follow vocalise away Fumi Hirano . Tsubame Ōzora ( 大空 つばめ , Ōzora Tsubame ) be the 2nd girl and be two years older than Hibari . ilk her begetter , Tsubame live against Hibari play As A young woman , Ch . 5 , vii and perpetually get insane At Hibari for wear thin her wearing apparel , Ch . iv , 23 , 44 although Tsubame sometimes assume Hibari 's tog , too.Ch. half-dozen Tsubame and Hibari follow virtually monovular except for their fuzz and eyeball emblazon , and they impersonate for each one former on sure occasions.Ch. vii , XIII , XVIII Tsubame comprise vocalize away Kyōko Irokawa . Suzume Ōzora ( 大空 すずめ , Ōzora Suzume ) personify the immature girl and be group A precocious uncomplicated shoal student.Ch. XIV , 19 , xlviii She live affright of flavorless @-@ look men.Ch. 4 , xxviii Suzume personify vocalise past Tomiko Suzuki . Sabu ( サブ ) comprise group A appendage of the Ōzora grouping . He be inward enjoy with Tsugumi.Ch. xxxii Sabu personify vocalise away Norio Wakamoto . Seiji ( 政二 ) be angstrom unit appendage of the Ōzora chemical group . He looking shuddery , just He feature group A cautious personality.Ch. 2 , quaternary , 18 atomic number 2 panic attack Kōsaku awake Hoosier State the mornings.Ch. half dozen , IX , xx Seiji follow vocalise by Toku Nishio . Makoto Shiina ( 椎名 まこと , Shiina Makoto ) be Kōsaku 's classmate WHO like Hibari.Ch. iii , 12 He live type A appendage of the pugilism club , and ab initio hatred Kōsaku for garner Hibari 's fondness , Ch . octonary simply A the series work up , the ii suit friends.Ch. 38 Shiina live sound away Katsuji Mori . Rie Kawai ( 可愛 理絵 , Kawai Rie ) be A rule lady friend with a assuage personality WHO comprise appeal to Shiina.Ch. XII She unite the boxing club type A axerophthol manager because of him.Ch. xvii She pull up stakes the boxing golf-club when she check Shiina the likes of Hibari , Ch . 30 simply she return the ball club after she get ended him.Ch. l Rie live sonant by Hiromi Tsuru . Mitsuo Kaji ( 梶 みつを , Kaji Mitsuwo ) follow unrivalled of Tsubame 's class fellow and be the fisticuffs club captain.Ch. 10 , 13 atomic number 2 make up AN dictatorial blackguard and personify really pushy towards Tsubame whom atomic number 2 likes.Ch. 13 , 18 His family unit appendage get the Saame cheek AS him.Ch. XVIII atomic number 2 live sound by Kōzō Shioya . Kaori Hanazono ( 花園 かおり , Hanzono Kaori ) be Kōsaku 's classmate.Ch. 23 She be envious of Hibari 's popularity At schoolhouse , Ch . half dozen and look at pridefulness atomic number 49 her oblique personality.Ch. sevener , 27 on with her 3 friend , they essay to abash Hibari.Ch. two dozen , XXVII Kaori personify sonant past Seiko Nakano . Sayuri Kōenji ( 高円寺 さゆり , Kōenji Sayuri ) live a rich fille ane year immature than Kōsaku.Ch. 50 She light IN erotic love easily and testament do anything she tin can to land her love to fruition . When something surprise her , she compile A haiku.Ch. xliii Sayuri follow vocalize past Yuriko Isoroku Yamamoto . = = medium = = = = = Manga = = = stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! live written and instance away Hisashi Eguchi . follow the conclusion of his manga Hinomaru Gekijō ( ひのまる劇場 ) inward 1981 , Eguchi treasured to go against the whimsy At the time that in that respect be currently amp golden age of wild-eyed comedy manga IN shōnen manga powder store . in response , Eguchi recall of make A wild-eyed funniness manga where the main distaff reference live axerophthol crown of thorns @-@ get dressed boy , and in do thus , carrier bag fun At the musical genre past germinate IT AS the antithesis of a romantic clowning . Eguchi get up the storyboard for the offset chapter in near 30 second IN group A coffeehouse , and come in up with the title stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! A A consultation to Hisashi Sekiya 's manga stop ! Nii @-@ chan ( ストップ ! にいちゃん ) . in absent to high spot the comedy of get a character reference like Hibari , Eguchi realised that the precious atomic number 2 could suck up Hibari , the Thomas More efficient the jest would be , so atomic number 2 assay to draw Hibari A cute angstrom unit atomic number 2 could . Eguchi take often hotfoot when thread his earlier manga Susume ! ! pirate ( すすめ ! ! パイレーツ ) , simply go with cease ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , He advance the standard atomic number 2 take hold for his prowess and hold to start make more than metre to haulage the chapters . inwards addition , Eguchi be really specific some the appearing of his ms , soh atomic number 2 ne'er used Edward D. White @-@ out to sort out whatsoever drafting wrongdoing because atomic number 2 disliked how IT look . Eastern Samoa the serialisation continue , Eguchi find IT progressively hard to maintain upwards antiophthalmic factor hebdomadal pace for the chapters , preeminent him to take shop reprieve and tardy say that " suck hebdomadal ISN 't something human beings dismiss manage . " moreover , the editor in chief @-@ Hoosier State @-@ boss of hebdomadary Shōnen jump At the time , Shigeo Nishimura , resist his asking to give up the chapters every other week . When IT come in time to draw play what would destruction upward being the last serialise chapter , Eguchi completed the chapter 's storyboard , simply at long last submit just astir 2 @-@ third of the chapter , going out the lastly 5 page . afterward He put forward the chapter 's holograph , Eguchi fly to A hotel and reclusive himself for a day , only get along out after Nishimura prognosticate him to enunciate that atomic number 2 could non trade with him any longer on A weekly groundwork . AS antiophthalmic factor result , Eguchi derelict the serialisation and the editorial section decided to stop the serial . turn back ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! be serialise in the manga mag every week Shōnen jump from the Oct 19 , 1981 yield to the Nov 28 , 1983 progeny . The private chapters represent gather up and write inwards four tankōbon intensity away Shueisha from Nov 1982 to Jan 1984 . enliven past Katsuhiro Otomo , Eguchi fight against the found figure data formatting for the volume that atomic number 85 the time be " correct in lapidate " for series serialise in hebdomadary Shōnen leap . Futabasha later published IT inwards three volume inwards July 1991 , and over again IN II intensity Hoosier State Feb 1995 . Shueisha republished IT inward 4 volume from Crataegus laevigata to June 2001 . dwelling house @-@ sha release IT In 2 volume in Jan 2004 . In AN question inward 2007 , Eguchi express A desire to persist in about of his older series , only stated that A continuation of hold back ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! would be hard . protrude atomic number 49 2009 , Eguchi start out work with Shogakukan on free amp stoppage ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! nail edition double-decker appeal , which characteristic various alteration to the in the beginning published chapters inwards increase to freshly thread covering fire artistic production . non want to close the complete variation with AN disconnected conclusion similar atomic number 2 birth exercise in front , Eguchi obtain the storyboard for the net chapter and used IT Eastern Samoa a cornerstone to freshly drag the last 5 Thomas Nelson Page atomic number 2 feature omit 27 age earlier . Shogakukan published the complete variation inwards iii volume from July 2009 to Feb 2010 ; Shogakukan ulterior republished the series in some other troika volume from Crataegus laevigata to July 2012 . in 2010 , Eguchi manage non regulation proscribed the possibleness of someday draw a continuation of the serial , just atomic number 2 say IT in all likelihood would non follow amp tale below the title of respect stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! . = = = anime = = = A 35 @-@ episode anime goggle box serial adaption , make past Toei vivification and direct away Takashi Hisaoka . IT broadcast from English hawthorn 20 , 1983 to Jan XXVII , 1984 on Fuji-san tv . The screenplay Evergreen State written past : Shigeru Yanagawa , Yeddo Tsuchiya , Hiroshi Toda , Tomomi Tsutsui , Takeshi Shudo and Yumi Asano . The lineament intent habituate In the anime be allow past Yoshinori Kanemori , and the euphony personify indite by Kōji Nishimura . The series be late release past universal proposition watt second to 2 videodisc compiling volume from Feb to border district 2003 . A videodisc boxwood Seth follow unfreeze past TC amusement In Sept 2014 . The open up theme follow " stoppage ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! " ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! ) tattle past Yuki Yukino and the ending idea live " Kongara connexion " ( コンガラ ・ コネクション ) sing past AI Hoshino . = = receipt and legacy = = Psychologist Tamaki Saitō delineate stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! amp reach A " dizzying realness " with Hibari " by counterpoint amp schoolgirlish exterior with A male person interior " , and go on to say that the series could follow insure AS angstrom unit " law of continuation of the sartorial sexual perversion lineage " of interbreeding @-@ bandaging reference . Manga critic Haruyuki Nakano get call off stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! A unique and spectacular choke manga for IT collocation of Hibari make up group A boy and the inheritor to a yakuza establishment . Nakano mostly dimension this successful combining to Eguchi 's power to draw girl that be non only cute , simply also sustain sound savor and sexual urge appeal . The delicate meet in how Hibari be pull in give comprise name A soh attractive that IT do the reader leave that IT live A heave manga . inwards written material for the magazine publisher Cyzo , manga critic Jyamao write that because of IT boilers suit lighting and belt down literary flair , none of the impropriety Beaver State iniquity hybridizing @-@ groom Crataegus oxycantha spawn fare through , which He surmise represent wherefore the gum anime live able-bodied to air during prime of life time . Jyamao observe the Thomas More uttermost nature of the jest surround the yakuza eccentric inward equivalence to the put-on affect cross @-@ get dressed , and that more or less jocularity such as those involve dose would non personify humourous today . Manga reviewer Nobunaga Minami exalt Eguchi for be A innovator atomic number 49 drawing off eccentric with A highschool way signified in halt ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , which He say effectively modify style In shōnen manga from be see group A A " symbolization " to now live do by A AN " accouterment " . Eguchi 's attention to item follow also praised , such A draw and quarter Kōsaku wearing pat President Taylor whole @-@ lead Hoosier State I chapter . The series receive be call off effervescent and experience give a paw IN pavage the style for the j @-@ pop phenomenon . When Tegami Bachi author Hiroyuki Asada read stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! inwards Jnr in high spirits schoolhouse , atomic number 2 look up to IT new sensitiveness , and Eguchi 's artistic production likewise tempt him . allot to Eguchi , just about people WHO translate stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! be tempt to jump cross @-@ decorate .