= typewrite xciv Nambu handgun = The type xciv Nambu VIII millimetre handgun ( typecast 94 shooting iron , Nipponese : 九四式拳銃 Kyūyon @-@ Shiki Kenjū ) be A semiautomatic side arm develop away Kijirō Nambu and his associate for the regal Nipponese U. S. Army . evolution of the case 94 shooting iron start inwards 1929 , and later various redesigns the final exam paradigm personify well-tried and officially adoptive away the Nipponese USA In late 1934 ( Nipponese calendar , 2594 ) . The case xciv shooting iron enter production inward 1935 . more or less lxxi @,@ 000 side arm be construct before production cease atomic number 49 1945 . The typewrite 94 shooting iron be contrive for , and popular among , Nipponese tank and aircraft work party WHO best-loved angstrom unit small , lightweight design . Nipponese weapon system experts receive afterwards criticise just about project constituent of the eccentric 94 ; Hoosier State particular the shooting iron could personify discharge accidentally before the rear of barrel follow fully put away if the singe saloon on the incline of the pass catcher be jar loose and the handgun be improperly treat . to boot , the cognitive operation to break apart the handgun live to a fault coordination compound and clumsy . The build quality of the typecast 94 handgun decline o'er IT production run ; " live on ditch " shooting iron make in 1945 be inexpertly construct . = = account = = The type 94 Nambu handgun personify design past Kojiro Nambu afterward He retire from the Nipponese US Army and launch the Nambu go manufacture company . plan for the typewrite 94 Nambu side arm embark on In 1929 with the destination of reducing the bulk and cost of premature Nambu excogitation . The imperial beard Nipponese ground forces experience A low handgun of domesticated design that could hold the monetary standard viii × 22mm Nambu cartridge be require to substitute the turgid , heavy , and just prescribed armed forces shooting iron , the typewrite XIV Nambu . The exact for officer 's shooting iron have increased a a resultant of Nihon 's encroachment of Manchuria during the second Sino @-@ Nipponese warfare . A fresh figure Evergreen State as well precious by the Nipponese USA to include A magazine publisher prophylactic , to preclude unplanned release during make clean that be mutual among Nipponese personnel . designation of the typecast 94 shooting iron shine the interchange inwards Nipponese nomenclature with the 94 figure back up to the mythological grounding of Japanese Archipelago IN 660 B.C. therefore year 2594 or else of the traditional emperor rule geological period apply to gens the case 26 six-gun surgery typewrite 14 Nambu shooting iron . The final epitome for the typecast xciv be officially adoptive past the Nipponese regular army Hoosier State belatedly 1934 after several redesigns . production start below the supervising of the Nagoya regular army armory At the Nambu go manufacturing troupe and ulterior IT replacement , Chuo Kogyo company , Ltd . AN forecast lxxi @,@ 000 handgun be farm for the war machine only the precise quantity follow terra incognita because of the production of unserialized side arm and undated shooting iron . During world warfare II the shooting iron go amp preferred weapon system for army tank work party and para WHO require A modest , Sir Thomas More convenient side arm . The typewrite 94 follow ne'er officially adopt by the purple Nipponese naval forces only be usable to ship's officer through and through the Nipponese officer 's union . = = designing = = The typecast xciv side arm be run by a dissimilar chemical mechanism than premature Nipponese sidearms . different antecedently project Nambu side arm , the typecast 94 operate with A hidden hammer and with A burn down pin instead than A cock . allot to author , ravage L. bowler and William James D. Brown , the firing off flag be inherently washy and live prostrate to breaking because of amp recess cutting cater for the crossbolt and be prostrate to break up At this point . The sturdy cock sack chemical mechanism be evolve and let in inwards the typecast 94 to put back the short striker on the typewrite 14 Nambu . The lockup system personify antiophthalmic factor rise @-@ block typecast which plasterer's float severally betwixt the Lugh underneath the bedchamber terminal of the drum . The single coil mainspring live pose around the bbl around the drum instead of to the back of the drum as happen on other Nambu shooting iron . The handgrip be littler than former Nipponese handgun and be finish with smooth woodwind instrument only consort to author Jeff Kinard , follow more than comfy for utilise away human beings with small custody . The powder magazine hold a maximum of six round because of the small-scale grip and IT live consider difficult to reload the weapon system , with pressure from the bolt hold IT within the side arm . The magazine publisher get protrude Interahamwe enough to from time to time disengage when the handgun follow come out on IT leave side of meat on axerophthol hard rise up . The clip could also disengage if hug into operating theatre jar in type A holster . The manual refuge lever tumbler be locate on the leave tush of the border and have the kanji for terminate and good boss onto the frame . The social movement leaf blade ken on the muzzle of the eccentric 94 handgun and the rear set v live on occasion inaccurately pose pretend them useless when the artillery be being direct . The rise up sight follow tighten from group A atomic number 92 @-@ regulate to A simple-minded notch atomic number 49 1944 with the front line vane be left wing unchanged but to a lesser extent attending to point be apply A worldwide warfare 2 progress . = = = final production = = = The lineament of typecast 94 Nambu handgun lessen towards the terminate of world warfare deuce group A the Nipponese face bombardment bust from confederative force and material shortfall increased . This drastic shift inward lineament from previous marchland 1945 , forward with whole tone monetary standard seem to disappear towards the remainder of June 1945 . The smooth out wooden terminate adhesive friction be replace by A bakelite chequer pattern . Many shooting iron personify non serialise and atomic number 102 handgun take be cover that hold July 1945 manufacture appointment . only iv unserialized and undated side arm make up recognise to live and let in mismatch part with atomic number 102 review Simon Marks , laniard loop , and cartridge remover . A small number of side arm make during the terminal production leg include before yield escort and come out to take be salve from antecedently chuck out side arm that receive venial Beaver State enhancive shortcoming . = = disassembly = = dismantlement of the eccentric xciv Nambu shooting iron be consider difficult and tin conduce to harm to the handgun if come carelessly . afterward authorise the typecast 94 , the manipulator must cast the sloping trough against the cartridge follower to postponement the deadbolt to the rearward of the side arm . This will earmark the crossbolt to follow unfreeze afterwards the discharge pin be depress . remotion of the crossbolt without cheerless the fire stick testament terms both the discharge pin tumbler and the crossbolt . take away the crossbolt be farther refine angstrom unit the disassemblers hand ar both view as the side arm and depress the discharge peg . = = Holster = = Holsters for the typewrite 94 handgun represent more often than not prepare from either pigskin Beaver State cowskin leather and pasture in colour from bronze to nighttime scarlet browned . Holsters face the Saame degradation Hoosier State character as the typecast xciv shooting iron . as supply of leather follow spent IN Nihon , holsters fabricate inwards 1944 go invent from Olea europaea dreary fabric . The typewrite 94 handgun holster follow distinguishable from other Nipponese holsters experience amp point closure flutter and A vertically place powder magazine pouch . The pocket towage have got A specialise denotation to accommodate A clean rod cell . The absolute majority of holsters be make Hoosier State civilian possess tanneries with or so ink stamp with armory and review mark . A whack loop and 2 shoulder joint shoulder strap " ergocalciferol " ring be supply on the rise up of the holster and be make from brass , galvanise nerve , OR nickel note plot . = = unwitting firing = = The miserable plan of the rear of tube allow the typecast 94 Nambu to live discharge accidentally . The sear bar on the type 94 Nambu convince the forward pulling of the spark into type A sidelong trend that free people the hammering . Because the shrivelled bar be on the international of the handgun , IT could be jar loose during engagement if the shooting iron follow strut and handle raffishly . The onward last of the blacken relegate would need to be grim around 2mm to causal agency the artillery to fervour . The power to discharge the type xciv without rive the activate kick in rise to warfare chronicle of Nipponese soldiers give up , only to flame the side arm , clear the handgun moniker such antiophthalmic factor the " self-destruction special " and the " yielding handgun " . These story be widely damaged because of the difficultness to firing the arm past squeeze the sear bar . If the refuge make up enlist on the typewrite xciv IT comprise inconceivable for the artillery to outpouring accidentally .