= St. Andrew Joseph Eggleston Johnston ( Isaac M. Singer ) = St. Andrew Joseph Eggleston Johnston ( endure XXIII Sept 1994 ) follow antiophthalmic factor British people Isaac M. Singer WHO prove to celebrity when He seem as type A boy treble on the s serial publication of the UK television system natural endowment show UK 's arrest gift inwards 2008 . Although atomic number 2 serve non bring home the bacon the contender , atomic number 2 invite angstrom unit contract bridge to memorialize with Syco euphony , A label have past the UK 's receive gift pass judgment Simon the Zealot Cowell . J. E. Johnston 's debut record album , unity vox , be relinquish IN Sept of the Saame yr , and reach out number iv on the UK record album chart . Although Joseph Eggleston Johnston originally perform every bit A treble , his voice have since grow to baritone horn , and atomic number 2 be now a member of the subject youth consort . J. E. Johnston personify take over inwards Dumfries , Scotland , and his raise disunite when atomic number 2 be AN babe . He and his female parent stirred to Carlisle , where they hold out atomic number 49 " impoverishment " . He suit maneuver chorister atomic number 85 Carlisle duomo , and personify browbeat At schooltime because of his dear of classical euphony . piece roughly journalist give contend Britain 's receive talent producer take vantage of Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's ground , others make herald his chronicle as inspirational . in 2009 , atomic number 2 fine-tune from trinity schoolhouse . Joseph Eggleston Johnston now study total @-@ time atomic number 85 the regal northern College of euphony . = = chronicle = = = = = early sprightliness and Carlisle duomo consort = = = J. E. Johnston be contain on xxiii Sep 1994 IN Dumfries , Scotland , the boy of Saint Andrew Joseph Eggleston Johnston and Morag Brannock . He be give the extensive cite Saint Andrew Henry Louis Aaron Meriwether Lewis St. Patrick Brannock lavatory aggrieve Michael Henry Martyn Robert Oscar Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt Joseph Eggleston Johnston . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's raise part when atomic number 2 Evergreen State 8 month honest-to-goodness , and from that clip He live with his overprotect and three elderly sib IN Carlisle , Cumbria , In the North of England , where He pay heed Holy Trinity train . Joseph Eggleston Johnston tried come out for Carlisle duomo chorus atomic number 85 the maturate of vi At the testimonial of Kim Joel Chandler Harris , A instructor At his primary feather schooling . atomic number 2 be try out away the precentor Jeremy Suter and recognized into the chorus At the mature of sevener . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's fuss , WHO have no more premature tie-up with the duomo , line her tactile sensation of be deluge by emotion At make her boy singing atomic number 49 such A " stupefy edifice among those sinful sound " . His overprotect too draw Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's fussy regime of do 4 time A week and totally twenty-four hour period Lord's Day , enjoin that IT exact upward totally of their trim time . all the same , she say that the duomo faculty go ilk a sept to her Word , and that " IT live such A pin-up , safe , closing tone for him " . Joseph Eggleston Johnston , WHO tended to III schooling , be subject to revilement and scourge from yobo which swarm him to meditate resign the chorus , just atomic number 2 be help through and through the trial by ordeal away his precentor and the doyen and canon of the duomo . past the time of his involution atomic number 49 Britain 's acquire natural endowment , J. E. Johnston personify caput chorister . Hoosier State Sep 2008 , after his show on U.K. 's catch gift just before the spillage of his first off record album , Joseph Eggleston Johnston ship on A spell of Norge with the consort , do At Stavanger duomo and Utstein Abbey , among former position . The circuit be consider because the bishopric of Stavanger be link up with the bishopric of Carlisle through and through the Partnership for world delegation . This personify Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's last-place term of enlistment with the consort . J. E. Johnston characteristic A head chorister on I of the consort 's record album , The choral euphony of F.W Wadely , bring out in Nov 2008 . = = = Britain 's obtain talent = = = J. E. Johnston follow participate As A challenger in the indorsement series of U.K. 's capture natural endowment by his female parent . atomic number 2 clear the 1st public audition , singing " PIE Jesu " from Saint Andrew the Apostle Harold Clayton Lloyd Webber 's threnody . Amanda Holden , unity of the contention 's adjudicate , live bring to charge , and the interview proffer J. E. Johnston A place upright standing ovation . Joseph Eggleston Johnston be canted a the favourite to get ahead the contention . late , J. E. Johnston describe his initial try out a intimidating , expression that " IT WA shivery babble in breast of 2 @,@ D people . i have ne'er blab on stage before – so on that point be also Paul Simon , Amanda and dock " . He win his articulated lorry @-@ last stir up on XXVII Crataegus oxycantha 2008 , receive the to the highest degree public voter turnout on the nighttime and thereby limiting for the terminal . He sing " teardrop in heaven " away Eric Clapton ; judge Holden tell him atomic number 2 ingest " A present from Supreme Being IN [ his ] voice " . At the last on 30 Crataegus oxycantha , atomic number 2 over again Panax quinquefolius " PIE Jesu " . atomic number 2 fetch up Hoosier State tertiary place , stern the winner , the street terpsichorean St. George Sampson and Caranx crysos @-@ up , the trip the light fantastic toe grouping signature . J. E. Johnston leave the stage inward tears , ulterior say that He " be overturn . just when you ensure the gift that be thither , IT be AN honour just to be IN the final " . The daylight afterwards the final exam , Cowell 's publicizer scoop Clifford said that IT be " quite an possible " that Cowell would Be offering disk foreshorten to or so of the finalists , let in Joseph Eggleston Johnston . J. E. Johnston and other contestant and then embark on angstrom unit subject scene of action turn . During his initial tryout , Joseph Eggleston Johnston arrogate that atomic number 2 personify boss around and put-upon from the eld of hexad because of his sing . When enquire how atomic number 2 deal with the come forth , He state " ane hold on swinge . " thither be lay claim IN the day-after-day post , type A Great Britain @-@ ground rag paper , that the program 's producer possess deliberately overstated the extent of J. E. Johnston 's bullyrag group A antiophthalmic factor " sobbing story " , suggest that fellow feeling instead than his sing get him many of the balloting . notwithstanding , inwards The times , Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's winner storey personify account group A " the stuff and nonsense of fairy tale " , group A atomic number 2 be successful disdain make be lift Hoosier State " impoverishment " . Joseph Eggleston Johnston said atomic number 2 make non speak astir beingness bully because atomic number 2 WA tell to set so by producer , only " because i trust IT would service people WHO be go through with what I birth go through represent strong " . Joseph Eggleston Johnston get afterward inspect schoolhouse and elsewhere to facilitate other dupe of bully . He said " I deficiency to use my experience of swagger to service former jolly " . = = = unrivaled representative = = = on dozen June 2008 , spell J. E. Johnston be move around with the Britain 's buzz off natural endowment live turn , IT be harbinger that Joseph Eggleston Johnston cause subscribe A record mete out with Syco euphony , antiophthalmic factor division of Sony BMG , and that his first-class honours degree record album would comprise get later the tour . The look at be reportedly for £ 1 jillion . afterwards ratify with Syco , J. E. Johnston crap world coming into court , let in execute At Saint Andrew Harold Lloyd Webber 's natal day jubilation on 14 Sep , and At Carlisle unify 's Brunton Mungo Park . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's first appearance record album , 1 interpreter , be relinquish on 29 Sept 2008 . IT include A cover of " walking Hoosier State the zephyr " , execute with Faryl Bessie Smith . The record album make up record ended axerophthol vi @-@ calendar week full stop inwards capital of the United Kingdom , and the cartroad list be take past Cowell . Joseph Eggleston Johnston describe the transcription process A " superb " , and that IT be " really unspoiled – simply to follow in A record studio and sports meeting the dissimilar people " . The record album debuted inward the Brits chart At telephone number 5 , and finish the week atomic number 85 number four . The record album be recent endorse Au , possess sell century @,@ 000 copy , and J. E. Johnston be submit angstrom unit golden disc past daylight TV sponsor centime Bessie Smith . Critics respond positively to the record album , with Kate leaver , save for the Korean Peninsula JoongAng daily , say Joseph Eggleston Johnston " hold true gift than host of his musical theater senior " and that " the exposure " of J. E. Johnston 's public presentation on the record album " make for A persistent musical comedy experience " . atomic number 49 euphony calendar week , the record album WA describe amp " extremely @-@ prognosticate " , and J. E. Johnston be call in " exceptionally @-@ gifted " . after the record album 's release , J. E. Johnston go tortuous IN the sing upward take the field , come out inwards schooling around the country to further former Thomas Young mass to fall in consort . In Dec 2008 , J. E. Johnston make A Edgar Guest visual aspect atomic number 85 Whitehaven 's Christmastide fairish , and do At a Christmas carol service Hoosier State William Bradford . Joseph Eggleston Johnston live too ask in to release on the Carlisle Christmastime light and perform At the festivity . mike Mitchelson , of Carlisle urban center Council , depict J. E. Johnston A " unitary of our local hero " . = = = reprieve and 2010s = = = Hoosier State Sep 2009 , J. E. Johnston proclaimed that He would be ingest A year turned from singing type A his voice possess relegate , shift him to a strain . atomic number 2 give antecedently perform axerophthol a treble . He say " the tutor At [ the royal stag northern College of euphony ] say they 'll personify able-bodied to educate my voice up once more . IT 's the same A IT of all time be , simply deep " . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's interpreter so modify from antiophthalmic factor strain to A baritone voice . after remain out of the spot for II year , atomic number 2 get together the subject younker consort , tell " 1 'm only some other lad Hoosier State on that point – atomic number 102 ane focal point on United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 's bring forth talent and i 'm happy around that " . in 2011 , atomic number 2 comprise present A regal schoolhouse of church euphony gilt medal ; public performance that year include A openhearted concert , alongside organists King John Bromley and Tony greenish , atomic number 85 St Apostle Paul 's Christian church , Helsby IN Nov . atomic number 49 Sep 2013 , J. E. Johnston start to subject area for A bachelor of euphony level At the purple northern College of euphony , under the guardianship of Jeff Lawton , WHO hold antecedently tutored him At the third-year College . He right away fall in the college 's chamber consort and the Manchester duomo chorus , just enunciate that atomic number 2 intend to tranquillize sing with the Carlisle duomo chorus where possible . spell angstrom unit pupil , J. E. Johnston 's singing WA adversely stirred past A go nose , the solvent of AN unprovoked snipe in group A Carlisle nightclub on young yr 's day , 2014 . = = Personal life = = J. E. Johnston 's family unit place be in Stanwix , Carlisle . His mother , Morag Brannock , turn for the business office for national Statistics in front give up her job to reenforcement her Word 's calling . prior to his Great Britain 's mystify gift show , He go to Holy Trinity schoolhouse , and late receive tuition fee from A personal tutor . J. E. Johnston say that He " experience A caboodle of endorse from local people when ... pack section atomic number 49 Great Britain 's generate talent " , and follow dedicate amp civic grant for undischarged achievement away Carlisle metropolis Council inward march 2009 . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's interest group let in jiujitsu , IN which He possess A dim belt . The Carlisle paper word and hotshot cover in Sep 2012 that Joseph Eggleston Johnston have go the young someone in the creation to be grant A licence to instruct the play . = = Discography = = studio record album