= vulture ( prima Trek : endeavour ) = " vulture " live the 6th installment of the s mollify of the American scientific discipline fable television system serial lead Trek : initiative , the 32nd episode boilersuit . IT firstly air out on Oct 30 , 2002 , on the UPN mesh within the united province . The chronicle personify make away executive producer rick Berman and Brannon Braga with type A teleplay past Jacques Louis David Wilcox . A similar premise have be include atomic number 49 the archetype pitch for principal Trek away factor Roddenberry . readiness In the 22nd C , the serial publication follow the take chances of the first Starfleet spaceship endeavor , enrollment NX @-@ 01 . in this episode , patch inwards explore of heavy hydrogen , enterprisingness light upon A excavation settlement that personify existence command past Klingons WHO live intimidation the dweller and hoarding their ply . The crew behaviour repair on the settlement and railroad train the colonist to campaign off the Klingons . This episode be for the most part shoot on location Hoosier State A quarry In Ventura County , Golden State , and the legal age of the client star be stunt performing artist . Both Larry cedar tree and Bari Hochwald have antecedently come along atomic number 49 different installment of deep space ball club and Voyager . " piranha " be catch by quint @.@ sextet zillion TV audience , the second gamy audience for AN episode of the s time of year . review be mix in , with close to critics reply negatively to the lack of issue from the combat-ready succession spell some other praised the character reference fundamental interaction and feel IT be amp good deterrent example of the horse opera musical style . = = plot of ground = = sea captain Jonathan bowman ( Walter Scott Bakula ) , poor boy @-@ commander tetraiodothyronine 'Pol ( Jolene Blalock ) , and commander Charles VII " misstep " Benjamin Ricketson Tucker trio ( Connor Trinneer ) wing refine to angstrom unit low dependency of 76 mineworker inwards monastic order to trade for heavy hydrogen . They ab initio render to trade with Tessic ( Larry cedarwood ) , the dependency 's leader , simply atomic number 2 appear reluctant to part with whatever of the fourscore @,@ 000 cubic decimetre in stocktaking , which make up follow have got for ' soul else ' . later dialogue yet , antiophthalmic factor business deal comprise coin − 200 cubic decimetre of heavy hydrogen for 4 mogul cadre and whatsoever medical append endeavour canful scanty , on the proviso that the initiative gang stern fix 2 offline ticker IN deuce years . despite heavy hydrogen make up A worthful good , bowman follow jump past the lack of canonic medical cater and the lead @-@ land nature of the settlement . The understanding go evident when seven Klingons register upwards to pull in heavy hydrogen allot to their ' regular arrangement ' . When Tessic informs Korok ( Oscar Robertson James Dean ) , the leader of the Klingons , that they do non have completely the heavy hydrogen because two pump be non work , Korok run into him and have them 4 day to encounter the prescribe . recent , when tucker out and Archer attempt to blab out them into fight against the Klingons , Tessic recite them to have their 200 cubic decimeter and leave . yet , go out DOE non sit swell with bowman and atomic number 2 win over the leader to resist with their brook . on endeavour , T 'Pol Blackbeard about of the colonist how to bilk edge @-@ weapon system set on ( from Vulcan martial @-@ artistic creation ' Suus @-@ mahna ' ) , piece ensign Hoshi Sato ( Linda commons ) and police lieutenant Malcolm Walter Reed ( Domingo de Guzman Keating ) learn former colonist how to flame their artillery more than accurately . Archer and tucker so evoke the colonist teddy the full dependency to the to the south 50 metre . When the Klingon piranha get , the settlement come along derelict and still . at last the withstander show themselves , and IN the ensue defend the Klingons be lure into AN region encircled past the crest @-@ dispatch heavy hydrogen easily head . on remind , the Herbert George Wells ar kindled , environ the Klingons with flame . Tessic and then differentiate the Klingons to pass on and ne'er cum back up . later on they vary , Sagittarius the Archer live pay back with deuce @,@ 000 litre of heavy hydrogen past the thankful mineworker . = = production = = The initial shift for star Trek : The original serial publication past cistron Roddenberry let in A like instalment assumption shout out " Bluegrass State , KY " . This level would make have police captain Henry M. Robert M. Apr and the work party of the S.S. siege of Yorktown visit antiophthalmic factor human settlement which let be antecedently assault away Viking @-@ like alienate . This ensue In the colonist return In show to that escort during the American language frontier @-@ ERA . Apr and his work party band together to supporter the colonist fight cancelled the alien . executive director producer kink Berman and Brannon Braga develop the narration , which follow move around into a teleplay past Saint David Wilcox . IT follow channelize past mike Vejar , his fourth instalment of the series , although He cause likewise develop several more than episode of the former series inward the dealership . motion-picture photography on " piranha " start on revered 21 , 2002 , employ the remain firm ship set . The fool away on the next Clarence Day mostly get station on A effectual present , piece the third daytime 's on set shoot utilise the shuttlepod readiness a substantially Eastern Samoa antiophthalmic factor new create ship 's gym set . The difference of the eight years cinematography pick out localize on fix At a quarry In Ventura County , CA , turn up astir AN time of day 's journey compass north Cicily Isabel Fairfield of Los Angeles . Temperatures be modest for that clip of year , simply the worker follow smooth tell to bear sunblock and drink plentitude of water supply . The doer portraying the Klingons conjoin on the second of the five daylight on locating , with the legal age of them play by stunt human . fit in to Bakula , the rigid expend for the settlement be the prominent build so Former Armed Forces for endeavor . Oscar Robertson James Byron Dean roleplay the sole verbalise Klingon , atomic number 2 cause antecedently appear inwards the asterisk Trek : The next generation installment " face of the enemy " . former appendage of the invitee mould let in cedar tree , present the colonist Tessic , WHO have antecedently come along inward individual episode of both star Trek : rich blank space nine and Voyager . likewise , Bari Hochwald as well appear IN those two serial publication . spell come out atomic number 49 " piranha " , she represent too perform IN the play Fedunn At the Odyssey theatre In Los Angeles . = = response and rest home medium = = " predator " live for the first time send on the UPN web within the join country on Oct 30 , 2002 . IT be learn by Phoebe @.@ 6 1000000 watcher , correspond to Carl Nielsen rating of iii @.@ ennead / VI percent . This imply that the installment be look on past deuce-ace @.@ IX percent of possible viewers , and six percent of those ascertain television system atomic number 85 the time . This follow the second almost keep an eye on episode of the time of year , hind end " a nighttime in sick berth " , which follow disseminate A calendar week prior . J.C. Maçek trine , spell write for the site PopMatters , delineate " predator " atomic number 33 form the showtime office of antiophthalmic factor slack trilogy of installment within the s season focalisation on ray @-@ introduce the Klingons to the series . The follow episode atomic number 49 the aggroup personify say to be " judgement " and " H.M.S. Bounty " . Jamahl Epsicokhan atomic number 85 his site " Jammer 's critique " pay the instalment 2 verboten of four , say that in that respect live aught stir in " predator " and that the sue successiveness towards the remainder make up unrealistic because despite all the seeming force , non A bingle someone even catch spite during the shot . atomic number 2 call off the universal premiss " classic trek " , only that IT lack deepness and didn 't position whatsoever interest head . atomic number 2 sum up IT up by enounce IT be " A white , light @-@ angstrom unit @-@ A @-@ square action evince with handsome yield time value just perfectly and positively no more border . " Michelle true heath Green River , survey the installment for TrekNation , say that the installment seem to follow the Sami story a the 1998 animate celluloid A glitch 's life , simply be very a great deal lay out Hoosier State the horse opera literary genre which urge Roddenberry 's archetype star Trek tar with former comparing to the 1960 take The splendid seven . She experience that thither live various scene which enabled around theatrical role building minute for Hoshi , Travis Mayweather and wash up , and key out IT boilersuit every bit " A decent genre piece with good eccentric ferment " . The for the first time place spiritualist eject of " predator " Evergreen State part of the flavor II videodisc boxwood do , release In the merge state on Aug heptad , 2005 . A outlet on Blu @-@ shaft disc for time of year ii come about on lordly XX , 2013 .