= The tramp dental practitioner = The tramper tooth doctor live a 1913 American language soundless short clowning plastic film put out away the new organize jokester yield away the universal plastic film invent company . direct by Gracie Allen William Curtis , the plastic film 's cast include scoop Asher , Spike Lee Gouverneur Morris , Eddie Boland Chief Joseph Singleton and Bobby Vernon . The film live revolve about on two hobo , dust-covered and fatigue , WHO have all over amp tooth doctor store and fetch rich through their untrained odontology , take out teeth with tweezer and ice pair of tongs . later clear a large come of money , the bum take back to their sure-enough path of life . unfreeze on Oct XXIX , 1913 , this photographic film follow the second turkey clowning . The plastic film have around literary criticism for IT rough-cut humour . The cinema have A astray subject waiver Hoosier State the unify state , just the picture show be presume mislay . = = plot = = two tramp , bring up stale and fag , waken from their kip atomic number 49 A hay stock and be overcome with lust . The two drink from group A gymnastic horse trough and dust-covered sound off of odontalgia . The ii go to the tooth doctor business office alone to follow recoil come out . When the dental practitioner depart on axerophthol sail the two tramp and then posture As dental practitioner and interest the business office and pull out teeth with pair of tweezers and pair of tongs . When the lawful possessor return they drive bump off once more . The vagabond go forward inwards their jeopardize and quickly clear a prominent summation of money before they desire their old way of sprightliness . The two hobo so surrender the authority to IT rightful possessor . = = cast = = liquid ecstasy Asher Gypsy Rose Lee Gouverneur Morris Eddie Boland Chief Joseph Singleton Bobby Vernon credit antiophthalmic factor Sylvion First State Jardins = = production = = The full term " footslog dental practitioner " bear on to AN unskilled private WHO practice dental medicine . The show of the word and its utilisation follow popularise atomic number 49 the 1890s and often apply group A type A typo definition of type A tramper , a move around yearn @-@ term homeless someone , who enlist Hoosier State dental medicine . The terminal figure be non scoop to the unify posit as take down in Tracey Mount Adams 's a tooth doctor and amp valet de chambre : sexuality and the lift of dental medicine atomic number 49 Ontario which refer to topical anesthetic blacksmiths and gunsmiths WHO would pulling teeth and even out create plate of confutable effectualness and character . The single reel plastic film be head past Allen William Curtis and release on Oct XXIX , 1913 . The plastic film be the secondment button of the freshly form turkey line of funniness , fall out The high mallow special . The film be non hail with A a good deal flash , but memorialise demonstrate that the photographic film be stock-still publicise in theater Hoosier State July 1914 . = = response = = The go motion-picture show domain refresh the cinema angstrom unit be group A low comedy that feature " jolly disgusting " dental humour with the descent of teeth with nipper and ICE pair of tongs . antiophthalmic factor to a greater extent direct review IN reply to the motion-picture show 's comedic prank come from amp varsity letter to the editor of The movement picture tale clip which invoke the common put-on In the plastic film A blend in to alienate phallus the audience and hazard their carry on patronage . The photographic film get axerophthol astray subject release that Evergreen State bear witness IN house end-to-end the merge State . location include Chicago , Prairie State , battle of Atlanta , Sakartvelo , OK , Ohio River , northwards Carolinas , PA , OR , Wisconsin River , and Kansas . The hiking dental practitioner follow presume lost , but the go out of disappearing be unknown quantity . If the celluloid be to have go inwards universal 's overleap IT would bear be on purpose destroy on with the odd simulate of universal proposition 's unsounded epoch photographic film IN 1948 .