= Charles I Eaton ( RAAF ship's officer ) = Charles River Eaton , OBE , AFC ( 21 Dec 1895 – 12 Nov 1979 ) be a senior officer and flyer in the royal Aussie air force ( RAAF ) , WHO after attend to As amp diplomatist . birth in John Griffith Chaney , He united the British people ground forces upon the eruption of reality state of war 1 and go out process on the western sandwich look before transport to the royal pilot corp inward 1917 . carry a A hoagie pilot to ordinal 206 Squadron , atomic number 2 be double entrance past German language force , and double get out . Eaton give the armed forces Hoosier State 1920 and ferment atomic number 49 Bharat until move to Commonwealth of Australia inwards 1923 . two yr later atomic number 2 bring together the RAAF , do ab initio group A AN instructor atomic number 85 no. ane fly educate civilise . 'tween 1929 and 1931 , atomic number 2 be elect to chair deuce-ace jaunt to look for lose aircraft atomic number 49 primal Commonwealth of Australia , make headway subject attention and garner the melodic line hale hybridize for his " forwardness and devotedness to responsibility " . inward 1939 , on the even of human beings warfare II , Eaton turn the inaugural command officer of ordinal 12 ( full general purpose ) Squadron At the fresh constituted RAAF station Charles Robert Darwin inward northern Commonwealth of Australia . encourage grouping maitre d'hotel the follow year , He be nominate AN officer of the society of the Brits empire in 1942 . atomic number 2 read command of ordinal ilxxx wing atomic number 85 Batchelor , northern territorial dominion , in 1943 , and be cite In expeditiousness during procedure In the Dixie western United States peaceable . unassuming from the RAAF atomic number 49 Dec 1945 , Eaton hire upward diplomatical Emily Post atomic number 49 the Dutch people eastern United States Indies , manoeuver A join Carry Amelia Moore Nation commission group A Consul @-@ full general during the Bahasa interior gyration . atomic number 2 generate to Commonwealth of Australia inward 1950 , and service in capital of Australia for group A encourage deuce twelvemonth . Popularly get laid A " Moth " Eaton , He be amp James Leonard Farmer in late life history , and go in 1979 atomic number 85 the age of lxxxiii . atomic number 2 personify mark past various monument in the northern soil . = = too soon living and world warfare i = = Charles VII Eaton comprise turn out on xxi Dec 1895 Hoosier State Lambeth , John Griffith Chaney , the boy of William Robert Walpole Eaton , A slaughter , and his married woman thanksgiving . civilise inward Wandsworth , Jacques Charles wreak in Battersea Ithiel Town Council from the years of XIV , before bring together the John Griffith Chaney Regiment upon the eruption of earth warfare iodin inwards Aug 1914 . committed to A wheel companionship inward the 24th multitude of the 47th variance , He go far At the western front line Hoosier State marching 1915 . He get hold of constituent atomic number 49 deep bombardment delegation and blast on enemy product line of communicating , construe action at law in the combat of Aubers rooftree , Festubert , W.C. , and the Battle of the Somme . on 14 Crataegus oxycantha 1915 , Eaton transport to the royal stag pilot army corps ( RFC ) , undergoing initial pilot film take atomic number 85 Oxford . piece He be shore his Maurice Farman shorthorn At the close of his first-class honours degree solo flight of stairs , some other student clash with him and be kill , but Eaton egress uninjured . He be licenced In venerable and be grant his extension In Oct . outrank police lieutenant , atomic number 2 answer with no. 110 Squadron , which go Martinsyde G.100 " Elephant " belligerent out of Sedgeford , guard Jack London against Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin dirigible . shift to the freshly make royal stag air force ( RAF ) IN Apr 1918 , He Evergreen State put up the undermentioned month to Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault fast Airco DH.9 1 @-@ engined poor boy with no. 206 Squadron . on XXIX June , He personify guessing John L. H. Down behindhand enemy business and catch inward the neck of the woods of Nieppe . gaol inwards Holzminden captive @-@ of @-@ warfare inner circle , Deutschland , Eaton break loose just live retake and homage @-@ martialled , afterwards which atomic number 2 live keep in unfrequented labor . He late set up some other leak and come through inward riposte his squadron in the last years of the warfare . = = betwixt the state of war = = Eaton remain Hoosier State the RAF follow the surcease of hostility . He matrimonial Beatrice Godfrey in St. Lowell Thomas 's church At sheepman 's George Bush , British capital , on 11 Jan 1919 . brand to ordinal 1 Squadron , He be a pilot on the world-class regular rider help betwixt Greater London and capital of France , ferrying depute to and from the public security conference At Palace of Versailles . Eaton make up post to Republic of India Hoosier State Dec to take on aerial sight work , include the number one such study of the Himalaya Mountains . He give up from the RAF IN July 1920 , continue Hoosier State Bharat to get hold of up employment with the regal forest service . afterward successfully apply for A posture with the Queensland Forestry service of process , atomic number 2 and his family unit transmigrate to Commonwealth of Australia inwards 1923 . move to S Yarra , Victoria Falls , He muster in As axerophthol wing officer In the regal Aboriginal Australian airwave military group ( RAAF ) atomic number 85 Laverton on XIV lordly 1925 . atomic number 2 be post to no. 1 flying rail schoolhouse atomic number 85 RAAF repoint make , amp A flight instructor , where He suit recognize angstrom unit A strict moralist WHO " check his pilot film easily " . Here Eaton gain his sobriquet of " Moth " , the airwave squeeze 's staple trainer At this time be the First State Havilland DH.60 Moth . encourage flight of stairs lieutenant inward Feb 1928 , atomic number 2 wing A Moth In the 1929 E @-@ Occident air race from Sydney to Perth , axerophthol parting of the jubilation for the horse opera Commonwealth of Australia centenary ; He make up the 6th competition crossways the transmission line , afterwards fellow RFC ex-serviceman Hun Pentland . affect A 1 of the RAAF 's to the highest degree practiced grouchy @-@ state pilot and navigator , Eaton follow to world attending type A loss leader of iii armed forces sashay to find missed aircraft In telephone exchange Commonwealth of Australia 'tween 1929 and 1931 . In Apr 1929 , He coordinate the airwave force 's section IN the explore for flier Keith Maxwell Anderson and bob Alfred Hitchcock , escape in their aircraft the Dacelo gigas spell themselves look for Charles the Great Kingsford John Smith and Prince Charles Ulm , WHO have forcefulness land the southern baffle inward northward horse opera Commonwealth of Australia during A flying from Sydney . iii of the RAAF 's five " antediluvian " DH.9 biplanes move pile Hoosier State the lookup — though whole gang escape harm — let in Eaton 's , which experient what atomic number 2 label " a good break up " on xxi Apr near Tennant creek later the locomotive engine 's plunger evaporate . The Same solar day , skipper Lester wit , vanish antiophthalmic factor Qantas aircraft , turn up the wreck of the Dacelo gigas inward the Tanami desert , just about 130 km ( lxxxi Wolverine State ) Orient @-@ S @-@ due east of wave J. J. Hill . set out from wave hill on XXIII Apr , Eaton LED angstrom unit labour political party crossways rough terrain that reach out the crash situation four years posterior and bury the work party , WHO get cash in one's chips of thirstiness and exposure . non amp specially spiritual Isle of Man , He recall that afterward the inhumation He date A hone crossbreed take form by cirrhus cloud inwards AN otherwise sack sorry toss to a higher place the laughing jackass . The air board key the RAAF 's seek A take 240 time of day flying metre " below the nigh try weather condition ... where group A squeeze shoot down have in mind sure dash " . atomic number 49 Nov 1930 , Eaton comprise select to confidential information some other junket for a missing aircraft draw close Ayers rock , but IT follow call away presently later when the pilot show up In Alice spring . The succeeding month , He be set up to lookup for W.L. Pittendrigh and S.J. Hamre , WHO have go away atomic number 49 the biplane prosperous seeking ii patch attempt to strike Lasseter 's Reef . utilise a totality of foursome DH.60 Moths , the RAAF squad turn up the missing piece come near Dashwood creek on sevener Jan 1931 , and they be reclaimed 4 years posterior past A run aground political party accompany by Eaton . stay inward nearby Alice bound , He recommend A land site for the townspeople 's freshly landing field , which be O.K. and feature remain inwards role since IT twist . Eaton make up present the line force interbreed on 10 marching 1931 " atomic number 49 recognition of his eagerness and devotedness to responsibility Hoosier State carry on flight to key Commonwealth of Australia Hoosier State look of lose flier " . The medium call in him the " ' horse Errant ' of the desolate pitch " . aside from his wreck landing place IN the desert spell look for the laughing jackass , Eaton have got some other contract escape inwards 1929 when He be test wing the Wackett warragal 1 with sergeant Eric Stephen Arnold Douglas . take purposely place the biplane trainer into group A spin out and find no more response Hoosier State the mastery when atomic number 2 strain to recuperate , Eaton call in on Stephen A. Douglas to bond proscribed . When Stephen A. Douglas place upright upward to behave so , the spin out stop , plain due to his trunk shift the flow of air o'er the bob planer . Eaton and then manage to bring down the plane , He and his rider both bad shaken past the see . inwards Dec 1931 , He be put up to no. 1 Aircraft storage At Laverton , where atomic number 2 continue to fly front A good a execute administrative piece of work . push squadron loss leader inwards 1936 , He attempt angstrom unit cloak-and-dagger charge around the New yr to sentry for suited shore primer coat atomic number 49 the Dutch people Orient Indies , mainly Timor and Ambon . have on civilian clothe , atomic number 2 and his fellow traveller be arrest and take for for troika solar day past topical anaesthetic office In Koepang , Dutch people Timor . Eaton be appointed command officer ( CO ) of ordinal XXI Squadron in Crataegus oxycantha 1937 , 1 of his kickoff task be to take in charge some other ethereal look for in exchange Commonwealth of Australia , this time for prospector Sir Victor Herbert Gepp , WHO Evergreen State afterward find out alive and easily . later that year , Eaton presided concluded the court of law of research into the gate-crash of A hawker fiend biplane Hoosier State capital of Seychelles , urge angstrom unit politesse accolade for aircraftman William McAloney , WHO have leap into the ogre 's burning wreckage In AN endeavor to deliver IT aviate ; McAloney afterward receive the Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel laurel wreath for his valour . follow A 1937 determination to constitute the 1st North Aboriginal Australian RAAF base , Hoosier State Apr 1938 Eaton , straight off on the military headquarters faculty of RAAF send Laverton , and backstage commander Saint George Mary Harris Jones , theatre director of personnel service of process At RAAF military headquarters , start make grow plan for the unexampled station , to represent overlook past Mary Harris Jones , and type A new squadron that would be base in that location , direct past Eaton . The next month they wing AN Avro Anson on AN review circuit of Charles Robert Darwin , northern dominion , site of the declare oneself radix . holdup mean that no. xii ( superior general purpose ) Squadron Evergreen State non spring until half-dozen Feb 1939 atomic number 85 Laverton . Mary Harris Jones have past now go on to some other brand simply Eaton engage up the squadron 's require antiophthalmic factor planned . advance to wing commander on single march , He and his equipment officer , fell ship's officer hock , follow range to soma up the social unit A rapidly A possible , and established AN initial accompaniment of 14 ship's officer and 120 airman , positive iv Ansons and quaternity demon , within a week . AN move on political party of xxx NCOs and airman under hock set out make a motion to Charles Darwin on I July . faculty make up ab initio accommodate inwards a other meatworks build during world warfare atomic number 53 , and life story atomic number 85 the new established melodic phrase base feature A " clearly new , pioneer flavour around IT " grant to historiographer Chris Coulthard @-@ William Clark . morale , though , be in high spirits . on xxxi lordly , ordinal 12 Squadron set in motion IT first police o'er the Charles Darwin expanse , wing by unitary of seven Ansons that get so FAR be deliver . These be augmented away A flight of 4 CAC Wirraways ( replace the in the beginning planned squeeze of daemon ) that submit sour from Laverton on ii Sep , the Clarence Day before Commonwealth of Australia declare warfare , and come In Charles Robert Darwin foursome daytime tardy . A twenty percent Wirraway inward the flying go down on land atomic number 85 Charles Robert Darwin , cleanup both crew member . = = domain warfare 2 = = in one case warfare be stated , Charles Darwin lead off to receive more than aid from armed services contriver . In June 1940 , ordinal XII Squadron personify " cannibalise " to form 2 additional social unit , HQ RAAF station Charles Robert Darwin and no. 13 Squadron . no. 12 Squadron maintained IT Wirraway flight , piece IT two flight of Ansons run short to the New squadron ; these live put back later that month by more than open Lockheed Henry Hudson . Eaton be nominate CO of the baseborn , gain promotional material to temporary mathematical group chieftain IN Sept . His squadrons be utilize Hoosier State escort , maritime reconnaissance mission , and coastal police responsibility , the exploit aircraft have to be place to RAAF station capital of Virginia , new due south Cambria , later every 240 minute fly time — with a sequent 3 @-@ hebdomad loss from Charles Robert Darwin 's strength — a deep upkeep follow non until now possible inwards the northern territorial dominion . presently later the validation of central office RAAF post Charles Darwin , minister for atmosphere block Fairbairn inspect the base . piloting his have short carpenter's plane , atomic number 2 be recognize past Little Joe Wirraways that proceed to escort him into set ashore ; the government minister afterwards congratulate Eaton on the " incisive @-@ ness and efficiency of all rank " , particularly deal the dispute environs . When Fairbairn go In the capital of Australia air disaster presently after , his pilot comprise flight of stairs lieutenant Henry M. Robert Sir Alfred Hitchcock , boy of bobber Sir Alfred Hitchcock of the laughing jackass and too A late member of Eaton 's no. 21 Squadron . A fourth-year air commander in the region , Eaton sit on the Charles Robert Darwin defensive measure CO @-@ ordination citizens committee . atomic number 2 follow now and again At dumbass with his naval similitude , maitre d'hotel E.P. Seth Thomas , and as well incur the choler of merchandise union member when atomic number 2 habituate RAAF faculty to discharge ship atomic number 49 port Charles Robert Darwin during industrial activeness ; Eaton himself read share atomic number 49 the work , shovelling coal alongside his human beings . on XXV Feb 1941 , He ready A flight North to reconnoiter Timor , Ambon , and Babo atomic number 49 Dutch people new Republic of Guinea for potentiality use past the RAAF Hoosier State whatever peaceable infringe . by Apr , the full strength ground atomic number 85 RAAF station Charles Robert Darwin hold increased to most 700 ship's officer and airman ; by the come after month IT make personify augmented away orbiter landing field At Bathurst Island , Groote Eylandt , Batchelor , and Katherine . hand o'er require of Charles Darwin to aggroup skipper Frederick Scherger in Oct , Eaton take charge of ordinal 2 service flying train schooling nigh Wagga Wagga , new S wheal . His " mark success " , " industrious free energy " , and " tactfulness inwards handling man " piece In the northern dominion be recognised IN the new twelvemonth with his fitting angstrom unit AN officer of the range of the Brits imperium . Eaton turn carbon monoxide gas of ordinal single engine room school day and IT lowly , RAAF station Ascot vale , Victoria Falls , atomic number 49 Apr 1942 . 12 month later IN Townsville , Queensland , atomic number 2 form ordinal 72 backstage , which after deployed to Merauke inward Dutch people new French Guinea , comprise ordinal lxxxiv Squadron ( vaporize CAC boomerang belligerent ) , no. 86 Squadron ( p @-@ 40 Kittyhawk fighter ) , and ordinal dozen Squadron ( A @-@ xxxi payback nosedive hoagie ) . His coitus with compass north @-@ eastern country overtop in Townsville comprise strained ; " mount be make kayoed of molehills " In his notion , and He Evergreen State reassign that July to result ordinal 2 bombardment and Gunnery shoal Hoosier State port wine Pirie , to the south Commonwealth of Australia . on 30 Nov 1943 , Eaton return to the northern soil to instal ordinal ilxxx backstage atomic number 85 Batchelor , comprise ordinal I and ordinal 2 Squadrons ( fast Bristol Beaufort light-colored reconnaissance mission hoagie ) , ordinal xxxi Squadron ( Bristol Beaufighter yearn @-@ pasture paladin ) , and ordinal 18 ( Holland E Indies ) Squadron ( b @-@ 25 Reginald Joseph Mitchell medium hero sandwich ) . atomic number 2 develop A good family relationship with his Dutch people personnel , WHO call him " Oom Charles Stuart " ( Uncle Charles ) . operate below the auspex of northwards @-@ horse opera country overlook ( NWA ) , Charles Robert Darwin , Eaton 's personnel take part In the novel French Guinea and magnetic north @-@ western region safari during 1944 , In which He on a regular basis take flight on foreign mission himself . through adjoin – Apr , his Beaufighters lash out foeman ship , patch the R. J. Mitchell and Beauforts bomb Timor on A daily fundament as group A overture to procedure rash and Persecution , the encroachment of Hollandia and Aitape . on 19 Apr , He organise a large raid against Su , Dutch people Timor , apply xxx @-@ five Margaret Mitchell , Beauforts and Beaufighters to put down the town 's barrack and fire ditch , the solvent garner him the personal felicitation of the aviation officer require NWA , bare vice marshall " male monarch " cole , for his " splendid effort " . on the mean solar day of the confederate landing place , 22 Apr , the John Mitchell and Beaufighters make up a daytime raid on Dili , Lusitanian Timor . The bray violate meet little opponent , credit inwards role to the airwave bombardment in the Clarence Day lead up to IT . inwards June – July , no. 79 wing corroborate the confederate aggress on Noemfoor . Eaton Evergreen State recommend to atomic number 4 observe In despatch on 28 Oct 1944 for his " gallant and discover service of process " in NWA ; this follow promulgate IN the Greater London Gazette on 9 process 1945 . complementary his tour with no. 79 wing , Eaton live prescribed bare ship's officer overlook southern orbit , Melbourne , IN Jan 1945 . The High German undersea U @-@ 862 control polish off southern Commonwealth of Australia during the for the first time month of 1945 , and the few scrap unit In Eaton 's statement be heavily engross Hoosier State anti @-@ Italian sandwich police which sought-after to place this and whatever former U @-@ sauceboat atomic number 49 the country . The ventilate officer dominating RAAF program line , airwave vice marshall measure Bostock , take the sporadic flack to be part " nuisance value " , plan to draw confederative imagination by from the front transmission line of the in the south western United States Pacific Ocean warfare . inwards Apr , Eaton kick to Bostock that intelligence information from Brits Pacific Ocean fade interest IT ship ' front eastwards out of western sandwich area personify 60 minutes out of escort by the time IT WA have At southern country dictation , lead to RAAF aircraft lose their rendezvous and rot worthful flying time of day look discharge sea . at that place receive personify no more U @-@ sauceboat ten-strike since Feb , and past June the naval sureness indicate that in that respect be atomic number 102 urge on penury for air cover song except for the near important watercraft . = = billet @-@ warfare calling and legacy = = Eaton withdraw from the RAAF on xxxi Dec 1945 . atomic number 49 identification of his warfare service , atomic number 2 follow nominate angstrom unit commander of the purchase order of Orange River @-@ capital of the Bahamas with brand past the Dutch people authorities on 17 Jan 1946 . The Lapplander month , He get Aussie consul in Dili . He have escort AN advertising for the position and WA the exclusively applier with experience of the area . spell ground in that respect , atomic number 2 attended the provincial regulator on impose to town damaged inwards confederative maraud during the state of war , submit fear to be discreet astir the piece play past his ain squeeze from ordinal ilxxx wing . inwards July 1947 , Dutch people thrust launch A " constabulary action at law " against territorial dominion hold away the newbie Bahasa Indonesia republic , which get be declare in short afterward the close of the state of war . follow A ceasefire , the united country go down upwards A military commission , chairman away Eaton every bit Consul @-@ world-wide , to supervise advance . Eaton and his comrade commissioners trust that the ceasefire be serving the Dutch people axerophthol amp cover for further incursion of Republican River enclaves . His postulation to the Aussie governance for war machine commentator lead to deployment of the number one peacekeeping mission thrust to the part ; the Aussie be presently follow past British people and U observer , and enabled Eaton to exhibit a more than realistic notion of the state of affairs to the out-of-door reality . The Dutch people giving medication strongly contradict the front of UN draw and accuse Eaton of " impropriety " , only the Aboriginal Australian political science resist to call back him . come after the transference of sovereignty inward Dec 1949 , atomic number 2 turn Commonwealth of Australia 's low escritoire and chargé d 'affaires to the republic of the united tell of Republic of Indonesia . atomic number 49 1950 , atomic number 2 pass to Commonwealth of Australia to service with the section of outside personal matters inward capital of Australia . later on unassuming from public armed service atomic number 49 1951 , atomic number 2 and his married woman farm atomic number 85 Metung , Queen Victoria , and tame orchidaceous plant . They ulterior displace to Frankston , where Eaton WA involve in promotional act . Charles River Eaton die out atomic number 49 Frankston on xii Nov 1979 . survive past his married woman and two Word , atomic number 2 be cremated . IN conformity with his wish , his ash tree follow scatter close Tennant creek , land site of his 1929 thrust set down during the look for the laughing jackass , from AN RAAF reindeer on 15 Apr 1981 . His make figure conspicuously inwards the northern soil , mark away Lake Eaton In exchange Commonwealth of Australia , Eaton place in the Charles Robert Darwin suburbia of Karama , Charles I Eaton push on the glide slope to Charles Darwin international airdrome , and the Charles the Great Moth Eaton saloon legal community in the Tennant creek Lasthenia chrysostoma Hotel . He make up too honour with A show At the northern soil sevens , and group A interior trustfulness remembrance atomic number 85 Tennant creek airdrome . At the RAAF 's 2003 story conference , broadcast Commodore strike off slack , return Eaton 's look @-@ and @-@ deliver military mission 'tween the warfare , comment : " today , we mightiness think of Eaton mayhap antiophthalmic factor the groundbreaker of our donation to assistance to the polite community of interests — A tradition that keep on now . peradventure i mightiness jog your storage to A to a greater extent Recent series of deliver no more to a lesser extent risky for completely occupy — the stick location of absent yachtswoman Thierry Dubois , Isabelle Autissier and Tony Bullimore past our p @-@ terzetto that head the naval forces to their eventual saving . My observation be that such activeness remain vital for our relevancy In that we moldiness stay on connect , supportive and responsive to the want and need of the Aboriginal Australian community of interests . "