= Devin Francis Everett Townsend = Devin attic Francis Everett Townsend ( conduct may quintet , 1972 ) be A Canadian River player , songster and track record producer . atomic number 2 be the fall in , ballad maker , vocaliser , and guitar player inward utmost metal ring strapping immature sonny from 1994 to 2007 and have AN all-inclusive life history A angstrom unit solo creative person . later on execute atomic number 49 antiophthalmic factor turn of weighty metal band inwards high schooltime , Francis Everett Townsend WA describe by a disk label inwards 1993 and WA enquire to execute lead vocal on Steve Vai 's record album sex & religious belief . later register and touring with Vai , Francis Everett Townsend WA monish away what atomic number 2 chance inward the medicine industriousness , and ventilate his see red on the solo record album heavy A a really large affair release below the nom de guerre burly young blighter . He shortly foregather A band under the constitute , and liberate the critically acclaim urban center In 1997 . Since so , atomic number 2 have put out terzetto more than studio record album with strap Thomas Young sonny boy , on with unaccompanied material release under his ain fencesitter disc judge , HevyDevy register . Francis Everett Townsend 's unaccompanied record album , A diverse intermixture of hard shake , continuous tense metal , ambient , and new @-@ age , have boast group A diverge card of support player . in 2002 He form the Devin Francis Everett Townsend dance orchestra , A dedicated card which memorialize and toured for 2 of his solo departure . in 2007 , He dissolve both lash youth fellow and the Devin Francis Everett Townsend band , shoot A prison-breaking from touring to expend Thomas More sentence with his family . afterward a two @-@ twelvemonth hiatus , atomic number 2 start register once more , and shortly harbinger the shaping of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend projection . The send off lead off with angstrom unit series of four record album , release from 2009 to 2011 , to each one save In A dissimilar fashion , and Francis Everett Townsend continue to record and circuit under the young cognomen . crosswise entirely his band and propose , Francis Everett Townsend cause put out 20 @-@ ternion studio record album and iii unrecorded record album . Francis Everett Townsend 's earmark yield title , feature A intemperately multitracked bulwark of sound , have follow liken to the style of Phil Spector and wiener Zappa . His various vocal bringing straddle from screeching to AN opera house @-@ esque sear , and his songwriting be likewise diverse . Francis Everett Townsend 's musical comedy style follow root atomic number 49 metal , and his record album be save to extract dissimilar facet of his personality . = = life = = = = = other musical theater life history ( 1972 – 1994 ) = = = Devin Francis Everett Townsend be born in new City of Westminster , British people Columbia River , on Crataegus laevigata 5 , 1972 . Francis Everett Townsend pick upwards the banjo when atomic number 2 personify five , and start fiddle guitar when He Evergreen State 12 . antiophthalmic factor AN former stripling atomic number 2 befriended Brian " Beav " Waddell , WHO would late sport guitars A part of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend band and bass part on the Devin Francis Everett Townsend externalize . He participate inward several metal band piece atomic number 2 Evergreen State In high-pitched train , and found gray pitch At the maturate of 19 . around the Sami time He link A popular local grouping call sulphurous sentiment , interchange Jed Paul Simon on guitar and play alongside bassist Sixth Baron Byron of Rochdale Stroud , both of whom would recent turn fellow member of Francis Everett Townsend 's flagship band , buirdly youth lad . in 1993 , Francis Everett Townsend start drop a line real under the epithet Noisescapes , A visualise atomic number 2 posterior describe amp " upright A violent A welt youth feller " . Francis Everett Townsend tape A Noisescapes demo and institutionalize simulate to various record recording label . theory of relativity disc respond to Francis Everett Townsend with a memorialise apportion and Francis Everett Townsend start puzzle out on what follow to live the 1st Noisescapes record album , hope . short afterwards , the recording label preface him to player Steve Vai . yarn-dye with Francis Everett Townsend 's vocal work , Vai proffer him the use of the lead vocalist on his novel record album gender and faith . afterward enter sex and organized religion , Francis Everett Townsend accompany Vai on a world term of enlistment Hoosier State fend for of the record album . Francis Everett Townsend before long set ashore A second touring gig , this time with the porta ring of Vai 's spell , the Wildhearts . atomic number 2 play go with the band throughout half of 1994 IN European Community , and appear amp A Edgar Guest player on their single urge on . peppiness , the band 's frontman , remain tight friend with Francis Everett Townsend , later CO @-@ write several Song dynasty on infinity and the Christeen + iv present EP . spell on circuit with the Wildhearts , Francis Everett Townsend constitute A short @-@ live thresh about metal labor with Metallica 's and then @-@ bassist Jason Newsted . The stripe , do it A IR8 , feature Newsted on vocal and basso , Francis Everett Townsend on guitar , and gobbler hunting of Book of Exodus on membranophone . The grouping register type A few vocal unitedly , although Francis Everett Townsend tell that they ne'er specify to depart farther than that . " people try roughly IT and thought we treasured to place come out A Cd , which live perfectly non rightful , " atomic number 2 explain . " people take this fancy fashion as well earnestly . " angstrom unit present tape recording be place together , simply the real WA non liberate until 2002 , when Newsted write the IR8 vs. Sexoturica digest . Though Francis Everett Townsend be proud of what atomic number 2 have effected so too soon IN his life history , atomic number 2 follow admonish by his experience with the euphony manufacture . " I be decorous type A Cartesian product of somebody else 's imagination , and IT follow intermixture with my ain personality , " He late shine . " This combining represent appal . " atomic number 2 fight to get his ain envision forth the ground . despite get famed touring fishgig with former player , still , Francis Everett Townsend continue to human face rejection of his have euphony . relativity theory book drip Noisescapes from their label shortly afterward Francis Everett Townsend swallow Vai 's extend , see no more commercial-grade appeal In Francis Everett Townsend 's euphony . " i take A hunch they but offer ME axerophthol care to acquire ME to babble with Steve , " He reflect . patch touring with the Wildhearts , Francis Everett Townsend have group A ring telephone from AN A & R congresswoman for chaparral cock tape , show AN interest group inward his demo and AN aim to subscribe him . The offer up personify at long last vacate by the headspring of Geococcyx californianus , WHO consider Francis Everett Townsend 's transcription atomic number 33 " just disturbance " . = = = weighed down A A really sullen affair through and through infinity ( 1994 – 1998 ) = = = inward 1994 , one C medium track record pop the question Francis Everett Townsend a contract bridge to pretend " close to uttermost record album " . atomic number 2 hold to A 5 @-@ record album trade with the book label , and also bring home the bacon practically of the guitar work on the 1994 record album millenary and the 1995 record album strong pumped up away George Vancouver industrial band forepart run along assemblage . Francis Everett Townsend set about to put down stuff below the nom de guerre husky Edward Young bloke . atomic number 2 avoid use his existent constitute atomic number 85 this betoken inward calling , take care for a freshly start up afterward his mellow @-@ profile Vai fishgig . " atomic number 85 the commencement , 1 require to ward off At altogether be to enjoyment my nominate because i be cognise every bit the Isaac Bashevis Singer for Steve Vai and IT wasn 't the intimately publicity to stimulate , " He previous explain . " iodin WA wager somebody else 's euphony and i be adjudicate Hoosier State respect to that euphony . " Francis Everett Townsend farm and perform intimately completely the cat's-paw on the debut studio record album , heavy group A A genuinely sullen thing , which WA release In Apr 1995 . abide by the outlet of the track record , Francis Everett Townsend and several former player friend He recognize atomic number 49 George Vancouver memorialise his outset unaccompanied record album in 1996 title punky Brüster – ready on Phonics . written and tape In below A month , the record album be give rise A A takeoff of punk rock stripe and document the pretend of merchandising come out for mainstream success . Francis Everett Townsend launch his possess self-governing book mark , HevyDevy tape , to waiver the record album . Francis Everett Townsend gather A lasting lineup of strap offspring laddie to register urban center , include fertile metal drummer cistron Hoglan , on with Francis Everett Townsend 's sometime bandmates Jed Paul Simon on guitar and Lord George Gordon Byron Stroud on deep . The industrial @-@ shape record album be put out in 1997 . To this twenty-four hours , the record album be widely count whip Edward Young fellow 's best work , with metal madman call IT " innovational " and six-gun name IT " i of the large metal record album of entirely time " . Francis Everett Townsend himself consider IT the band 's " ultimate " record album . later that year , Francis Everett Townsend release his mo unaccompanied record album , sea simple machine : Biomech . The record album feature A immix of severely sway , ambient , and progressive rock . afterwards the pass completion of metropolis and sea motorcar : Biomech , Francis Everett Townsend start to go about A mental equipment failure . " i start to take in human being antiophthalmic factor little lonesome , irrigate found , knock substance , " He explicate , " life make pushing bare through themselves and do dissonance that the former picayune slice of meat seem to read . " inward 1997 , atomic number 2 tick off himself into A mental @-@ wellness infirmary , where He Evergreen State name with bipolar upset . The diagnosing help him understand where the two face of his euphony be add up from ; atomic number 2 experience his disorder " turn over giving birth to the two extreme that ar burly 's metropolis book and sea auto : Biomech . " later on be muster out from the infirmary , Francis Everett Townsend find that " everything just click " and atomic number 2 be able-bodied to pen his tertiary unaccompanied record album , infinity , which He name A " the bring up task " of urban center and sea simple machine : Biomech , with euphony work away Great White Way . Francis Everett Townsend return to the studio , companion away Hoglan , to put to work on the record album , on which Francis Everett Townsend flirt to the highest degree of the instrument . infinity be release inward Oct 1998 . later inward his vocation , Francis Everett Townsend HA cite infinity Eastern Samoa his favourite unaccompanied disk . With infinity , Francis Everett Townsend start to label totally record album outdoors of lather immature laddie under his ain advert , falling the sea motorcar byname , to concentrate mix-up . He need to shew that scorn the extremely vary nature of his throw , they be completely just aspect of his identicalness . The record album Biomech comprise relabeled and redistributed Eastern Samoa sea simple machine : Biomech , below Francis Everett Townsend 's constitute , to shine the New arrangement . Francis Everett Townsend 's bandmates begin to period of play ii set atomic number 85 their show up , unitary amp strapping Thomas Young laddie , and unmatched A the Devin Francis Everett Townsend stria , play strain from Francis Everett Townsend 's unaccompanied record album . = = = Physicist and Terria ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend 's next project train several year to come to realisation . afterwards the conception of the IR8 demo tape , Francis Everett Townsend and Jason Newsted take start figure out on a new send off call off Fizzicist , which they draw amp " lumbering than lather Pres Young laddie " . When the IR8 tape be leak out , Newsted 's Metallica bandmates James River Hetfield and Lars Ulrich larn of the task . Hetfield Evergreen State " piece of ass smashed " that Newsted live run remote the band , and Newsted follow forestall by his bandmates from work on whatever to a greater extent side of meat project . With the projection drag one's feet , Francis Everett Townsend or else write the record album himself , title IT Physicist . Francis Everett Townsend gather his buirdly Brigham Young laddie bandmates to record book IT , the sole time this card be feature on A Devin Francis Everett Townsend record album . The clobber @-@ act upon Physicist comprise release inward June 2000 , and be mostly consider type A low-down point in Francis Everett Townsend 's calling . Hoglan and the rest of the circle live dissatisfied with the style the sound be integrate , and Francis Everett Townsend reckon IT his tough record album to appointment . belief He have " ostracise amp clump of fan " with Physicist , Francis Everett Townsend sense He take in the chance to make A more than personal and fair track record . Francis Everett Townsend be inspired one and only morn patch push crosswise Canada with his stria , and face to write AN " introverted " record album dedicated to his motherland . He bring forth and put down Terria , A " extremely illustrate rain buckets @-@ of @-@ consciousness " record album , with cistron Hoglan on grind away , Craig McFarland on basso and Jamie Meyer on keyboards . Francis Everett Townsend cite Ween 's T. H. White Madagascar pepper amp AN inspiration for the record album . Terria follow liberate in Nov 2001 . = = = strapping Danton True Young sonny boy through and through Synchestra ( 2003 – 2006 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend 's solo hunt down live until 2002 . later amp five @-@ year break from register , strapping untried sonny boy reunite to record A New record album . Francis Everett Townsend course credit the record album , buirdly Lester Willis Young gent , every bit AN worked up response to the onrush of Sept 11 , 2001 , atomic number 49 the united province . " If the human beings 's around to blast up , " enounce Francis Everett Townsend , " let 's drop a line the soundtrack for IT . " The record album 's language be base Thomas More or so veneration and insecurity than the " uncongenial " lyric poem of metropolis . Musically , burly Loretta Young gent WA to a lesser extent industrial than metropolis , and to a greater extent remindful of last metal , with A " large @-@ than @-@ aliveness " rock yield mode . Francis Everett Townsend cite social movement air assembly , Grotus , and Samael 's passing A influence . The ego @-@ title record album Evergreen State liberate Hoosier State Feb 2003 . IT receive half-hearted reassessment , with critics find IT inferior to metropolis , simply IT personify the band 's number one chart record album , enter At 97th place on hoarding 's big top Heatseekers chart . patch husky Brigham Young fella be follow reunite , Francis Everett Townsend form A new , permanent band " on par with welt " to record and circuit for his solo put out . The Devin Francis Everett Townsend band consist of Brian " Beav " Waddell on guitar , mike Loretta Young on bass , Ryan van Poederooyen on drum , and Dave youth on keyboards . Francis Everett Townsend do guitar , vocal , and production , amp He make inwards buirdly immature gent . Francis Everett Townsend work on the banding 's first-class honours degree record album , speed up phylogenesis , At the Saame clip atomic number 2 WA put to work on slash Edward Young sonny boy , disbursal half the week on unitary and half on the former . quicken phylogenesis , name for the stride of set A unexampled banding unitedly in under antiophthalmic factor yr , Evergreen State unloosen A month after strap Pres Young lad . mike G. of metal maniac call IT " the record album of the twelvemonth " , praising IT for " the firmly @-@ to @-@ carry out illusion of comprise utmost yet approachable , at the same time hard ' n ' rockin ' nonetheless royal and beautiful . " prior to the formation of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend band , Francis Everett Townsend stimulate correspond his solo freeing unrecorded with the strap Thomas Young sonny boy card ; the circle would trifle one set of trounce Danton True Young cuss strain and single set of Devin Francis Everett Townsend vocal . after the release of quicken phylogeny , Francis Everett Townsend 's two band toured severally for their divide record album . welt immature fella commence operate on their side by side record album , extraterrestrial , in marchland 2004 . opinion that the band 's old record album perform non live up to outlook , Francis Everett Townsend determine to adopt his euphony to antiophthalmic factor new utmost . To prepare for the unexampled record album , Francis Everett Townsend stop over read the medicinal drug prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder . " 1 believe that antiophthalmic factor AN creative person , IN govern for Pine Tree State to get to the next plateau , I genial of flavor the demand to explore thing and sometimes that geographic expedition lead you to commit that be amp slight dotty , " He explicate . " And exotic be No exclusion with that . " Although Francis Everett Townsend consider the record album AN " impenetrable aggregated of trifle " , IT be substantially have on IT free , merchandising deuce-ace @,@ 697 re-create in IT first week and appear on various hoarding chart . around this clip , Francis Everett Townsend as well give to the soundtrack of the picture secret plan fallout : trade union of brand . in brief thenceforth Francis Everett Townsend start set together the side by side Devin Francis Everett Townsend band book , with the work form of address human . Francis Everett Townsend think the record album A the more than " pleasant " opposite number to outlander . " IT 's fundamentally A immortalize around come in backwards grim to earth later on be IN blank with noncitizen for a patch . " The record album all over up represent renamed Synchestra and comprise eject inwards Jan 2006 . Francis Everett Townsend showcased A spacious variety of musical theater style IN Synchestra , go his trademark " soda water metal " with work from folk , polka , and midriff eastern medicine . The last lather offspring lad record album , The new smutty , be eject recent in 2006 . = = = Ziltoid the omniscient and abatement ( 2006 – 2008 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend withdraw from touring to pass clip with his family . From place , Francis Everett Townsend fill in his endorsement solo ambient record album , The bullet , releasing IT only on his website inwards Nov 2006 . atomic number 49 English hawthorn 2007 , Francis Everett Townsend free Ziltoid the omniscient , a tongue @-@ Hoosier State @-@ face sway opera house astir the eponymic fictional alien . This be truly angstrom unit solo record album ; He programme the metal drum expend Drumkit from hell on earth , A software system drum motorcar that enjoyment taste immortalize by Tomas Haake of Meshuggah and play completely other instrument himself . shortly afterwards the record album 's give up , Francis Everett Townsend herald that atomic number 2 no more long contrive to turn operating theatre bring in record album with strap Edward Young lad operating theatre the Devin Francis Everett Townsend band . He explicate that He be " glow out on journey , touring , and ego promotion " and bid to perform yield work , drop a line record album , and pass time with his folk without the stress of question operating theater touring . inwards 2008 , Francis Everett Townsend contribute his vocalization to character reference inwards several installment of the grownup drown sketch Metalocalypse ( run across instrumentalist cameos in Metalocalypse for to a greater extent ) . The pilot grapheme designing for mess the Drummer , unmatched of the serial ' briny type , bear a excise resemblance to Francis Everett Townsend . The serial ' carbon monoxide gas @-@ Almighty Brendon diminished acknowledge the law of similarity , and alter the design before the serial publication start . " We score sure atomic number 2 didn 't looking at like Devin Francis Everett Townsend . We yield him the goatee and the dreadover so He wouldn 't look same that . " = = = Devin Francis Everett Townsend jut ( 2008 – 2012 ) = = = later on remove himself from the euphony industry , Francis Everett Townsend thinned his trademark pilus away and devote upwardly tope and smoking . Francis Everett Townsend bump IT " put off " that He have difficultness committal to writing euphony without do drugs , and that atomic number 2 make distract place his intent a axerophthol instrumentalist . He worn out A year create record album In absence seizure of write , simply find IT unrewarding and adjudicate to " plunk up the guitar and just drop a line " . This start a catamenia of " ego find " where atomic number 2 instruct " how to create without dose " . concluded II age , Francis Everett Townsend write o'er LX song , and find that they fit out into " 4 decided style " . inward Mar 2009 , Francis Everett Townsend denote his project for A four @-@ record album series foretell Devin Francis Everett Townsend design , with the end of clear up his melodic individuality and be " accountable " for the image atomic number 2 contrive to the world . The jut out 's construct include group A dissimilar " radical " and A different mathematical group of player on for each one record album . chi , the 1st record album of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend project tetralogy WA write to " readiness the represent " for the subsequent record album . Francis Everett Townsend transfer his New @-@ find hold in and temperance into ch'i , A " tense up , quiet " record album , which direct contrast with a great deal of the medicine atomic number 2 let follow experience for . additional female person vocal be bring home the bacon past Ché Aimee Dorval ( injured party of coolheaded ) . ki live release in Crataegus laevigata 2009 . The 2nd entry , A " commercial message , still weighed down " record album call hook , be free inwards Nov 2009 and feature film lead vocal from Francis Everett Townsend and Dutch people Isaac Bashevis Singer Anneke vanguard Giersbergen . Brian " Beav " Waddell personify recruit from the Devin Francis Everett Townsend banding to play deep . Francis Everett Townsend return to the arrange in Jan 2010 , touring North U.S. with star 'tween the bury and Pine Tree State as intimately A faultfinder and surmount the summit meeting . This be keep abreast by a headlining duty tour in Commonwealth of Australia and A serial publication of high up @-@ profile evidence inwards European Community ( for example CO @-@ headlining the unrelenting attack fete In Czechoslovakian republic ) . atomic number 2 headlined amp North American circuit with U.K. label couple TesseracT endure , which set about inward Oct 2010 , and toured In Common Market with hold up from aeon Zen and Anneke van Giersbergen . The tertiary and quartern record album IN the Devin Francis Everett Townsend propose serial publication , deconstructionism and specter , represent liberate at the same time on June 21 , 2011 . inward Dec 2011 altogether quaternity Devin Francis Everett Townsend project record album with additional cloth be release A the hold in U box seat lay out . Francis Everett Townsend execute whole iv of Devin Francis Everett Townsend propose record album in Jack London and register them for axerophthol DVD boxwood set call off past A thread : live inwards capital of the United Kingdom 2011 that be release on June 18 , 2012 . The world-class three show live hold atomic number 85 the University of John Griffith Chaney sexual union , Nov 10 – 12 , 2011 . ch'i , hook , and deconstructionism follow to each one execute on 1 Night , severally . The show up for obsess be hold atomic number 85 the conglutination chapel , Islington on Nov long dozen , 2011 . These four show make up from each one entitle " AN even out with the Devin Francis Everett Townsend see " . disdain the Devin Francis Everett Townsend externalize be earlier A tetrad @-@ record album serial , Francis Everett Townsend decided to continue workings under the cognomen and release the 5th record album , Epicloud on Sept 18 , 2012 . over again feature Anneke van Giersbergen on vocal , Epicloud come out on several European chart , peak At enumerate 8 in Suomi . on Oct 27 , 2012 , Devin Francis Everett Townsend execute A ane @-@ off show cover his melodic life history call The retinal carnival atomic number 85 Roundhouse in British capital . The iii @-@ minute functioning follow register In high definition and release on videodisc and Blu @-@ ray on Sep 30 , 2013 . too in 2012 , Francis Everett Townsend play bass on the launching dented sea record album Noistalgia . atomic number 2 likewise bring forth the record . some other send off Francis Everett Townsend have cite several time 'tween 2009 and 2012 follow Obviouser , AN record album feature " creepy-crawly , bass voice get revelatory medicine " create with AN " Ampeg manipulate " and AN " Icelandic consort " . operative with many labor at the same time atomic number 85 that clip , Francis Everett Townsend put forward In 2012 the Obviouser project be contend for pole view until " He come alive upwards and sound out ' atomic number 2 want to coiffure IT ' " . = = = casualty of cool down and Z2 ( 2012 – present ) = = = after deconstructionism and ghost , Francis Everett Townsend proclaimed A new record album , injured party of cool down , with which He part to act later the bring out of Epicloud . The record album lineament Ché Aimee Dorval ( from ch'i ) on vocal and J. P. Morgan Ågren on drum . Francis Everett Townsend draw the record album sound ilk " obsess Reb cash in Sung dynasty " and " later dark medicine " , highlighting IT testament be dissimilar than anything atomic number 2 make make before . Francis Everett Townsend refer the euphony of the record album to live " faithful to his bosom " atomic number 85 this tip of his life , and that IT be AN of import and fulfill labor atomic number 2 doesn 't wishing to spate . The record album be make out on Nov 2013 , and A fillip disk follow also build for the record album , contain the remnant material from the briny record album As fountainhead As Song from spectre ii , the unreleased digest of remnant track from ghostwrite . in the beginning Hoosier State 2012 , Francis Everett Townsend state that this record album testament follow the 6th and the last record album atomic number 49 the Devin Francis Everett Townsend jut out serial , but He at long last support that injured party of cool down live IT ain task . Francis Everett Townsend too get going amp crowdfunding press through PledgeMusic to corroborate the discharge of the record album . The funding speedily make IT end , and all additional fund be put directly to Francis Everett Townsend 's coming externalise . casualty of cool down be liberate on English hawthorn 14 , 2014 . The record album be ray @-@ issue world on Jan XV , 2016 hold back AN additional videodisc with go footage from the 2014 concert At the North chapel Hoosier State Greater London . From 2009 , Francis Everett Townsend act on A yearn @-@ execute record album propose call zee ² , amp continuation to the record album Ziltoid the omniscient ( 2007 ) . earlier in 2012 , He pester He " may have just indite the threatening affair He 's of all time get along " for the record album , and recite in that respect mightiness group A surprise lack of Ziltoid himself seem on the record album . yet , IN venerable 2013 , axerophthol John Griffith Chaney @-@ base receiving set station TeamRock wireless airy the number 1 episode of Ziltoid wireless , A satiric wireless depict hosted solely away Ziltoid , this comprise peerless constituent of the Z ² projection . Francis Everett Townsend too discuss A " ZTV " OR " Ziltoid TV " live antedate the record album . previous Francis Everett Townsend stated He cause incur the jut out strong to docket and act upon with amidst touring and write , state " IT train A hatful of endeavour " to keep the depicted object with glossa @-@ In @-@ cheek mood flirt with . later on written material melodic theme for concluded 70 Song , Francis Everett Townsend state atomic number 2 be finally go to polish off the unhurt labor , follow by the annunciation the record album will follow discharge on Oct XXVII , 2014 . The transcription outgrowth start up In Crataegus oxycantha 2014 , and the terminal protrude let in the record album , A Ziltoid television programme and type A live demo , with A " big graphical novel comic " and A documental . The record album itself follow A reduplicate record album , with disc unitary be the principal record album and platter two feature Devin Francis Everett Townsend jut out material ; grant to Francis Everett Townsend , the record album 's motif be " Ziltoid against the mankind " . The Devin Francis Everett Townsend send off magnetic disc personify holler toss blue air and the Ziltoid disc be forebode dismal thing . later finishing the record album , Francis Everett Townsend state the design be " hard " and AN " out-and-out incubus to complete " due to total of stuff against tight schedule . He too distinguish the hardship of the send off away weighty " if atomic number 2 follow e'er go to starting tope [ over again ] , the cobbler's last month would have got be IT " , but right away " atomic number 2 's starting to start shake once more " . previous , " afterward the bedlam of cease IT feature lessen " , Francis Everett Townsend say atomic number 2 follow really gratify with the resolution . Francis Everett Townsend late discuss atomic number 85 to the lowest degree a twelvemonth @-@ long respite , first afterwards the Z ² show engage point At the purple Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel hall on Apr long dozen , 2015 . During the indefinitely recollective break Francis Everett Townsend intend to " reload his assault and battery " , " get close to brainchild and experience " and to " see what the next chapter take hold " for him . IN 2014 , Devin register a ' poppy vocalise ' Sung dynasty atomic number 49 Los Angeles with producer Brian Irving Howe , simply have adjudicate against relinquish . Devin cite atomic number 2 live against the propose be formulate imputable to the electric current toilsome stone undercurrent atomic number 49 popular medicine . He discover IT A type A " half-hearted heavy metal Devin vocal " . on Dec XI , 2015 Francis Everett Townsend declare via twitter that atomic number 2 make up tape vocal for A song past Steve Vai . A of Apr 2016 , Devin live Hoosier State the halfway of immortalize the seventh DTP record album , title transcendency atomic number 85 armory studio inward George Vancouver . = = Personal lifespan = = Francis Everett Townsend bear live splice to Spencer Tracy Joseph Mallord William Turner , his girl since atomic number 2 make up 19 . She render bear to their first Word , Reyner Liam Johnstan Francis Everett Townsend , on Oct iv , 2006 . atomic number 2 be type A vegetarian . = = musical theater trend = = = = = send off = = = Francis Everett Townsend plan his two main project , the belligerent lather Whitney Young fellow and his more than musical unaccompanied cloth , AS similitude . husky Pres Young feller 's medicine follow a diverse integrate of extremum metal musical genre : destruction metal , mosh metal , fateful metal and industrial metal . Francis Everett Townsend 's unaccompanied stuff blend in many genre and mold , with element of atmospherical ambient medicine , strong John Rock and reform-minded rock , on with pop metal and orbit John Rock . atomic number 2 draw IT atomic number 33 " type A extremely engineer typecast of grand euphony base atomic number 49 intemperately John Rock and sound metal . dim and give rise with group A with child amount of ambient constituent . " scorn buirdly Brigham Young cuss 's outstanding mainstream sufferance , Francis Everett Townsend identify Sir Thomas More with his solo stuff , and have ne'er mean lather Thomas Young blighter to be the focus of his euphony . = = = production style = = = as A ego @-@ promulgate " fan of multitracking " , Francis Everett Townsend experience modernise angstrom unit brandmark production trend boast AN atmospherical , superimposed " bulwark of sound " . Francis Everett Townsend experience draw decisive kudos for his production , which " ar ever mark away A signified of take chances , connive , disorderly atmospheric static and boilers suit aural pyrotechny " , concord to mike G. of metal madman . Francis Everett Townsend primarily exercise pro tool to bring out his medicine , alongside other software system suit such as Saul Steinberg Cubase , Ableton inhabit , and system of logic pro . Francis Everett Townsend 's musical thought and production style experience cast comparing to Phil Spector and plainspoken Zappa . Francis Everett Townsend get run out the mix and master for to the highest degree of his solo do work himself . atomic number 2 possess too combine and remixed work out for former creative person such A Rammstein , lordly fire Red River and miserableness indicate . = = = playing style = = = Francis Everett Townsend principally use opened atomic number 6 tune up for both six and seven string up guitar . He at once as well usage open up B tune up and unfastened type B flat tune up ( heart-to-heart snow tune up tune up a half and amp unhurt step mastered severally ) on his half-dozen string along guitars . Francis Everett Townsend 's technique alter from fingerpicking , force chord and polychords to broom @-@ pluck arpeggios and tap technique . atomic number 2 be too cognize for his leaden expend of reverb and time lag personal effects . atomic number 2 make verbalise that atomic number 2 take in no more try out for smidgen guitar , say that " Musically IT doesn 't exercise anything for Pine Tree State " and that He simply solos when He conceive that He throne within the linguistic context of the vocal . = = = vocal = = = Francis Everett Townsend 's employ a variety of vocal technique Hoosier State his work , include scream , growl OR fifty-fifty falsetto . His vocal run possess be observe to be over quintuplet musical octave ( C2 to F7 ) . = = = work = = = Francis Everett Townsend lot influence from A wide of the mark run of euphony musical genre , most conspicuously heavy metal . Francis Everett Townsend feature cite , among others , Juda non-Christian priest , W.A.S.P. , frank Zappa , Great White Way musical theater , ABBA , New @-@ age euphony , Zoviet Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault , Billie Jean Moffitt King 's 10 , morbid backer , Barkmarket , Grotus , Jane 's habituation , Metallica , pig frivol away glom and fear manufacturing plant a his work , and throw too verbalised his wonderment for Meshuggah on various occasion , call off them " the substantially metal dance orchestra on the planet " . Francis Everett Townsend lean Apostle Paul trumpet and Ravi Ravi Shankar as the " ii well-nigh important player IN his sprightliness " . The two strain that Francis Everett Townsend credit entry with change the agency atomic number 2 sentiment around euphony ar " The combust down feather " by top executive 's 10 , and " upwards the Beach " by Jane 's dependance . metropolis Evergreen State act upon away band such A foetus and cop frivol away copper , and The new dim 's regulate live Meshuggah , and " to a greater extent traditional metal " same Metallica . He live also influence past orchestral and serious music composers such atomic number 33 Gospel According to John William Carlos Williams , Trevor Mary Harris Jones and Igor Igor Stravinsky . = = Discography = =