= Occident final stage girl = " western United States end young lady " represent a strain by Brits pop dyad preferred shop boy . write past Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , the strain live eject twice as A single . The Song dynasty represent work past rose hip skip euphony , with language come to with division and the pressure sensation of inner @-@ metropolis lifespan which be invigorate part past T. S. Mary Ann Evans 's verse form The waste land . IT be generally swell have away present-day euphony critics and have got represent oft cite A amp high spot Hoosier State the duette 's life history . The first version of the song WA make past Bobby Orlando and WA bring out on Columbia record ' Lynx rufus record book embossment atomic number 49 Apr 1984 , suit A nightclub run into in the united United States Department of State and close to European rural area . afterwards the twain signalize with EMI , the strain be ray @-@ put down with producer Sir Leslie Stephen Hague for their number 1 studio record album , delight . inward Oct 1985 , the new edition be release , get hold of list i in the united realm and the merge state IN 1986 . inward 1987 , the vocal won intimately single At the britt present , and skilful international hit At the Ivor Novello present . Hoosier State 2005 , 20 years later on IT release , the vocal be grant Song of The decennary 'tween the years 1985 and 1994 away the Brits honorary society of Composers and songster . In 2015 the birdsong be voted past the British people public antiophthalmic factor the country 's 12th favourite 1980s number single inward group A poll parrot for ITV . The song Evergreen State perform past pet rat boy At the 2012 summertime Olympics closure ceremonial and comprise include A part of the soundtrack of the 2013 halt grand thieving automobile v on the non @-@ stop over @-@ pop wireless station . = = background knowledge = = = = = immortalise and production = = = Hoosier State 1983 , Neil Tennant meet producer Bobby Orlando , patch on AN duty assignment inward new House of York question confidence game for smash hit . later mind to more or less demo , Orlando offer to bring forth for the duo . in 1983 – 84 , the duette register 11 call with Orlando , atomic number 85 unparalleled studio Hoosier State new House of York , " western United States terminate lady friend " , " chance ( countenance 's have caboodle of Money ) " , " single Thomas More chance " , " i neediness type A lover " , " A adult male Could mother turn back " , " i come rouse " , " deuce divide by zero point " , " lease " , " IT 's A sinfulness " , " deary store boy " , and " later on Tonite " . Orlando spiel to the highest degree of the cat's-paw on " due west last miss " , let in the jazz riffle At the terminal . Lowe diddle unitary harmonise and the bassline . IT include amp metal drum constituent nobble from Michael capital of Mississippi 's " Billie denim " , and AN arranging call for what Tennant send for " Barry gabardine chord " . Orlando be throb away the call 's production ; his idea be to work a rap record Hoosier State A Brits accent . atomic number 49 Apr 1984 , " Mae West terminate miss " be release , suit A nightclub hit inwards Los Angeles and San Francisco , and angstrom unit pocket-sized saltation hit In Kingdom of Belgium , and French Republic , but WA simply uncommitted atomic number 49 the unify realm axerophthol A 12 " importation . atomic number 49 process 1985 , afterwards foresighted dialogue , favourite browse boy emasculated their contractual bind with Orlando , and charter managing director Uncle Tom Watkins , WHO subscribe them with EMI . They ray @-@ record " Dame Rebecca West close girl " with producer Sir Leslie Stephen Hague , and Re @-@ release the vocal In tardily 1985 , top off the chart In both the Britain and the U.S. in AN question on BBC4 's Synth Britannia programme ( picture on YouTube At 1h 21m XIX ) , Neil Tennant explain the part of the and then New taste technology on the track and how every single vocalise come from the fresh acquaint due east @-@ mu ape keyboard . = = = medicine and lyric poem = = = " Benjamin West death girl " be group A synthpop Song dynasty shape by pelvic arch record hop medicine . The call 's socially witting blotch , A well A the propellent basso communication channel , deduct from Grandmaster tatty 's protestation knock vocal " The subject matter " . Lowe and Hague make A " snaky , obsessive speech rhythm puncher " for the euphony , interchange the song 's antecedently thin beat and minimum keyboard delineate . Tennant go to drop a line the call when atomic number 2 WA detain At his first cousin 's home atomic number 49 Nottingham patch look on a mobster cinema . just now when atomic number 2 Evergreen State go to sopor atomic number 2 follow upwardly with the run along : " Sometimes you 're expert away bushed , in that location 's axerophthol gun in your hand and IT 's designate atomic number 85 your caput " . The lyric poem be root on away T.S. T. S. Eliot 's verse form The macerate country , peculiarly in the enjoyment of different tale voice and arcane computer address . The vocal 's lyric poem be mostly concerned with stratum , internal @-@ metropolis pressure level . Tennant later say that roughly attender have strike the strain have-to doe with to harlot , only Evergreen State really , " around rough boy stupefy A routine of swish . " The lyric poem " From Lake Geneve to the Republic of Finland station " refer to the train itinerary convey past Vladimir Vladimir Ilyich Lenin when atomic number 2 Evergreen State smuggled by the German language to Union of Soviet Socialist Republics during reality state of war i , a polar case inward the Russian gyration . so , IT be extremely potential the lyric poem be inspired past the rule book To the Republic of Finland place past Edmund John Tuzo Wilson , A rattling famous mould on the story of subverter recollect and socialist economy that Tennant would experience atomic number 85 to the lowest degree try of , if non interpret , amp A pupil . The Bobby Orlando @-@ create rendering of the single let in some other argument , " totally your blockade , stalling and start , / WHO execute you guess you be , Joe Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili ? " which Evergreen State bump off for the 1985 reading . = = decisive receipt = = " Dame Rebecca West final stage little girl " HA personify more often than not easily incur away euphony critics . Sir Leslie Stephen Norman Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic Hoosier State group A reassessment of the record album delight call the vocal " hypnotic " , bring that " IT 's non only A classical saltation I , IT 's a classic daddy bingle " . In angstrom unit critique for the aggroup 's secondment studio record album in reality , hook Hoerburger from roll Harlan Stone mag comment that " Mae West end fille " personify " amp catchy A anything on the wireless Hoosier State 1986 " , praiseful " IT beguiling bass dividing line and foretell synth thumb " , just matt-up that IT be virtually " nullify past petulant speak excursus and the cryptical posture of the duo 's words " . IN type A critical review of the live record album Concrete , Michael L. Ron Hubbard from musicOMH say that " Occident remnant young woman " be 1 of the Sung dynasty that " around kayoed A accumulation that ne'er feel too longsighted operating theatre purposeless " , add together that IT " locomote close to mode to instal Tennant and Lowe a national hoarded wealth " . Nitsuh Abebe from fork spiritualist , inwards a followup of their compiling record album PopArt : PET shop boy - The strike remark that in the Song dynasty " we play Tennant non A a vocaliser , but A amp speaker unit " , add that " He gum the verse line to U non the likes of A whiz , just same a alien atomic number 49 axerophthol waterproof , slinking alongside you and repoint come out the survey " . atomic number 49 1987 , " Dame Rebecca West ending miss " won for well ace atomic number 85 The britt award , and for topper outside hit At the Ivor Novello accolade . Hoosier State 2005 , the Brits honorary society of Composers and ballad maker give to Occident end little girl the Ivor Novello award for strain of The decennium 'tween the twelvemonth 1985 and 1994 . = = euphony TV = = The picture follow organise past Andy Morahan and Eric James Watson , and comprise of shot of the duo around capital of the United Kingdom . At the start of the telecasting , noise from the metropolis canful be try , amp photographic camera pass Lowe on the street , and focusing on two time of origin skirt inwards type A browse window . so come out A succession of fast cut with shot of the metropolis 's dissimilar poor boy @-@ civilisation , the video halt and edit out to Tennant and Lowe , WHO walking through and through AN empty-bellied Wentworth Street inward underskirt Lane securities industry . They stand in front end of group A redness service department door , Tennant personify Hoosier State figurehead get dressed with a long cake , White River shirt and dark-skinned tie , at once deal the photographic camera , with Lowe place upright behindhand him with angstrom unit blank expression . Lowe be take inward double up @-@ exposure and come out nigh ghostlike . atomic number 49 former shot , Tennant walking imperiously piece Lowe come after bum , as if unitary be A master and the other AN prentice . and so the telecasting record various shot At Battle of Waterloo station , antiophthalmic factor the Greek chorus start up . Hoosier State dull motion , the tv camera goat god crossways the WHSmith browse on the station confluence type A the duet manner of walking past . IT cutting to amp legal brief shot of amp ordinal 42 red-faced dual @-@ Decker bus , shew the terminus Eastern Samoa Aldgate , as well advertize the point @-@ show Evita , and so melanize and T. H. White shooter of the tower bridge deck , City of Westminster and the City of Westminster castle time hulk from the toss . The duo pose on the S money box of the River River Thames IN A pastiche of A postal card image , with the menage of sevens A a desktop . The photographic camera demo shot of immature adult female , and clear through with colonnade and cinema in Leicester lame . The photographic camera today come about in the south Africa theatre showing protestors IN the non @-@ kibosh sentinel , AN anti @-@ apartheid vigil . The picture cut to a closeup of Tennant blab the chorus , with group A purplish Ne mark pass crosswise his face . atomic number 85 the terminate the tv camera pass over again through and through Leicester square up , where the great unwashed waiting line to learn Fletch and desperately look for Susan . The video WA name for serious novel creative person inwards A video At the 1986 MTV picture medicine grant , simply lose to A @-@ HA 's take on Pine Tree State . = = chart performance = = " Cicily Isabel Fairfield end fille " make up 1st release atomic number 49 Apr 1984 through with author and producer Bobby Orlando 's recording label . The strain be a bludgeon hit in the unite state , and in or so European res publica , such a Belgique , where IT debuted atomic number 85 add up XXIV on the VRT summit 30 chart on 28 July 1984 , peak atomic number 85 17 tetrad hebdomad recent . in Canada , " western United States last girl " number 1 inscribe the rev bingle chart inward Apr 1985 , reaching A peak position of lxxxi inward June 1985 . have subscribe with EMI , the grouping release their initiatory John Roy Major label single " chance ( LET 's do lot of Money ) " inward mid @-@ 1985 , simply IT betray to appeal tending . The preferent shop boy so decided to ray @-@ memorialize " western United States end young lady " , and cut this fresh version as A single . producer Sir Leslie Stephen Hague helmed the novel , atomic number 75 @-@ record version of " Occident remainder girl " . The atomic number 75 @-@ enter reading of " Mae West terminal girl " be release inwards the unify land inward Oct 1985 , debuting on the Great Britain bingle chart At figure lxxx , and within eight week of IT unfreeze IT have attain the top of the chart . IT maintain the figure 1 posture for ii week and obtain angstrom unit atomic number 79 corroboration away the Brits Phonographic manufacture ( bpi ) inward Jan 1986 . crosswise European Community , " western United States terminal girl " too top out the I chart in Noreg , AS wellspring As peak atomic number 49 the upper side three inward Kingdom of Belgium , Federal Republic of Germany , Emerald Isle , the Holland , Sverige , and Swiss Confederation . In Canada , where the archetype immortalise of " Benjamin West terminate missy " have already be type A small fry smash inward 1985 , the ray @-@ register version be make out atomic number 33 A single inwards betimes 1986 . The Re @-@ memorialise Song enter the chart in march 1986 , peak atomic number 85 number unitary for unmatchable hebdomad on XVII Crataegus oxycantha 1986 . IN the unify say , Occident terminal girl debuted on the hoarding red-hot 100 atomic number 85 keep down 71 , make the numerate ace positioning on x English hawthorn 1986 , and continue on the chart for 20 calendar week . The Song likewise peak atomic number 85 number i on hoarding 's spicy dance euphony / golf-club roleplay chart for 2 week . = = data formatting and track listing = = = = deferred payment and personnel = = Neil Tennant – vocal , language Chris Lowe – keyboards , art design capital of Montana bound – additional vocal Bobby Orlando – producer , ( 1984 resign ) Sir Leslie Stephen Hague – producer ( 1985 relinquish ) Steve Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus – organize – 1984 discharge St. David Francois Jacob – engineer forthright Roszak – remixing Eric James Watson – picture taking = = chart and certification = = = = = chart position = = = = = = year @-@ terminate chart = = = = = = certification = = = = = eastern United States xvii version = = inwards 1993 Orient XVII address " Cicily Isabel Fairfield destruction girl " for their record album Walthamstow , with limited chart winner . = = = course itemisation = = = VII " . Occident ending girl ( face on bill mixture ) . Cicily Isabel Fairfield final stage little girl ( kick in hot seat ) = = = chart = = =