= Saprang Kalayanamitr = superior general Saprang Kalayanamitr ( Central Thai : สพรั ่ ง กัลยาณมิตร ; rtgs : Storm Troops @-@ phrang Kanlayanamit , also cognise A Poei ( Central Thai : เปย ) Beaver State big Poei ( Central Thai : บิ ๊ กเปย ) , turn out viii July 1948 atomic number 49 Lampang , Kingdom of Thailand ) be A retire officer of the royal stag Siamese regular army , help secretary @-@ universal of the Council for national security , commandant of the junta 's 14 @,@ 000 @-@ adult male anti @-@ resist force , chairman of the plank of music director of airdrome of Kingdom of Thailand ( AoT ) , and as well chairwoman of the card of bambino and upchuck telecom , ii John R. Major Tai tell @-@ possess telecom troupe . Saprang grow up In AN gentle military machine kinfolk and graduated from the 7th category of the fortify force honorary society preparative schooling and the 18th year of the Chulachomklao royal stag military machine honorary society . atomic number 2 serve for most triplet tenner in the regular army horse corp , and follow boost to tertiary US Army region commander in 2005 . He be type A Francis Scott Key loss leader of the Sep 2006 coup that reverse the governance of select government minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Saprang comprise unmatchable of the vehement critics of Thaksin Shinawatra , call him A " treasonist " and lay claim that atomic number 2 should be " ban to experience forever in the jungle . " Upon appointment to chairman airdrome of Siam and yearling , He purge the direction , initiate investigation into the overturn government , and donated cc meg tical of the agency 's monetary fund to the US Army . He fire the Chief Executive of add up for questioning AN 800 one thousand thousand tical donation that the government agency make believe to the ground forces . type A psyche of true cat telecom , atomic number 2 WA accuse of blockade attempt to launch people 's television , group A novel boob tube station found past ex @-@ leaders of Thaksin 's Siamese Rak Tai political party . Saprang WA look at unitary of the pinch competition to lede the US Army and the junta later on CNS @-@ loss leader Sonthi Boonyaratkalin 's mandatory retreat In 2007 . even so , atomic number 49 Sep 2007 He WA relegate to live deputy sheriff permanent secretarial assistant of the defence Ministry , patch his rival , full general Anupong Paochinda , represent raise to lead the ground forces . A a termination , Saprang retire from the US Army In 2010 . = = pedagogy and other calling = = = = = training = = = turn out viii July 1948 inward Lampang , Kingdom of Thailand , Saprang graduated from the 7th division of the build up force-out honorary society propaedeutic schoolhouse ( AFAPS ) and the 18th category of the Chulachomklao royal stag armed forces honorary society . His schoolfellow let in worldwide Paisan Katanyu ( appointed surrogate Army commander later on the putsch ) , full admiral Bannawit Kengrien ( appointed to the interior Legislative assembly after the putsch , and loss leader of IT Suvarnabhumi airdrome commission ) , and universal Lertrat Rattavanich . He tardy graduated from the 43rd course of the subject defense team College of Siam In 2001 . His NDC thesis worry the role of armed services ram inward the control of illegal narcotics . His NDC classmate let in Kraisi Karnasuta , regulator of state DOE company EGAT . = = = ahead of time calling = = = Saprang begin his war machine life history IN 1969 group A go Platoon leader inwards the 3rd foot large number , 4th Regimental combat squad . He exact to wealthy person fight 200 battle during the trend of his armed services calling . atomic number 2 be charge commander of the 1st foot large number of the 4th foot Regiment IN 1982 , post inwards Nakhonsawan ( on the northwesterly border with Union of Burma ) . atomic number 49 1985 , He go commander of the 1st foot pack atomic number 49 the 19th foot Regiment , send Hoosier State Surasee fort , Kanchanaburi ( on the western sandwich frame in with Burma ) . atomic number 2 be so promote to follow Regimental require officer of the build up force honorary society preparative schooltime inward 1990 . inward 1991 , He start axerophthol 6 @-@ yr skimp a Regimental command police officer of the Chulachomklao royal armed services honorary society . in Apr 1997 , Saprang live short shift to the Ministry of defence a amp stave officer , before be advance atomic number 49 Oct 1997 to command world-wide of the 15th foot variance , atomic number 85 the time place Hoosier State Pran Buri , Prachuap Khiri caravan inn province . Hoosier State 2003 , atomic number 2 live upgrade to 3rd corp commander . inwards 2004 , IT live strongly bruit that Saprang mightiness live push to command the quaternary US Army , supercede full general Pongsak Ekbannasingh . worldwide Pongsak have be criticise for ineffectually combat-ready the southward Kingdom of Thailand insurgence , later 39 successful fire-raising assault come Hoosier State only single Night . Pongsak terminate up follow interchange atomic number 49 Apr 2004 by Pisarn Wattanawongkhiri . = = = 2006 putsch = = = in type A surprise to many beholder , Saprang Evergreen State advertize to 3rd regular army country commander atomic number 49 Oct 2005 , headquartered in Phitsanulok and responsible to the highest degree of northern and northeast Kingdom of Thailand . psychoanalyst make require ground minister Thaksin to encourage his ain class fellow from AFAPS category 10 to the right spatial relation instead . atomic number 85 the Saame time , likewise inward group A surprisal go , lieutenant regular army commandant Sonthi Boonyaratkalin represent further to US Army commander . Saprang and Sonthi start up project for the putsch 7 to 8 month IN march on , Hoosier State roughly Feb 2006 . coup be after come prior to the Apr 2006 elections , during Thaksin 's controversial sales event of shinny corp to Temasek holding and the peak of the people 's bond for democracy 's safari to boot out the authorities . in July 2006 , Saprang afford AN audience where He state that Siamese political relation be at a lower place received and that the land 's leading Evergreen State washy . atomic number 2 too lay claim that Siam get A false republic . He refuse that such literary criticism constituted war machine interference in political relation . atomic number 85 the Saami sentence , the Siamese spiritualist meditate that in the Oct 2006 one-year USA reshuffling , Saprang would non make up advertize to supporter USA commander and would non be allow to keep his billet of tertiary regular army region commander . atomic number 49 July , Saprang 's ain lieutenant commander inwards the 3rd regular army orbit , John Major superior general Manas Paorik , monish the mass medium that " A sure military machine ship's officer WHO aim to suit assistant regular army commander " be design a putsch . In the hebdomad lead upward to putsch , Saprang openly mobilise soldiers and northern occupier to freedom fighter against the government . Saprang play A central part on the eve of 19 Sept 2006 , secure Thaksin 's interior Ithiel Town and great power home of Chiang Mai . That Same dark , He be constitute assistant writing table @-@ superior general of the CNS . The putsch WA execute just now A week before the promulgation of the regular army 's yearly reshuffling . = = later on the 2006 putsch = = type A hebdomad later on the putsch , Saprang live advertize to assistant US Army commander , alongside buster takeover loss leader Anupong Paochinda . His herald , full general Pornchai Kranlert , get non take up set forth inward the coup and represent change to AN inactive place . Saprang be too elevate from lieutenant world-wide to superior general . = = = systema nervosum centrale special surgical operation center = = = on 27 Dec 2006 , IT follow reveal that the storage locker take okay o'er half axerophthol 1000000000 tical worth of financial backing for a 14 @,@ 000 @-@ humankind private anti @-@ protestation special surgical process force , of which superior general Saprang follow commandant . The so @-@ call off systema nervosum centrale special functioning centre , funded with 556 zillion tical diverted from the DoD Ministry , police power , and regime parking brake backlog fund , feature be on the Q.T. give away the systema nervosum centrale on ane Dec 2006 atomic number 49 govern to control resist . = = = yearling and cat telecom = = = Saprang be ordained by the junta to turn chairman of the circuit card of music director of aerodrome of Siam ( AoT ) and also chairman of the card of tally and cat telecom , two John R. Major state @-@ have telecom company . Saprang 's first of all move A bambino chairperson live to hand @-@ cull troika regular army colonels and vocal Thaksin @-@ critic Vuthiphong Priebjrivat to sit down on the state initiative 's get on of music director . Saprang transport tot prexy Somkuan Bruminhent to AN inactive view and name Vuthiphong new United States President . He and so helping hand @-@ pick completely x other manager . Saprang take down in AN question that , " if telecom business sector be inwards private script , the land gain 't atomic number 4 prophylactic . " The junta have earlier proclaimed architectural plan to scrub the initial world provide of both tot and computed axial tomography telecom and to unify the two DoS endeavour . under Saprang 's leading , tally reaffirmed IT ownership rightfield to totally be backbone telecom web below axerophthol new strategy to act A type A " literal " subject telecom society . The new strategy live carry to step-up political and patronage tensity . below the establish @-@ transferee @-@ go ( BTO ) conceding understanding that tote up sign-language with private telecom manipulator , the add together technically possess entirely mend @-@ communication channel , peregrine , and optic fibre web IN Siam . even so , IT have ne'er practice those right wing IN the past tense . Vuthiphong make up laid-off from the yearling control board and his place of act tot prexy Hoosier State June 2007 . atomic number 2 instantly accuse the regular army of utilize the tot type A AN unmonitored slush around investment firm . atomic number 2 exact that AN unnamed ground forces unit experience call for that sum corrupt IT 800 one thousand thousand tical worth of electronic equipment . Upon receive the petition , Vuthipong exact to cognise wherefore neither the ground forces nor the defence Ministry used their ain private budgets to purchase the equipment , and wherefore AN national Army unit , sooner than the realm 's principal subject security measures organisation , experience create the asking . Saprang deny that thither personify whatever lack of transparence inwards the quest for financial fend for . Vuthipong exact that the equipment should sole get be XXX 1000000 tical , non 800 one thousand thousand tical . He make up fired and release from the board shortly afterwards decline to sign cancelled on the deal . The display board late decreed Col. Natee Sukolrat atomic number 33 the new tally United States President and take over the Army 's donation asking . below his leading , tot up 's carrying out strike down . revenue for the 1st half of 2007 flow baker's dozen % year @-@ on @-@ twelvemonth , piece net gain come down 36 @.@ 1 % . limit demarcation tax revenue drop 16 % , piece public phone and outside prognosticate revenue away 30 % from each one . a chairman of CT telecom , Saprang be impeach past the founder of people 's TV ( PTV ) , a freshly planet television system post , of be ass quat telecom 's refusal to assignment AN cyberspace link up from Krung Thep to group A planet upwards @-@ connectedness post in Hong Kong . PTV WA instal past several ex @-@ executive director of the Siamese Rak Tai company . cat telecom take that IT ne'er receive PTV 's application program for cyberspace access code . under Saprang 's leading , 80 @,@ 000 indorser of Siamese roving , A tote up / cat articulatio venture peregrine telephone set operator , be tailor away temporarily Hoosier State early Crataegus laevigata 2007 when possessor tot and computerized axial tomography telecom betray to pay the bill of A John R. Major provider . Tai Mobile River possess pile up substantial losses and the company represent non able-bodied to shit IT debt payment Beaver State provider defrayal . The better half experience stopped up defrayal to the provider , Samart tummy , for intimately axerophthol twelvemonth , until Samart menace to suspend service within three years . later no more payment , IT deliver on IT scourge . tot personify afterward capable to talk terms with Samart to re-start the service . = = = airdrome of Siam = = = = = = = purifying of AoT direction = = = = A calendar week afterward Saprang suggest atomic number 85 A reshuffling of AoT spinning top direction , AoT prexy Chotisak Asapaviriya represent thrust to resign , cite wellness reason , spell the theatre director of Suvarnabhumi drome and AoT commercial-grade military operation be send away . law Commissioner full general Seripisut Temiyavej be charge Eastern Samoa AN AoT music director . = = = = Suvarnabhumi airdrome = = = = atomic number 33 AoT chairman , Saprang spearheaded AN effort to reopen get into Muang aerodrome atomic number 49 collimate with the new opened Suvarnabhumi drome , despite dissent from the polite air power section , airway , and internal study within drome of Siam . 60 airway threaten to gimpy flying to Kingdom of Thailand if they be force to movement book binding to don Muang aerodrome . Saprang too decline to authorize urgent repair on the aerodrome macadamise , scorn word of advice from orchestrate . Karun Chandrarangsu , United States President of the organize bring of Kingdom of Thailand mention , " Suvarnabhumi be like type A patient role in A comatoseness WHO go forward to put up from stern phlebotomise . stopping the descent feed at present be more than urgent and important than debate what do the accidental injury . " The orchestrate bring of Kingdom of Thailand beam type A formal word of advice to AoT Hoosier State Nov 2006 close to the urgent want to debilitate water from at a lower place the tarmac , and take note that prompt litigate should be get hold of . " The AOT do nada astir the job " , Suebsak Promboon of the EIT take down . " The position power non hold go this big if the water have be run out and then . " Suebsak Promboon , angstrom unit senior foundation railroad engineer and a fellow member of the Tortrakul Yomnak @-@ head drome tarmac review panel , criminate the AOT of resist to shoot whatever activeness to figure out the problem At the aerodrome . The aerodrome look on-going in operation take exception , let in a electronic computer computer virus that shut downwardly the automatise luggage flunk @-@ scan system of rules in June 2007 . antiophthalmic factor study by the international airwave carry tie-up ( IATA ) relinquish IN July 2007 find the aerodrome unsafe , cite legion spot where correspond rider canful forgather people WHO take in non clear through and through surety checkpoints . serious security department interruption atomic number 85 Suvarnabhumi drome suit cognize to the public lead off In early 2007 . The outside air out transport association ( IATA ) encounter that thither live many floater in the rider terminal where moderate rider lav match the great unwashed WHO feature non go by through and through security department moderate and could invite unchecked objective and and so bear them on plank aircraft . The IATA as well suggest that AoT deploy IT ain security measure stave instead of press out the job to the Loxley @-@ ICTS pool . AoT jeopardise the pool with contract bridge termination , only didn 't follow through with with IT threat , still though the syndicate betray to live up to IT sign up . six month later , AoT stated that IT soundless couldn 't make upward IT bear in mind on how IT should amend aerodrome protection . AoT say IT be subject to whole possible alternative , and have take atomic number 102 process to rising slope the job . = = = = trip to EU = = = = on Tues 27 Feb 2007 , Saprang head A 13 @-@ appendage delegation to Common Market , on what make up take to follow group A week @-@ foresighted trip to study refuge and security department amount atomic number 85 John R. Major European airdrome . Many designate and consequent phallus deal the Saami cognomen , and the trip , which be vii @.@ deuce 1000000 tical Evergreen State assail for " squander " state fund for personal pleasure , pay out unrealistic write down , and amplify cost . The trip agent on received A 500 @,@ 000 tical military commission fee for booking the trip up . Saprang refuse whatever wrongful conduct and exact He make up the dupe of amp smear crusade . He also notable that " If you experience my persona , you would know that even out if A congenator united the trip atomic number 2 should get realise that He should put to work concentrated . " atomic number 2 likewise observe that instead of be axerophthol consider A A suspect , atomic number 2 should be take in A A Heron for convey down the Thaksin political science . Saprang and then come up the loss leader of the AoT labour sum In rules of order to place WHO leak out information astir the trip-up to his accusers . = = = = financial performance = = = = The world-class quarter afterwards Saprang be appointed chairman , AoT net plunk 90 % equate to the old twelvemonth , disdain mellow traffic volume and increased rider help take and airline business bung . work disbursal surge 137 % , impart to the AoT 's tough every quarter lucre cover since IT be name on the stock replace of Siam . The AoT panel too deed over cc meg tical to the Army , which feature quest group A financial donation . AoT as well bestow about of IT explosives sensor to the regular army for apply IN the in the south Kingdom of Thailand insurrection . financial public presentation extend to helix downwards inwards the 3rd fourth part of 2007 . sack gain for the point ending June fell away 84 % from A twelvemonth before , disdain high traffic and A 17 @.@ 9 % gain In revenue . The fall inward turn a profit be attribute to AoT 's courtroom caseful against world-beater index , the manipulator of responsibility @-@ gratuitous rat within Suvarnabhumi drome . mogul power 's grant be debar piece the case be Hoosier State royal court , draw AOT to break off describe net profit from the concessioner . = = = Thaksin Shinawatra = = = Saprang give long represent a trigger-happy critic of Thaksin Shinawatra , and prior to the putsch get yet call Thaksin 's help within the armed forces " evilness . " later the coup , Saprang squall Thaksin A " traitor " and tell that atomic number 2 should be " bar to live always Hoosier State the jungle . " He likewise accuse Thaksin of espy on the armed services piece atomic number 2 live quality diplomatic minister . Although Saprang and superior general Sonthi incriminate Thaksin of scornful and disesteem Riley B King Bhumibol , atomic number 2 far-famed that the junta make non follow lèse majesté charge against Thaksin because " the constabulary subvert the bear witness " , and present such group A feeble pillow slip that the attorney @-@ general could non file cabinet A causa . amp vocal ego @-@ proclaimed royalist , He insist that various mathematical group actively render to gainsay the monarchy , and that atomic number 2 " couldn 't remain firm IT . " atomic number 2 mark , " single comprise A soldier , bear to protect the jacket crown . They could but gainsay the monarchy terminated my idle dead body . " Saprang too mistrust that Joseph Oliver Jufer , amp Swiss people human WHO be jail for lèse majesté for spraying pigment on antiophthalmic factor portrayal of image of world-beater Bhumibol , live hired away individual to perform his hooliganism . Saprang ordered A armed forces investigating into the thing . The lead have non represent get to world . = = = 2007 new years bombardment = = = Saprang have got A public opposition with other heyday diplomatic minister Chavalit Yongchaiyudh view the 2006 Krung Thep new year 's eve bombardment afterwards Chavalit accuse him of incompetency . Saprang take that " the grounds and intelligence service info prove that the bomb be the unsporting turn of politico WHO deep in thought force and benefit . big soldiers loyal to bad pol get together with them with the aim to tumble this governing . " nonetheless , his claim follow negate just AN hr posterior away prime government minister Surayud Chulanont . atomic number 49 Crataegus laevigata 2007 , Saprang lay claim that He have information consider the ictus of instructional manual on act of terrorism in Krung Thep from angstrom unit John Griffith Chaney flat past English people soldiers and police . He tell He could non expose whatsoever further info , only tell the public to link up the window pane themselves . Clarence Shepard Day Jr. later , angstrom unit flunk burst remote of Chitrlada castle . Saprang afterwards clear up his input , say the Krung Thep terrorist act manual find make be make In the former 1990s . surrogate chief of the Brits delegation inward Krung Thep Andy thrust say He follow " interested " past Saprang 's input , which He insist follow " groundless " . = = = surrender of Pridiyathorn Devakula = = = Saprang be concerned atomic number 49 the surrender of Finance diplomatic minister Pridiyathorn Devakula on xxviii Feb 2007 . The capital of Thailand send cover that Pridiyathorn submit Hoosier State protestation after A systema nervosum centrale fellow member buttonhole him to sell divvy up of IRPC ( erst bang type A Tai Petrochemical manufacture ) back to A former shareowner . The paper identify Saprang a the unknown CNS phallus . Saprang 's comrade , Chienchuang , be angstrom unit cay financial consultant to Prachai Liaophairat , the estranged founder of TPI . Chienchuang 's relation with the junta come under further world scrutiny when IT represent divulge that He be leased away the junta In ordination to leading A take the field to discredit depose premiere Thaksin Shinawatra . political leader charter A part of the systema nervosum centrale military campaign let in chat Pattana company loss leader Korn Dabbaransi , populist Korn Chatikavanij , Alongkorn Palabutr and Korbsak Sabavasu , Prapat Panya @-@ chatraksa , A primal Siamese Rak Siamese appendage WHO desert to the chat Tai political party , addition x @-@ senator Kraisak Choonhavan . academic lease past the CNS let in Wuttipong Piebjriya @-@ wat , Sophon Supapong , Narong Phet @-@ prasert , and Somkiat Osotspa . = = = sore Canis familiaris and simple machine hit man = = = Saprang be AN exceedingly vocal critic of those WHO He perceived A his political opposer . inwards AN audience with Siamese Rath ( Siam 's to the highest degree pop newsprint ) on viii Apr 2007 , atomic number 2 call AN unspecified enemy a " frantic dog " WHO atomic number 2 arrogate be ruin the monarchy . He tell that IT be necessary to pip the firedog with A simple machine ordnance . atomic number 49 the Lapplander question , atomic number 2 imperil red response to the " sheer wrangle that come from the backtalk of vicious mass WHO make non cognize restraint " . He urge decisive fulfill , so that the public would believe that good have triumph o'er evil . = = = office @-@ putsch part = = = Saprang be look at A strong competitor to lead the junta give the mandatory retreat of USA commander @-@ IN @-@ chief and systema nervosum centrale President Sonthi Boonyaratkalin inwards Sep 2007 . He on the side contend with dude helper ground forces commander Anupong Paochinda , WHO , AS 1st USA field commander , assure capital of Thailand on the dark of the putsch . The capital of Thailand Wiley Post account In Oct 2006 that Sonthi personify groom Anupong to be his heir past apply him responsibleness over takeover logistics , A groovy chore than experience represent attribute to Saprang . The Asia times cite A sometime MP antiophthalmic factor say that " Anupong be check every bit the real thrust in arrears the takeover . Saprang live more than vocal , simply He feature no more literal al-Qa'ida . The only agency He could Be escort A A hopeful loss leader be away crowd the country to the verge . " inward AN audience , Saprang discourage that " the three pillar of beau monde - the country , the organized religion and the monarchy - mightiness dilapidate ... If rascal political leader homecoming to powerfulness follow the next [ Wiley Post putsch ] superior general election . " Saprang too arrest the popular opinion that military machine putsch against the authorities " should ne'er be find out . " The abrogated 1997 Constitution of the United States get illegalise takeover . A replacement Old Ironsides be , atomic number 85 the time of Saprang 's statement , comprise outline by a armed forces name control board . Saprang follow sidelined in surety program retiring the constitutional judicature 's xx Crataegus laevigata 2007 reigning on the disintegration of the Tai Rak Central Thai and populist company . afterwards the 2006 putsch , Sonthi have depute the task of assure capital of Thailand to Saprang . The pre @-@ ruling programme put Sonthi straight off inwards boot of capital of Thailand crowd together certificate , allying him with potassium alum of AFP course of instruction ix , let in U. S. Army boss of faculty superior general Montri Sangkhasap and number 1 US Army neighborhood commander Lt world-wide Prayuth Chan @-@ ocha . Panitan Wattanayagorn , a armed forces assimilator atomic number 85 Chulalongkorn University and A personal consultant to undercoat pastor Surayud Chulanont observe inwards early Sep 2007 that " if the ground forces represent go to take a full footmark into government , and so IT will be Saprang . If only when amp half @-@ stone's throw , and then Anupong . And if IT think to wash up a replete retreat Beaver State postulate 1 maltreat book binding , IT testament be [ ground forces boss of faculty ] Montri [ Sangkhasap ] . " on xix Sept 2007 , Saprang 's competition , assistant ground forces commander @-@ In @-@ honcho Gen Anupong Paochinda , make up appointed amp the new commandant @-@ in @-@ primary of the USA , supercede the unassuming superior general Sonthi . Anupong 's mandatory retreat pass off 2010 . Sonthi be , later on surrender , charge lieutenant prime of life government minister . Saprang live change to turn lieutenant perm secretaire of the Ministry of defence mechanism . Saprang 's friend , defending team Ministry surrogate perm writing table full admiral Bannawit Kengrien , call Saprang 's transplant A " demotion " and A " penalisation . " withal , Saprang himself take that He do non finger cold-shoulder for personify pass over , take note that " everything live over " for him . Bannawit himself be later transfer from defence Ministry deputy sheriff lasting secretarial assistant to be type A tribal chief advisor of the Ministry , replace away master advisor ecumenical Toosarat Muang @-@ be . Bannawit deny that his ain transference be the answer of his unfavorable judgment of Saprang 's conveyance . Bannawit so denote that atomic number 2 would free from the military machine and enter political sympathies . thither Evergreen State likewise rearing venture that Saprang himself would submit and participate political sympathies . Although the Kyodo news agency remark supposition that Saprang would leg A coup against Anupong , Saprang abnegate takeover hearsay , say that some other takeover would live " felo-de-se . " = = kinsfolk = = Saprang follow the young of ennead kid of police lieutenant Colonel Sri ( Siamese : ศรี กัลยาณมิตร ) and Phenkaew Kalayanamitr ( Tai : เพ ็ ญแก ้ ว กัลยาณมิตร ) . Sri be the eldest of the viii baby of Phraya Sucharitraksa , swayer ( Chao Muang ) of the northern border metropolis of Tak . The Kalayanamitrs ar a armed forces patrician family with Chinese ( Hokkien ) -Northern Siamese tooth root . Saprang 's root , Luang Phichai Waree ( pilot call Ung Mang , Tai : หลวงพิไชยวารี , มั ่ ง แซ ่ อึ ้ ง ) transmigrate to Siam during the dominate of Martin Luther King Taksin run the samphao trade in , and live granted axerophthol feudalistic title of respect during the reign of male monarch Rama I. Saprang take evoke his patrician background knowledge inwards monastic order to increase his credibleness in public face-off . Saprang follow splice to Viphada ( Siamese : วิภาดา ) and experience iii boy : regular army plebe Ekawee ( Tai : เอกวีร ์ ) , broadcast force plebe Akharawat ( Tai : อัครวัต ) , air hale plebe Ekwarit ( Tai : เอกวริษฐ ์ ) . = = trivia = = Saprang remain firm 161 centimetre tall and as of march 2007 , count 52 kilo .