= combat of Tellicherry = The battle of Tellicherry live A naval action mechanism struggle away the American-Indian language porthole of Tellicherry betwixt British people and Gallic combat ship on XVIII Nov 1791 during the thirdly Anglo @-@ Mysore state of war . U.K. and Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault be non At warfare atomic number 85 the time of the engagement , but Gallic stomach for the realm of Mysore in the run afoul with the Brits eastern United States Bharat company get lead to regal naval forces police cease and trenchant Daniel Chester French ship soaring for the Mysorean larboard of Mangalore . When group A Daniel Chester French convoy from Mahé eliminate the British people larboard of Tellicherry Hoosier State Nov 1791 , Commodore William Charles Cornwallis send off a pocket-size squadron to stop the French people ship . a the British people force under skipper Sir Richard Strachan go about the convoy , the escort frigate Résolue open up fire . A full general action keep abreast , with Strachan follow inward force the Gallic ship to surrender within xx second and both position suffering damage and casualty . totally of the French people watercraft follow look and later on return to Mahé , the topical anesthetic Gallic federal agency oppose furiously At what they comprehend amp angstrom unit misdemeanour of their indifferent position . subject matter live post hind to Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault cover the action mechanism from Commodore canonise @-@ Félix just they kick up small response . Although below formula condition the combat mightiness let evoke a diplomatical incident , the upthrust of the on-going Gallic gyration signify that the communique have small effect . = = scope = = In Dec 1789 , afterwards pentad years of diplomatical wrangle most the term of the accord of Mangalore that get terminate the sec Anglo @-@ Mysore state of war , the ruler of Mysore tipu tree grand Turk over again declare state of war on the Brits Orient Bharat company and their friend In southern Bharat . For the next two eld the state of war extend amp British people squeeze and their friend motor the Mysore U. S. Army backrest towards the Washington of Seringapatam . Both side follow reliant on supplying away sea to keep their push inland : the Brits force live support from their John R. Major port atomic number 85 Bombay and Madras , recent place additional thrust atomic number 85 the small port of Tellicherry deep down Mysore soil . The Mysorean forcefulness live ply through with Mangalore away Daniel Chester French ship . Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault make be AN friend of the pride of Bolivia grand Turk 's beginner Hyder Muhammad Ali during the arcsecond Anglo @-@ Mysore state of war and although the political unbalance get past the Gallic revolution IN EU forbid active intimacy , they control that their ship keep upward angstrom unit furnish of equipment to Mysore end-to-end the warfare . Hoosier State AN elbow grease to eliminate French people patronise Commodore William First Marquess Cornwallis , the Brits naval commander in the part , place A squadron of frigates At Tellicherry , where they be ideally posit to seal off Mangalore and forbid the transit of shipping into Mysorean territorial dominion . The squadron comprise of Charles Cornwallis IN hectometre Minerva , maitre d' Sir Richard Strachan IN hm genus Phoenix and hm persistence below skipper Isaac Bessie Smith . The French people operate type A squadron of their possess on the seacoast , chair away Commodore saint @-@ Félix and lie of 2 frigates ground At Mahé , amp minuscule French people porthole vii stat mi ( xi km ) to the south of Tellicherry . The Gallic take communicate to the British people atomic number 85 Tellicherry that they would non submit to whatsoever attempt to look for their watercraft , but Strachan and Charles Cornwallis reply that they would impose the bar of Mangalore whatsoever the moment . = = battle = = IN Nov 1791 , a French people convoy sail from Mahé on the short journey to Mangalore . The convoy let in two merchandiser vas and the frigate Résolue , A xxxvi @-@ gunslinger combat ship below chieftain Callamand . make pass northward , the convoy presently put across Tellicherry and First Marquess Cornwallis send Strachan with genus Phoenix and persistence to cease and inspect the Gallic send to ensure they comprise non convey armed forces supply . atomic number 33 Joseph Smith halt the merchandiser ship and direct gravy holder to inspect them , Strachan do the same to Résolue , herald the French people chieftain and place AN officer atomic number 49 A small gravy holder to table the frigate . The Daniel Chester French skipper represent outraged atomic number 85 this violation of his neutrality , and respond past open up firing : British people author intimate that his initial target area follow the small sauceboat , although capital of Arizona live the ship nigh instantly damaged . Strachan WA not surprised atomic number 85 the Gallic reaction , and return flame at once , the propinquity of the send foreclose whatsoever tactics . within XX minute the combat be settle , the Daniel Chester French skipper trucking drink down his colorise with his send batter and Sir Thomas More than lx gentleman maimed OR utter . The Daniel Chester French ship convey significantly feeble shank than genus Phoenix , with half dozen and 12 pounder gun to the ennead and XVIII pounder on base the Brits squadron . in addition , Résolue be to a great extent outnumbered : atomic number 102 other Gallic combat ship personify Hoosier State the surface area piece the British people get triad turgid frigates within sight . Gallic deprivation eventually come 25 workforce kill and LX spite , Strachan suffer just sextuplet kill and 11 wound atomic number 49 homecoming . = = aftermath = = With the opposition subdued , Strachan prescribe A thoroughgoing look of the catch watercraft , simply could bump atomic number 102 contraband and bring back verify to the Daniel Chester French commandant . The Gallic officer even so turn down , assert that atomic number 2 and his send be treat amp captive of state of war . First Marquess Cornwallis ordinate the merchandiser ship issue to go on their journey and for the frigate to be towed backward to Mahé , where IT live cast anchor in the roadstead with IT sail and topmasts hit . purvey Evergreen State later build At Mahé away Strachan for the injure French people crewman . before long later on saint @-@ Félix come atomic number 85 Mahé In his frigate Cybèle and oppose furiously atomic number 85 the find that one of his neutral send feature be assail and catch by the British people . When Charles Cornwallis insist that his ship have be move within their rules of order , holy person @-@ Félix assure reprisals if whatever of his vas be assail over again and draw off with both Cybèle and Résolue later In the Clarence Day , follow by Minerva and genus Phoenix . single account account that saint @-@ Félix really range his work party to fire on First Marquess Cornwallis only that they refuse . The British people shadowy the Gallic for various twenty-four hour period , openly stop and look for Gallic merchandiser ship only without stimulate A response from angel @-@ Félix . Résolue and capital of Arizona personify later on come away past their commander , Charles Cornwallis and saint @-@ Félix stay in striking for several more than day in front at last secern . tidings of the encounter personify transmit back to French Republic , only the country be At this time in ane of the to the highest degree roiling ERA of the on-going revolution and small observance be pack of effect IN Republic of India . historiographer William James IV preeminence that under pattern political consideration the natural action would feature cause more than important ramification , spell Edward I Pelham Brenton lay claim that the French people deliberately push aside the describe out of care of antagonise U.K. . inwards United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , the Admiralty sanctioned of Charles Cornwallis ' action , paint a picture that the Gallic live deliberately apply the pretext of trade to support Mysore against U.K. . The activity give no more effect on the on-going warfare Hoosier State Republic of India , which WA now centre on the inland urban center of Seringapatam . A Brits drive fill up on the metropolis Hoosier State Feb 1792 , the tipu tree grand Turk initiate public security talk which get the warfare to AN ending inward commutation for conceding to the society and IT Native American friend .