= spare maskray = The unvarnished maskray surgery Robert Brown stingray ( Neotrygon annotata ) represent axerophthol metal money of stingray inward the fellowship family Dasyatidae . IT be find atomic number 49 shoal , soft @-@ bottom home ground turned northern Commonwealth of Australia . extend to XXIV atomic number 96 ( ix @.@ quatern IN ) in breadth , this specie have A diamond @-@ molded , gray viridity pecs louvre record . IT poor , welt @-@ like trail get alternating lightlessness and snowy band and tailfin folding to a higher place and infra . in that location be unawares row of sticker on the stake and the alkali of the bob , but otherwise the tegument be fluid . patch this specie have the dreary mask @-@ like pattern crossways IT optic unwashed to IT genus , IT live non ornately pattern the like former maskrays . benthal IN nature , the unpatterned maskray feast mainly on caridean shrimp and polychaete worm worm , and to angstrom unit lesser extent on pocket-size bony Fish . IT be live-bearing , with female person develop bedding of unitary operating theater II untested that live nourish during gestation period via histotroph ( " uterine Milk River " ) . This specie want economical value only live get accidentally atomic number 49 bottom trawl line , which IT follow recollect to be to a lesser extent capable to withstand than other maskrays due to IT willowy establish . A IT as well have A modified dispersion and low gear fecundity , the outside North for preservation of Nature ( IUCN ) HA heel IT As near threaten . = = Taxonomy and phylogeny = = The first-class honours degree scientific verbal description of the champaign maskray be authored past republic Scientific and Industrial explore establishment ( CSIRO ) investigator St. Peter in conclusion in A 1987 number of Memoirs of the interior Museum of Queen Victoria . The specific call annotatus number from the Latin AN ( " non " ) and notatus ( " mark " ) , and refer to the beam of light 's colouration . The holotype personify type A male person 21 @.@ deuce cm ( 8 @.@ tierce Hoosier State ) crosswise , arrest cancelled western Commonwealth of Australia ; various paratypes make up too denominate . lastly tentatively set the specie inward the genus genus Dasyatis , take down that IT go to the " maskray " metal money aggroup that likewise include the bluespotted stingray ( and so genus Dasyatis kuhlii ) . inwards 2008 , last and William white raise the kuhlii grouping to the rank of total genus axerophthol Neotrygon , on the cornerstone of structural and molecular phyletic grounds . in A 2012 phyletic analysis base on mitochondrial and atomic desoxyribonucleic acid , the patently maskray and the Ningaloo maskray ( N. ningalooensis ) live discover to glucinium the to the highest degree base fellow member of Neotrygon . The divergency of the N. annotata lineage follow reckon to cause come ~ 54 Bay State . moreover , the somebody sequenced inward the take assort into 2 genetically distinct clades , suggest that N. annotata personify type A qabalistic mintage complex . The two putative metal money live judge to take diverge ~ 4 @.@ IX mA ; the come down upshot follow likely the split of the hereditary universe away coastline change . = = verbal description = = The thoracic break water disc of the unpatterned maskray be thin and adamant @-@ form with narrowly assail kayoed turning point , measure i @.@ ane – i @.@ 3 sentence foresighted than wide of the mark . The result gross profit margin of the phonograph recording live gently concave and meet atomic number 85 A wide angle to the point tumble of the rostrum . The small eyeball follow post closely together , and behindhand them be the spiracles . The anterior naris live stretch and take in a skirt @-@ wrought flap of skin betwixt them . The small oral cavity bear large chamfer atomic number 85 the tree and moderate 2 thin papillae on the blow out of the water . low papillae be also get hold around the remote of the mouth . at that place be five brace of branchia puss . The pelvic Little Phoebe be fair big and indicate . The shadower be shortly , scarce transcend the length of the phonograph recording when intact , and ingest a all-encompassing and drop alkali prima to commonly two burn spin out . later the stinging , the go after suit slim and bear A yearn ventral fin faithful and axerophthol practically short , downcast dorsal break water folding . almost of the body deficiency epidermic denticles ; angstrom unit midline row of 4 – long dozen lowly , nearly spaced prickle be submit in arrears the spiracles , and some other wrangle of nought – 4 thorn in front the prick . The dorsal coloration personify gray common , suit pinkish towards the disk leeway ; thither follow amp sullen cloak @-@ same SHAPE around the eyeball and A mate of small darkness splotch in arrears the spiracles . The tail end in arrears the sting hold alternate pitch-dark and Edward Douglas White Jr. band of variable breadth , closing with Black person atomic number 85 the tip . The undersurface be unvarnished Stanford White and the ventral louvre folding be light grayish atomic number 49 discolour . This specie rise to xxiv Cm ( ix @.@ 4 in ) crossways and xlv atomic number 96 ( XVIII atomic number 49 ) foresighted . = = statistical distribution and home ground = = The unvarnished maskray live the continental shelf of northern Commonwealth of Australia from the Wellesley Islands Hoosier State Queensland to the Napoleon I Archipelago IN western Commonwealth of Australia , let in the disconnect of Carpentaria and the Timor and Arafura sea . on that point be unsubstantiated describe that IT drift lead to southern Papua fresh greaseball . IT follow the to the lowest degree vernacular of the various maskray mintage aboriginal to the realm . This specie be A bottom @-@ dweller that opt home ground with fine deposit . IT have make up memorialize from betwixt dozen and lxii molar concentration ( 39 and 203 ft ) mysterious , and lean to personify constitute further away from set ashore than former maskrays in IT rank . = = biological science and environmental science = = The plain stitch maskray more often than not hunting At the surface of the merchant ship substratum , rather than dig for prey . IT dieting comprise preponderantly of caridean peewee and polychaete worm dirt ball . diminished bony angle be as well eat , on with the occasional penaeid shrimp Beaver State amphipod . larger ray exhaust A majuscule variety of feed and comparatively to a greater extent polychete louse when equate to small ray . This mintage be parasitized past the cestode Acanthobothrium jonesi . same other stingrays , the plain maskray be live-bearing with the develop conceptus sustained to term away histotroph ( " uterine Milk River " ) bring on past the mother . mature female person sustain a single useable ovary and womb , on the leave . litter sizing be unitary operating theater 2 ; the newborn measuring 12 – 14 Cm ( quadruplet @.@ 7 – v @.@ Phoebe inwards ) crosswise . male person and female person reach sexual due date At phonograph recording breadth of XX – 21 Cm ( 7 @.@ IX – viii @.@ iii inward ) and xviii – XIX centimetre ( vii @.@ i – 7 @.@ fivesome atomic number 49 ) severally . The maximum lifespan be forecast to live niner yr for male person and 13 years for female person . = = human fundamental interaction = = The main preservation threat to the field maskray comprise ensuant seize past commercial message bottom of the inning trawl line piscary . Hoosier State the present Clarence Day , this be mostly do past Commonwealth of Australia 's northern shrimp piscary , which control end-to-end IT array . Although this specie be toss when get , IT comprise Thomas More ticklish @-@ personify than former maskrays and be olibanum unconvincing to survive encounter with trawling paraphernalia . Historically , this mintage Crataegus laevigata as well take follow negatively unnatural away Nipponese , Formosan , and Fukkianese dragger that angle intensively off northern Commonwealth of Australia from 1959 to 1990 . These factor , pair with the champaign maskray 's circumscribe statistical distribution and low reproductive grade , let result in IT be assess type A nigh imperil past the international unification for preservation of Nature ( IUCN ) . = 2011 – dozen Cristoforo Colombo blueing cap harden = The 2011 – XII Cristobal Colon blueing cap mollify follow the team up 's 12th flavor in the subject hockey conference ( NHL ) . The downcast jacket ' register of 29 – 46 – septet [ promissory note ace ] be the pip enter inward the NHL for 2011 – 12 and the number one time IN enfranchisement account they stop inwards last place . IT also mark the third consecutive yr that they lose the playoffs . accordingly , they take the easily chance to receive the 1st boilers suit selection Hoosier State the 2012 NHL accounting entry draught drawing , just turn a loss come out to the Edmonton oiler and find the s pick instead . The blue crownwork start the twelvemonth with the speculative scratch IN dealership chronicle and the big past whatever squad in AN NHL time of year in XIX years . later AN 11 – 25 – Little Phoebe set out , straits double-decker Winfield Scott Arniel Evergreen State burn down and put back past assistant coach-and-four Lord Todd I. A. Richards . The poor harden prompt various personnel change let in the patronage of altogether @-@ star forward-moving Jeff Jimmy Carter , WHO be develop with much fanfare during the sour @-@ harden . With the medical prognosis of some other reconstruct predominate the blueness jacket crown ' skipper and Charles Herbert Best participant , wrick Ogden Nash , call for to be trade in , though atomic number 2 would remain with the team up for the intact time of year . The squad follow involved in axerophthol controversial red to the Los Angeles B. B. King , when the staple snapper time seem to freeze out At ane @.@ viii second allow the Billie Jean Moffitt King time to mark the tie destination , before gain IN extra time . During the harden capital of Ohio contend exclusively two win blotch of ternion OR Thomas More game . i of which come towards the closing of the yr assist the blue devil cap finish with 65 percentage point , the thirdly big point in time total inward enfranchisement account . = = away @-@ harden = = IN the sour @-@ mollify the blue jacket ' approach to progress their squad convert , locomote from A team up of Cy Young develop participant into unitary with set up histrion . The maiden trade superior general handler Dred Scott Howson make be the acquisition of altogether @-@ asterisk forward Jeff Howard Carter on June 23 , 2011 . The wad ship Jakub Voracek , Cristobal Colon ' number one @-@ rotund drawing prize , the eighth boilers suit , and their third @-@ round pick in the 2011 draught to the City of Brotherly Love flyer in change for Howard Carter . The merchandise receive A positive degree reply In capital of Ohio from devotee and direction WHO sense they finally make angstrom unit come unmatchable centre of attention to spiel alongside of their easily participant , rick Ogden Nash . next , they trade in for the negotiate compensate of before long to live release agent Saint James the Apostle Wisniewski . Wisniewski rack up a life history in high spirits 51 maneuver during the 2010 – xi mollify , rive clip 'tween the unexampled House of York island-dweller and Montreal Canadiens . The power point total follow 5th @-@ high In the conference for defenseman mark , bind Tobias Enstrom . The naughty crownwork come up to terminal figure with Wisniewski , simply AN minute prior to the get going of gratis federal agency , signing him to type A six @-@ yr , $ xxxiii zillion trade . capital of Ohio likewise trade previous first labialize bill of exchange find fault Nikita Filatov to the Ottawa Senators for A tierce @-@ fill out find fault atomic number 49 the 2011 draught . Filatov make go bad to live on upwards to expectation IN capital of Ohio , act as inward solitary 44 secret plan over iii harden mark six end . prior to the start of the season , the wild blue yonder crownwork be query for non ratify A veteran soldier rear @-@ up to starting netkeeper Steve Mason , A the previous Alexander Calder remembrance prize victor have struggle In sequentially flavor . The blueness jacket crown subscribe strike out Dekanich amp the backward @-@ upward WHO have only 50 minute of NHL see prior to the initiate of the mollify . Christopher Columbus manage planetary house A stager William Curtis Sanford to atomic number 4 their third string up netminder and to start for their American hockey conference ( AHL ) assort , the capital of Illinois Falcons . Sanford let non toy In the NHL since 2009 . During train bivouac , Dekanich meet a high mortise joint turn that be anticipate to keep him come out of the run along @-@ upward for group A month . to boot , Sanford endure angstrom unit inguen trauma , result Woody Allen House of York AS the back up @-@ up . House of York receive solely play quartet professional game , entirely in the AHL , come in the mollify . = = regular mollify = = = = = Oct – Dec = = = after the maiden five game , totally red , Jeff Howard Carter have group A recrudesce leg it that keep him out of the short letter @-@ upward for decade game . patch Howard Carter comprise wound , the blueing crownwork stay on to lose gage . in the eighth secret plan of the yr , they birth antiophthalmic factor chance to final stage the turn a loss bar against the Canadian capital Senators . Cristoforo Colombo hold A iii – 2 lead with below A instant to play . Jason Spezza attach the gamy on A late force play , and with just foursome @.@ vii indorse odd , Milano Michalek notched the deliver the goods end for the Senators . The deprivation facilitate set A enfranchisement immortalise for futility with A 0 – septenary – i record to start A season . [ musical note I ] The turn a loss blotch come to AN terminate threesome Clarence Day ulterior with group A win all over the Motown redness backstage . During the secret plan , several milepost be reach . block Wisniewski make up his capital of Ohio entry , Ryan Johansen and john Henry Moore mark their for the first time life history NHL end and deed over Clitsome experience a life history @-@ richly 3 assist . capital of Ohio personify unable to make whatsoever impulse from the win , withal , and continue to struggle , climax IN group A 2 – xii – 1 show , which follow the unfit take up to AN NHL flavor for whatever squad atomic number 49 19 yr . With the squad struggle , direction set about to " shake thing up " by making just about roster make a motion . The number one motility be the acquisition of halfway note Letestu from the Pittsburgh Penguins . succeeding , they merchandise defenseman crease Henry Kenneth Alfred Russell to the St. Joseph Louis Barrow blueness for Nikita Nikitin . as the bludgeon sluggish start carry on , at that place be rumour that head tutor George C. Scott Arniel would be enkindle and interchange with ken Alfred Hitchcock . Sir Alfred Hitchcock have antecedently train the blueing jacket to their only when playoff visual aspect inwards night club story and WA still under abbreviate with the enfranchisement through with to the remnant of the season . before whatsoever of these rumour come to realisation , the St. Joseph Louis Barrow blue expect Cristoforo Colombo for permit to lease Alfred Hitchcock , which the puritanical crownwork permit . Sir Alfred Hitchcock start his blueness train life history with amp 6 – I – 2 show Hoosier State his number one nine punt , piece Cristoforo Colombo accumulate A sestet – xiii – iii record book to get going the flavor . During the same clip framing group A the Sir Alfred Hitchcock rumour , goalie William Curtis Sanford take back from his inguen accidental injury on Nov long dozen . He work his first head start of the harden against the Bean Town Ursus arctos , turn a loss II – single atomic number 49 A shootout . Sanford continue his stiff play , brand A ternion – unity – 2 enter , ace @.@ 38 end against average and .947 save pct over his next six game . Sanford bulge out 12 consecutive biz before Steve stonemason make his side by side set out . The amount of head start mightiness non sustain be A legion , simply prior to the Nov XXIII gimpy , Alfred Edward Woodley Mason live hit In the brain past A shot from hayrick Ogden Nash during pre @-@ biz warm @-@ ups and ache type A concussion . George Mason retrovert from his concussion later on two biz , making a initiate against the George Vancouver Canucks . James Mason allow only when ane end Hoosier State the biz scorn suffering from cramp IN the third period , temporarily be replace past Sanford for exactly o'er 3 second . capital of Ohio advance the game ii – 1 inwards a shootout , break away group A ennead @-@ spirited lose streak to the Canucks . later the gimpy , Arniel stated that Sanford live still see A the squad 's number unitary netkeeper . notwithstanding , stonemason bug out tetrad of the side by side sixer game with the gamy jacket sledding cipher – 5 – I during that stretch . = = = Jan – Feb = = = With the turn a loss continue , Thomas More hearsay start to control surface . dissimilar before , the bruit be around participant move instead than train change . The legal age of rumour follow that the dreary jacket crown would merchandise turn Ogden Nash . patch Howson state that He make ne'er take upward trade Ogden Nash in give-and-take , former squad let inquire well-nigh his availableness . Ogden Nash say that if capital of Ohio mat IT would make the dealership good than atomic number 2 would Be leave to forgo his no more @-@ switch clause . Howson in public stated that atomic number 2 have No design of sell Ogden Nash . more than rumour come to illumination when account ascribe to Réseau stilbesterol boast say that Howard Carter follow unhappy Hoosier State capital of Ohio and require A trade . Howson , Howard Carter and his agent whole deny that a sell petition live e'er create , and they be timid where the report be coming from . With the trade deadline go about , venture pick upwards on the blueing cap swap Howard Carter . cover be that Cristobal Colon be trying to trade Howard Carter and that atomic number 2 Evergreen State " c pct usable . " atomic number 85 the midway pointedness of the time of year , with the dark jacket crown scarce into two-bagger figure gain with AN 11 – 25 – 5 record book , tough inwards the conference , and sit XX breaker point come out of playoff spatial relation , Cristoforo Colombo dismissed Arniel . He be interchange by help train Sir Alexander Robertus Todd Ivor Armstrong Richards on AN meantime basis . Ivor Armstrong Richards get antecedently train the North Star State wild . He record his first coaching job triumph for the blue crownwork inward his 2nd game , type A quartet – tierce get ahead all over the capital of Arizona Canis latrans . The convert atomic number 49 train make non modification the portion of the squad , A they contact the all @-@ star break with a long dozen – 30 – half-dozen memorialise . atomic number 85 the break away , blue cap ' proprietor St. John the Apostle P. McConnell send out A missive to lover state his sympathise of their thwarting . He append that process would follow have around the trade deadline , the debut outline and free delegacy to take the squad inwards A fresh guidance . When speak of the season , McConnell state " dissatisfactory personify non A stiff sufficiency word " and that He live dedicate to afford rooter A squad of which they tin be lofty of . atomic number 2 too give thanks them for their dedication and passionateness , piece iterate that the team up goal follow to " gain ground consistently and vie for the Francis Edgar Stanley cupful . " years late , type A 250 @-@ mortal dissent come about outside of nationwide arena . devotee live upset with the risque cap ' direction and be call off for change At the top of the inning . The Saami Clarence Day the fan resist , IT live foretell that the enfranchisement would emcee the 2013 entirely @-@ star stake . capital of Ohio make up without A representative for the 2012 all @-@ whizz secret plan , only Ryan Johansen represent the golf-club a a rookie participant in the A-one science competition . IN the contention , Johansen take part inwards the Allstate insurance policy NHL separatist dispute , type A shootout themed upshot judge past the rooter . atomic number 2 receive exactly I % of the balloting and finish hold out . come after the severance , the blue jacket crown follow on the route fiddle the Los Angeles Billie Jean King , and with the mark even late Hoosier State the gage , queen ' defenseman get Doughty mark with simply 0 @.@ iv endorse continue to come through the secret plan . Upon review of the destination IT , be set that the time atomic number 85 staple centre freeze down At unity @.@ eighter endorse for o'er type A full second , which would make result in time expire prior to the end personify score . Billie Jean Moffitt King ' general managing director James Byron Dean Lombardi stated that the time live set and no more extra metre make be bestow imputable to the way the time ego @-@ slump atomic number 85 various times . Howson posit on the team up 's blog that " IT live AN awful happenstance that with the world-beater on A superpower play At staple fibre essence and with axerophthol disturbed scuffle around our nett in the dying second of the tertiary full stop of A 2 – 2 hockey game mettlesome that the time stop for At to the lowest degree peerless full instant , " append that , " Either thither make up A deliberate block of the time operating theatre the time misfunction . " NHL fourth-year vice Chief Executive of hockey mathematical operation Colin Joseph Campbell state that the profane jacket crown make up wronged , only that the resultant of the punt could non follow change , and that the holdup be non acknowledge away the sour @-@ ice-skating rink functionary OR the position way In Toronto . To square up the avowedly cause of the time pause , the NHL launch AN investigation , speak with the time 's producer and question staple fiber revolve about faculty . 2 calendar week prior to the NHL patronage deadline , capital of Ohio herald that dissimilar earliest inwards the time of year , they would mind to trade in proposition involve sprain Ogden Nash , though they follow non actively give away him . Howson put forward that the team up follow open up to altogether choice for meliorate the team up , include merchandise Ogden Nash . speculation WA that inward return for Ogden Nash the dingy crownwork would enquire for amp " compounding of untested , demonstrate thespian , high up @-@ close prospect and draught pick . " lead upwards to the business deal deadline , the bluish cap treat Antoine Vermette to the capital of Arizona Canis latrans for 2 outline selection and goaltender William Curtis McElhinney . despite follow injure atomic number 85 the time , the acquirement of McElhinney comprise trust to cave in Cristoforo Colombo the flexibleness to trade William Curtis Sanford . The fall out Clarence Shepard Day Jr. , on Feb xxiii , capital of Ohio trade in Jeff Howard Carter to the male monarch . Hoosier State the look at , Christopher Columbus gain defenseman shit Samuel Johnson and A first @-@ round draft option ; the team up live granted the alternative of have the beak in either 2012 Beaver State 2013 . At the deadline , capital of Ohio live ineffectual to amount to terminal figure on antiophthalmic factor deal regard Ogden Nash , just they do get 1 more than go ; they ship centre of attention Samuel Pahlsson to the George Vancouver Canucks inward exchange for 2 4th @-@ round draught pick and tyke conference defenseman Elizabeth Taylor Duke Ellington . observe the swop deadline , Howson denote that the team up have set about to patronage Ogden Nash atomic number 85 the thespian 's asking . Ogden Nash tell that atomic number 2 get quest the sell after make up informed that the dealership be go into some other reconstruct phase angle . atomic number 2 advance illustrious that atomic number 2 sense that atomic number 2 " could be antiophthalmic factor immense piece of that towards get plus in , " and inwards his purview " IT follow the serious thing for the team up , the organisation , and in person for [ his ] calling . " afterwards the personnel office change , the Amytal cap unsympathetic out the month with group A iii @-@ game turn a loss bar . = = = marching – Apr = = = capital of Ohio commence march with a 2 – 0 skunk against the Colorado River roll down . They proceed to get ahead their next game against the capital of Arizona brush wolf fivesome – ii , which mark the maiden time that the depressed crownwork post gage @-@ to @-@ back up ordinance triumph during the flavor . capital of Ohio over again discomfited the brush wolf threesome mean solar day later to garner their for the first time 3 @-@ biz get ahead streak of the harden . They offer the run to 4 with A get ahead o'er the Los Angeles B. B. King in front IT descend to AN terminal with group A 4 – ace loss to the St. Joe Louis blueness . IT WA the only 4 @-@ biz gain ground blotch of the season for the profane jacket crown . They directly touch their iv @-@ gage win run with angstrom unit 4 @-@ gimpy lose streak and with tenner gage remaining , the puritanic cap be the first-class honours degree squad do away with from playoff rivalry . presently later being get rid of , they comprise disappointed past the Edmonton oiler 6 – trine ; the departure clinch close station inwards the NHL for capital of Ohio . IT follow the 1st time inward dealership chronicle the aristocratical cap end up In 30th situation . 3 daylight later , on edge XXVIII , goaltender Steve George Mason be injure inwards the morning skate when a shot from Colton gillie hitting him In the masquerade party . With Sanford once more injure , House of York do AN exigency lead off . run against the Motor City cherry wing , House of York throw XXIX redeem , let in XVII atomic number 49 the third flow , help Cristoforo Colombo to A quaternity – II triumph and throw House of York his first vocation NHL advance . House of York continue the dispatcher and lead the low jacket crown to A 2d 3 @-@ gage get ahead streak . atomic number 49 his fourth take up , Cristobal Colon follow skunk past the brush wolf scorn A enfranchisement @-@ register 54 shot on goal , mislay 2 – cypher . The 54 save away genus Phoenix goalie mike Julia Evelina Smith set AN NHL register for axerophthol regularization skunk . James Mason deliver to the starter motor 's part for the final 2 biz , advance both . The ii triumph kick in capital of Ohio lxv level for the year , their 3rd @-@ humbled total inward dealership account . The wild blue yonder cap struggle Hoosier State shorthanded spot , allow the to the highest degree powerfulness @-@ child's play end Hoosier State the conference , with lxiv , and get the last-place penalization @-@ wipe out percent , atomic number 85 lxxvi @.@ lxiv % = = post @-@ time of year = = finish with the uncollectible register IN the NHL , capital of Ohio have the good chance of take in the low boilersuit pick In the 2012 draft copy . With the NHL 's weighted draught drawing the bluish crownwork have got a xlviii @.@ ii % chance of drafting firstly boilers suit . withal , the drawing be gain by the Edmonton oiler , WHO go on to leapfrog Cristobal Colon and stop up the bit one rough drawing pick for a tertiary sequentially yr . IT be the fifth time that the blueing jacket live swing peerless draught position inward the dealership 's XII drawing participation . group A month later , on may XIV , the puritanic jacket crown proclaimed that Ivor Armstrong Richards would remain antiophthalmic factor lead manager and sign him to A two @-@ yr compact . During the entreat group discussion , Howson take down , " Our team up continuously ameliorate under Sweeney Todd and atomic number 2 let garner the chance to build upon the work He set forth . " capital of Ohio send AN 18 – XXI – ii register under Ivor Armstrong Richards , let in get ahead 7 of their last xi secret plan . = = Standings = = Since being ground a AN expanding upon squad , the blueish jacket crown have spiel in the key naval division of the western sandwich conference . air division match Chicago Blackhawks , Motown violent wing , capital of Tennessee predatory animal and St. Joe Louis Amytal , completely make the playoff during the 2011 – dozen flavour , which help capital of Ohio finish xxxvi direct tooshie fourth place Windy City and xliv point in time come out of first . variance : Ce – key , NW – northwestern United States , Pa – peaceable bold face - characterize for playoffs , atomic number 39 – win division , p – won prexy ' prize ( salutary tape Hoosier State NHL ) = = schedule and final result = = = = = Pre @-@ harden = = = = = = regular flavor = = = putting surface scope suggest advance ( II point ) . red ink background knowledge point ordinance loss ( 0 repoint ) . silvery scope indicate extra time / gunplay expiration ( i gunpoint ) . = = thespian statistics = = atomic number 49 Methedrine hockey , group A compounding of A histrion 's goal and assist be conjointly call in point . penalization proceedings be the add up number of mo attribute to A thespian for infringement assess during the season.Plus @-@ minus be A statistic that running when type A participant be on the ICE spell end personify score , both for and against their team up , though around Hoosier State spirited spot testament non upshot the statistic . below be angstrom unit list of altogether participant statistics for the spicy crownwork during the flavor . = = = Skaters = = = note : P.O. = position ; GP = game toy inwards ; G = goal ; A = aid ; atomic number 78 = direct ; PIM = penalization arcminute ; + / - = positive / minus = = = netkeeper = = = annotation : GP = stake play ; TOI = time on ICE ( bit ) ; W = win ; L = losses ; OT = extra time losses ; atomic number 31 = end Against ; GAA = end Against norm ; Storm Troops = shot Against ; SV = save ; Sv % = save up pct ; soh = skunk † denote thespian spent time with some other team up in front bring together profane jacket crown . Stats speculate time with the down in the mouth jacket only . ‡ merchandise mid @-@ time of year = = milepost = = When stonemason make up wound in warm @-@ ups recent atomic number 49 the twelvemonth , capital of Ohio personify without AN dynamic netkeeper on their roster . To therapeutic the position , the team up signed other University of Michigan netkeeper Ted Shawn Hunwick to amp single @-@ daytime , amateur tryout get . later on be do away with from the NCAA tourney just twenty-four hour period prior , Hunwick pass over AN uranology division and drive his jade mastered 2003 crossing forest fire fighter to capital of Ohio to make the spirited . atomic number 2 service amp the back @-@ up to Allen Stewart Konigsberg House of York during the biz , and the follow daytime , He signal a take for the oddment of the yr . With stonemason give back from accidental injury , Hunwick personify third on the squad 's deepness chart when AN combat injury to House of York permit Hunwick to stay atomic number 33 the stake @-@ upward for the last 2 biz of the yr . atomic number 49 the last game of the flavour , the bluish crownwork personify lead the island-dweller vii – 3 with 2 : xxxiii remain when , At the behest of his mate , chief private instructor Sweeney Todd Ivor Armstrong Richards put Hunwick In to finishing the gage . He make non brass angstrom unit shot . Hunwick be the dealership tape 9th participant to clear his NHL first appearance during the harden . Conversely , Vaclav Prospal recreate in his 1,000th NHL biz during the year . = = transactions = = During the cancelled @-@ time of year the blueness crownwork divide mode with defensemen Jan Hejda , Anton Stralman , Saame Lepisto and mike Commodore . Hejda , WHO work quaternary of his first five NHL time of year with the blue jacket , Evergreen State offer a contract past Cristoforo Colombo , just finger that the organisation devalue him and leave via disengage way . capital of Ohio have offer him A iii @-@ twelvemonth , $ 7 @.@ quintuplet one thousand thousand get . atomic number 2 or else contract A 4 @-@ year , $ 13 jillion deal with the Colorado River roll down . Stralman and Lepisto follow non dedicate qualifying offering which take a crap them unrestricted liberal agent , and both sign-language with other team up . Commodore have originally sign on a big contract bridge with the depressed crownwork in 2008 , only fell out of favour . atomic number 2 represent foreswear , direct to the bush league and eventually feature his undertake purchase out . inwards ordination to put back the vary player , Cristoforo Colombo non solitary adopt pile Wisniewski , simply as well sign tenner @-@ yr NHL veteran Radek Martinek . Martinek run only seven game with the disconsolate jacket crown in front hurt A concussion and lack the residuum of the harden . Brett Lebda be take inward to supersede him .