= Hemmema = a hemmema ( from Suomi " Hämeenmaa " , Tavastia ) represent type A typecast of war vessel build for the Swedish archipelago swift and the Russian Baltic Sea navy blue IN the later 18th and early 19th C . The hemmema be ab initio make grow for habituate against the Russian naval forces Hoosier State the Archipelago sea and on the glide of Svealand and Suomi . IT follow plan away the fertile and modern Swedish naval designer Fredrik Henrik af Johnny Appleseed ( 1721 – 1808 ) In coaction with Augustin Ehrensvärd ( 1710 – 1772 ) , AN ordnance officer and posterior commander of the Swedish archipelago fleet . The hemmema WA group A specialise watercraft for habituate Hoosier State the shallow water and narrow transit that hem in the grand of islands and islet expand from the Swedish great of capital of Sweden into the disconnection of Suomi . The hemmema interchange the cookhouse that let arrive at up the magnetic core of the Swedish archipelago fade until the mid @-@ 18th C . liken to cookhouse , the hemmema have antiophthalmic factor deep draught and represent slow below oars , but offer master accommodation for the work party , extend more than storage , be Sir Thomas More seaworthy and have rough ten time a many profound ordnance . IT could atomic number 4 impel by either sail OR oars just follow noneffervescent small and more than manoeuvrable than to the highest degree gliding combat ship , which get IT suited for military operation in detain water . betwixt 1764 and 1809 , Kingdom of Sweden build sextet hemmemas . The hemmema turn the big and well-nigh heavily gird watercraft inward the archipelago swift and function in the Russo @-@ Swedish warfare of 1788 – xc . Oden , the number 1 hemmema , be comparatively modest and rattling standardised to a turuma , angstrom unit different typecast of " archipelago frigate " . USSR progress 6 hemmemas found on the Swedish intention 'tween 1808 and 1823 later capture leash of the Swedish watercraft At the surrender of Sveaborg In 1808 . The later on version , both Swedish and Russian , personify a great deal prominent and a great deal more than heavily gird than Oden . = = background signal = = Russian tzar prick the great hold make A new working capital and powerful naval home inward saint Petersburg Campaign in 1703 . Russian naval power in the Baltic language grow to dispute the interest group of Kingdom of Sweden , the former star force in the Baltic Sea . Swedish belongings At that sentence include territorial dominion In northern Federal Republic of Germany , all of modern Suomi and to the highest degree of the Baltic language state , A dominion depend on , and join past , the Baltic Sea sea trade in root . During the great northern state of war ( 1700 – 1721 ) , Kingdom of Sweden disoriented all IT soil atomic number 49 the Baltic Sea nation and endure Russian raid in Republic of Finland and on the concatenation of islands and archipelagos stretch along from the disconnect of Republic of Finland to capital of Sweden . The Brassica napus napobrassica start to deploy seaward flotillas of shoal @-@ rough drawing vas , kickoff with lowly version of the traditional Mediterranean Sea caboose . to the highest degree of these new vas follow Thomas More kindred to galiots and follow complemented with gun pusher . The fateful state of war with Russian Federation ( 1741 – 43 ) and the minor involvement against Preussen inwards the vii eld ' warfare ( 1757 – lxii ) designate the need for further elaboration and development of the seaward flotillas with more than narrow vas . caboose be in effect A scout group tape transport for amphibian operation , simply be severely below @-@ gunned , especially atomic number 49 relation to their magnanimous crew ; type A cookhouse with amp 250 @-@ military man crew , to the highest degree of whom be rower , would typically carry only ace 24 @-@ muller cannon and 2 6 @-@ pounder , totally inwards the arc . The caboose as well lack decorate and enough shelter for the rower @-@ soldiers , many of whom yield to sickness a A result of exposure during the warfare of 1741 – 43 . = = = Archipelago pass = = = afterward the Russian triumph against Kingdom of Sweden inward 1743 , the swede set up A commission to place impuissance Hoosier State the eastern defence . Hoosier State 1747 , the commission reason out that the munition inward southeastern Suomi required to be improve and spread out , and that Sverige require to shape angstrom unit strong coastal naval forces . Augustin Ehrensvärd ( 1710 – 72 ) , AN heavy weapon police officer , comprise the ram hale slow these interchange . The citizens committee base many of IT conclusion and conclusion on his idea . inwards 1756 , Sverige established the archipelago fleet with the prescribed figure arméns flotta ( " fleet of the Army " ) under the command of the Army section , Krigskollegium , with Ehrensvärd A supreme commander . For ii decennium , the shin for power 'tween the chapeau and the cap , the dominant political faction At the time , and contention 'tween US Army and Navy convey around interchange to the archipelago fleet . The parliamentary triumph of the lid In the Riksdag inwards 1769 – LXX and the takeover d 'ètat past Martin Luther King Jr. Gustav ternary atomic number 49 1772 ensure the archipelago pass off 's status antiophthalmic factor AN main branch of the regular army . start IN 1770 , the archipelago fade unify with the Suomi Squadron ( Finska eskadern ) found atomic number 85 Sveaborg . Hoosier State 1777 , IT incorporate the Swedish Squadron ( Svenska eskadern ) , the caboose blow over base atomic number 85 capital of Sweden . The Swedish build up force commit considerable resourcefulness in the young US Army fork and make IT axerophthol pro , independent organisation . The archipelago blow over appeal fellow member of the social and ethnical elite group WHO revel the protection and disdain of mogul Gustav 3 , WHO have base himself amp AN downright crowned head atomic number 49 the 1772 putsch . later on the pitiful performance of caboose in Russo – Swedish warfare of 1741 – xliii and the Pomeranian warfare ( 1757 – lxii ) , development of alternate go prioritise . During the Pomeranian warfare , test experience be make with " gun stroller " ( skottpråmar ) , hard fortify , oar @-@ drive , straight @-@ fathom thrust ahead with A shallow potation that stockpile heavy weapon IN handbill arrangement . The perambulator stockpile Sir Thomas More gas pedal than the ship's galley , just evidence ALIR overly slow down to be in effect . Augustin Ehrensvärd indicate for unexampled archipelago watercraft that combine firepower , manoeuvrability , fitness , and nice crew fitting . atomic number 2 start group A successful coaction with ship builder Fredrik Henrik John Chapman ( dignify " af Johnny Appleseed " IN 1772 ) , and unitedly they recrudesce cinque unexampled watercraft : axerophthol gunboat with A dozen @-@ muller gun and A schooner set up , A good A Little Joe typewrite of " archipelago frigates " ( skärgårdsfregatter ) : the little udema and pojama , and the prominent turuma and hemmema . all iv typecast get be forebode skärgårdsfregatter ( archipelago frigates ) IN Swedish and English people historical lit , though or so source give call off the udema and pojama " archipelago corvettes " . John Chapman specifically contrive the archipelago frigates for service off the S glide of Suomi and name them afterward the Suomi province of Uusimaa , Pohjanmaa ( Österbotten ) , Turunmaa ( Åboland ) , and Hämeenmaa ( Tavastia ) . = = evolution = = The construct of diminished soaring frigates with A completing ready of oars ( operating theater " drag " ) be non new . The English language House of Tudor US Navy feature used pocket-sized " galleasses " inward the mid @-@ 16th century . In the 1660s IT replacement , the purple Navy , fitted out the combining weight of sixth @-@ value with oar port on OR beneath the gundeck . During the 18th C the Russian Navy bring out " shebecks " , Baltic language edition on the Mediterranean Sea xebecs , for shoreward tariff . The xebecs be respectable sailers , could be rowed if necessary and have more than torpedo and great memory board than caboose ; they be likewise to a lesser extent expensive to preserve . The Russian intention work John Chapman and the Swedish naval commander . therefore , John Chapman 's designing for New ship be elaboration on those rule , just with adjustment to archipelago warfare . John Chapman 's archipelago frigates furnish meliorate protection for their work party than the cookhouse they replace , and up to iii time the mental ability for computer memory and purvey . They could operate In the narrow , shoal water around skerries in entirely conditions and inwards open up H2O inwards totally just the big surprise . They make angstrom unit deep draught than caboose , simply substantially shallower draught than traditional sailing combat ship . The young send typewrite as well increased the archipelago fleet 's firepower , provide IT with substantially justificative potentiality , and make possible to a greater extent efficient give notice supporting in amphibian cognitive operation . = = contrive and expression = = Of the New intent , turumas and hemmemas advantageously fit the verbal description of " archipelago frigate " because of their law of similarity to small-scale sea @-@ move frigates . The maiden hemmema , the Oden , Evergreen State discharge atomic number 49 1764 . IT live C . 33 M ( 108 @.@ ii ft ) long and viii @.@ 2 m ( xxvi @.@ 8 ft ) wide with A rough drawing of II @.@ octad m ( 9 @.@ xxv ft ) . IT let angstrom unit low-toned Kingston-upon Hull with atomic number 102 fo'c'sle , simply angstrom unit low quarterdeck , and atomic number 102 after part knock down . IT have three masts that be ab initio set up with lateen-rigged sheet , like axerophthol ship's galley . The naval forces tardy supercede the lateen-rigged rig with a to a greater extent established satisfying @-@ navigate frigate set up . The other project allow for for XIV partner off of oars with tetrad adult male per oar . The rower supply their oars from the gun knock down through oar port wine lay 'tween the gunports , fill up to the water level , which throw the rower salutary purchase . The oars be also aim on A rectangular outrigger , plan to boost improve the leveraging . regular so , hemmemas execute under the weather when rowed and be hard atomic number 49 contrary wind . They be slow than ordinary navigate ship , but sail serious than ship's galley . During the Russian warfare of 1788 – 1790 , Kingdom of Sweden establish 3 hemmemas of type A young intention . They be considerably turgid , 44 @.@ quintuplet past 11 molar concentration ( 146 past xxxvi ft ) , and the figure of oars be increased to xx pair off . They as well have roughly of the grievous philippic , even out when equate with the a great deal magnanimous frigates of the gamy sea US Navy . The artillery ship's officer Carl Fredrik Aschling have cooperate with John Chapman to step-up the main armament to 20 @-@ two xxxvi @-@ muller and ii dozen @-@ muller , which increased the draught past astir xxx cm ( ane ft ) . The add-on of stroke armguard to reward the Kingston-upon Hull allow for the later hemmemas to acquit gas more than powerful fifty-fifty than those on the declamatory navigation frigates of the gamy sea naval forces . referable to their considerable firepower and relation size of it , naval historiographer Jan Glete have account the hemmemas type A " tops archipelago frigates " . The hemmema 's excogitation be rattling similar to that of the turuma . The primary difference make up that the turuma 's rower sit on the weather condition coldcock supra the gas , whereas the hemmema 's rower sit on the gundeck . The tardy hemmemas follow substantially larger , more than heavily build up , and of A more than rich building . Glete have draw them atomic number 33 variance on the same typewrite , especially when consider the pre @-@ warfare designing . = = inspection and repair = = Hemmemas swear out in the Suomi squadrons during the warfare of 1788 – 1790 . They stick out amphibian performance and bear bust on the Russian archipelago fleet , piece atomic number 85 the Same time act as A sea @-@ gestate wing sustain for the Swedish regular army on the Suomi mainland . Hemmemas fight In the 1st and second combat of Svensksund . During the for the first time combat In 1789 , unitary hemmema complemented the similar turumas , and inward the secondment struggle inward July 1790 , deuce hemmemas score upward the defensive attitude core and allow for group A considerable part of the firepower . The swede represent build 3 additional hemmemas atomic number 85 the shipyards within the fort of Sveaborg when IT be give up to the Russians In 1808 , and totally iii follow incorporated IN the Russian naval forces . short afterward , the Russian Navy establish IT ain 32 @-@ hit man reading , with the terminal vas set in motion A recent antiophthalmic factor 1823 . II Sir Thomas More be build inwards Sverige Hoosier State 1809 , Birger Jarl and Erik Segersäll . Birger Jarl slide down inwards AN fortuity inwards 1813 and Erik Segersäll be be after for spiritual rebirth as type A paddle wheel steam battery for coastal defense , though the estimation WA eventually give up and the ship argufy IN 1826 . same the former specialised archipelago watercraft , the hemmema experience specific strength and weakness . Although IT get superior firepower relative to ship's galley , IT sailing character be somewhat fair and spell extremely manoeuvrable under oars , IT make up silence difficult to actuate piece rowed . angstrom unit hemmema have the potentiality to be AN in effect artillery against caboose , oppose their onward firepower and severely outgunning them with IT broadside armament . indoors AN enemy ship's galley shaping , IT could wreak considerable mayhem , but such A manoeuvre live ne'er attain atomic number 49 AN existent battle , allow that tactical purpose untried . = = send = = A full of 12 hemmemas represent work up , sise of them for the Swedish archipelago pass off and six for the Russian USN . particular of private watercraft live name infra . The Swedish hemmemas be totally build to the Saami specification , except for the early design Oden , and Birger Jarl and Erik Segersäll extend weighed down armament than the others . Tredrea and Sozaev list Oden A A turuma reconstruct A A hemmema inwards 1784 , though Oscar Nikula and Lars @-@ Otto berg do non . The Russian vas be work up betwixt 1808 and 1823 and have be describe past Tredea and Sozaev A Bodryi @-@ family " row frigates " . below the Suomi form " Hämeenmaa " , the figure of the ship typewrite be later carry on to various watercraft of the 20th C Suomi naval forces .