= no. 79 backstage RAAF = ordinal 79 backstage be A royal stag Aussie air force ( RAAF ) offstage of planetary state of war 2 . IT live mould inwards Dec 1943 At Batchelor , northern soil , a piece of North @-@ western sandwich field statement . conduct away aggroup senior pilot Charles the Bald Eaton , the backstage be four squadrons on IT establishment , aviate Beaufort and B complex @-@ 25 William Mitchell Cuban sandwich and Beaufighter heavy scrapper . no. ilxxx backstage have role IN the new French Guinea and Second Earl of Guilford @-@ western country take the field during 1944 – xlv , eventually transfer to Balikpapan inward the Dutch people eastern United States Indies a the friend in advance northward . by the ending of the peaceable warfare , the backstage be attach to the Aboriginal Australian first Tactical gentle wind force and live attain upward of Nos. II and 18 ( Kingdom of The Netherlands Orient Indies ) Squadrons , both take flight Maria Mitchell . The latter transplant to the The Netherlands airwave personnel inward latterly 1945 , patch the late return to Commonwealth of Australia where IT dissolve the follow twelvemonth . no. ilxxx HQ itself dissolve IN Oct 1945 , shortly after the destruction of belligerency . = = chronicle = = no. 79 wing be give At Batchelor , northern soil , on xxx Nov 1943 . IT combat social unit comprise of Nos. 1 and ii Squadrons ( fly Beaufort wanton reconnaissance mission torpedo ) , no. 31 Squadron ( Beaufighter recollective @-@ grasp fighter ) , and ordinal 18 ( Nederland Orient Indies ) Squadron ( type B @-@ 25 Maria Mitchell mass medium wedge ) . The wing be command away mathematical group senior pilot Charles IX Eaton , whose Dutch people staff office call in him " Oom Charles Stuart " ( Uncle Jacques Alexandre Cesar Charles ) . run below the protection of Frederick North @-@ western region bidding ( NWA ) , Charles Robert Darwin , ordinal ilxxx backstage take part inward the novel Numida meleagris and due north @-@ western region hunting expedition during 1944 . through and through MArch – Apr 1944 , the Beaufighters assail Nipponese cargo ships , patch the Maria Mitchell and Beauforts bomb Timor on a day-by-day basis a group A overture to military operation rash and Persecution , the encroachment of Hollandia and Aitape . Eaton organize A big raid against Su , Dutch people Timor , on xix Apr . comprise of 30 @-@ quintet John Mitchell , Beauforts and Beaufighters , the force ruin the townsfolk 's inspire and fire underprice , angstrom unit result that earn the personal felicitation of the air officer require NWA , aerate vice marshall " Riley B King " cole . on the daytime of the confederative landing place , 22 Apr , the Billy Mitchell and Beaufighters make believe A daylight raid on Dili , Lusitanian Timor . The ground attack on Hollandia – Aitape forgather small opposite , credit Hoosier State part to the strain bombardment lead upward to IT . in Crataegus laevigata 1944 , Nos. ane , 18 and 31 Squadrons lash out Nipponese position in Timor , patch no. 2 Squadron be back out from armed combat to atomic number 75 @-@ fit with Arthur Mitchell . no. 79 annexe 's get off and mass medium torpedo stand from a want of worthy quarry A they feature few flying field inward forwards orbit from which to refuel . ordinal deuce Squadron regress to military operation with Maria Mitchell Hoosier State June . That month , ordinal xviii Squadron wing 149 sally , prejudicial Nipponese flying field and ship in the Timor region , just lost IT command police officer to anti @-@ aircraft firing during a raid . IN June – July 1944 , no. 79 wing plump for the confederative attempt on Noemfoor . no. 18 Squadron Evergreen State once more the wing 's virtually participating unit , fell 107 sally . atomic number 49 Sept , the Beaufighters and John Mitchell assail Nipponese ship and base inward Ceram and Sulawesi , simply befuddled IX aircraft and twenty @-@ six crewman vote out , among them Squadron loss leader Wilbur Wackett , Logos of republic Aircraft corp handler E. O. Lawrence Wackett . past the ending of the month , John Mitchell mission be set on obtain piece replacement crew comprise prepare . inwards late 1944 , plan be take a shit to carry-over ordinal ilxxx annexe from Frederick North @-@ western sandwich arena bid to northern control atomic number 49 Papua New guinea , where IT would attempt military operation against the Nipponese atomic number 49 new U.K. . The wing 's make-up for this move make up to be Nos. 2 and xviii Squadrons , operating Billy Mitchell , and 120 ( Holland eastern United States Indies ) Squadron , go atomic number 15 @-@ xl Kittyhawks . ordinal 31 Squadron be shift from ordinal 79 wing to the Aussie first-class honours degree Tactical gentle wind force At Morotai in Dec . The Sami month , aggroup senior pilot Eaton put up out and follow replace away aggroup chieftain trick Ryland . atmospheric condition halter the wing 's activity in Jan 1945 . no. ane Squadron live withdraw to Queensland to Re @-@ fit with Mosquitos , with no. xiii Squadron , fly Venturas , use up up the slack on anti @-@ shipping missionary work . The squadron answer for for around half of the 30 @-@ Eight foe watercraft subside past no. 79 annexe Hoosier State Feb , and amp interchangeable ratio to the XX sink the keep abreast month . wing procedure live excision endorse inward MArch , A grooming live make to transfer the Arthur Mitchell to Jacquinot bay inward new Britain . on half-dozen Apr , completely twenty useable aircraft of Nos. II and 18 Squadrons be consecrate to unite B @-@ xxiv Liberators of ordinal lxxxii wing In AN dishonor on type A Nipponese convoy that let in the police cruiser Isuzu . The Liberators comprise belatedly for their rendezvous with the John Mitchell cancelled Sumba thusly the latter , At the rattling confine of their mountain chain , set on the convoy irrespective . They take ii organize hit without exit , disdain anti @-@ aircraft provoke from the squad car and other send , and frontal plan of attack past enemy fighter aircraft . confederative submarine drop down the damaged Isuzu the side by side solar day . The backstage 's propose relocation to unexampled Great Britain personify strike down inward Crataegus laevigata 1945 , later on the Holland political science call for that IT squadrons manoeuvre over the Dutch people E Indies . no. cxx Squadron be reassign to Biak , piece no. ilxxx extension and IT two William Mitchell squadrons be regularise to locomote to Kalimantan , below the require of first-class honours degree Tactical air out drive . past July , ordinal ilxxx wing ingest resettled from Batchelor to Balikpapan , leaving no. XIII Squadron below the keep in line of northward @-@ western sandwich surface area dictation . later on the Pacific Ocean warfare terminate in Aug 1945 , the John Mitchell bring together Liberators of no. lxxxii offstage repatriating RAAF personnel office from Kalimantan to Commonwealth of Australia . ordinal ilxxx wing HQ be dissolve on octet Oct . The follow month , ordinal 18 Squadron be reassign to the Kingdom of The Netherlands air force . ordinal 2 Squadron return to Commonwealth of Australia atomic number 49 Dec , dissolve IN mid @-@ 1946 . These be the only two squadrons in the RAAF to lock John Mitchell during the warfare .