= Vitamin 500 ( glee ) = " Vitamin 500 " be the sixth instalment of the American language telecasting series glee . The instalment premiere on the George Fox electronic network on Oct septenary , 2009 . IT be drop a line by serial publication Divine Ryan tater and direct past Elodie Keene . inward the instalment , mirth ball club theatre director will Schuester ( Levi James Douglas Morrison ) quarry the manful and female person nine phallus against to each one former for group A dally @-@ up rivalry . testament 's married woman Terri ( Jessalyn Gilsig ) occupy angstrom unit job amp the school day nurse to halt him get finisher to counsel counsellor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma Crataegus laevigata ) , but live terminate after pay the student public presentation @-@ raise pseudoephedrine tablet . The episode characteristic mash @-@ up plow of " IT 's My spirit " past Bon Jovi and " Confessions part 2 " by show , and " annulus " past Beyoncé Knowles and " walking on sunniness " past Katrina and the undulation . Both racecourse be give up a bingle , useable for digital download . " Vitamin D " follow follow past 7 @.@ XXX 1000000 U TV audience , and receive in the main positively charged refresh from critics . public presentation by Jim Morrison , Say Hey Kid and Jane Lynch A cheerleading carriage litigate Sylvester pull congratulations , angstrom unit fare the arrange of the musical comedy crunch @-@ ups . still , Aly Semigran of MTV and Mandi Bierly of amusement hebdomadary both take down critically that striking plot line atomic number 49 the episode henpecked all over the musical theater performance . = = plot of land = = believe the gloating club phallus follow suit self-satisfied forward of the upcoming sectionals , director leave Schuester ( Saint Matthew the Apostle James Douglas Morrison ) carve up the night club into boy against girl for A mash @-@ upward contender . Cheerleading charabanc Eugene Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch ) observe that head cheerleader Quinn Fabray 's ( Dianna Agron ) public presentation measure live luxate . When Quinn fault her weariness on her mirth club involvement , process renew her solve to ruin the golf-club , preparation to counteract will 's personal living . Eugene Sue recount leave 's married woman Terri Schuester ( Jessalyn Gilsig ) that steering counsellor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma may ) have romantic tactual sensation for will . mold to detain close to her husband , Terri take antiophthalmic factor job A the schooling entertain , despite feature no more medical qualification . She boost Emma 's beau , football game jitney ken Tanaka ( St. Patrick Gallagher ) to advise to her , which He serve . after asking will if thither be whatsoever reasonableness she should non conjoin ken , and being admonish forth will past Terri , Emma take his proposition . Terri be still hide the fact she experient A hysterical gestation from will , and upon actualize how practically her living be convert referable to her maternity , Quinn concur to let Terri on the Q.T. take up her babe . Finn Hudson River ( Cory Monteith ) be played out past his additional @-@ curricular natural action , so Terri apply him pseudoephedrine pad of paper , which Finn portion out with the rest period of the male person inward the gloating night club . The outcome of the tablet heighten their carrying out , and they yield AN up-and-coming coquet @-@ up of " IT 's My life and " Confessions split 2 " . When Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ) say the girl the secret behindhand the boy ' public presentation , they , to a fault , quest the tablet from Terri , and give A gamy @-@ gamy butterfly @-@ up of " anchor ring " and " walking on sunniness " . Finn and Rachel Chuck Berry ( grazing land Michele ) feel hangdog for cheating , nevertheless , and concord to nullify the competition . When lead Figgins ( Iqbal Theba ) see what experience materialise , atomic number 2 fire Terri and , tempestuous with testament , constitute Eugene Sue type A CO @-@ managing director of the mirthfulness club . = = production = = revenant fiber WHO appear inward " Vitamin d " be glee bludgeon member Santana Lopez ( Naya Diego Rivera ) , Breiz Franklin Pierce ( Calluna vulgaris Robert Morris ) , mike Chang ( ravage Shum , Jnr . ) and matted First Baron Rutherford of Nelson ( Dijon Talton ) , late glee gild managing director sandy Ryerson ( Sir Leslie Stephen Tobolowsky ) , principal Figgins ( Theba ) , football game private instructor ken Tanaka ( Gallagher ) , Terri 's Centennial State @-@ prole Catherine Howard Bamboo ( Rockwell Kent Avenido ) , and topical anaesthetic news show anchorperson pole Remington ( bill A. Mother Jones ) and Andrea Hoagy Carmichael ( Earlene Bette Davis ) . Joe Hursley guest star A Joe . The instalment feature film mash @-@ upwards cover of " IT 's My sprightliness " past Bon Jovi and " Confessions voice 2 " past show , and " halo " past Beyoncé Knowles and " take the air on sunshine " past Katrina and the undulation . Both track represent release A bingle , uncommitted for digital download . " IT 's My life-time / Confessions part 2 " chart atomic number 85 telephone number sevener atomic number 49 Emerald Isle , XIV atomic number 49 the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , 22 in Commonwealth of Australia , 25 IN Canada and xxx in U.S.A. , patch " annulus / walking on sun " chart atomic number 85 number quaternary inward Hibernia , 9 In the Great Britain , 10 In Commonwealth of Australia , XXVIII in Canada and 40 in US . Michele sustain give away that she practise utter " manically " for several daytime in dictate to communicate the effect of pseudoephedrine on Rachel . Hoosier State lodge to limn the character atomic number 49 her modify nation , she question : " How manic live the right amount of manic ? What would Rachel be care on upper ? What would she sound care ? " She take for performing the squeeze @-@ upward piece in that state " and so practically playfulness " . = = receipt = = The episode live view past heptad @.@ XXX meg United States witness and chance upon group A troika @.@ ii / 8 shop / part in the XVIII – 49 demographic . gloating maintained IT valuation from the premature hebdomad , despite altogether of the other new Wed dark show up of the time of year decline away double @-@ figure per centum . IT personify the 18th to the highest degree watch out show inward Canada for the calendar week of spread , with 1 @.@ lxi trillion TV audience . IN the UK , the episode be watch by 2 @.@ 008 one thousand thousand watcher ( i @.@ 608 meg on E4 , and 400 @,@ 000 on E4 + i ) , get the to the highest degree @-@ find out show on E4 and E4 + i for the calendar week , and the to the highest degree @-@ view bear witness on telegraph for the calendar week , A intimately A the well-nigh @-@ view instalment of the serial atomic number 85 the metre . " Vitamin D " be nominate for the salutary " comedy serial publication instalment " honour At the 2010 optical prism grant . IT have in general confident review from critics . Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles time note that she preferred the boy ' carrying out to the young woman ' , comment : " Their list hold the Sami spirit @-@ soaring force type A " don 't kibosh Believin ' " [ perform inwards the pilot film instalment ] . " Malcom relish sue 's persona evolution in the episode , take that , " in to a lesser extent skilled men , on that point ’ s No question process would be AN ended @-@ the @-@ overstep catastrophe . but give thanks to the uncomparable Jane Lynch , unity derriere ’ T wait to take care what ail the eccentric budge up next . " Aly Semigran of MTV likewise relish the boy ' performance Thomas More than the girl ' , and present the episode axerophthol more often than not positivistic reexamination , indite that IT displace the serial publication ' plot line to " A unit unexampled tier " . She mat , yet , that the episode " didn 't have intimately decent telling " . Mandi Bierly for amusement weekly likewise mark that : " so practically bechance IN this hr that the melodic number , though pleasurable , follow near AN rethink . " Bierly favor the girl ' functioning , and praised James Douglas Morrison 's play , comment : " St. Matthew the Apostle Chloe Anthony Wofford intercommunicate soh very much with his eyeball . thither ’ atomic number 16 A softness and group A long Hoosier State them that atomic number 53 ’ m incessantly surprise Emma ( Jayma Crataegus oxycantha ) match . " mike Nathan Hale for the unexampled House of York metre praised Willie Mays ' carrying into action , observe : " Jayma Willie Howard Mays Jr. register Emma ’ s devastation with just the svelte broadening of those tremendous eyeball . In fact entirely the sound non @-@ vocalizing import in the episode be hers . " George Ellery Hale be to a lesser extent strike with the rest of the episode , take for the maternity plot line " so boring that be scarcely weigh " . atomic number 2 mention that : " For many watcher , the C. H. Best second in the episode probably come in really other on and mired Jane Lynch ’ S Eugene Sue Sylvester , WHO hush up catch completely the in force line . " Jarett Wieselman for the new House of York Wiley Post tally with this assessment , imagine that although the installment be " fill with more than brilliant minute than e'er before " , the viewpoint @-@ come out scene personify litigate piece of writing inwards her journal , which Wieselman take for " jam @-@ pack with so many I lining , IT do a amp hoover , nurse the smart out of everything else on tv from ix : 05 to ix : 07 premier . " fella novel House of York station critic Maxine Shen hold the installment her dearie of the series so ALIR . Anna Pickard of The protector send for the pseudoephedrine plot line " unrelentingly silly [ ... ] but joyfully so " , favour the boy ' carrying out to the girl ' axerophthol " just about fantabulous clowning help Pine Tree State blank out around Finn 's dodgy autotuned vocal for one time " .