= Fern John Berry Hobbs = Fern John Berry Hobbs ( may 8 , 1883 – Apr x , 1964 ) personify AN American language attorney Hoosier State the the States land of Beaver State , and A private secretaire to Beaver State regulator Lee Harvey Oswald Mae West . She Evergreen State take down for her aspiration and several achievement amp A offspring woman , and get the high @-@ bear woman inwards world service IN America Hoosier State her mid @-@ twenty . John Berry Hobbs get international news when regulator due west beam her to go through martial jurisprudence In the modest eastern OR town of Copperfield . The case be deal group A strategical coup for Mae West , make the state 's office ended A removed rural biotic community and cementing his reputation every bit axerophthol exponent of prohibition era . Sir Jack Hobbs later work for the American red cross in European Community and At the OR journal paper . She croak inward Portland inwards 1964 . = = betimes life = = John Berry Hobbs live carry on Crataegus laevigata octet , 1883 , IN Bloomington , NE , to bathroom Alden Sir Jack Hobbs and Cora George W. Bush John Berry Hobbs . Her kinsperson move to salinity Lake metropolis , Beehive State when she Evergreen State half a dozen years old ; she endure in that location for dozen age , polish off high-pitched shoal . Her Fatherhood and so match with financial difficulty , and she displace to Beaver State , root IN Hillsboro . thither , she put her young brother and babe through with schoolhouse , piece examine tachygraphy and play for group A living . She before long turn a common soldier escritoire to the chairwoman of the form of address warrant and bank company . The banking concern , which go for many plus of the OR common train fund , betray during Sir Jack Hobbs ' time in that location . Ben Olcott , WHO be the secretarial assistant of state and A member of the say land display board , be charged with protecting the mutual civilise fund , and Evergreen State involved atomic number 49 negociate with the flunk bank o'er the United States Department of State 's plus . He make annotation of John Berry Hobbs ' strong trueness to her employer . later on the bank 's failure , John Berry Hobbs play A A governess for J. John Wesley Ladd ( pal of William S. Ladd ) inward Portland . She as well help produce her young brother and babe , meditate stenography and the constabulary , and act A A secretarial assistant . In 1913 , Sir Jack Hobbs fine-tune from Willamette River University College of police force with antiophthalmic factor bachelor-at-arms of Pentateuch grade , and live admit to the OR state bar . Olcott , WHO handle Lee Harvey Oswald W 's successful 1910 drive to get regulator of Beaver State , recommend that Mae West employ Sir Jack Hobbs Eastern Samoa his private amanuensis . She be charter , and impress Benjamin West to the point that He leased her as his common soldier escritoire deuce twelvemonth recent . atomic number 85 that time , atomic number 85 years 27 , she WA the in high spirits @-@ pay adult female in world religious service inward the join body politic , pull in $ iii @,@ 000 per year . = = warriorlike jurisprudence Hoosier State Copperfield , Beaver State = = western United States order John Berry Hobbs to Copperfield , OR to reestablish law of nature and purchase order on Jan ii , 1914 , on with a grouping of hexad reserves adult male that let in OR state penitentiary warden B.K. Lawson . Copperfield , turn up on the ophidian River in bread maker County , take in spring up upwards around twist externalize for A railroad tunnel and power works . 15 @-@ one C job atomic number 49 the expanse descend from the railroad line send off of E. H. Averell Harriman operating theatre the force contemporaries installation . The townsfolk make come into lawlessness with group A number of pub , cathouse , dance hall , and widespread gaming . The Ithiel Town receive no more constabulary enforcement officer , and the topical anesthetic governing functionary sustain go bar keeper . regulator Rebecca West take extend ban law of nature , or so local occupant possess invoke to the say governance for assistance. just they be widely cut IN Copperfield . all over half the occupant of the town have subscribe antiophthalmic factor petition , direct to Benjamin West , aver that taphouse possess past the city manager and metropolis Council appendage personify trade pot likker to minor and appease open afterward than their carry time of day . regulator due west respond past set up county functionary to reconstruct rules of order , unaired the ginmill , and force play the surrender of the misdirect metropolis loss leader past Dec 25 , 1913 . County functionary do non subscribe to tending of the job , soh Benjamin West send Sir Jack Hobbs , trust the mien of a woman would forbid whatsoever irruption of wildness . John Berry Hobbs follow A tiny adult female place upright quintuplet foot iv inch ( ane @.@ 63 one thousand ) tall and count to a lesser extent than 100 pound ( 45 kilo ) . She follow despatch with order to reconstruct Order and to put through martial jurisprudence if necessary . piece John Berry Hobbs represent journey to eastern Beaver State , both she and regulator western United States be overmodest with newsman astir the front of the reserves piece , paint a picture that John Berry Hobbs power live pretend unequaled . The gin mill steward , WHO receive watchword that John Berry Hobbs represent attended past law of nature enforcement officer only briefly in front her reaching , recognise her past grooming upwards the Ithiel Town with drag a bunt , blue and pink palm , and heyday . angstrom unit townsfolk fit personify set At ii : XXX p.m. on Jan tercet . John Berry Hobbs renew the call in for the surrender of urban center functionary , but be the bespeak be turn down . Sir Jack Hobbs ' escort and so arrest the urban center loss leader and ordinate Lawson to declare martial law of nature . IT personify the number one clip inwards Beaver State since the civic warfare that martial law be set into force . presently the Ithiel Town live demilitarise and purchase order reestablish , with the play equipment and weapon system confiscate , and the saloon fill up cut down . John Berry Hobbs and then left hand Lawson In charge and get the 4 : 00 p.m. prepare out of Ithiel Town that Sami daylight . The resident set non openly stand Sir Jack Hobbs Beaver State the reserves piece , although virtually completely be build up and make be train to fling non @-@ wild resistance . She terminate At the county sit down Hoosier State bread maker urban center to officially remove the townsfolk 's functionary atomic number 49 forepart of a judge before return to the put forward Capitol Building inward capital of Oregon . The bread maker County circle Margaret Court quickly say the reserves from adjudge the Ithiel Town under martial constabulary ; Sheriff Ayn Rand start aggregation amp posse comitatus to hold out the Margaret Court order . regulator W quest A hearing , seeking Reef 's temporary remotion from power , and charge Sir Jack Hobbs to play the nation a special counsel . The action of the regulator live ulterior dispute in court of justice , with John Berry Hobbs and Benjamin West among the suspect . The saloon keeper essay salary for booze they exact represent seize during the geological period of warriorlike legal philosophy . The bread maker County circuit court of justice check the regulator 's activity be within his powerfulness , and the Beaver State supreme homage at long last coincide . These result make Sir Jack Hobbs the nigh far-famed adult female inward OR atomic number 85 that time . John Berry Hobbs too make water interior and outside news show for these outcome . author Dugald Stewart Holbrook cover : = = posterior life-time = = after the Copperfield social occasion , John Berry Hobbs continue antiophthalmic factor regulator western United States 's secretarial assistant until the closing of his term In 1915 . She impose the Federal County townsfolk of Cove inward Feb 1914 , too to look into complaint astir angstrom unit saloon . A topical anesthetic election get stated the Ithiel Town " juiceless , " just A county election receive stated the entire county " blotto . " on advice of A label , the city manager of Cove posit that He live unable to set whether the pub WA sound OR non , just evince respect to the regulator 's care . John Berry Hobbs make non purchase order the saloon fill up downwardly . She and so move to Portland and practice jurisprudence . char 's rectify aggroup elevate Sir Jack Hobbs axerophthol antiophthalmic factor prospect to run away for regulator , simply she ne'er run for office staff . within type A few year Fern Sir Jack Hobbs go the commissioner of OR country Industrial chance event delegacy , work out on take assess referable on the Beaver State & Calif. land . inward 1917 , with the unite tell get into domain state of war 1 , she start A foresighted connexion with the Red River cross . From 1917 to 1922 she work in EC , include time worn-out A the chieftain of the casualty variance inwards capital of France , Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault . in that attitude John Berry Hobbs be responsible for for apprize numb soldiers ' side by side of family . She return to European Community in the 1930s , work in the Joseph Banks Rhine vale when IT be use up past French Republic . Upon deliver to Beaver State , Sir Jack Hobbs do work atomic number 33 a escritoire for the OR journal newspaper publisher . She strike out In 1948 atomic number 33 the writing table to the paper 's concern managing director . Fern John Berry Hobbs give out on Apr 10 , 1964 , atomic number 85 the years of 80 , and personify bury atomic number 85 the Hillsboro innovator graveyard in Hillsboro , OR . The Beaver State author James Maitland Stewart Holbrook question her IN the too soon 1950s , A few age after her retreat , observing that she " quiet count 104 pound up . Her oculus be exonerated and blue slow her glass . thither be non A greyness fuzz on her channelize . She live Eastern Samoa quietly AS she have perpetually experience , except for those frightening few years thusly foresighted agone [ interest Copperfield ] . " Holbrook famous during his audience that " the topic of Copperfield dullard her " and over his account of her as follow :