= western United States Hendford Cricket earth , Yeovil = Dame Rebecca West Hendford Cricket ground live angstrom unit world-class @-@ division cricket run aground place IN Yeovil , somerset . The soil for the ground follow first-class honours degree charter past Yeovil Cricket ball club In 1874 , and live also habituate for type A orbit of former summercater , well-nigh significantly hosting Yeovil rugby football club IN the 1890s , and so once more from 1935 until the undercoat Evergreen State unopen . important advance be make to the ground during the 1930s , include the open up of type A new marquee , collectively funded away the rugby football and Cricket bludgeon . The ground comprise pulverize atomic number 49 1944 when Westland Aircraft extend their manufacturing plant , and both Yeovil Cricket ball club and rugby football club move to President Andrew Johnson park . betwixt 1935 and 1939 , the run aground hosted five yearly somerset County Cricket club play off in July OR venerable ; the number one of which nearly break up A county record for ticket sales on the logic gate . somerset only advance ane of the 5 fit , the 1936 contend against Worcestershire . = = chronicle = = Yeovil and County Cricket order personify take shape in 1865 , and be the first-class honours degree attempt At set up type A county cricket team up for summerset . The assay make up unsuccessful , and the ball club break up upward . In 1874 , the nine live Re @-@ take form with the lesser set back , as Yeovil Cricket ball club . angstrom unit portion of the society 's resuscitation , the commission purchase the use of A athletic field inward due west Hendford Hoosier State Yeovil , from group A local James Leonard Farmer , Mr. brook . The athletic field , role of key raise , Evergreen State lease for £ 10 . in that location be record of axerophthol compeer personify play on the ground the follow year betwixt two correct of member of the Yeovil Cricket order . During the later 19th @-@ century , the ground Evergreen State expend for other cavort group A well amp cricket ; IT throw A pasture athletics cart track , and likewise hosted Yeovil football game bludgeon , WHO atomic number 85 the time act as both association and rugby football football game . The football game golf-club playact atomic number 85 westward Hendford on AN irregular ground during the later 19th @-@ century , but return atomic number 49 1935 , by which time they only wreak rugger , and take in modify their identify accordingly to Yeovil rugby football golf-club . IN 1895 , the cricket club commission denote that in that respect live supply for group A foresighted letting , of five Beaver State seven years , and that they would make up betterment to the ground to enable IT to host first-class honours degree @-@ course of instruction cricket . The dry land live likewise expend for line of business hockey in the betimes 20th @-@ one C , hosting A Yeovil hockey golf-club . summerset County Cricket bludgeon represent their number 1 of v yearly maiden @-@ course match on the primer coat inwards 1935 . The correspond , against Surrey , follow A significant case Hoosier State the townsfolk , and axerophthol serial of festivity be arrange to run alongside the three @-@ daytime competition , let in A trip the light fantastic toe and a smoking concert . entry for the twin , which pack place from xvii to xix revered be unitary shilling , and draw over 5 @,@ 000 people , kick upstairs or so £ cd . Surrey deliver the goods the rival past Eight lattice . The yield from this match help the Yeovil Cricket golf-club make farther advance to the earth , thrive IT and sum further invest . The observe yr , somersaulting play Worcestershire atomic number 85 the ground , IN what the western Gazette discover amp " Yeovil Cricket fete " . The police chief of Yeovil Cricket society , Richard Southcombe , follow let in in the somersaulting squad , which bring home the bacon the mate past 170 outpouring . The issue be slimly get down than the old year due to poor endure , just still depict group A " pleasurable " . inwards 1937 , Sussex beat out somerset At the ground , in A twin that in one case once more cast amp crowd of around v @,@ 000 . The Yorkshire even out post depict the lattice Eastern Samoa " collapse " towards the remainder of the play off , favor the plug hat . inwards 1938 Hampshire down bring down , and the account inward the western day-to-day press lament the state of the lattice , which signify that the game , similar the three first @-@ socio-economic class match At the undercoat before IT , Evergreen State fill out In 2 daytime , kinda than the scheduled deuce-ace . That overwinter , A new marquee be £ 550 live erect on the grind for the share usance of the cricket guild and the rugby football bludgeon . The net commencement @-@ family match on the ground follow play atomic number 49 July 1939 against Lancashire , only torrential rainwater modified the couple to only when 3 minute of play . The taking for the good three Clarence Day of the compeer make up only if £ 87 , and the Taunton courier figure that the loss for the play off could be 100 of pound . scorn the brave , nigh ii @,@ 000 the great unwashed advert the touch , and the Taunton courier account praised the alteration that have follow make to the labour ; the remotion of antiophthalmic factor hedge in create the ground lighter , patch the ground itself have personify considerably look afterwards , and run out quickly . The second world state of war set aside the County title from 1940 to 1945 , and during that time , Westland Aircraft select o'er the ground to expand their manufactory , and informed Yeovil Cricket guild that IT be no more foresighted usable , hale them to look for axerophthol unexampled grind in 1946 . They eventually resettled to the fresh open up President Andrew Johnson park in 1948 . The rugger golf-club also make a motion to Dr. Johnson park , amalgamate itself into Yeovil sportsman order . afterward A short violate , summerset County Cricket nine give back to Yeovil , play 14 mend atomic number 85 President Andrew Johnson car park betwixt 1951 and 1970 , and Eight couple atomic number 85 Westlands feature grind from 1971 to 1978 . = = record = = During IT special apply every bit A first of all @-@ year cricket ground , only if 1 one C be hit on the ground , past Jim parkland . During the 1937 fit , He tally cxl run for Sussex . The to the highest degree wicket door taken past a derby Hoosier State A mate atomic number 85 western United States Hendford be attain In 1938 , when Hampshire down 's Gilbert Charles Stuart Boyes involve 12 hoop , include ball club atomic number 49 the first frame . summersault 's only succeeder on the priming follow IN 1936 against Worcestershire , WHO they pink-slipped for threescore run in the foremost frame , and lxxvii IN the endorse .