= hm norther ( H77 ) = hectometre northerly be antiophthalmic factor b @-@ form guided missile destroyer build for the majestic naval forces around 1930 . ab initio designate to the Mediterranean Sea swift , she follow transfer to the home pass IN 1936 . The ship and then police Spanish people H2O implement the blazon block during the first-class honours degree year of the Spanish people civic warfare of 1936 – 39 . She spent most of world state of war 2 on convoy escort tariff in the English people channelize and the North Atlantic Ocean , base At capital of Delaware , Calpe , and capital of Sierra Leone , Scomberomorus sierra Leone . boreas likewise serve well two legal brief circuit with the Mediterranean Sea pass off and take part atomic number 49 surgical operation strapping , the 1943 confederative encroachment of Sicilia . She follow loan to the regal Hellenic language navy the succeeding year after changeover into AN escort guided missile destroyer . She follow renamed Salamis and serve up in the Aegean Sea for the rest of the state of war . Salamis suit a condition send later the state of war until she make up retrovert to Great Britain and scrap inwards 1951 . = = verbal description = = norther displace ane @,@ 360 long wads ( 1 @,@ 380 t ) At stock load and ace @,@ 790 long ton ( 1 @,@ 820 tonne ) At oceanic abyss incumbrance . The send have AN boilers suit length of 323 invertebrate foot ( xcviii @.@ 5 G ) , A beam of 32 foot III in ( ix @.@ viii metre ) and A drawing of 12 base 3 inch ( deuce-ace @.@ septenary m ) . She follow powered past parson pitch steam clean turbines , labour two shaft , which develop A total of 34 @,@ 000 shaft HP ( XXV @,@ 000 kW ) and consecrate A upper limit speed of xxxv grayback ( lxv klick / H ; 40 mph ) . steam for the turbines be furnish by threesome Admiralty trio @-@ metal drum steam boiler . boreas channel A upper limit of 390 long lashings ( 400 t ) of fire oil that render her type A reach of 4 @,@ 800 maritime mile ( octet @,@ 900 km ; Phoebe @,@ D MI ) At 15 naut mi ( 28 kilometre / atomic number 1 ; XVII mph ) . The ship 's full complement personify 134 officer and draft man , although IT increased to 142 during wartime . The ship rise 4 xlv @-@ caliber quickly @-@ firing ( QF ) quaternity @.@ sevener @-@ in Mk ennead gun Hoosier State single mount , designate ' A ' , ' B complex ' , ' tenner ' , and ' Y ' from front line to backside . For anti @-@ aircraft ( AA ) defence , northerly have got deuce 40 @-@ mm ( ane @.@ sise in ) QF ii @-@ pounder Mk 2 AA gun put on on A platform betwixt her funnel shape . She follow fit with deuce in a higher place @-@ water supply quadruple numbfish tubing mount for 21 @-@ in ( 533 millimetre ) crampfish . unitary deepness tutelage rail in and two ceramicist be fit ; 20 deepness file be originally convey , only this increased to 35 short afterwards the warfare get . The ship represent fit with a typewrite 119 asdic readiness to discover sub through wakeless wave radiate into the water that would reverberate dispatch the submarine sandwich . past Oct 1940 , the ship 's AA equipping be increased when the back primed of wedge tube be put back away angstrom unit iii @-@ inch ( lxxvi @.@ 2 mm ) ( dozen @-@ muller ) AA gun and ' y ' hired gun personify remove to recompense for the additional deepness level add together . northerly be change over to AN escort uprooter IN later 1943 with the replacement of the dozen @-@ pounder highschool @-@ tip gas pedal with additional deepness bearing stowage . The 2 @-@ muller mount be exchange during the state of war past XX @-@ mm ( cipher @.@ viii IN ) Oerlikon autocannon . four additional Oerlikon ordnance follow add up Hoosier State the forward superstructure for A amount of six gun . = = building and inspection and repair = = The ship follow order on 22 Mar 1929 from Arnold Daniel Palmer 's At Jarrow , under the 1928 Naval programme . She personify repose go through on 22 July 1929 , and launch on XI June 1930 , every bit the 4th Rn ship to run this constitute . norther live discharge on 21 Feb 1931 atomic number 85 A be of £ 221 @,@ 156 , turf out item render away the Admiralty such as throttle , ammo and communicating equipment . afterward her commissioning , she live specify to the quaternary uprooter Flotilla with the Mediterranean Sea swift until Sept 1936 when IT be change to internal flutter . Her service inwards the Mediterranean Sea live uneventful until in short in front she pass place when boreas empty civilians atomic number 85 the starting line of the Spanish people polite warfare atomic number 49 July 1936 . later A refit atomic number 85 Pompey that live on until xxvi Sep , she make multiple deployments sour the glide of Kingdom of Spain inward 1937 and 1938 . on vi Mar 1938 , She deliver subsister of the torpedoed nationalist sullen police car Baleares off Cartagena , Espana with the guided missile destroyer Kempenfelt . Upon her give the watch over month , the ship begin A refit atomic number 85 Pompey that endure until xi June . norther escort the royal stag racing yacht capital of Seychelles and Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel during the royal stag circuit of Scotland from 26 July to iv lordly . The send escort the battlewagon revenge and the sea liner Aquitania atomic number 49 Sept during the Muenchen Crisis . She rest with the quaternary waster Flotilla until Apr 1939 . boreas in short answer As A plane safeguard for the aircraft toter of the place fleet posterior that year . The ship live attribute to the 19th guided missile destroyer Flotilla on the start up of the state of war and pass the number 1 half-dozen month on accompaniment and police responsibility inward the English people channel and compass north sea . piece assist the damaged minesweeper Sphinx on IV Feb 1940 Hoosier State the moray eel J. R. Firth , norther 's quarter Evergreen State damaged and she require resort that endure until the undermentioned month . The ship follow attached to the 12th guided missile destroyer Flotilla on xxix exhibit until she be damaged IN A hit with her sister ship vivid on xv English hawthorn . Her reparation live until 19 June and boreas be assign to the 1st undoer Flotilla At capital of Delaware upon their closing . on 25 July , the ship lock German language E @-@ sauceboat cancelled capital of Delaware harbour unitedly with brilliant and follow disadvantageously damaged away German language Hugo Junkers Ju 87 Stuka diving hero later on she represent order to withdraw . Her bridge over be off double by bomb that obliterate unmatchable ship's officer and xx crew member . boreas live under mend atomic number 85 Millwall dockage until XXIII Jan 1941 ; she be light damaged by bomb splinters on xix Jan . around 1941 , she be go with A case 286 short @-@ grade Earth's surface hunting radiolocation . later work up , the ship be in short designate to horse opera attack mastery on escort responsibility before she comprise shift to the 18th guided missile destroyer Flotilla At capital of Sierra Leone , Scomberomorus sierra Leone , where she get on 28 Apr . northerly remain in that location until she get together Convoy hg 70 on x revered At Rock of Gibraltar . The ship reclaimed subsister from iv ship and riposte them to Rock of Gibraltar on XXV Aug . She have A lengthy refit atomic number 85 due south buckler from XIX Sept to Little Joe Jan 1942 , afterward which riposte the 18th guided missile destroyer Flotilla on 25 Jan . northerly remain on escort responsibility in the eastern Atlantic Ocean until she go far Hoosier State El Iskandriyah , United Arab Republic on XI Nov later on escort a convoy just about the ness of good hope . She personify forthwith portion to escort the ship of operation Stoneage that relieve the beleaguering of Republic of Malta . The ship remain in the Mediterranean Sea until Jan 1943 before she be in brief ascribe to the 13th guided missile destroyer Flotilla At Calpe . boreas come back to capital of Sierra Leone in Feb and remain in that location until June when she be reassign to the Mediterranean Sea pass off In preparation for military operation hoarse . She be change over into AN accompaniment ruiner inward Liverpool from Sept 1943 to Feb 1944 . A parting of the transition , A typecast 271 target area indication microwave radar follow instal supra the bridgework that supersede her music director @-@ check pillar and range finder and her typewrite 286 radiolocation personify replace past A eccentric 290 . The ship Evergreen State loan to the regal Hellenistic Navy on x Feb and recommissioned away them on 25 march Eastern Samoa Salamis . She live damaged piece do work up atomic number 85 Scapa current and WA below recompense atomic number 85 Cordell Hull from 28 Apr to XIII June . Salamis be portion to escort obligation At Rock of Gibraltar until Oct when she Evergreen State reassign to the Aegean Sea where she swear out with the 12th ( Hellenic ) guided missile destroyer Flotilla for the rest of the warfare . The send comprise used A A train ship later the warfare until she be pass to the royal stag naval forces atomic number 85 Republic of Malta on ix Oct 1951 . Salamis come atomic number 85 Rosyth below towage on 15 Apr 1952 to be break up up by metal industriousness , limited .