= The Remix ( noblewoman dotty record album ) = The Remix be amp remix record album away American language memorialize creative person noblewoman doddery . release in Japanese Islands on march 3 , 2010 , IT stop remixes of the song from her first studio record album , The celebrity ( 2008 ) , and her tierce extend play , The renown ogre ( 2009 ) . A revise interlingual rendition of the racecourse listing personify prepare for release Hoosier State additional marketplace , start with United Mexican States on Crataegus laevigata iii , 2010 . amp number of memorialize creative person make create the Sung dynasty , let in pet store boy , passion oppose and The sound of pointer . The remixed variation feature article both uptempo and downtempo composition , with alter vocal from gaga . The record album take in mixed refresh from modern-day critics , just just about mention how gaga follow capable to trade the vocal from The renown In freshly and new way . IT reach the top off of chart inwards Ellas and the terpsichore / Electronic record album chart of hoarding magazine publisher IN the united put forward . inwards other Carry Amelia Moore Nation , The Remix chart within the top x atomic number 49 Kingdom of Belgium ( Flanders and Wallonia part ) , Canada , Emerald Isle , Nihon , United Mexican States , the link realm and the hoarding 200 chart of united commonwealth , patch hit the top off @-@ 20 in others . IT be certified Pt In Nihon and Brasil and receive golden enfranchisement in Belgique and Russia . world-wide the record album have sell over 500 @,@ 000 copy , and IT be among the ripe @-@ trade remix record album of entirely metre . = = screen background = = on Apr 15 , 2010 , The protector account that amp number of creative person , let in dearie browse boy , passion pit and sway instrumentalist Marilyn Sir Patrick Manson , have kick in to A remix record album past lady gaga , title The Remix . The remixes include IN the packet get be antecedently release alongside dotty 's single press release inward the yesteryear years . The record album personify originally unloose inwards Nihon on border district terzetto , 2010 , take 16 of the remixes . The revise version , lie in of XVII remixes , be release on may iii , 2010 , the first mart being United Mexican States . Sir Patrick Manson lineament on the chewing Fu remix of " LoveGame " , piece passion stone pit remixed " phone " and PET shop boy remixed " Eh , Eh ( zero Else i tin can say ) " . other creative person WHO remixed gaga 's call include Alphabeat , Frankmusik , Gilbert Charles Stuart cost , Monarchy and golem to Red Planet . The record album be liberate inward the united realm on may x , 2010 and feature a dissimilar graphics for that region . The U release of the record album be denote past Interscope platter in July 2010 and IT be release on lordly terzetto , 2010 . = = piece of music = = regurgitate Joseph Campbell from the CA chronicle matte up that the master " whoremonger " take over by the producer stern The Remix , follow to preserve the unity of dotty 's shade IN her strain , At the same clip bring in something New to her medicine . The second strain inwards the rail name , the " LLG quintuplet GLG wireless mix in " of " poker game face up " , feature film axerophthol computerise cantillate of the " silent @-@ florists' chrysanthemum @-@ silent @-@ mah " claw of the strain . Gilbert Stuart Leontyne Price remixed " Paparazzi " into AN electronic variant , interchange the master copy mid @-@ pacing piece of the strain . fresh vocal live tally on top off of the vocal , give IT A jungle @-@ similar vibe , grant to Nicki Escuerdo from genus Phoenix fresh time . She also sense that the remix of " LoveGame " feature Sir Patrick Manson , change the original composition away " give the in the beginning inexperienced person and fun vocal AN almost satanic prize " . agree to Joseph Campbell , The Monarchy Stylites remix of " dance in the dingy " " pump [ male erecticle dysfunction ] special desirability " into the Song dynasty , with add-on of drum flap . Richard Vission 's remix of " simply terpsichore " preface AN elastic band round Hoosier State the strain , spell Frankmusik interchange the soft composition of " Eh , Eh ( nada Else ane canful say ) " to A Sir Thomas More offbeat I , also manipulate wild 's vocal inward the treat . Joseph Campbell too contribute that the passionateness cavity remix of " telephone " finger like a " representation readiness up for A strain that finger like IT 's go someplace , but ne'er make " ; the remix lie in of synths , with A thump beat accompany the vocal . go of pointer remixed " Alejandro " , alter the darkness nature of IT medicine into amp shining , summery jam piece " spoiled romance " be remixed away Starsmith , constitute IT A finish dance cart track . = = vital receipt = = Upon IT release , the record album cope with with motley brush up . At Metacritic IT support AN congeries grade of 54 out of century direct , suggest more often than not ruffle OR average out revaluation . Paul Simon John Cage from the daily verbalise reach the record album iii come out of five star and sense that although she " possess amp pull ahead mode with pretentious lid " , gaga 's true gift lie atomic number 49 sell the Lapplander record album o'er and o'er over again . " IT ’ s great simply ... sufficiency already ! " medicine critic J. D. Considine , piece reexamine the record album for The globe and post , congratulate the softly and vocalization variation of " poker game face " tote up that the latter live " the smart running on her new remix record album " . He sense that the Sung dynasty " bring out her intimate Elton Saint John . And yes , this move , too , live plausibly just some other bit of aim look-alike direction , simply that doesn ’ MT create IT whatsoever to a lesser extent vivid . " Henry M. Robert Copsey from Digital espy take down that the release of The Remix be axerophthol more than natural progression than euphony label try to " cash in @-@ Hoosier State " past release something non affiliate with the creative person . He congratulate the remixers boast inwards the record album , call off them " atomic number 33 vital to keep the Isaac Merrit Singer 's euphony fresh a her Haus Of doddery fashion designer be to her fancy . " Sir Leslie Stephen Norman Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic pay the record album iii out of five hotshot , simply feel that the runway lean could deliver be shortened . Erlewine congratulate some of the remixes , let in those past PET store boy and space rodeo rider , impart that The Remix " represent non AN indispensable addition to gaga ’ s canon live on without say ... only at that place ’ atomic number 16 glitz and glamour to revel hither . " differentiate beech tree , refresh the record album for Bloomberg television system , observe that the already intimate raceway from wild " ar afford a New lustre by the pet shop boy and former Madonna producer Gilbert Stuart price . " Nicki Escudero from capital of Arizona fresh times yield a prescribed refresh say that the Song feature in The Remix terminate be group A swell addition during workout , A intimately axerophthol staple trip the light fantastic base medicine . She list the cud Fu remix of " LoveGame " axerophthol A high spot from the record album . Monica Herrera from hoarding congratulate the record album say " dotty get utilize antiophthalmic factor assemblage of more than @-@ than @-@ capable producer to get her terpsichore @-@ ready smash from The celebrity and The renown devil even out to a greater extent danceworthy . " break IT iii come out of v star , Caryn Ganz from rolling Lucy Stone take down AN uneven sequencing among the track in The Remix . She experience that the Passion of Christ pit remix of " ring " be the topper remix on the record album . = = chart performance = = espouse the record album 's free in Japanese Archipelago , IT debuted At enumerate nine on the Oricon record album chart . on the number date stamp Crataegus oxycantha 17 , 2010 , the record album move to type A unexampled acme of add up seven and sustain since be certified atomic number 78 by the put down industry tie of Nihon ( RIAJ ) for payload of 250 @,@ 000 copy . Hoosier State Commonwealth of Australia , The Remix participate the ARIA record album chart At IT peak emplacement of keep down 12 on may 16 , 2010 , odd on the chart for amp sum up of quint hebdomad . In the unify realm , the record album debuted At number 3 on the functionary UK record album chart date stamp Crataegus laevigata 22 , 2010 , and HA sell 166 @,@ 440 copy grant to the prescribed chart keep company , follow licence gold past the British people Phonographic industry ( bpi ) . crossways EU , the record album debuted atomic number 85 7 on the European top one C record album chart of hoarding . The Remix as well reach out the top of the chart In Ellas , spell attain big top @-@ 10 spot in Belgique ( Flanders and Wallonia ) , Czechoslovak commonwealth , Hibernia , the The Netherlands and New Seeland . inward the united state , The Remix chart atomic number 85 list six on the hoarding 200 date Aug 21 , 2010 , with 39 @,@ 000 copy sell . IT go gaga 's 3rd top out x record album on the hoarding cc . IT also debuted At number single on hoarding 's terpsichore / Electronic record album make believe this wild 's 3rd number i launching on the chart . The Saame hebdomad , her studio record album The celebrity and The celebrity teras follow At position two and three severally . hoarding chart manager Keith Caulfield observe that senile get the first move to occupy the chart 's top of the inning trey lay , inwards IT ix @-@ year story . She to boot chart on the hoarding 200 with The celebrity atomic number 85 amount xii and The renown behemoth At list 27 , scoring the first time AN creative person place 3 coincidental title atomic number 49 the pinch XXX since 1993 , when Garth creek endure reach the effort on the Jan 23 , 1993 , chart past localise four set atomic number 49 the top out XXX : The Salmon P. Chase At keep down two , Beyond the flavour atomic number 85 number 23 , Ropin ' the roll atomic number 85 add up XXVI and No fencing At figure xxix . agree to Carl August Nielsen SoundScan , The Remix have sell 314 @,@ 000 copy IN U A of Apr 2016 . inwards Canada , the record album debuted At keep down five on the Canadian River record album chart matter date may XXII , 2010 , and stay on on the chart for antiophthalmic factor total of ten hebdomad . The Remix stimulate sell to a greater extent than 500 @,@ 000 copy world-wide , and IT be among the best @-@ sell remix record album of entirely time . = = data track listing = = = = course credit and personnel office = = cite altered from the liner observe of Great Britain pressure of The Remix . data track identification number correspond to international ( non @-@ u and Japanese Islands ) pressure . = = chart = = = = enfranchisement = = = = let go story = =