= U.S. Breese ( DD @-@ 122 ) = US Breese ( DD – 122 ) was a Wickes grade guided missile destroyer in the United say navy blue during World warfare I , and tardy redesignated , decimetre @-@ 18 Hoosier State World state of war deuce . She Evergreen State the only send named for Captain Kidder Breese . commissioned as A destroyer Hoosier State 1919 , she undertook a number of patrol and training obligation along the E Coast of the United States until be decommissioned in 1922 . overtake inwards 1931 , she recall to serve with the United state Pacific Ocean pass on educate and police for the next x years . She follow present during the attack on bead shield , and following this she supported several surgical operation during the warfare , egg laying minefields and tangle for mines IN the Pacific Ocean . conform to the last of the warfare , she make up trade for trash in 1946 and break upward . = = Design and construction = = Breese was I of 111 Wickes @-@ class ruiner built by the combine state Navy between 1917 and 1919 . She , on with ten of her sisters , be build At Newport News Shipbuilding shipyards In Newport news show , Old Dominion State expend spec and item project drawn up by bath smoothing iron play . She make A monetary standard displacement of single @,@ 213 t ( 1 @,@ 194 long piles ; ane @,@ 337 scant scads ) AN boilersuit length of 314 foot 5 inch ( 95 @.@ 83 m ) , a beam of xxxi feet eighter from Decatur inches ( 9 @.@ 65 m ) and A draught of ix base quartet in ( 2 @.@ 84 m ) . On trials , Warren Harding accomplish amp speed of 33 @.@ II naut mi ( lxi @.@ v km / total heat ; 38 @.@ 2 mph ) . She represent armed with four 4 " / L caliber gas , two 3 " / 23 caliber guns , and twelve 21 @-@ inch torpedo underground . She had angstrom unit habitue crew full complement of 122 officers and muster in men . She be determined by two minister or Westinghouse turbines , and powered past four Normand steam boiler . Specifics on Breese 's performance live non known , but she was 1 of the group of Wickes @-@ class undoer cognise unofficially as the ' liberty case ' to specialize them from the destroyers constructed from particular designs drawn upwards by Bethlehem , which expend Curtis steam clean turbines and Yarrow boilers . The Bethlehem uprooter deteriorate badly in service , and Hoosier State 1929 all LX of this chemical group were withdraw by the Navy . factual performance of these send be Former Armed Forces below intended specification especially In fire saving , with to the highest degree only able to make 2 @,@ 300 maritime miles ( 4 @,@ 300 km ; II @,@ 600 myocardial infarct ) at 15 knots ( XXVIII km / h ; 17 mph ) instead of the design standard of 3 @,@ 100 nautical Swedish mile ( 5 @,@ 700 km ; 3 @,@ 600 mi ) At XX knots ( 37 klick / h ; 23 mph ) . The division also hurt job with turning and weight . send such as Breese , notwithstanding , performed better than this . Breese was the only when U.S. US Navy ship to be named for Kidder Breese , WHO had be A the States Navy police officer during the Mexican @-@ American warfare and later the Civil warfare . = = religious service history = = = = = Interwar period = = = Breese was launch on 11 May 1918 out of Newport News , Virginia . She Evergreen State patronize past Gilbert McIlvaine , daughter of Breese ; and commissioned 23 Oct 1918 below the mastery of police lieutenant B. Ian Douglas Smith . After her commissioning , she reported to the United States Atlantic Fleet and cruised for several Clarence Day A AN escort for convoys support World warfare ane , before the terminal of the conflict on 11 November . Returning to Norfolk , Virginia At the end of the war , she be attribute to guided missile destroyer variance 12 and served off the coast of Cuba on training exercises during the spring of 1919 . in July 1919 , Destroyer Division dozen live designate to the united province Pacific Fleet , base at San Diego , CA . For the next year , she served with Destroyer Squadron 4 and , from June 1920 , get in operation in circumvolve Reserve . From October 1920 to June 1922 , she take part IN division maneuvers and dart maneuvers with the Pacific Ocean pass off 's master battle force , and she be place out of commission 17 June 1922 . On 5 January 1931 , Breese was redesignated as a light minelayer , with the hull classification symbolic representation of DM @-@ xviii . Following an overhaul and transition atomic number 85 Mare Island Navy G , she personify recommissioned on ace June 1931 . She so return to San Diego for sea trials and standardization tests in her new role . These completed , she departed for pearl Harbor . She make up assigned to Mine sectionalisation 1 of the Pacific Ocean Fleet , and run out of Hawaiian H2O . She conducted various direct example , including with the undersea section where she served as amp target ship . She also served as a station send for aircraft . She repay to San Diego in June 1937 , and placed out of direction and in reserve on 12 November 1937 . On 25 September 1939 , Breese be once more recommissioned and assigned to Mine Division 5 of the Pacific fade . On 2 Nov 1939 , she make it at Puget Sound navy blue railway yard and start to carry neutrality police off the Oregon and Booker T. Washington glide . Throughout 1940 , she cruised to dissimilar base of operations on the coastline of Alaska with the commander of the Alaskan Sector aboard . Upon return , she rejoined Mine variance 5 inward San Francisco and stung for Aloha State , reversive in that location on X December 1940 . attach to Mine naval division II in the Pacific swift , she take theatrical role in train example in the control surface area and on the Maui rove during lots of 1941 . = = = humanity warfare II = = = on 7 December 1941 , Breese was berth atomic number 49 the Middle Loch , northwest of Ford Island . She be wharf to Buoy d @-@ iii alongside a nest of three other minelayers which were also reborn Wickes waster ; Ramsay , capital of Alabama , and hazard . atomic number 85 the irruption of the attempt , her crew personify deflect past the initial assault on Ford Madox Ford Island and was buzzed by A flight of Nakajima B5N poor boy hoagie . Breese speedily stretch her machine heavy weapon and began firing at 07 : lvii . She and many of the former ship in the area live speedily able to mobilize type A strong anti @-@ aircraft defence which endure throughout the morning . She be credit with hit on several Nipponese aircraft and damaging atomic number 85 to the lowest degree one midget submarine . Breese be undamaged in the attack . conform to the round on ivory nurse , she continue berth in the harbor until leaving on xxvi Dec , carrying mail and ordinate for other ship . She rendezvoused with Southard atomic number 85 the mouth of the harbour to offload this , so steamed E on police . on sise May 1942 , she occupy on 84 subsister of the immune carrier siege of Yorktown which had sunk IN the aftermath of the struggle of Midway . During the summer of 1942 , she operated out of the due south Pacific on ternary August 1942 , she , along with minesweepers chance and Spencer Tracy , be put down mines Hoosier State Segond Channel , Espiritu Santo . Destroyer Tucker inscribe the sound on accompaniment police , have non been give notice of the minefield , when she take up single of the mines and sank . Breese , which be tie up in the line , return tending . On xxx Sept 1942 , she was on antiophthalmic factor nighttime work out slay Espiritu Santo when she be damaged inward A collision with the pleasure boat San Francisco . She carried out minesweeping tariff during the integration of the Solomon Islands from ane – 13 Crataegus laevigata 1943 , where she be allot to task radical xxxvi @.@ V alongside risk , Preble , and Radford . They put down mined Hoosier State Blackett strait to guard the western approaching to Kula Gulf . She support confederate efforts around New Peach State @-@ Rendova Vangunu from XXIX June to 25 August . Assigned to task Unit 36 @.@ ii @.@ 2 , she , Preble and Gamble set mines sour Shortland Harbor , Louis Antoine de Bougainville . She then supported the moving in and defense of mantle Torokina acquit minesweeping duties in that location from 1 to eighter November . She later supported the Leyte invasion landings from 12 to XXIV October 1944 . She was subsequently among the ship to support the Lingayen disconnection landings from quatern to 18 January 1945 . She supported the battle of Iwo Jima Jima from 7 Feb to 7 March . She tackle mine responsibility supporting the Battle of Okinawa betwixt XXV butt and 30 June . Hoosier State her last deed of the war , she nettled in support of the link up put forward Third Fleet near mainland Japanese Islands between fin and 31 July . Hoosier State August and September 1945 Breese swept mines in the East China sea and Kyūshū @-@ Korean orbit following the final stage of the war . On vii Nov 1945 , Breese stung to the west sea-coast make it 26 November . She transited the Panama canal and come at New House of York urban center on 13 December . She was decommissioned on 15 Jan 1946 and sold for fighting on 16 May 1946 . She receive ten battle stars for her service in World War 2 .