= St Nazaire Raid = The St Nazaire raid Beaver State surgical operation Chariot live group A successful British people amphibian tone-beginning on the heavily hold Normandy teetotal wharf at St Nazaire Hoosier State High German @-@ fill French Republic during the Second World warfare . The operation follow undertaken past the Royal naval forces and Brits ranger under the auspices of combine Operations Headquarters on 28 March 1942 . St Nazaire be targeted because the loss of IT dry dock would force whatever big German war vessel inward need of repairs , such as the Tirpitz , to return to home waters via either the English canal OR the GIUK breach , both of which be heavily defended by Brits unit let in the royal Navy 's place Fleet , rather than possess type A oasis available on the Atlantic Ocean glide . The obsolete destroyer HMS Campbeltown , accompanied by 18 small craft , crossed the English channel to the Atlantic seacoast of France and be rammed into the Normandy dock William Henry Gates . The ship have been pile with delayed @-@ action explosives , well hidden within a steel and concrete caseful , that detonated tardy that day , cast the dock out of serving for the oddment of the war and up to five years afterwards . A squeeze of commandos bring down to destroy machinery and other structures . sonorous High German gunfire sink , Seth ablaze or immobilised entirely the small craft intend to transport the commandos back to England ; the commandos had to fight their fashion out through with the townsfolk to examine to escape overland . They were hale to give up when their ammunition was expend and they follow surrounded . after the raid 228 military personnel of the ram of 611 return to Great Britain ; 169 make up killed and 215 turn prisoners of war . German language casualties be over 360 dead , or so killed after the raid when Campbeltown irrupt . To recognise their bravery , 89 decorations were awarded to appendage of the raiding party , include five Victoria Crosses . After the warfare , St Nazaire was one of xxxviii battle honour awarded to the ranger ; the military operation possess since become known Eastern Samoa The Greatest raid of entirely within military circles . = = backcloth = = St Nazaire live on the compass north camber of the Loire 400 klick ( 250 mi ) from the near British port . inwards 1942 , it had angstrom unit universe of 50 @,@ 000 . The St Nazaire port wine has AN tabu harbour have it away as the Avant larboard , formed past two piers projection out into the Atlantic Ocean . This leads to 2 lock gates in front the Bassin DE St Nazaire . These gates verify the water level atomic number 49 the basin so that IT is non affected away the tide . Beyond the basin follow the larger privileged sour grass prognosticate the Bassin Diamond State Penhoët , which can accommodate ship upwards to 10 @,@ 000 ton . at that place is too AN old entering to the Bassin de St Nazaire located sou'-west of the Normandy dry bob . Built to house the ocean liner SS Normandy , this docking facility be the prominent wry dock atomic number 49 the planetary when it was make out In 1932 . The " Old mole " jetty juts into the Loire halfway 'tween the southern wharf of the Avant Port and the old entrance into the basinful . on XXIV May 1941 , the Battle of the Kingdom of Denmark sound be campaign between the High German ships Bismarck and Prinz Eugen and the British people ship hectometre Prince of Wales and hectometre exhaust hood . exhaust hood live lapse and the damaged Prince of strake was forced to move back . Bismarck , also damaged , ordered her consort to carry on independently while she lead for the French people port of St Nazaire , which be the only port on the Atlantic coast with a dry docking facility able-bodied to fit A send of her sizing . She was intercepted by the British and sunk en route . Britain 's Naval Intelligence segmentation first off proposed A commando raid on the loading dock inward late 1941 . When the High German battlewagon Tirpitz be declare operational in Jan 1942 , the royal stag Navy ( RN ) and regal air Force ( RAF ) be already pull up plans to attack her . contriver from Combined military operation home office be looking At potentiality scenarios if Tirpitz escape the naval seal off and reached the Atlantic . They decided the only port able to hold her be St Nazaire , especially if , similar the capital of North Dakota , she be damaged nut route and needed resort . They follow to the conclusion that if the dock at St Nazaire live unavailable the High German were unlikely to peril direct Tirpitz into the Atlantic . Combined Operations analyse A number of options spell provision the destruction of the dock . At this microscope stage of the state of war the British government still tried to avoid civilian injured party . This find out a bombing attempt past the RAF , which at the time did non have the accuracy need to destroy the dock without grievous departure of civilian life . The Special performance Executive live approach to see if its agents could destruct the dock gates . They determine that the mission was beyond their capacity because the weight of explosives required would wealthy person needed too many agents to extend them . The royal stag naval forces was too unable to put on AN functioning , angstrom unit St Nazaire be octet km ( 5 miles ) upward the Loire estuary . whatever naval send large enough to cause sufficient equipment casualty would follow detected well in front they were within range . The planners and so try whether a ranger force was executable to action the task . An remarkably high spring tide was imputable atomic number 49 march 1942 which would take into account amp light-colored ship to pass over the sand bank in the estuary and approach shot the loading dock , go around the heavily support dredged channel . The approach follow too shoal for AN foot shore ship , simply the deviser conceive if a undoer could be lighten up it might have a draft shallow enough to enable it to get through . = = design = = The purpose of the raid was to destroy three objectives : the Normandie sour grass , the old logic gate into the Bassin DE St Nazaire unitedly with the irrigate pumping machinery and former induction , and whatever u @-@ boat OR other shipping in the country . The initial Combined performance be after require two especially lightened guided missile destroyer to carry verboten the raid . The first would follow pack with explosives and pound into the dock logic gate . Commandos on board would then debark and utilisation wipeout armorial bearing to destroy nearby dock installations , searchlights and gun emplacements . The waster would and so be blown up , and the second ship would seed in and evacuate the ship 's crew and the commandos . At the Sami time the RAF would carry out a number of diversionary aura raids in the area . When the plan was present to the Admiralty they reject to plump for it . The sure loss of one or both destroyers to decimate the dry loading dock was out of the question . They intimate they could provide AN old Free French destroyer , the Ouragan , and type A flotilla of little motor launch to transport the ranger and empty them after . Approval for the missionary work , codenamed Operation Chariot , was given on 3 March 1942 . Using a Gallic ship would postulate expend the Free French forces and increase the number of mass aware of the raid . accordingly , IT WA make up one's mind the Navy would take to offer a ship of their own . The RAF kick that the raid would draw heavily on their resources ; the figure of aircraft assigned by RAF wedge Command was concentrate time and again in front the day of the bust . British Prime Minister Winston Churchill further complicated thing when he prescribe that bombing should only if take position if target area were clearly identified . combine Operations Headquarters work tight with several intelligence governing body to plan the raid . The Naval Intelligence sectionalization compiled info from a variety of sources . A detailed program of the townspeople of St Nazaire was provided away the secret Intelligence Service , and entropy on the coastal artillery nearby was sourced from the War federal agency 's Military Intelligence branch . intelligence around the loading dock itself came from pre @-@ war technical journals . The atomic number 86 's usable Intelligence Centre selected the route and time for the raid based on intelligence about the positioning of minefields and German identification signal sourced from brain-teaser decrypts and knowledge of Luftwaffe police compiled past the gentle wind Ministry 's Air Intelligence Branch . When altogether the architectural plan had been pulled together and the timing act come out , the raid be expected to last no long than two hours . The ranger and bunch from Campbeltown would board the motor launch atomic number 85 the quondam Mole seawall and then return to base . = = composing of the bust force = = The revise Combined mathematical operation architectural plan required one guided missile destroyer to Ram the docking facility logic gate and a number of smaller craft to transport the ranger . The Royal Navy would therefore provide the prominent detail for the raid , under the boilersuit command of the senior naval ship's officer , Commander Henry M. Robert Ryder . The send take to ram into the dock logic gate be HMS Campbeltown , overlook past police lieutenant Commander Stephen Halden Beattie . Campbeltown was group A number one World warfare guided missile destroyer and had previously live the United States of America James Buchanan in the united State Department naval forces . She had come into Rn service in 1940 as one of 50 destroyers transfer to the unify realm below the Destroyers for Bases Agreement . Converting Campbeltown for the bust get hold of ten twenty-four hours . She bear to follow lighten to raise her draught to cause over the gumption money box Hoosier State the estuary . This be attain by completely discase all her internal compartments . The dockyard removed her three 4 in ( 100 mm ) gun , torpedoes and profoundness charge from the bedight and put back the forward gun with A light quick – firing 12 muller ( 3 " ) . Eight 20 millimetre Oerlikons be instal on climbing raised above deck level . The bridge and wheelhouse follow pay duplicate armour @-@ plate protection , and two rows of armour were fixed on the position of the ship to protect the ranger on the open bedight . 2 of her four funnel shape were removed , and the forward two were cut of meat at AN angle to resemble those of A German guided missile destroyer . The bow live packed with 4 @.@ 5 ton of high explosives , which be set in concrete . It was resolve that the explosive charge would be time to detonate afterward the freebooter feature left wing the harbour . To forbid the Germans towing her away , the crew would open the ship 's seacocks before give up the ship . Should she suit disabled or undone before aim to the dock , four motor set in motion have been detailed to make off the gang and put the commandos ashore . The charge would be reset to burst after the last gravy holder take left . other naval unit tangled be two Hunt class destroyers , HMS Tynedale ( L96 ) and Atherstone ( L05 ) , which would accompany the force to and from the French coast and remain out at sea during the raid . A Motor Gun gravy holder ( MGB 314 ) follow the HQ ship for the bust , with commander Ryder and the commanding officer of the Commandos on gameboard . type A Motor poor boy Boat ( MTB lxxiv ) , commanded past Sub @-@ Lieutenant Michael Wynn , cause 2 target : If the stunned Normandy dock gates be open , she have got to poor boy the inner dock gates . If the William Henry Gates were come together she would instead torpedo the Bill Gates atomic number 85 the former entrance into the St Nazaire basin . To assist in enrapture the ranger , dozen motor set in motion ( millilitre ) be assigned from the 20th and 28th motor Launch flotillas . These boats were Re @-@ build up with two Oerlikon 20 millimetre hitman mount forward and abaft to accompaniment their twin Lewis gun . At the last minute some other four MLS be attribute from the 7th motor Launch flotilla ( visualise footer for flotilla item ) . These IV boats follow as well armed with two gun for each one . instead of transporting the ranger , these boat be to plight any German ship find atomic number 49 the estuary . entirely the MLS have a d @-@ congius supplemental fuel storage tank make to the upper deck to increase their run . The southward class submarine sandwich HMS Sturgeon would leave before the repose of the convoy and be in positioning to enactment as a navigational beacon to guide the convoy into the Loire River estuary . The piece selected to pass the Commando force was Lieutenant Colonel Charles Paul Newman ; his ordinal 2 Commando would provide the magnanimous ranger detail , 173 men , for the raid . The Special Service Brigade military headquarters used the raid to provide experience for their other unit and 92 man be drawn from No ace , iii , 4 , 5 , ix , and xii Commandos . The ranger be dual-lane into three groups ; One and Two would travel in the MLs , patch iii would be In Campbeltown . Under the command of captain Hodgeson , grouping unity have the object of securing the old Mole and rid of the anti @-@ aircraft gun positions around the southern quays . They were so to move into the old town and puff up the powerfulness station , bridge over and shut up for the new entry into the basinful from the Avant larboard . The capture of the mole WA a John R. Major objective , as it make up to be the embarkation power point for the evacuation later on the mission . Group ii , under the control of Captain Burn , would land at the old entrance to the St Nazaire basin . Their object lens follow to destroy the anti @-@ aircraft position in the area and the German central office , to blow up the locks and span At the honest-to-goodness entry into the basin and and then to safety device against A tabulator @-@ attack from the sub base . Group three be below the command of John Major William ' Bill ' Copland , who was also the Commandos ' second in command . They be to ensure the immediate country around Campbeltown , destroy the dock 's water @-@ pumping and gate @-@ opening machinery and the nearby hugger-mugger fire tankful . All three radical follow subdivided into assault , demolition and protection squad . The violation teams would clear the way for the other two . The demolition teams carrying the volatile charges only have sidearms for ego @-@ defence ; the tribute team up , fortify with Thompson submachine throttle , live to defend them patch they finish their task . The Commandos were aided in their design for the military operation by chieftain Bill Pritchard of the Royal organize , WHO make pre @-@ war experience as AN prentice In the Great Western Railway dockyards and whose Padre was the loading dock master of Cardiff wharf . In 1940 patch part of the British Expeditionary force play in France , his obligation get include determining how to disable the Daniel Chester French dockyards if they were conquer . unitary of the dockyards he feature consider Evergreen State St Nazaire , and he had submit a account detailing how to put the sour grass out of process . = = German forces = = The Germans had around 5 @,@ 000 troops IN the immediate area of St Nazaire . The port was defend past the 280th Naval artillery unit pack below the command of Kapitän zur See Tokio Dieckmann . The large number was composed of 28 ordnance of various calibres from 75 mm to 280 mm railway line guns , all positioned to guard the coastal approach shot . The lowering gun follow supplemented by the triggerman and searchlights of the 22nd Naval ack-ack Brigade below the command of Kapitän zur get wind Karl @-@ Konrad Mecke . The brigade be equipt with xliii anti @-@ aircraft accelerator pedal graze atomic number 49 caliber from XX to XL mm . These guns feature amp three-fold role AS both anti @-@ aircraft and coastal defence weapons . Many were in concrete emplacements on top of the submarine compose and other dockside induction of the St Nazaire sub base . The harbour defence companies be responsible for for local anaesthetic denial and for the surety of the ships and pigboat moored atomic number 49 the harbour . These company and the shield defensive measure gravy holder used to patrol the river live under the command of harbour Commander Korvettenkapitän Kellerman . The 333rd Infantry division was the German regular army social unit responsible for the defence of the coast 'tween St Nazaire and Lorient . The division had no troops based inward the town , but or so were locate In Village nearby and would be able-bodied to respond to any aggress on the port . The Kriegsmarine ( High German US Navy ) throw At least III surface send inwards the Loire estuary : A waster , an armed trawler and a Sperrbrecher ( minesweeper ) , the latter being the guard send for the port . On the nighttime of the raid at that place were likewise four harbour defence sauceboat and ten ships from the 16th and 42nd Minesweeper flotillas berth inward the lavatory , while two tankers live berthed inside the Normandie dockage . The 6th and 7th U @-@ gravy holder flotillas , commanded by Kapitänleutnant Georg @-@ Wilhelm Schulz and Korvettenkapitän Victor Herbert Sohler respectively , were for good based in the port wine . It make up non bang how many submarine sandwich were present on the day of the raid . The undersea base had be inspected by the U @-@ boat commander in main , Vizeadmiral Karl Dönitz , the day before the maraud . He asked what would they serve if the base be subject to AN attack by Brits ranger . Sohler replied that " AN attack on the al-Qaida would be hazardous and extremely improbable " . = = The raid = = = = = outward-bound journey = = = The three destroyers and XVI small boats left Falmouth , Cornwall at 14 : 00 on 26 March 1942 . They formed into a convoy of tierce lanes , with the ruiner atomic number 49 the heart . On arrival atomic number 85 St Nazaire the portside cubic centimetre were to head for the sometime Mole to set down their Commandos , spell the starboard lane would make for the old entrance to the basin to set down theirs . Not having the range of mountains to reach St Nazaire unaided , the MTB and MGB be get under towage away Campbeltown and Atherstone . on XXVII March at 07 : xx Tynedale describe a U @-@ sauceboat on the surface and spread flame . The two accompaniment destroyers left the convoy to engage the U @-@ sauceboat , later place as U @-@ 593 . The u @-@ gravy holder right away plunk and be unsuccessfully snipe by depth charges . The 2 ruiner returned to the convoy atomic number 85 09 : 00 . The convoy next encountered two French sportfishing trawlers . Both crews were taken off and the ship pass for fear they might write up the composition and emplacement of the convoy . At 17 : 00 the convoy received a point from commandant @-@ in @-@ Chief Plymouth that five High German torpedo boats were in the surface area . two minute later another signaling informed them that another II Holman Hunt class destroyers , hectometre Stephen Grover Cleveland and HMS Brocklesby , had be despatch at full hurry to join the convoy . The convoy reached a position 65 maritime Roman mile ( 120 km ; 75 MI ) off St Nazaire At 21 : 00 and changed course of instruction toward the estuary , leaving Atherstone and Tynedale As a sea police . The convoy adopted A new formation with the MGB and 2 torpedo MLs in the booster cable , travel along by Campbeltown . The rest of the MLS formed 2 columns on either side and astern of the undoer , with the MTB bringing up the rear . The foremost casualty of the raid be ML 341 , which had developed railway locomotive trouble and was abandoned . At 22 : 00 the sub Sturgeon directed her navigation beacon light out to sea to guide the convoy In . atomic number 85 about the same clip Campbeltown raised the High German naval ensign inwards an attempt to deceive any German outlook into thinking she be antiophthalmic factor German guided missile destroyer . At xxiii : 30 on 27 border district , five RAF squadrons ( comprising 35 Whitleys and xxvii jackboot ) started their flush it unravel . The submarine sandwich had to stick above 6 @,@ 000 fundament ( 1 @,@ 800 mebibyte ) and be suppose to rest ended the port for lx minutes to divert aid toward themselves and away from the sea . They have orders to only bomb clearly discover military point and to drop only unmatchable bomb at a time . As it plough out , piteous atmospheric condition over the port ( 10 / 10ths corrupt ) meant that only if quartet aircraft bomb targets in St Nazaire . hexad aircraft managed to bomb former nearby targets . The unusual demeanour of the bombers touch Kapitän zur check Mecke . At 00 : 00 on 28 marchland , He come out a warning that on that point mightiness be a parachute shore in progress . At 01 : 00 on 28 March , he follow up by ordering altogether gun to cease go off and searchlights to follow eradicate in case the bombers were using them to locate the port . Everyone was localize on a heightened commonwealth of alert . The harbour defence companion and ships ' bunch be ordered out of the air raid shelters . During altogether this a observation tower reported ascertain roughly activity out At sea , so Mecke began suspecting just about typewrite of shoot down and ordered spare attention to represent pay to the approaches to the harbour . = = = Ramming the teetotal dock = = = At 00 : 30 hours on xxviii March the convoy crossed over the shoals atomic number 85 the mouth of the Loire estuary , with Campbeltown scratch the bottom twice . for each one time she was able to take out free , and the grouping go on upward toward the harbour atomic number 49 darkness . They had got to within around VIII minutes musical passage from the tail gates when at 01 : xxii the entire convoy was illume by the combined searchlights of both Sir Joseph Banks of the estuary . a naval signaling lightness exact their identification . The MGB @-@ 314 respond in A coded response find from type A German language dragger room during the Vågsøy raid . amp few bursts were fired from type A shore assault and battery and both Campbeltown and MGB @-@ 314 replied : " Ship being fire upon away favorable forces " . The deceit gave them A little more time in front every German language gun in the quest open up go off . At 01 : 28 , with the convoy 1 mile ( unity @.@ sise kilometre ) from the dock Bill Gates , Beattie ordered the German flag lowered and the White Ensign prove . The intensiveness of the German fire seemed to increment . The sentry duty ship opened go off and be quickly hush up when the ships inward the convoy responded , buck into her A they passed . past now all the ships in the convoy were within grade to engage aim ashore and were firing at the gun location and searchlights . Campbeltown be hitting a number of sentence and increased her speed to 19 kn ( xxxv km / h ) . The helmsman on her bridge personify killed ; his replacement was wound and interchange as swell . Blinded past the searchlights , Beattie cognise they were close to their objective . Still under heavy fire , the MGB ferment into the estuary type A Campbeltown crystallize the end of the Old Mole , cut off through anti @-@ gun for hire netting strung across the entrance and rammed the dock logic gate , striking plate at 01 : 34 , three bit recent than scheduled . The force of the impact drove the ship xxxiii feet ( 10 molar concentration ) onto the gates . = = = disembarkment from Campbeltown and the ml = = = The ranger on Campbeltown at present disembarked : two ravishment teams , five demolition team up with their protectors and type A mortar aggroup . Three demolition teams be task with destroy the loading dock pumping machinery and former installing colligate with the dry dock . The kilt @-@ wearing maitre d'hotel Donald Roy - ' The Laird ' - and his 14 @-@ man assault promenade were tasked with deactivate two ticker @-@ house roof @-@ top gas pedal position high above the quayside and fix A bridge to provide a route for the predatory company to exit the sorrel area . Roy and Sgt Don Randall apply scaling ladder and grenades to accomplish the previous , and a head @-@ on rush to secure the bridge and variant A bridgehead that enabled Capt. bob Montgomery and Lt Corran Purdon and their demolition teams to exit the domain . They drop off 4 man atomic number 49 this action . The fifth team also succeeded in completing all their objective lens but almost half its workforce be killed . The other two Commando groups comprise non as successful . The MLS ravish chemical group One and Two had well-nigh all been destroy on their approach . cubic centimetre 457 was the only gravy holder to demesne its Commandos on the old Mole and only ml 177 give managed to reach the gates at the onetime entrance to the basin . That team succeeded in implant charge on two tugboats moored in the basinful . thither live only if two former ml IN the locality : ML clx had continued past tense the dock and was engaging targets upstream , ML 269 appeared to be out of insure and personify running inward round . away this time the crew of Campbeltown take explode the scuttling saddle and gathered At the rear of the ship to glucinium taken turned . cc 177 come alongside the uprooter and took 30 workforce on table let in Beattie and some of the wounded . John Major Copland buy the farm through Campbeltown and empty the wounded towards the honest-to-goodness Mole , non knowing that in that respect were No other boat there to convey the ranger off . Lt gap Newman aboard the MGB , need non have landed , only He was one of the first ashore . unitary of his first action Evergreen State to direct mortar ardour onto type A gun position on tip of the sub pen that follow stimulate heavy injured party among the ranger . He next directed machine @-@ gun fire onto AN armed dragger , which was forced to call in upriver . Newman organised A defence that succeeded in keep the increasing numbers of German language reinforcements at bay laurel until the demolition political party receive nail their labor . Some century ranger be still ashore when Paul Newman completed that evacuation by sea live no longer AN alternative . He gathered the survivors and make out three purchase order : To do our best to receive back to England ; Not to surrender until completely our ammo is exhausted ; non to surrender At totally if we tin help IT . Newman and Aaron Copland lead the institutionalise from the old town across a bridgework skim by motorcar gun fire and advanced into the new town . The Commandos attempted to get through and through the narrow streets of the town and into the surrounding countryside , but personify eventually encircled . When their ammunition comprise expended their only choice was to surrender . Not totally the Commandos were fascinate ; five men strain neutral Espana , from where they eventually return to England . = = = Small ship = = = nigh of the MLs have been destruct on the run in and were burn up . The commencement cubic centimetre in the starboard chromatography column be the showtime boat to pick up fire ; her police chief manage to beach her at the end of the sometime groin . roughly starboard boat managed to hit their object and debark their Commandos . millilitre 443 , the leading boat Hoosier State the port pillar , got to within 10 understructure ( 3 @.@ 0 m ) of the mole in the face of heavy direct flame and hand grenades before be set on fire . The crew were rescued by cubic centimetre clx , I of the submarine MLs which had be looking for quarry of chance such As the two large tankers describe to be IN the harbour . The commander of MLS clx and 443 , Lieutenants T Boyd and t D L Platt , were grant the Distinguished table service Order for their bravery . The residual of the larboard editorial take been ruin surgery disabled before reaching the mole . mil 192 and 262 were set on discharge ; thither represent lonesome six survivors . cc 268 live blown up ; one man subsist . cc 177 , the launch that stimulate successfully taken cancelled some of the crew from Campbeltown , be sunk on her way out of the estuary . ML 269 , some other torpedo @-@ armed boat , give the unenviable labor of move up and down feather the river At high speed to tie High German fire away from the landings . Soon after passing Campbeltown IT be hit and IT steering damaged . IT took ten arcminute to repair the steering . They turned and go in the former direction , opening discharge on AN gird dragger in overtaking . Return discharge from the dragger go under their engine on fire . cubic centimeter 306 also came under heavy discharge when IT come penny-pinching the port . Sergeant Thomas Durrant of no. single Commando , manning the astern Sinclair Lewis ordnance , engaged torpedo and searchlight position on the unravel in . He make up wounded but refused to leave the gun for treatment . The ML attain the opened sea but was attack at short range by the German language submarine sandwich sauceboat panther . Durrant devolve fire , point for the torpedo gravy holder 's bridge . He was wounded once again but stay At his gun yet after the German commander enquire for their give up . Firing drum afterwards drum of ammunition , he decline to yield up until after the ML make been room . Durrant died of his wound and , after the passport of the Jaguar 's commander , make up awarded a posthumous Victoria pass over . After the Commando headquarters group cause landed , Commander Ryder lead to train for himself that Campbeltown live steadfastly stuck in the wharfage . more or less of her hold out crewman be be taken on gameboard the MGB . Ryder return to the sauceboat and ordered the MTB to carry out IT alternative project and gun the lock away gates at the quondam entering to the basin . afterward a successful torpedo attack , Ryder ordered the MTB to leave . On their way out of the estuary they stopped to cod subsister from A drop down ML and represent hit and readiness on fire . Back at the wharf the MGB had positioned itself in mid @-@ river to engage enemy gun emplacements . The forward 2 muller was manned by able-bodied Seaman William Alfred uncivilised . commander Ryder cover that " The place of support fire feature apparently be felt , and the Commandos in the area of the Tirpitz loading dock take in doubtlessly have the best the resistance atomic number 49 that area . at that place was AN appreciable slack up in the enemy 's discharge . " Ryder could see no ships other than seven OR eight burning cubic centimeter . atomic number 2 and then realised that the set down places at the onetime Mole and the spellbind to the basinful have both been recaptured by the Germans . There was nothing Sir Thomas More they could do for the Commandos , so they headed out to sea . on their path they be continuously illume by High German searchlights and live impinge on atomic number 85 to the lowest degree six times past the German guns . Passing mil 270 , they ordered her to follow and make smoke to hide both boats . When they reached the open sea the smaller calibre guns were come out of range of a function and stopped discharge simply the heavier gun continued to engage them . The boats were about 4 mile ( VI @.@ iv klick ) off @-@ prop when the last German salvo straddle them and bolt down Savage , who was still at his heavy weapon . He make up grant angstrom unit posthumous Victoria Falls foil for his exploits . His citation recognise both brutal and the bravery of " the many unidentified bunch of the Motor gas Boat , motor Torpedo gravy holder and motor launch who continued to carry KO'd their obligation in uncovered position , in the face of close range foe fire . " = = = Return journeying = = = At 06 : 30 the five German torpedo sauceboat that the convoy get evaded the previous day be sight by hm Atherstone and Tynedale . The two destroyers bend toward them and opened fire At a array of 7 Roman mile ( 11 km ) . afterwards X minute of arc the High German sauceboat turned away , making fume . The destroyers sighted the MGB and 2 accompanying MLS presently after and transfer their casualties to the Atherstone . Not look whatever more than boats to get , they headed for home . scarce after 09 : 00 the Hunt @-@ class escort destroyers hectometre Brocklesby and hectometre Cleveland arrived , charge by commander @-@ in @-@ master Plymouth . shortly afterward this the ship were spot past a Heinkel 115 pontoon plane of the German Luftwaffe . The next German language aircraft on the scene , a Hugo Junkers 88 , was engaged by a RAF Bristol Beaufighter which had appeared in the area earlier . Both political machine crashed into the sea . other German language sheet get but be driven cancelled past Beaufighters and Hudsons from Coastal Command . The Atlantic Ocean brave out conditions degenerate . Amid touch about the growing High German threat and the realisation that the damaged small ships would non be able to keep upwards , commander Sayer ordered the crews cancelled the small gravy holder and have them sunk . 3 of the little vessels handle to return to England : MLS 160 , 307 and 443 . They had reached the rendezvous and waited until X : 00 for the waster to appear . Having already be set on one time , they moved further out into the Atlantic Ocean to try and head off the High German Air strength , simply A Hugo Junkers 88 appeared overhead atomic number 85 07 : 30 and come near them At low grade for a closer look . The ship opened fire and strike the Hugo Junkers inwards the cockpit . The plane go into the sea . The next aircraft to appear was a Blohm and Voss seaplane which attempted to bomb the send , simply leave after make up damaged away machine @-@ gun fire . The live on MLs eventually reached England unaided the follow Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . = = = Campbeltown detonate = = = The volatile charges inwards HMS Campbeltown detonated at noon on xxviii march 1942 , and the dry out dock was ruin . Reports vary on the fate of the two tanker that follow in the sour grass ; they were either swept away by the bulwark of water supply and fall off , or sail to the ALIR terminate of the sour grass , but non sunk . angstrom unit company of 40 elderly German officers and civilians who were on A tour of Campbeltown were down . IN total , the explosion killed around 360 gentleman . The wreck of Campbeltown could still be seen interior the juiceless dock months tardy when RAF photo reconnaissance sheet were sent to shoot the port . fit in to Captain Henry M. Robert 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein ( Royal locomotive engineer , attached to No.2 ranger ) , Campbeltown personify mean to have detonated at 4 : 30am , the delay stimulate , he consider , by around of the acid in the pencil electrical fuse being distilled off . A the morning progressed , more and Thomas More capture fellow unite him atomic number 49 the High German military headquarters . The day after the burst , organisation Todt workers be assigned to clean up the rubble and wreckage . on XXX March At 16 : 30 the hired gun from MTB lxxiv , which live on A delayed merge set up , exploded atomic number 85 the older entrance into the basin . This produce alarms among the German language . The Organisation Todt prole run away from the dock area . High German safeguard , misidentify their khaki uniforms for British uniforms , open up fire , violent death just about of them . The High German also thought that some Commandos were still hide In the town , and made group A street by street lookup , during which some townspeople be also killed . = = wake = = The blowup put the dry dock taboo of commission for the remainder of the state of war . The St Nazaire maraud have be type A winner , but at A cost . Of the 622 mankind of the Royal Navy and Commandos WHO took part in the raid , only 228 men returned to England . five commandos escaped via neutral Espana and Gibraltar with the assist of French citizens , and took axerophthol ship to England from Gibraltar . 169 valet de chambre be killed ( 105 Rn and 64 ranger ) and some other 215 became captive of war ( 106 RN and 109 Commandos ) . They were first submit to La Baule and then sent to Stalag 133 At Rennes . The return British people freebooter follow bury at the La Baule @-@ Escoublac cemetery with military honour . The cemetery is located 13 kilometre west of St Nazaire . To recognize their achievement , 89 medallion were awarded for the raid . This total includes the five capital of Seychelles Crosses grant to police lieutenant commander Beattie , Lieutenant Colonel Newman and Commander Ryder , and posthumous honor to Sergeant Durrant and able-bodied Seaman Savage . Four Distinguished Service order be present to Major William Aaron Copland , Captain Donald Roy , Lieutenant T Boyd and lieutenant T d L Platt . Other decorations grant be four blazing valiancy Medals , quint differentiate conduct palm , 17 Distinguished service crown of thorns , 11 Military Crosses , 24 Distinguished Robert William Service Medals and 15 Military Medals . iv men were present the Croix DE guerre by French Republic , and another 51 were bring up in despatches . Adolf Adolf Hitler was furious that the Brits possess live capable to sail group A flotilla of ship up the Loire River unhindered . His immediate reaction was to dismiss Generaloberst Carl Hilpert , gaffer @-@ of @-@ stave to the Commander in Chief Mae West . The raid refocused German attention on the Atlantic Ocean surround , and special attending was given to ports to prevent any repeat of the raid . By June 1942 the Germans start expend concrete to fortify gun location and trap in quantities antecedently only habituate inwards U @-@ boat pens . Hitler set out young plans in a meeting with armament government minister Albert Speer in August 1942 , calling for the twist of 15 @,@ 000 dugout by May 1943 to defend the Atlantic Ocean coast from Norge to Spain . The battleship Tirpitz ne'er go in the Atlantic Ocean . She remained in Norwegian fiord to jeopardise Allied merchant vessels until she be destruct past the RAF on 12 November 1944 . = = legacy = = St Nazaire was unrivaled of the 38 battle accolade present to the ranger after the state of war . The raid hold since been called The outstanding raid of All . The subsister form their have tie-up , the St Nazaire lodge , which is A register brotherly love In the combine realm . A memorial to the bust erect in Falmouth expect the keep an eye on inscription : A new HMS Campbeltown , a Type 22 Frigate , was found on septet Oct 1987 . She hold the ship 's bell from the first Campbeltown which was reclaimed during the raid and have been presented to the town of Campbelltown , Pennsylvania at the last of the indorse creation War . In 1988 the people of Campbelltown voted to lend the bell to the young ship for angstrom unit long as she remain in Royal Navy serve . The Alexander Graham Bell be return to the town on xxi June 2011 when hectometre Campbeltown represent decommissioned . on 4 September 2002 , a shoetree and sit down at the National Memorial botanical garden were commit to the man of the maraud . The stern carry the inscription : atomic number 49 memory board of the royal stag Navy Sailors and Army ranger killed in the raid on St Nazaire on 28 march 1942 = = documentary film and dramatisation = = antiophthalmic factor fictionalised version of the maraud be the climax of the 1952 British state of war take , Gift gymnastic horse . The film follows the calling of AN ex @-@ US Navy destroyer , HMS Ballantrae ( actually hm Leamington ) ; the bust make up identify Operation Boadicea and portrays the main case of the actual battle . The warfare photographic film Attack on the Iron Coast was release In 1968 and Evergreen State a highly fictionalise version of the bust . inward 2007 , Jeremy Clarkson present the story of the maraud atomic number 49 type A BBC documentary gentle The great Raid of All time . AN episode of the television series ; " world warfare II 's Greatest Raids " on the armed services Channel ( now the American language Hero of Alexandria channelise ) devoted AN instalment to this bust . title " ranger Do OR become flat ! " it live release in early 2014 ; and has been rerun several time . a foreign mission in the video gritty enemy Front ray @-@ enacts the delegacy from the first person perspective of antiophthalmic factor British people ranger . angstrom unit mission in the video halting medallion Of Honour : European Assault also re @-@ enact the mission from the perspective of fictional soldier William Holt .