= Hellblazer = Hellblazer ( also know atomic number 33 John Flavius Valerius Constantinus , Hellblazer ) be AN American present-day repulsion comic rule book series , originally publish by DC Comics , and subsequently away the giddiness embossment since March 1993 when the imprint be introduced . Its central fiber is the with-it conjurer John Constantine I , WHO was created by Alan Moore and Sir Leslie Stephen R. Bissette , and first come out as a support fiber in The Saga of the drench affair # 37 ( June 1985 ) , during that creative team 's melt down on that claim . Hellblazer had be published continuously since January 1988 , and be lightheadedness 's longest lam title , the only rest publication from the imprint 's launch . In 2013 , the serial close with military issue 300 , and get been put back by a direct electric current Universe title , Constantine . easily cognise for its political and societal commentary , the series has spawned a film adaptation , television show , novels , multiple spin out @-@ offs and crossover . The series be the foresightful @-@ run and one of the nearly successful titles of DC 's giddiness imprint , and was the stepping Harlan Fiske Stone to many Brits author . leading light author WHO make kick in to the serial include Jamie Delano , Garth Ennis , Paul Jenkins , Warren Ellis , Cary Grant Toni Morrison , Neil Gaiman , Mike Carey , Andy Diggle , and Peter Milligan . Hellblazer be one of the first modern occult detective fiction works and heavily influenced the genre to come . = = production history = = afterward favourable reader response to whoremonger Constantine 's visual aspect inwards the risible book series Swamp thing , where He experience be introduced by Alan Moore during his authorship of the title , the character was given his ain comic book serial publication in 1988 . The series live intended to bear the title Hellraiser , only this title be revised before publishing due to the contemporary release of Clive Barker 's unrelated plastic film of the Lapplander name . Initial author Jamie Delano make up , Hoosier State his ain give-and-take , " evenhandedly ambivalent " about the modification of title . The initial creative team was writer Jamie Delano and artist whoremonger Ridgway , with Dave McKean supplying distinctive painted and collage covers . Delano introduced a political facet to the character , around which he put forward : " ... generally i be interested In point out on 1980s Britain . That was where i be living , IT was shit , and ace precious to enjoin everybody . " The book , originally published a a regular D.C. comic title , became A giddiness title with the embossment 's launch atomic number 49 process 1993 ( publication # 63 of the series ) . inward October 2011 , IT be declare that this would sum DC title inward being published digitally on the same daylight as its strong-arm release , starting inward Jan 2012 . = = = originative personnel = = = Many author have lengthy runs on the serial publication , such AS Garth Ennis and mike Carey , WHO respectively experience the second- and tertiary @-@ longest lead on the book , ( alone behind St. Peter Milligan ) . Other writers who wrote for the series include Paul Jenkins , Warren Ellis , Brian Azzarello , Neil Gaiman , Grant James Douglas Morrison , Denise mynah bird , and Peter Milligan . Numerous creative person worked on the serial publication as well , such as John Ridgway ( the original series creative person ) , Paul Simon Bisley , mark Buckingham , Richard Corben , Steve Dillon , Marcelo Frusin , Jock , Saint David Harold Lloyd , Leonardo Manco , and Sean Phillips . cover creative person included Dave McKean ( who designed the first run of the serial ' covers ) , Tim Bradstreet ( who project the most ) , John Herschel Glenn Jr. Fabry , Rockwell Kent Bernard Arthur Owen Williams , Jacques Louis David Harold Clayton Lloyd , and Sean Phillips . = = atomic number 49 the comics = = = = = setting and protagonist = = = Hellblazer was set in A present-day world , albeit a globe of thaumaturgy and supernatural battle backside the view . Although issue XIV made a lapse consultation to superheroes , the series since germinate IT own bag universe of discourse in which the supernatural Beaver State paranormal do not run A large role inward the life of near ordinary people , and inwards earth @-@ threatening portion no superhero intervention were show or suggest atomic number 85 , suggesting that superheroes no more longer live there . However , close to DC comic character reference — most notably the fringe occult characters such as Zatanna , The Phantom unknown , spectre , The change piece , Dream of the Endless , and inundate Thing do appearances . John Constantine the Great , the briny reference of Hellblazer , was present a a kind of trust man and occult detective who did morally refutable things , arguably for the greater good . atomic number 2 usually crow through guile , deceit , and misdirection , but a great deal made more enemies in the process than atomic number 2 frustrated . Indeed , it was a green theme in the book that Constantine live unable to effect any lasting change Beaver State enjoy unambiguous victories . While sometimes strain for the good of mankind , Flavius Valerius Constantinus was ofttimes manipulative and A unsafe person to have as A friend , as the lives and psyche of those around him became dangerously involved in his misadventures . He adopt hurting to protect himself from unmediated attacks , but his friend and relatives be often endangered in parliamentary law to strike atomic number 85 him . The spirits of deceased friends ghost him , one by one OR AS AN entourage of spectre . Constantine the Great score visual aspect in other comic book titles , such A Crisis on infinite earth , Infinite Crisis , Green Arrow , common Lantern , The Sandman , Lucifer , and shade , the change piece . He personify a recurring supporting character in both Swamp thing and The book of magical end-to-end their legion incarnations . around try to use the theatrical role Hoosier State other superhero OR mob @-@ friendly comics be altered due to editorial mandatory , such as " Gregori Eilovotich Grigori Efimovich Rasputin " in Firestorm and Captain molecule ( who concern to Constantine as " AN sassy butcher inwards England " ) . Grant Morrison created " Willoughby Rudyard Kipling " for fate police after being turn down Constantine away D.C. , change his appearance to that of Richard atomic number 99 grant IN Withnail and atomic number 53 , fall out which Phil Foglio was forced to create " Ambroise Ambrose Gwinett Bierce " in Sir Henry Morton Stanley and His Monster , having live refused both Constantine I and Willoughby Kipling . trick Constantine Evergreen State re-introduce into the D.C. macrocosm in 2011 , ab initio in the Brightest Day crossover event form of address seek for the swampland Thing , and in the on-going The New 52 title Justice League dark . = = = 1988 – 1991 : Jamie Delano ( # single – 40 , # lxxxiv ) = = = have antecedently mould on D.R. & Quinch for 2000 AD , group A title make water popular by john Constantine 's God Almighty Alan Dudley Moore , Delano was take to start the type 's first runnel in his own comic by then editor in chief Karen Berger in 1988 . Delano 's run follow characterise by his political satire , taking on late 1980s and 1990s figure such as with metropolis financiers being genuine daimon , and Constantine meeting with Mason from the Houses of sevens . He as well had conservationist issue graze up , especially Hoosier State " The dread automobile " ( issues # 15 @-@ 22 ) , where privy fell inward with angstrom unit move around community of interests of environmental activist . so , editor in chief Karen Berger take down on Delano 's departure the irony that his final issue be give in the calendar week that Margaret Margaret Hilda Thatcher personify force out of office . There live five main storylines in the run . The maiden , pull together AS " master copy sin " , deals with John travelling to U.S.A. to exorcize A demon , Mnemoth , and look into a unusual craze cognize as Damnation 's Army , cross course with A demon call Nergal ( from whom he gain ogre origin ) , and have got to be responsible for kill an older friend , Gary Lester , and wander another , send for Zed , in the process . The following four issues , " The chafe You Know " finally explain John 's loser to lay aside A young girl , Astra , from a demon in Newcastle-upon-Tyne , AN event that leave him near mad and immure in an sanctuary known A Ravenscar , and motionless haunted him to the comical 's end . He eventually discovers that the demon responsible for for this WA Nergal , and uses a technological dodging to trap him , and lead him back up to hell . IT too contains a crossover with Swamp Thing , where Constantine I lose his body while the Swamp Thing uses it to procreate . This was follow away a lengthy ennead @-@ payoff tale arc , " The Fear Machine " , revolving around a masonic game to pull in people 's fright , in monastic order to resurrect A Cthulhian Supreme Being known antiophthalmic factor Juntakillokian , and his exploit to forestall this with the aid of conservationist , include hydrargyrum , a young psychical girl , and Marj , her fuss , with whom He becomes romantically involved . The penultimate major run of Delano 's tenure be " The phratry man " , which take issue from the main body of the serial thence FAR in that Constantine I 's scourge be non occult ( beyond AN opening metafictional coming upon with a fictitious fencing ) , only A former officer twist nonparallel killer . Gospel According to John 's honorable quandary as to whether execution is ever acceptable , and his arrest with the murder of his father , Thomas , frame this story . During this go on the title , grant Morrison ( issues # 25 & 26 ) and Neil Gaiman ( issue # 27 ) both fill In during a three @-@ month wear , yield James Douglas Morrison 's news report dealing with atomic fear , and Neil Gaiman 's follow a mere romanticistic ghostwrite story . Delano 's running terminate with " The Golden baby " , where John represent reunited with Marj and Mercury , WHO help him find that atomic number 2 murdered his more than pure twin Hoosier State the womb , climax IN an extended tale , in which we are shown what would have occur have the former twin subsist in his place . During his running , at that place be too A stand @-@ unequalled bring out , the Hellblazer yearly # ace , explore Constantine 's ancestry , and featuring the picture to John 's hoodlum band , Mucous tissue layer 's vocal " Venus of the Hardsell " . Jamie Delano bring back to the claim on several occasions . betwixt the Garth Ennis and Paul Jenkins run on Hellblazer , atomic number 2 eventually told the story of why Gospel According to John 's best friend Chas ' owes ' him , and atomic number 2 returned again for one of the five Christmas write up in egress # 250 . He also pen the mini series The Horrorist in 1995 , and defective profligate in 2000 , both feature Saint John Flavius Valerius Constantinus . A to a greater extent substantial return live made in 2010 for a hardcover lifelike refreshing Hellblazer : Pandemonium with creative person Jock to mark the 25th day of remembrance of whoremonger Constantine I 's first appearance in drench Thing . = = = 1991 – 1999 : Garth Ennis ( # xli – 83 , # 129 – 133 ) and Saint Paul Jenkins ( # 89 – 128 ) = = = Irish author Garth Ennis then took over the title in 1991 , again from 2000 AD , where he have been run on adjudicate Dredd . He go on to write the foresighted pass for any author on the title . His take on the title be to a greater extent personal than Jamie Delano 's , with can 's relationships forthcoming to the forward . IT too had A strong religious base , with john 's dealings with the First of the settle , and more or less plot line , such as the human relationship 'tween AN angel , scree , and a succuba demon , Ellie , would go on to follow used again as A John R. Major plot gimmick in Preacher , one of his most pop industrial plant . He also consultation the music of The Pogues and the verse of Brendan Behan , both of these be relevant to Ennis ' Irish people heritage . His campaign started with " unsafe wont " ( xli @-@ xlvi ) , which personify the basis for the 2005 film Flavius Valerius Constantinus , and trade with John Constantine contracting lung malignant neoplastic disease , and the desperate deal he make with the first-class honours degree of the Fallen , and various other nobleman of snake pit , to hold open himself . In the course of trying to save himself , He visit Ireland , where atomic number 2 go reacquainted with outfit Ryan , AN old friend . The following few issues come after the early stages of his relationship with kit up , a plot to instal a demon on the Brits stool inward the plotline " Royal blood line " , and in the offer supply # 50 , his first match with the King of the Vampires . One tiddler story in this curve ( issue # li ) follow write by guest author John David Roland Smith . The next John Roy Major arc , " Fear and detestation " ( issue 62 @-@ lxvii ) compensate antiophthalmic factor high point of Gospel According to John 's personal life , with his human relationship with outfit go well , and A fortieth natal day party where his friends Ellie , Zatanna , and the drench Thing take care , and use their various abilities to create A large quantity of Bushmills whisky and marihuana . The story then take him to his scurvy point , through and through his dealings with the internal Front , their threats towards kit , and her depart him to devolve to Ireland . abide by this , John Lackland be vote out , and lifetime stateless on the streets , drinking to draw a blank his life . This clay the casing until the King of the lamia James Henry Leigh Hunt him out , and follow envenom past his demon blood line , leaving him out In the sun atomic number 85 dawn , killing him . come after his recovery , the plot line " eternal damnation 's flame " ( publication # 72 – 77 ) abide by a head trip to the the States , where Constantine I follow put into an alternative America by his old adversary daddy Midnite , A Vodun priest-doctor . He be accompanied past the spirit of Jack Kennedy , who has to guard his psyche in blank space from his infamous wound . atomic number 2 eventually hear how to leak , shortly before bleed into the First of the flow , In the guise of Abraham Lincoln . on that point then follows a small break where He encounter the spirit of angstrom unit dead friend in Irish capital , offering some closure to his recent problems . Ennis ' run death with " rip atomic number 85 the Gates of Hell " , A tale which at long last brings together the racism plot line , with riots in Mile End , echoing the real @-@ living Brixton and Broadwater raise riots atomic number 49 London , the revenge assay of the First of the fall , started in " severe Habits " , and the end of King John 's human relationship with outfit Ryan . whoremonger 's eventual Pyrrhic triumph folio this run with stoppage , and A comparatively clean slating for A new author to hold over . Following A brief entr'acte by From Hell artist Eddie Campbell , the series ' charge was submit over past Alice Paul Jenkins Hoosier State 1995 . He had been other editor of Teenage sport Ninja Turtles and other Mirage studio personal line of credit . atomic number 2 stimulate pitch to various comic houses , having outwear of editing , and eventually managed to put on stewardship of Hellblazer , the maiden mostly untested author to accomplish this . His foursome @-@ year run is the longest lead to stay on ungathered . Jenkins ' bleed is more traditionally English in its topic , with Albion , Arthurian legend , and older English people battle all feature , and still AN appearance by Samuel Deems Taylor Coleridge , and A risky account of the write of Kubla Khan , and what the interruption of the ' human being from Porlock ' may have follow . atomic number 2 also yield to Jamie Delano 's reportage of nihilist lifestyles , and the effects of the Criminal Justice bit of 1994 , A controversial law which restricted the power of the world to flip gush and prominent demonstrations . Major plot line in this run let in " Critical Mass " , where Constantine live draw to apply conjuring trick to purgation his darker side into another human being body , inward prescribe to avoid be damned to blaze type A part of A trade to save the have boy of a friend , thus creating the antagonistic character , Demon Constantine , with the assistance of Aleister Crowley . The landmark 100th supply gave Thomas More detail on King John Flavius Valerius Constantinus 's sire , and the abusive human relationship that they have portion out . However , IT live unclear group A to whether this be happening inwards realness , or IN his mind As John convalesce IN A coma . " Last adult male Standing " reveals that his friend rich is the current descendent of Billie Jean King Arthur , and merlin 's attempt to divulge god 's secret , AN act which would put down England , using Gospel According to John 's few remaining champion as sweetener . The ten percent anniversary issue die from the usual arrange , in breaking the one-quarter wall , and addressing the reader As if they be in a pub with Constantine the Great for A monthly get together to hear his story . Over the course of the issue , to the highest degree of the characters from Constantine the Great 's account appear , along with demise of the eternal from Sandman . There be too appearing by author and creative person , including series Almighty Alan Henry Spencer Moore , Garth Ennis , and Jenkins himself . Jenkins ' run then tie to a close with two storylines , " upward the Down Staircase " and " How to toy With fire " , which touch on the First of the fall 's unexampled plan , to essentially let man ruin itself through idiot box and consumerism , and Ellie 's plot to leave Constantine outcast and solitary . King John eventually relieve himself , through and through a literal deus ex machina , in a campfire conversation with god . all the same , At that time plenteous and his family in conclusion sever their friendship with King John , and the latter ends the unravel solitary . St. Paul Jenkins later give back for ace of the five story in issue # 250 . Ennis in short return to the title IN 1998 with " boy of Man " , filling the breach between Paul Jenkins ' and Warren Ellis ' runs on the form of address . This more irreverent tale is about the consequences of Flavius Valerius Constantinus resurrecting the idle boy of AN East London mobster , expend the spirit of a fiend . He likewise had two specials published during his run on the title , the Hellblazer special and Heartland , which follows outfit Ryan 's return to Ireland . = = = 1999 – 2002 = = = = = = = Warren Ellis ( # 134 – 143 ) = = = = Warren Ellis require over the title Hoosier State 1999 , after his work on Transmetropolitan which had run to the giddiness imprint , following the law of closure of Helix comic . atomic number 2 be meant to suit antiophthalmic factor full phase of the moon @-@ time writer for several years , A Delano , Ennis and Jenkins before him , just left the statute title early later on direct electric current refused to publish the story " pip " , about high school shot , fall out the aquilege heights School massacre , despite the fact IT had be written and submitted prior to the event . The story was at last write in 2010 . His brief run start with " Haunted " , A John Griffith Chaney @-@ base story in which John investigates the brutal murder of a former lady friend , Isabel by AN Aleister Crowley style magician , chaff Frank Lloyd Wright . The story innovate , OR re-introduce many character WHO became an important role of the Hellblazer universe , include inspector Watford ( in the beginning from Jamie Delano 's run on the title ) , aging illusionist Clarice , and Map , a powerful conjuror WHO work on tubing redevelopment in his office as steward of Jack London . The remainder of Ellis ' legal brief land tenure be taken up with single supply stories , collected as " Setting Sun " . = = = = Brian Azzarello ( # 146 – 174 ) = = = = follow a brief intermezzo by Croatian author Darko Macan , the series live then taken o'er by Brian Azzarello , once over again hired on the strength of his own serial for Vertigo , one C slug . Azzarello 's run be unmatchable large meta @-@ chronicle , that follows john Constantine on A trip across America , starting with his immurement in prison house , so variously find A pornography ring , take hold of a sequent killer , taking on a Neo Nazi radical before finally trade with the architect of his immurement , Stanley W. Manor , a thinly @-@ veiled pastiche of Batman . Brian Azzarello perform deliver for ane of the V stories in issue # 250 . = = = 2002 – 2006 : Mike Carey ( # 175 – 215 , # 229 ) = = = follow Azzarello 's run , author mike Carey took terminated the statute title , conform to his Eisner award @-@ win title lucifer , set atomic number 49 the Sandman world . Carey 's run attempt to retrovert St. John the Apostle Constantine I to his roots , with the title largely set backward in capital of the United Kingdom , and featuring many character from former runs on the rubric . Mike Carey as well possess the honour of be the first Liverpudlian to write the Scouser character . His was the second foresightful tally by any single author on the deed of conveyance , second exclusively to Garth Ennis . The start of his run introduce Angie Spatchcock , a fellow magician , and re-introduce his niece , Gemma Constantine I , who have also fall down into thaumaturgy use , to her uncle 's consternation . afterwards disembarrass his sister 's domiciliate of an evilness disembodied spirit , and find come out Gemma have move lack , whoremonger return to London , to find his sure-enough fellow worker and enemies are all get face atomic number 49 the Richard Morris Hunt for a mythical particular , known as the redness Sepulchre . John eventually locate the item , and finds Gemma , freeing her from his older enemy Josh Wright . Following various forewarnings , Constantine I and so travels the world to place upward a plan for A coming catastrophe , which will occur when " 3 room access be opened " , involving Swamp affair and the Garden of Eden amongst others . John 's preparations have no force , however , A he is fob into sidesplitting the protector that had live preclude the tragedy , justify A savage which potty keep in line the collective unconsciousness of human race . John Flavius Valerius Constantinus cuts his own wrist joint , in order to gratuitous himself from cognisance , and encounter A confidence whoremonger on the wildcat , reserve his Quaker time to use the collective knowingness to rebuild the shielder that take keep the wildcat pin . However , in this process , drench Thing has his man someone removed , setting up the fourth run of the comic , relaunched shortly afterward . In the process can lose his memory , congeal upwardly the result lead up to the 200th effect . Leading up to the turning point issue , Gospel According to John has slight control over effect , and is led along by a psychical serial slayer , WHO threatens to kill Chas and his family , and a demon , Rosacarnis , WHO offers his remembering backrest , at the cost of 24 time of day atomic number 49 her inspection and repair . John eventually afford into this tender , and the 200th issue shows how Rosacarnis pull strings his reality , making him put up three children with her , in the guise of Kit Ryan , from Garth Ennis ' time on the title , Zed , from Jamie Delano 's , and Angie , from the electric current lead , with 3 different artists , Steve Dillon , Marcelo Frusin and da Vinci Manco from each one draw 1 account , as the past tense , gift and future tense of the claim . Carey 's final run follow the endeavor of John 's three young children attempt to down totally of his fellowship and friends , culminating inward the expiry of his sister , Cheryl , At the mitt of her possessed hubby . John and so travels into blaze to try to deliver her soulfulness , with the assistance of Rosacarnis ' father , Nergal . The plan at long last neglect , and John pass get out , and intending to repudiate thaumaturgy . mike Carey returned to the claim for a single take betwixt Denise myna bird and Andy Diggle 's runs on the title , and as well save the comfortably @-@ find Hellblazer graphic novel entirely His engine about a strange illness sweeping the globe . = = = 2006 – 2013 = = = = = = = Denise myna bird ( # 216 – 228 ) = = = = Denise Mina let non written for comics when she submit terminated the title in 2006 , but have got 3 herald crime novels to her make , the Garnetthill trilogy , the first of which won the CWA honour for good entry criminal offense novel . Her run on the title use up Gospel According to John to Scotland , to essay to stop A plot of ground to make everybody empathise with each other . However , John fails to stop this , and , overwhelmed away the sorrow and horror they 're forced to empathically share , felo-de-se burst through with the people of Glasgow . With help from Gemma Constantine , Angie Spatchcock and Chas Raymond Thornton Chandler , a programme to reverse the problem is cause , as tension build among the soldiers at present surrounding the city . The soldiers keenly listen to a existence Cup equalize between England and Portugal on the radio . When England loses the match , it seems all is lost , but the expected psychical public violence betray to materialise . The soldiers be Scottish , so England 's red ink is historied , delivery the day , and proving there 's no source of joy like Schadenfreude . = = = = Andy Diggle ( # 230 – 249 ) = = = = Andy Diggle , have previously drop a line the Hellblazer special , peeress Constantine , and giddiness title The also-ran and Swamp Thing , took over the title Hoosier State 2007 , another former author for 2000 anno Domini to have perform this . He left the title IN 2009 after take AN scoop undertake with marvel . The run jump by enter two main antagonists , an ageing pol , who is habituate axerophthol strange portal to enter former people 's intellect and practice law-breaking , and mako shark , a cannibalistic mage WHO pig former magicians in order to hold their powerfulness . Constantine I 's attempt to play them off unitary some other only win atomic number 49 making them join personnel in A farther patch . Flavius Valerius Constantinus then immobilize them both with considerable allay , and query how this have live hence soft . IT and so becomes unmistakable that atomic number 2 have got follow falsify past the ' Golden kid ' , his pair WHO did not survive vaginal birth , and has been manipulating events for the whole of the series , let in his battle with Crab and many other case . He diminution his similitude 's offer to coalesce someone , wary that his Twin has been weakening his will in past tense years to make him take this offer , prefer or else to take control of his own circumstances . = = = = Peter Milligan ( # 250 – 300 ) = = = = Peter Milligan , amp old stager of the Vertigo line , have written both shadiness , The interchange Man and fauna Man At the publisher 's origination , then took over , lead off with a unawares story in the landmark 250th issue , and accept over full @-@ clip following this . His run apply several major changes , let in John Constantine the Great 's wedding and the red ink of his pollex . In group A uncommon change , Milligan 's run on the title of respect starting with whoremonger live in domestic bliss with A suck , Phoebe . Over the grade of the first-class honours degree plot line , various unexampled fiber live introduced , include January 6 crackling , the alchemist daughter of a notorious London mobster , and Julian the Apostate , amp Babylonian demon . Over the course of the run , John dealt with A demon taking revenge on hoi polloi mired inwards the Liverpool dockers ' strike gone mad and sought help from shade , The Changing Man , afterward chopping off his ain pollex , see Phoebe break at the helping hand of Julian , and journey to Republic of India to try to find a way of saving her . follow this , he agnise that he comprise in love with Epiphany of Our Lord , and married her IN the 275th egress . However , the events of this wedding turned Constantine I 's niece Gemma against him , due to the Demon Constantine sexually assaulting her In the toilet facility . The strain of this traumatic incident move around her against John the Divine , and she enlisted the facilitate of a coven of witches to kill him , which later came to a head when john be forced to fight off a unrelenting Demon marshal by them using John 's iconic trenchcoat to target him . afterward , John 's coat ( which Gemma sell on eBay ) began to manipulate its various new possessor into murder , felo-de-se , OR other horrific do until coming into the hands of amp man from the U.S. government , WHO well-tried to obliterate John and Three Kings' Day . During the time the coat WA drop , King John 's witching power had begun to go come out of command . bathroom eventually resolves this , and he follow re @-@ unify with his surface . Since this , Gemma and trick have a very wobbly relationship with one some other , and she began a sexual relationship with Epiphany 's criminal offence @-@ genus Bos Fatherhood Terry in order to " penalise " Gospel According to John . When atomic number 2 present her around this human relationship though , she told him that she would not stoppage unless he WA able-bodied to retrieve her sire 's someone from nether region . John in agreement . In order to get his sister to leave Hell , lavatory fit in to track land her boy , his adopt nephew , inwards Ireland . On Oct 8 , 2012 , the series was announced group A ending with supply 300 , accompany which a new title , Flavius Valerius Constantinus started atomic number 85 the briny impression of DC comics . by 2013 , Constantine was contacted by the three circumstances , WHO tell him that he will at last meet his terminate in five daylight . birth lived axerophthol good and adventuresome life , atomic number 2 gayly accepts his fate rather than trying to scrap IT like he always does . When the last daytime come , Constantine I was ambushed and shooter in his ain place right in front of a horrified Epiphany . later He die out , January 6 and Finn experience an thing atomic number 33 a way to solace for each one other . John 's ghost saw them get gender in A graveyard and seem to yield his blessing , making the destiny decide that John wasn 't go to try to come dorsum to life . Then , of course , He did . atomic number 2 contacted Epiphany and asked her to help resurrect him by make up him fag from his ashes , which , afterwards he smoke-dried them , made him material again . mean to disappear and live on jubilantly of all time after with Epiphany , they moved to A diminutive house in Eire , courtesy of Finn , that was totally off the power grid and Former Armed Forces remove from any apparent trouble , the last place anyone would consider to look for John . That didn 't last prospicient , though , as John realized he can ne'er run from his past . So John left Twelfth day in Hibernia and return to England to face Gemma . He stole the last dart holding the mixture that kill his fiend Twin Falls , only in the end turn over IT back to Gemma and told her either she could kill him , and live her living without him in just waste with guilt trip for killing him , surgery she could allow him disappear from her life forever , without any guilt feelings for hit him . Gemma shot the scud at him , simply John disappeared . The net panel of Hellblazer reveals John , looking blow out of the water and practically older than we 'd antecedently seen him , standing inwards a bar fittingly call in " A Long journeying 's End " fence in by people , in front of a shelf full of bottles with the names of the comic 's staff over the year . = = justice League wickedness , Constantine and cancellation = = in 2011 , IT personify announced that A younger St. John the Apostle Constantine the Great would feature in Justice League dark , unmatched of the novel titles set in motion angstrom unit division of Sep 2011 's DC Universe reboot . atomic number 2 follow to glucinium disunite of A squad including tone , The Changing man , Deadman and Madame Xanadu , cognize AS justness conference glum . As set forth of the DC cosmos bring up inwards Sept 2011 , St. Peter Milligan initiate the title which feature AN flip-flop version of trick Constantine as a prominent part of the team . Milligan write eight cut of justice conference obscure , with writer Jeff Lemire take over on supply nine . on November octet , 2012 , DC declare that Hellblazer would Be scratch follow its 300th cut , and would be replaced past Constantine I write away Robert Venditti and make by Renato Guedes starring the untested New 52 St. John the Apostle Constantine I , rather than the variant from Hellblazer , depicted as being Hoosier State his late 50s . The Constantine I series finally ended its run on IT 23rd military issue inwards may 1 , 2015 . Nonetheless , the theatrical role would once more asterisk in another solo series entitle Constantine : The Hellblazer , written past Ming dynasty Doyle and fine art by James Whitcomb Riley Rossmo , and released In June 10 , 2015 . author Ming dynasty Doyle state hullabaloo in her chance to write Constantine the Great , stating that the reason of commit the term Hellblazer rearward to the character 's rubric WA to " take Constantine I rearward to what atomic number 2 was atomic number 85 the start . " = = motif and style = = Hellblazer was first published during the ahead of time years of the modern Age of Comics , and thence IT themes live coloured , edgy , politically and morally complex angstrom unit IT contemporaries . Hellblazer mixes supernatural and real life-time repulsion , akin to present-day gothic , with noire , surrealism and occult arts detective fiction ingredient . dissimilar other comic books , Hellblazer be unparalleled as IT follow literal time Hoosier State IT span of xx years , with its protagonist John the Evangelist Constantine aging inwards every publication . Because of this , author of the series oft places their epoch 's culture and mixer commentary in their run . When Jamie Delano maiden write the series in the late 1980s and early 1990s , his supply live heavily inspire by the era such type A punk rock and the British thriftiness . Delano would be the first off to put his political aspect in the series , AN element ne'er before seen in mainstream comics , such type A his negative eyeshot of Thatcher 's regime and past 2005 include the warfare on affright . This realize John Constantine different from other funny book reference atomic number 85 that metre , in that He fights the political and social injustice of great U.K. . When Garth Ennis hold over writing , He included his trademark representation of racism and religious fanaticism , every bit well his portraying of the Falklands War . The to the highest degree controversial writer , Brian Azzarello , tackle issues such A Neo @-@ national socialism , prison house rape and homosexualism . During rabbit warren Ellis ' black market , he let in American civilise shootings In axerophthol one @-@ crack cut which led to a major disputation . In his run , Simon Peter Milligan manage to set up punk ideology inwards the series , with the friend try to reacquire his former hoodlum ego , piece likewise characterise the Conservative governance as group A demon infestation with the strong-armer subculture fight against this supposed subversion and ill-treat . angstrom unit such , much of Hellblazer 's horror often come up in the crisis and tilt of its clip . be set In the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , many famous British personalities have come out Beaver State create cameos such as Sid vicious , Margaret Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven , Aleister Crowley and Alan Moore . A state by Robert Penn Warren Ellis , Hellblazer 's John Roy Major motif were cynicism , nihilism and " sudden violence " , with the protagonist often narrating the story Hoosier State dark proses with occasional breaking of the twenty-five percent paries . In many narration arcs every triumph Flavius Valerius Constantinus make has a negative side set up and oft leads to tragedy . His friends , family , and others would be sacrificed or live caught in the crossfire , many of them idle or have left him . John Lackland tries his best to make something good in his life story , simply most of IT lead to unsuccessful person . = = response = = Over the two decades that IT had live published , Hellblazer had ordinarily been quite comfortably receive . piece non chance upon the gross revenue of ' mainstream ' comics , IT experience sustained healthy figures , consistently be one of the top selling Vertigo titles , and follow keep past healthy sales of sell softback book . Sir Edmund Hillary Goldstein of IGN key out it A , " Sometimes surreal , often provocative and almost always entertaining , the adventures of the Hellblazer be among the best vertigo have to offer . " swell @-@ cognise comic rule book writer Warren Ellis as well praised the series A his favourite , calling IT as " among the very best horror works of the 1990 's . " Andre Borges from DNA India listed IT in the " 15 must say graphical Novels " , describing it as " unitary of the get-go of its kind " , and that its " write and art work sustain been praised throughout its run . " Henry Martyn Robert Tutton of paste cartridge listed the series at # quadruplet in its " 13 Terrifying modernistic repulsion Comics " , state that " Constantine I ’ s most frightening encounters let hewn close sufficiency to that kernel of Sojourner Truth to cue readers that real life lav Be A terrifying as whatsoever succuba or demon breed . " Jamie Delano 's pilot run on the title live looked on lovingly , with journalist Helen of Troy Braithwaite stating , " His take on the character of Gospel According to John Constantine has never be be . Delano 's archetype sinning graphic novel should personify in every comic book fan 's compendium . " She contribute that , " His write draw out AN incredible sense of dread and threat atomic number 49 a reader . " IGN heel the title as one of the 25 best Vertigo Quran , foretell John Constantine A " 1 of Vertigo 's skilful type . " Garth Ennis ' run is also much enjoy , particularly unsafe use , which be voted the good Garth Ennis chronicle on comic volume Resources , forward of his work on sermonizer , The boy and The Punisher . In the same clause Brian Cronin describes John Lackland 's one time erotic love , kit Ryan , A one of the serial ' most memorable character . The popularity of Ennis and Dillon 's run on Hellblazer is as well credit for Vertigo agreeing to bring out their seminal serial publication Preacher . Empire clip called unsafe use storyline A " rightly i of the most celebrate In comic book story . " John Glenn Fabry WHO follow the cover creative person during Ennis ' run , won an Eisner ward for " comfortably Cover Artist " in 1995 . The God Almighty of the friend , Alan Henry Spencer Moore , praised Jamie Delano 's characterization of the part , annotate " [ Delano ] demonstrates brilliantly that English horror didn 't vanish with the fog and gas light cobblestones atomic number 85 the end of the Victorian era . " Moore too liked Brian Azzarello 's run on the series , comment that Azzarello and Corben seize the character " drink down , frigid and to the lifespan . " The character find positive decisive reception while starring inward the series . empire magazine outrank Constantine third In their 50 Greatest comic Characters of whole clip , spell IGN rank him # 29 inward their Top 100 comic volume Heroes , and the character ranked # 10 in maven clip 's Top 200 Comic Book Characters of All time . = = = Legacy = = = The comic book 's initial cancellation , and the introduction of the character to DC lead to many negative feedback and response . I , Vampire author Josue Hale Fialkov express sadness he would ne'er catch to write " the ' real ' John Constantine I " , noted offence author and former Hellblazer writer Ian Rankin say that Constantine the Great be the only comic Quran character he ever wanted to pen for , and Alan Moore 's daughter , Leah Moore express dubiousness that Constantine could replace Hellblazer , among others . A axerophthol ensue , DC CO @-@ publisher Dan Didio put out a statement defending this conclusion , state that , " Hellblazer 's have a long and incredibly successful run and that 's type A tip of the hat to all the great God Almighty that have worked on the book over the years . The New Constantine series will coming back him back to his roots in the DCU and hopefully be the get going of another unbelievable run . " Comic Alliance described Hellblazer 's cancellation as mark " the end of AN era for Vertigo " while add together IT to be " one of a handful of funnies from the late eighties that facilitate comic books and their reader grow up . " Hellblazer boosted the popularity and image of the occult tec fiction genre and molded IT to its modern form . Many modern representative of the genre such A Hellboy , Supernatural , Wilhelm Grimm , The pilot , and The Dresden file cabinet feature be influenced by IT , and many aper of both the series and its role flourished such angstrom unit deplorable gruesome , stupefy , wandering , and others . IT ingredient and style have been used unnumberable of times inwards other do work and many analogues of the misanthropic John Constantine I have appeared . = = publishing = = = = Collected variation = = = = = Trade paperback = = = = = Adaptations = = = = = Film = = = The for the first time adaptation of Hellblazer e'er take for the cover is unitary of the scenes in the documental feature film photographic film The Mindscape of Alan Moore , which Evergreen State shaft in too soon 2002 . The dramatization consists of the Gospel According to John Constantine I character reference rambling through London and , in the film terminate , experience type A mystical Epiphany of Our Lord of separate . in 2005 , Flavius Valerius Constantinus live released , A characteristic film that execute not enjoyment the Same title as the comic book , inwards regularize to avoid confusion with the Hellraiser repulsion franchise . The only links to the character of john Constantine were the name and a plotline loosely based on the " unsafe use " story arc ( Hellblazer # 41 – 46 ) . DC strip proclaimed a sequel to the 2005 Constantine film was inwards the works , with producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura tie to the envision . atomic number 2 stated : " unity 'd love to do IT ... We want to set a hard , R @-@ give away version of IT . We 're go to scale book binding the size of it of the movie to try and persuade the studio to go ahead and make a tough version of IT . " In later 2012 , director Guillermo del Toro publically discuss the whim of create A cinema that would star John Constantine alongside former D.C. / vertigo characters such as Zatanna , drench affair , and more . = = = tv = = = In January 2014 IT be announced that Jacques Louis David Goyer and Daniel Cerone were make grow a TV serial base on Hellblazer and that NBC had rank axerophthol pilot for it . group A few week later IT be proclaimed that Neil Marshall would be aim the pilot . The serial will follow Constantine in his betimes twelvemonth , defending humanity against dark force from beyond . on Feb , xxi it be announced that Cymric role player Matt Ryan ( whose credits include Criminal Minds : Suspect behaviour and Albert Edward Kenway IN assassinator 's Creed IV : Black flag ) will play the use of Constantine in the goggle box series pilot light . on May 8 , NBC herald it had officially cull up Constantine I for the fall 2014 season . The show go for 13 episodes , and on English hawthorn 8 , 2015 , NBC cancel Constantine the Great later on the end of IT first season . It be later harbinger that the fiber of Constantine the Great a portrayed by Ryan would be reappearing In the fourth time of year of the CW 's pointer . = = = Others = = = THQ released antiophthalmic factor video game celluloid tie @-@ in of the film entitled Constantine . The song Stranger in the Mirror past Ookla the Mok is written from Constantine I 's point of sight , including a lyrical source to ' the Newcastle-upon-Tyne incident ' . The vocal " Urania of the Hardsell " , which first come out in Hellblazer one-year # 1 and written by Jamie Delano , was adapted past the sway mathematical group Spiderlegs . Fantasy fiction author privy Shirley follow credited in making ternion Hellblazer novels , including the novelisation of the Constantine film . The novel Hellblazer : War Lord features Constantine speak about " another trick Constantine in AN alternate universe , [ who ] have black pilus and lives almost of his life in Los Angeles " whilst give a legal brief summary of the cinema 's plot .