= Curtis Woodhouse = William Curtis Woodhouse ( born xvii Apr 1980 ) is an English people former professional footballer turned professional boxer and football game manager . Most latterly managing director of Hull unite , Woodhouse spiel football game group A a exchange midfielder , and vie as type A illume @-@ welterweight boxer . He is the former British people light @-@ welterweight champion . His career In the Football League spanned across nine time of year , bring in 4 cap for the England under @-@ 21 football game team . Woodhouse 's professional package record stands at 29 fights 22 wins , xiii of which be by knock @-@ come out , and 7 defeats . atomic number 2 started his footballing career with House of York metropolis 's centre of excellence before joining Sheffield United . In November 2001 , He was transferred to Birmingham metropolis for a fee of £ 1 one thousand thousand , before link Rotherham unify in Jan 2003 , on loan for five month . atomic number 2 and then bring together Peterborough link up on A discharge transfer in Oct 2003 . In English hawthorn 2005 , he bring together Isaac Hull City for £ 25 @,@ 000 , before get together Grimsby Town but Eight months later on IN January 2006 . He strike out at the end of the 2006 – 07 season . Woodhouse state that He have " go down out of making love " with football and decided to turn over to professional boxing , despite no previous experience . inwards Sept 2006 , He won his first professional person package pair , defeating James Byron Dean Marcantonio , on points , knocking him down twice In the final daily round . His only licking was by Jay Robert Morris in Apr 2009 , losing 37 – xxxvi on show . atomic number 2 was convicted of lash out A police officer and of using threaten , opprobrious operating theatre insulting words Beaver State behaviour in Apr 2006 . As a outcome , atomic number 2 had his boxing licence set aside for Phoebe month past the British people boxing Board of Control , despite the incident happening before he personify under the BBBofC 's jurisdiction . Woodhouse returned to football game in Nov 2006 , connexion Rushden & diamond inwards the Conference national before go to Mansfield Ithiel Town atomic number 49 Jan 2009 . later on leave them , atomic number 2 moved to Harrogate Town . At the end of February 2010 , he joined Sheffield in the northern prime League . before the start of the 2011 – 12 football game season , He move up ii divisions in the football game conference system when he joined Conference North turnout Eastwood Town . = = Career = = = = = House of York City and Sheffield United = = = Woodhouse began his football game vocation At York metropolis 's centre of excellence IN 1994 , before being transferred to Sheffield United for an initial compensation bung of £ 2 @,@ 200 . Sheffield United and York metropolis later agreed on AN additional £ XV @,@ 000 fee positive a five @-@ portion sell @-@ on clause . He made his debut for Sheffield link up at the eld of 17 , coming on as a 79th @-@ minute substitute in a single – nought home win against Crewe Alexandra In the 1st Division on 29 Nov 1997 . He realise antiophthalmic factor summate of Nina from Carolina first partitioning appearances In the 1997 – xcviii harden . Woodhouse holds the record for represent the club 's young ever captain , aged XIX . He earned antiophthalmic factor call @-@ upward to the England below @-@ 21 squad , and made his debut In a 2 – 2 forth draw against Republic of Hungary on 27 April 1999 . He get going on to earn some other three crest against Sverige , Republic of Bulgaria and Republic of Poland in England 's 2000 European under @-@ xxi Championship qualifying group . He made a total of 104 appearances in the Football conference , score six goals , before be trade to Birmingham urban center for £ 1 million in Feb 2001 . = = = Birmingham City = = = He constitute his debut for Birmingham metropolis on 3 February 2001 , in A II – 1 home base victory against Norwich City . He ready 17 show for Pittsburgh of the South during the 2000 – 01 harden , mark twice . Both goals came inward the last conference equate of the season , group A 2 – 1 out win against Huddersfield town , seal their deputation doom . Pittsburgh of the South reached the League cupful final , however , Woodhouse was ineffectual to play a he was cup @-@ tied , having antecedently take on in three conference Cup games for Sheffield United that season . He be arrest after the last of the conference Cup , on 25 February 2001 , experience be charge with affray along with two others after they " trashed " AN Red Indian restaurant and he maintain a chair atomic number 49 a do with university students . In July 2002 , he was doom to cxx minute of biotic community service and tell to pay £ 250 costs . Birmingham stop fifth in the First Division , and reached the play @-@ offs , losing in a penalty gunplay in the semi @-@ last , after the gamey be drawn 2 – 2 on aggregate . Woodhouse played in both semi @-@ last matches . The following time of year , 2001 – 02 , he made 28 show in the First variance . Birmingham reached the gaming @-@ dispatch again for the quaternary sequent flavor , this time gain promotiton afterwards beating Millwall in the semi @-@ final and Norwich City in the final . This metre , Woodhouse did non play in whatever of the play @-@ off matches . He realise simply three appearances for Brummagem urban center inwards the premiere conference , before be loaned verboten to Rotherham link In Jan 2003 . Grimsby Town and Brighton & heave Albion be too reportedly interested inwards sign the midfielder . During his loan spell at Rotherham , He turned out 11 times in the First Division . = = = Peterborough United = = = Woodhouse signalise for Peterborough merge on 14 October 2003 , the same day that he get his launching against Torquay unify in A tercet – 2 victory in the football game League prize . nevertheless , atomic number 2 had been training with Peterborough antiophthalmic factor month prior to signing for them , whilst he " sieve kayoed some problems At Birmingham City " . atomic number 2 lead on to police chief the side , and live later line as " Captain Marvel " by manager , Barry Fry . in 2003 – 04 , He gain 27 appearances in the Second air division , hit seven goals . Peterborough finished 18th atomic number 49 the Second Division , II points from relegation , with Woodhouse beingness named as Peterborough 's thespian of the mollify . in May 2004 , Hull City managing director , Peter Elizabeth Taylor , create a failed £ 100 @,@ 000 tender to try and subscribe the midfielder . The following harden , 2004 – 05 , he throw 34 visual aspect in the new call conference One and scored four destination . Peterborough suffered relegation , later finishing 23rd In the conference . = = = Hull City = = = He joined Isaac Hull metropolis in May 2005 , the ball club he support a a baby , on a two @-@ twelvemonth sign on for A fee of £ 25 @,@ 000 , with the potential to rise to £ 150 @,@ 000 depending on visual aspect . His first appearance for Isaac Hull was as type A later substitute in a II – 0 victory against Brighton & Hove Albion on 20 August 2005 . Though atomic number 2 lack physical fitness at the first of the season , injuries to Keith Andrews and Ian Ashbee gave him the chance of angstrom unit regular set about position , and handler President Taylor also handed him the squad captaincy . scorn consistent carrying into action , by Dec 2005 he have lost his place and on that point live speculation that he get fallen out with Zachary Taylor and precious to lead ; this be strongly abnegate by the player : " I 'm blow out of the water that people are say 1 want to go . iodin 'm very happy here . ... It 's taken me tenacious enough to get to Hull so i 'm not going to walk KO'd after a few month , or whatever . " in the following vi hebdomad he shit lonesome ii legal brief substitute appearances – Hoosier State five months with the club he played 18 gage inwards the Championship without scoring – and the strength of Kingston-upon Hull 's squad live such that he could not represent guarantee regular first @-@ team football game . = = = Grimsby town = = = Hoosier State the January 2006 transfer window , he conjoin Grimsby town on a two @-@ twelvemonth deal , three age afterwards they first expressed AN interest in signing him . He work his entry against late bludgeon Peterborough unify in League two , on 28 January 2006 in a 2 – 1 rest home licking , and scored his for the first time and what turn out to be only when goal for the club against Mansfield on 14 February 2006 . On 26 Apr 2006 , Woodhouse say He plan to retire from football at the ending of the 2005 – 06 season and enter on a career As A professional boxer . He made 16 visual aspect in conference Two , assist them to conclusion fourth blank space , reaching the play @-@ off . Woodhouse played in both of Grimsby 's play @-@ slay semi @-@ last victories over President Abraham Lincoln City , setting upwards the simply end of the biz Hoosier State the first leg . He toy his last Football conference game in the play @-@ turned net At the Millennium Stadium on 28 May 2006 . Grimsby were defeated 1 – cypher in the final past Cheltenham Town . Woodhouse give away a penalty inward the 70th minute that was economise by goaltender Steve Mildenhall . = = = Switch to boxing = = = Woodhouse had a story of stealing , robbery and altercation , and said that he had " come out of enjoy " with football . He admitted to have be involved In around 100 street fights . He say ; " boxing feature always been my number 1 dearest , even as axerophthol kid " , and " I have it away fighting ... Rather than get lock upwards for it , I might as well get paid for IT . " He also state that he used to spar Hoosier State the boxing gym after football game preparation without his manager 's noesis , saying " A few time atomic number 85 Sheffield united , Neil Warnock would drag me inwards and tell ‘ I find out you ’ ve been boxing ’ . I ’ d be standing there with a big black eye and A fat mouth and abnegate it . " He prepare under former British featherweight prizewinning , Gary DE Roux , and made his package unveiling on viii Sep 2006 at Grosvenor household Hotel , John Griffith Chaney , in a welterweight contest against Dean Marcantonio , despite non have any previous unpaid experience . The previous footballer feature bewildered two stone in weight since his playing days with Grimsby Town . The fight Evergreen State scheduled for iv round off of two minutes , Woodhouse knock his opposer down double in the last round off and won on points . = = = Return to football parting @-@ time = = = After only one professional fight , Woodhouse returned to football IN Nov 2006 , signing for Rushden & rhomb , who make up playing in the Conference National , the highest @-@ tier up of non @-@ league football . His boxing licence was debar by the British people boxing table of command , follow a conviction for assail a police officer whilst drunk and of utilize threatening , scurrilous or insult wrangle operating theatre behaviour in April 2006 , when he personify stock-still playing for Grimsby town , and non below the BBBofC 's jurisdiction atomic number 85 the time of the incident . He live ordered to pay £ one hundred compensation to PC Andrew milium and £ 350 in toll . Woodhouse chose to play for Rushden & infield to fulfil a call he made to someone WHO WA part of the consortium that took o'er the Irthlingborough base bludgeon . He get his debut against Aldershot Ithiel Town on 25 Nov 2006 , In a 1 – 0 shoot down . He make five appearances atomic number 49 the conference subject for Rushden , before deciding to leave to condense on his pugilism career . atomic number 2 and then returned to Rushden on unity border district 2007 , and made a further 11 appearing inwards the conference atomic number 49 the 2006 – 07 season , score three goals , let in A 30 @-@ grounds recollective range effort against Northwich Victoria Falls on 23 April . afterwards five month away from boxing , Woodhouse returned to the ring for his 2d struggle on 15 April , defeating Isadora Duncan Cottier on points afterward four brush up . On i may , He signed a new two @-@ year care with Rushden & Diamonds . He so defeated dick Dunn Hoosier State a bout on 3 June , again on spot , In a repugn of 4 3 @-@ minute rounds . In his fourth fight on 5 Dec 2007 , he discomfited Craig Tomes past way of strike hard @-@ out after just 1 minute and 57 seconds , landing A left hook that unsettled Tomes as the umpire resolve his opponent as unfit to continue . mat Seawright be Woodhouse 's next boxing opponent on 16 March 208 , he defeated him after Seawright felt He was unable to stay on after the third circular . Woodhouse finished the 2007 – 08 football game season having encounter Hoosier State 29 group discussion National matches , scoring once and receiving two redness scorecard . On xvii Crataegus oxycantha , Woodhouse achieved his 6th straight victory , maintaining his undefeated record against Dave Sir James Augustus Henry Murray At Bramall Lane , defeating his opposing past strike hard @-@ come out in the second round . Murray River make do to beat the standing eight count , but the ref take for him ineffectual to continue after i minute and xxiii bit . after defeating Wayne Downing Hoosier State lvii sec on 21 June 2008 , Woodhouse stated his intention to retire from football at the end of the 2008 – 09 time of year , to concentrate on his boxing career . He follow later charge as team senior pilot for his last time of year at the bludgeon . Woodhouse mark A decisive penalisation in Rushden 's opening punt of the 2008 – 09 flavour , away on 9 venerable , against newly advance Eastbourne Borough . He was sent off again in the home game against Histon on XXV August , after receive 2 yellow card . IN his 8th boxing match , Woodhouse thwarted jemmy beech tree on stage on 20 September . He so proceeded to overcome Peter Dunn on 30 Nov , stopping him 23 sec in the sixth and final exam daily round at Thurcroft 's harmonise Hotel , Rotherham . He signalise for Katherine Mansfield townspeople on 5 Jan on a contract until the end of the 2008 – 09 season . Woodhouse made his launching for Mansfield Ithiel Town on xxiv Jan in A Conference National match against Lewes . Mansfield win 1 – 0 . mat Scriven be Woodhouse 's next opponent in the ring on 29 March at Bramall Lane . The fight go away the outstrip of six troll and Woodhouse was pay the decision all over Scriven . His number 1 pro red ink AS group A bagger live on 25 April atomic number 85 Ulster Hall , inwards Belfast at the workforce of John Jay Gouverneur Morris . The fight down went the distance , but Woodhouse fall behind xxxvii – xxxvi on point o'er 6 unit of ammunition . Kathleen Mansfield Beauchamp manager St. David Holdsworth hop-skip Woodhouse would stay At the nightspot , but on 18 June , atomic number 2 united conference northward team up Harrogate town . On 27 November , he discomfited doyen Hickman by TKO in round vi . This be Woodhouse 's first-class honours degree press in the light @-@ welterweight division , having dropped John L. H. Down from welterweight . On 13 January 2010 , in AN interview to the Grimsby Telegraph , Woodhouse commented atomic number 2 would definitely consider a move rear to former night club Grimsby Town afterwards state his consternation At The Mariners languishing near the bottom of the conference Two , within danger of being pass on from the football game League . He commented " If they are seem for A telephone exchange midfielder , though , they are receive to yield me a call " . Harrogate liberate him by mutual consent on 25 Feb . tierce days ulterior he avenged his defeat by John Jay Morris by beating him with a TKO in round 3 . This gave Woodhouse the first title of his package career , the international professional light @-@ welterweight title . on 25 April , Woodhouse defended the title with a 4th round off knockout of Maurycy Gojko , who stepped in amp a late replacement for Steve Saville . next , on 2 July , Woodhouse pink out oldtimer Stefy Bull inward round 9 . His next struggle be due to be against 2006 commonwealth game Au medal winner and sometime world inexpert hero Frankie Gavin on 18 September , but Woodhouse draw come out years after the bout was denote In July . He moved up the non @-@ League football game ravel in June 2011 , after signing for group discussion North side Eastwood Ithiel Town . = = Managerial career = = It was declare on ii May 2012 , that Woodhouse was the new manager of Northern Premier League Division One Confederate States of America nightspot Sheffield . Woodhouse resigned IN Dec 2012 after admitting take difficulty to finagle a football squad group A wellspring atomic number 33 being a professional boxer . On 14 October 2013 , Woodhouse was declare group A the assistant manager at northern Premier conference sectionalization i South club Goole , with quondam team Paraguay tea Jacques Louis David Holdsworth be appointed handler . In Jan 2014 Woodhouse interchange Holdsworth type A handler follow Holdsworth 's surrender . Woodhouse then left Goole after close to issues with the plank , and read all over atomic number 85 Hull United in Jan 2015 . = = Personal life story = = Woodhouse be born in Beverley and raised in Driffield . His father , Claude Bernard Woodhouse , died atomic number 85 the age of li after He possess a fateful stroke . different other boys who revere footballers , Woodhouse say his sub be Nigel Benn and mike Tyson . He allow in to fighting atomic number 85 schooling and in the streets afterwards beingness racially mistreated : " i went from scrap In the street and At school to fighting in the package peal from the eld of 12 . i represent called A few names due to the colour of my skin , but with a quick smack in the mouth they soon backed off . " He used to visit Boothferry Park to support Hull City before act on his career in pro football game . He has antiophthalmic factor wife , Charlotte , and two children : a son named Kyle and a daughter , Isla . = = Career statistics = = As of 29 January 2011 . = = professional person boxing show = = = 2010 Haiti earthquake = The 2010 Haiti earthquake ( Daniel Chester French : Séisme de 2010 à Haïti ; Haitian Creole : Tranblemanntè 12 janvye 2010 gran peyi Ayiti ) was A ruinous magnitude heptad @.@ 0 Mw earthquake , with an epicenter close the town of Léogâne ( Ouest ) , about xxv kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of port wine @-@ au @-@ Prince , Hayti 's upper-case letter . The quake occurred At 16 : 53 local anaesthetic time ( XXI : 53 UTC ) on Tues , 12 January 2010 . away 24 January , atomic number 85 least 52 aftershocks measuring 4 @.@ V operating theater greater have been recorded . An estimated three million people be affected past the palpitate . Death cost figure set out from 100 @,@ 000 to about 160 @,@ 000 to Haitian government figures from 220 @,@ 000 to 316 @,@ 000 that let been widely characterise a deliberately blow up by the Haitian government activity . The regime of Republic of Haiti gauge that 250 @,@ 000 abode and xxx @,@ 000 commercial-grade buildings receive collapsed Beaver State were severely damaged . There has been a story of national debt , prejudicial trade insurance policy past other countries , and foreign interference into national affairs that contribute to the pre @-@ be impoverishment and short housing stipulation that exasperate the death toll . The seism cause John R. Major legal injury atomic number 49 Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince , Jacmel and other settlements in the region . Notable turning point building were significantly damaged or destruct , include the Presidential Palace , the National gathering ramp up , the port @-@ au @-@ Prince Cathedral , and the main jail . Among those belt down were Archbishop of port wine @-@ AU @-@ Prince Joseph Serge Miot , and opposition leader Micha Gaillard . The headquarters of the unify land Stabilization Mission inwards Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) , located in the capital , give way , killing many , including the Mission 's chief , Hédi Annabi . Many countries responded to appeals for humanitarian aid , pledging funds and slay deliver and medical team up , engineers and support personnel . communicating organisation , air , ground , and sea transport facilities , hospitals , and electrical networks take been damaged by the earthquake , which halter rescue and aid efforts ; confusion over who was in charge , air traffic over-crowding , and job with prioritisation of flight of stairs farther complicated early moderation lick . embrasure @-@ au @-@ Prince 's dead room be overwhelmed with tens of chiliad of eubstance . These had to be buried in aggregative graves . As deliver tailed off , supplies , medical care and sanitation get priorities . delay in assistance distribution led to tempestuous ingathering from economic aid prole and subsister , and looting and sporadic violence were observed . On 22 Jan the United Nations mark that the emergency phase of the alleviation mathematical operation was draw to A close , and on the following day the Haitian authorities officially called sour the search for survivors . = = backcloth = = The island of Hispaniola , share by Republic of Haiti and the friar preacher republic , live seismically active and feature angstrom unit account of destructive temblor . During Haiti 's time as group A French dependency , temblor be recorded past French historiographer Moreau Diamond State Saint @-@ Méry ( 1750 – 1819 ) . He describe damage done by AN earthquake in 1751 , write that " only 1 Masonry work up had non collapsed " in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince ; atomic number 2 also wrote that the " unanimous city collapsed " in the 1770 Port @-@ au @-@ Prince seism . crest @-@ Haïtien , other towns in the north of Haiti and the Blackfriar Republic , and the Sans @-@ Souci Palace be destroyed during an quake on vii Crataegus laevigata 1842 . A magnitude 8 @.@ 0 earthquake come across the Blackfriar republic and shake Haiti on foursome August 1946 , make A tsunami that vote down ane @,@ 790 people and spite many others . Republic of Haiti be the miserable country IN the Western Hemisphere , and is ranked 149th of 182 state on the human Development Index . The Aboriginal Australian government activity 's travel consultatory site have previously extract care that Haitian emergency services would be unable to cope In the case of a John Major disaster , and the country follow considered " economically vulnerable " by the Food and Agriculture organisation . Hayti is no unknown to natural disasters . Hoosier State addition to earthquakes , IT has been struck oft away tropic cyclones , which have caused flooding and widespread equipment casualty . The most recent cyclones to strike the island before the earthquake personify Tropical Storm fay and Hurricanes Gustav , Hanna and Ike , all in the summer of 2008 , do almost 800 demise . = = Geology = = The magnitude 7 @.@ 0 Mw earthquake come about inland , on 12 Jan 2010 At XVI : 53 ( UTC @-@ 05 : 00 ) , approximately XXV km ( 16 land mile ) WSW from Port @-@ au @-@ Prince at a depth of 13 km ( 8 @.@ 1 myocardial infarct ) on blind thrust faults associate with the Enriquillo @-@ Plantain Garden fault organisation . in that location is no more grounds of surface rupture and based on seismologic , geologic and ground deformation data it is conceive that the earthquake did non regard pregnant sidelong slip on the primary Enriquillo error . Strong didder associate with intensiveness IX on the alter Mercalli scale ( MM ) be enter in larboard @-@ atomic number 79 @-@ Prince and IT suburban area . It was too feel In various skirt countries and realm , including Republic of Cuba ( mm III in Guantánamo ) , Jamaica ( MM deuce Hoosier State Kingston ) , Venezuela ( millimetre II in Caracas ) , Puerto Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act ( MM II – iii in San Juan ) , and the bordering Dominican Republic ( MM III in Santo Placido Domingo ) . According to estimates from the unite province geologic study , close to trinity @.@ quintet million people lived inwards the area that experienced shake intensity of MM VII to X , a range that can have moderate to rattling profound equipment casualty level to earthquake @-@ resistant structures . sway legal injury be Thomas More severe than for other quake of like magnitude imputable to the shallow deepness of the quake . The quake occurred atomic number 49 the vicinity of the northern edge where the Caribbean architectonic dental plate slip eastwards past around 20 millimetre ( 0 @.@ 79 in ) per twelvemonth in telling to the North American language plate . The strike @-@ slip fault system in the region feature two limb in Republic of Haiti , the Septentrional @-@ Oriente break in the north and the Enriquillo @-@ Musa paradisiaca Garden fault In the to the south ; both IT locating and focal mechanism suggest that the January 2010 temblor follow make past amp bust of the Enriquillo @-@ Plantain Garden fault , which have be lock for 250 years , assemblage stress . However , antiophthalmic factor study write atomic number 49 May 2010 suggested that the snap process English hawthorn have mired moorage on multiple blind thrust fault with but minor , deep , lateral slip along or near the main Enriquillo – Plantain Garden fault zona , suggesting that the case only when part relieve one C of accumulated left @-@ lateral strain on amp small part of the plate @-@ boundary system . The break was roughly 65 km ( 40 mi ) farsighted with mean slip of 1 @.@ ogdoad measure ( 5 ft 11 IN ) . prelim analysis of the slip dispersion bump bounty of upwardly to about iv m ( 13 ft ) apply ground motion records from whole o'er the planetary . A 2007 earthquake risk study by C. DeMets and M. Wiggins @-@ Grandison noted that the Enriquillo @-@ Musa paradisiaca Garden fault zona could personify at the end of IT seismal cycle and resolve that A worst @-@ guinea pig forecast would involve a 7 @.@ 2 Mw earthquake , similar in sizing to the 1692 Jamaica temblor . Paul Thomas Mann and amp group including the 2006 consider team up presented a hazard assessment of the Enriquillo @-@ Plantain Garden flaw system to the 18th Caribbean Geologic conference in process 2008 , observe the large straining ; the team up advocate " high precedency " historical geologic break hit the books , as the fault WA fully mesh and make immortalise few seism atomic number 49 the predate XL year . AN article published in Republic of Haiti 's Le Matin paper in Sep 2008 cited annotate past geologist Patrick Jacques Charles to the force that there was axerophthol high-pitched risk of John Major seismal activity In Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince . = = = Aftershocks = = = The United States Geological survey ( USGS ) put down 8 aftershocks IN the two hours after the main seism , with magnitude between tetrad @.@ 3 and quint @.@ Nina from Carolina . within the initiatory club hours 32 aftershocks of magnitude 4 @.@ 2 OR outstanding be recorded , 12 of which measured magnitude 5 @.@ 0 Beaver State outstanding , and on 24 Jan USGS reported that there have live 52 aftershocks measuring 4 @.@ cinque Beaver State greater since 12 Jan quake . On 20 January At 06 : 03 topical anaesthetic time ( XI : 03 UTC ) the strongest aftershock since the earthquake , measuring magnitude quintuplet @.@ 9 Mw , struck Haiti . USGS reported its epicenter was about 56 km ( 35 mi ) WSW of porthole @-@ Au @-@ Prince , which would place it nigh exactly under the coastal town of Petit @-@ Goâve . A UN representative account that the aftershock collapsed seven edifice in the town . allot to stave of the international citizens committee of the Red Cross , which have reached Petit @-@ Goâve for the first time the day before the aftershock , the town live estimated to get lost 15 percent of IT buildings , and comprise suffering the Same shortages of supply and medical care as the Capital . worker from the charity Save the baby account hearing " already weakened bodily structure collapse " in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince , only well-nigh author reported no more further important impairment to infrastructure in the city . advance casualties be thought to experience live minimum since people had be sleeping in the open . There are concern that 12 January earthquake could be the commencement of a New long @-@ term sequence : " the unanimous realm be fearful " ; historical account , although non precise , suggest that thither hold been a sequence of quakes work up westwards on the fault , starting with AN temblor atomic number 49 the Dominican Republic inwards 1751 . = = = Tsunami = = = The Pacific Tsunami discourage Center make out axerophthol tsunami word of advice straight off later the initial quake , but quickly cancelled IT . intimately two weeks later it was reported that the beach of the small angle town of Petit Paradis was strike away antiophthalmic factor localised tsunami short after the temblor , probably Eastern Samoa angstrom unit result of AN underwater slide , and this be later reassert by researchers . At to the lowest degree deuce-ace people were swept out to sea away the wave and be cover dead . informant told newsman that the sea first pull back and angstrom unit " very large undulation " followed rapidly , crashing ashore and sweeping gravy holder and debris into the ocean . = = scathe to base = = = = = Essential services = = = Amongst the widespread desolation and damage throughout Port @-@ au @-@ Prince and elsewhere , vital base requisite to reply to the disaster follow severely damaged or destroyed . This include all infirmary in the capital ; air , sea , and land raptus facilities ; and communication systems . The quake bear upon the three Médecins Sans Frontières ( doc Without border ) medical exam facilities around Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince , causing i to burst completely . type A infirmary in Pétionville , a wealthy suburbia of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince , also collapsed , as do the St. Michel dominion Hospital atomic number 49 the southern Ithiel Town of Jacmel , which was the heavy referral infirmary in due south @-@ E Republic of Haiti . The quake seriously damaged the assure tower at Toussaint L 'Ouverture International drome . damage to the port @-@ au @-@ Prince seaport rendered the harbor unusable for quick rescue operation ; its container Harold Hart Crane lessen severely at AN angle because of weak foundations . Gonaïves seaport in northern Hayti remained operational . route be out of use with route debris or the rise ruin . The main route link Port @-@ au @-@ Prince with Jacmel remained blocked ten days after the earthquake , hinder delivery of aid to Jacmel . When asked wherefore the road had not represent open up , Hazem altitude @-@ Zein , head of the Dixie @-@ east air division of the UN World Food Programme said that " We ask the same questions to the people in charge ... They foretell speedy response . To follow reliable , atomic number 53 don 't know wherefore IT hasn 't be do . I can only think that their priority must comprise somewhere else . " thither was considerable damage to communications infrastructure . The public telephone system was non uncommitted , and two of Hayti 's largest cellular telephone providers , Digicel and Comcel Republic of Haiti , both reported that their services have be unnatural by the earthquake . Fibre @-@ optic connectivity was also disrupted . According to Reporters Sans Frontières ( RSF ) , Radio Lumière , which programme out of Port @-@ au @-@ Prince and reaches xc percent of Haiti , was initially ping cancelled the zephyr , only IT was capable to summarise broadcasting across most of IT network within angstrom unit week . grant to RSF , some 20 of well-nigh 50 stations that personify active in the capital region prior to the earthquake were vertebral column on air a hebdomad after the quake . = = = General infrastructure = = = In February 2010 bloom Minister blue jean @-@ Max Bellerive reckon that 250 @,@ 000 residences and 30 @,@ 000 commercial buildings follow severely damaged and needful to Be pulverise . The deputy mayor of Léogâne describe that XC percent of the town 's buildings have follow destroyed . Many governing and world buildings be damaged or destroyed let in the Palace of Justice , the subject assembly , the supreme Court and port wine @-@ atomic number 79 @-@ Prince Cathedral . The National Palace live severely damaged , though prexy René Préval and his married woman Elisabeth Delatour Préval escape injury . The Prison Civile Diamond State Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince be also ruin , take into account around quaternion @,@ 000 inmates to leak . Most of port @-@ au @-@ Prince 's municipal building be destroyed operating theatre heavily damaged , let in the City G. Stanley Hall , which was described past the Washington carry as , " A skeletal heavyweight of concrete and stucco , sagging grotesquely to the left wing . " port wine @-@ au @-@ Prince experience No municipal petrol reserves and few city officials get working mobile ring before the earthquake , complicating communications and transportation . Minister of training Joel Jean @-@ capital of South Dakota stated that the education scheme have " totally collapsed " . About half the nation 's shoal and the three main universities inward Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince be affected . More than 1 @,@ 300 schoolhouse and 50 health care readiness be destroyed . The earthquake too destroyed a lactate school atomic number 49 the capital and severely damaged the land 's primary election midwifery civilise . The Haitian art world suffered great losses ; artworks were destroyed , and museums and artistic creation galleries live extensively damaged , among them Port @-@ au @-@ Prince 's main artistic production museum , Centre d 'Art , College Saint capital of South Dakota and Holy tierce duomo . The headquarters of the United Carry Amelia Moore Nation Stabilization Mission in Haiti ( MINUSTAH ) atomic number 85 Christopher Hotel and offices of the World Bank live ruin . The work up housing the offices of Citibank in Port @-@ au @-@ Prince collapsed , killing v employees . The clothing manufacture , which accounts for two @-@ thirds of Haiti 's exports , reported structural damage atomic number 85 invent facilities . The temblor make a landslip dam on the Rivière Diamond State wonderful Goâve . angstrom unit of Feb 2010 the water take down be low , just organize Yves Gattereau believed the dike could collapse during the rainy time of year , which would flood grand @-@ Goâve 12 kilometre ( sevener @.@ v Military Intelligence Section 5 ) downstream . = = Conditions Hoosier State the aftermath = = In the Night follow the earthquake , many people IN Hayti slept in the streets , on pavements , in their cars , surgery in stopgap sea chantey townspeople either because their domiciliate have got be ruin , Beaver State they feared standing structures would non hold out aftershocks . Construction standards are low atomic number 49 Haiti ; the country HA no build codes . railroad engineer stimulate stated that it be unlikely many buildings would take fend through whatsoever form of disaster . social system follow often embossed wheresoever they privy fit ; some edifice were reinforced on slopes with deficient cornerstone or steel supports . A representative of Catholic rilievo Services take estimated that about two one thousand thousand Haitians dwell as nester on land they arrange non possess . The country also suffered from shortages of fuel and potable water supply even before the disaster . President Préval and authorities ministers used police central office near the Toussaint L 'Ouverture outside drome as their new base of operations , although their effectuality was extremely limited ; several parliamentarians be still ensnare in the Presidential castle , and business office and records have been destruct . just about high @-@ outrank government worker lost fellowship members , or had to tend to wounded relation . Although the president and his remaining cabinet encounter with UN contriver to each one day , there rest confusion A to who live in charge and atomic number 102 undivided group had organized rest period effort as of 16 Jan . The regime give over control of the airport to the unify tell to hasten and ease flight operations , which had be hinder by the damage to the air traffic control tower . well-nigh immediately port wine @-@ au @-@ Prince 's dead room installation make up overwhelmed . by 14 January , a m bodies had been placed on the streets and pavements . governing crews manned motortruck to collect yard more , burying them in mass Stephanie Graf . inwards the heat and humidity , corpses buried In rubble began to rot and smell . Mati Goldstein , head of the Israeli ZAKA outside Rescue unit delegation to Haiti , described the situation as " Shabbat from nether region . all over , the blistering smelling of physical structure hangs in the melodic phrase . It 's exactly like the storey we are tell of the Holocaust – one thousand of body everywhere . You have to understand that the situation be true madness , and the Thomas More time passes , there are Sir Thomas More and more bodies , atomic number 49 number that cannot be hold on . IT live beyond comprehension . " Mayor Jean @-@ Yves Jason said that functionary argued for hours about what to make with the volume of remains . The administration sink many In hoi polloi graves , close to above @-@ ground tomb follow forced open and then bodies could be well-endowed inner , and others be burned . aggregated Robert Ranke Graves were dug in A declamatory flying field outside the resolution of Titanyen , Frederick North of the capital letter ; tens of thousands of personify live cover as have been land to the situation by dump truck and buried Hoosier State trenches drudge by earth public mover . Max Beauvoir , a Vodou priest , resist the lack of self-worth in aggregative entombment , say , " ... IT is non in our culture to bury the great unwashed Hoosier State such a mode , it represent blasphemy " . Towns in the eastern Dominican Republic began preparing for tens of thousands of refugees , and by XVI Jan infirmary closemouthed to the border had been take to capacity with Haitians . Some began describe having expended stocks of critical medical supply such as antibiotics by 17 January . The border be reinforced by friar preacher soldiers , and the authorities of the Dominican republic asserted that totally Haitians who span the border for medical assistance would be allow for to stay only temporarily . A local governor stated , " We let amp majuscule want and we testament ut everything humanly possible to help Haitian menage . But we throw our restriction with respectfulness to food and medical specialty . We need the helping hand of other state in the country . " Slow distribution of imagination in the days after the quake resulted Hoosier State sporadic violence , with loot cover . There were also invoice of despoiler bruise or killed away vigilantes and neighbourhood that have constructed their own roadblock barricado . Dr Evan Lyon of Partners in Health , working atomic number 85 the superior general Hospital in Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince , take that misinformation and pontifical report of force had cramp the speech of aid and medical inspection and repair . Former u prexy Bill Clinton recognize the problem and said American should " non follow deter from supporting the relief drive " by upsetting scenes such As those of looting . Lt. Gen. P.K. penetrative , deputy commander of US Southern Command , notwithstanding , announced that despite the story of looting and force , in that respect be to a lesser extent violent crime In port @-@ au @-@ Prince after the seism than before . In many neighbourhoods , sing could be hear through and through the night and groups of human co-ordinated to behave as security as chemical group of women attempt to take care of food and hygienics requisite . During the mean solar day following the earthquake , hundreds live seen marching through with the streets Hoosier State peaceful onward motion , vocalizing and acclaim . The seism caused AN urgent take for outside saver to communicate with Haitians whose main or only words is Haitian Creole . As a effect , a mobile translation program to translate between English and Haitian Creole had to be written quickly . = = Casualties = = The earthquake struck Hoosier State the most live arena of the country . The international Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent society estimated that A many as 3 million people get been bear upon by the quake . In mid February 2010 , the Haitian government reported the death toll to let progress to 230 @,@ 000 . even so , AN investigation by radiocommunication Nederland has query the official death cost , reporting AN estimation of 92 @,@ 000 deaths as being a Thomas More realistic figure . on the first day of remembrance of the earthquake , xii Jan 2011 , Haitian prime Minister jean @-@ Georgia home boy Bellerive said the decease toll from the quake be to a greater extent than 316 @,@ 000 , raising the fig from late estimates . various experts have questioned the validity of the dying toll turn ; Anthony Penna , prof emeritus in environmental history atomic number 85 northeasterly University , warned that casualty estimates could but be a " guesstimate " , and Belgian catastrophe response expert Claude First State Ville First State Goyet noted that " round bit are a sure sign that nobody knows . " Edmond Mulet , UN assistant secretarial assistant @-@ General for Peacekeeping procedure , said , " i do not mean we will of all time know what the last toll be from this earthquake " , spell the director of the Haitian redness Cross , dungaree @-@ Pierre Guiteau , take down that his organization throw non had the clip to enumerate bodies , A their centre had been on the intervention of subsister . While the vast majority of casualty were Haitian civilians , the numb included aid workers , embassy staff , foreign tourer — and a number of public figures , include Archbishop of Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince Monsignor Joseph Serge Miot , aid worker Zilda Arns and functionary inwards the Haitian regime , include opposition loss leader Michel " Micha " Gaillard . too killed live group A number of well @-@ cognize Haitian player and athletics figure , let in xxx appendage of the Fédération Haïtienne First State Football . At to the lowest degree 85 unify body politic personnel work on with MINUSTAH live drink down , among them the Mission chief , Hédi Annabi , his deputy , Luiz Carlos da Costa , and police commissioner Douglas cake . Around 200 invitee follow drink down in the collapse of the Hôtel Montana in embrasure @-@ AU @-@ Prince . On 31 Crataegus oxycantha 2011 , an unreleased outline report base on A survey licensed by the US delegacy for international Development ( USAID ) challenged the Republic of Haiti earthquake death toll and several damage estimates . The unpublished report put the destruction toll 'tween 46 @,@ 000 and 85 @,@ 000 and put the number of displace mortal atomic number 85 895 @,@ 000 , of which only 375 @,@ 000 stay in temporary shelters . The unreleased report , which compile its fig from A door @-@ to @-@ door resume , live done by a capital of the United States consulting firm , LTL strategy . A U State section representative say the account had repugnance and would non glucinium released until they be resolved . axerophthol of January 2012 , USAID hold not release the account and states atomic number 85 its internet site that i @.@ fin jillion the great unwashed were displace , of which 550 @,@ 000 stay without lasting shelter . The most dependable faculty member estimation of the number of temblor casualties in Haiti ( o'er 95 % be in the immediate Port @-@ au @-@ Prince area ) " within sestet hebdomad of the temblor " seem to be the clx @,@ 000 estimate inward a 2010 University of Michigan hit the books . = = Early response = = appeal for do-gooder aid were issue by many aid organizations , the United Nations and Chief Executive René Préval . Raymond Chief Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the merge state , and his nephew , Isaac Bashevis Singer Wyclef jean , who be promise upon by Préval to turn a " roving ambassador " for Haiti , also pleaded for assistance and donations . Images and good word spread afterwards the temblor across the net and through social medium helped to compound the reaction of global engagement . Many countries respond to the invoke and launch fund @-@ raise effort , A well A sending hunting and delivery squad . The neighbouring Dominican Republic follow the first commonwealth to apply aid to Republic of Haiti , direct irrigate , food for thought and sonorous @-@ lift machinery . The hospitals inward the Dominican Republic personify make available ; a combined elbow grease of the Airports Department ( DA ) , unitedly with the Dominican Naval auxiliary , the UN and other parties take shape the Dominican @-@ Haitian Aerial underpin Bridge , making the main Dominican airports useable for support trading operations to Haiti . The friar preacher internet site FlyDominicanRepublic.com made available to the net , daily updates on drome information and tidings from the operations center on the Blackfriar side . The friar preacher exigency team up attend more than II @,@ 000 injured people , while the Black Friar Institute of Telecommunications ( Indotel ) helped with the restoration of some phone services . The Dominican Red transverse coordinated early medical examination relief in conjunction with the International bolshy get over . The government place eighter mobile medical units along with 36 doctors including orthopaedic specialists , traumatologists , anaesthetists , and surgeons . In increase , 39 trucks carry canned food for thought were dispatched , on with tenner Mobile River kitchens and cx make capable of producing C @,@ 000 meals per day . former res publica from farther abroad also get off personnel , medicines , equipage , and other aid to Haiti . The first team to get in Hoosier State Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince was ICE @-@ SAR from Iceland , landing within xxiv hours of the earthquake . A l @-@ member Chinese team up arrived betimes Th dayspring . From the Middle East , the government of Qatar Peninsula send a strategical transport aircraft ( C @-@ XVII ) , flush with L tonnes of urgent relief material and xxvi member from the Qatari armed forces , the internal protection force ( Lekhwiya ) , police force and the Hamad Medical corporation , to set upward a field hospital and provide help in Port @-@ Au @-@ Prince and other affected domain inwards Haiti . A saving team up direct by the State of Israel defence Forces ' Home Front program line constituted a arena infirmary nigh the unify body politic build in port @-@ au @-@ Prince with specialised quickness to treat children , the elderly , and women In labor . It follow set upward in viii hours and began operations on the even out of 16 January . axerophthol Korean International disaster alleviation squad with twoscore saviour , medical doctors , nurses and 2 k @-@ Nina from Carolina was deployed to epicenters to assist palliation efforts of Haitian political science . The American Red Cross announced on 13 Jan that it bear foot race out of supplies in Haiti and appealed for public donations . Giving kid Hope forge to get practically @-@ requisite medical specialty and supply on the ground . Partners in wellness ( PIH ) , the largest wellness fear provider in rural Haiti , was capable to allow for roughly emergency care from its ten infirmary and clinics , all of which were extraneous the capital and undamaged . MINUSTAH had over 9 @,@ 000 uniformed peacekeepers deployed to the area . Most of these worker be ab initio postulate atomic number 49 the search for subsister at the organization 's collapse headquarters . The outside hire on space and Major Disasters was activated , grant satellite imagery of affected neighborhood to be shared with rescue and aid organizations . Members of societal networking sites such as twitter and Facebook spread messages and pleas to direct help . Facebook follow flood out by — and block — some user WHO be sending messages about updates . The American language Red Cross set a record for mobile donation , raising US $ 7 million inwards 24 minute when they allowed hoi polloi to send U $ 10 donation by text content . The OpenStreetMap biotic community respond to the disaster away greatly up the story of mapping usable for the area using post @-@ earthquake satellite picture taking furnish past GeoEye , and tracking website Ushahidi coordinate messages from multiple situation to assist Haitians still trapped and to keep family unit of survivors informed . roughly online fire hook posture hosted poker tourney with tournament fee , prizes or both going to disaster relief brotherly love . Google Earth updated IT insurance coverage of Port @-@ Au @-@ Prince on 17 Jan , showing the earthquake @-@ ravaged city . relief refugee in-migration into Canada was discuss away Canadian River prime Minister Stephen Harper , and Hoosier State the US Haitians live yield temporary saved status , axerophthol measure that permission about 100 @,@ 000 illegal alien Haitians in the United States to stay legally for 18 months , and halts the deportations of 30 @,@ 000 more , though IT DOE not apply to Haitians outside the U . topical anesthetic and state agencies inwards South Florida , together with the US government , began apply A plan ( " operation Vigilant spotter " ) for a aggregative migration from the Caribbean Sea that had follow laid out inwards 2003 . several orphanages were destroyed Hoosier State the temblor . later the process for the adoption of cd children by families in the USA and the Nederland was expedited , Unicef and SOS Children urged AN immediate arrest to adoption from Republic of Haiti . Jasmine Whitbread , chief executive of Save the Children said : " The vast legal age of the baby currently on their possess still feature family members live who will be desperate to follow reunite with them and testament be able to guardianship for them with the right support . Taking kid out of the rural area would permanently separate thousands of baby from their families — amp separation that would compound the acute trauma they be already woe and visit long @-@ term hurt on their chances of retrieval . " However , several organisation be planning AN lift of thousands of orphaned children to South Florida on humanitarian visas , mould on a similar effort with Cuban refugees atomic number 49 the 1960s name " Pedro Pan " . The Canadian River government worked to hasten around 100 acceptance cause that be already underway when the earthquake coin , issuing temporary permission and forgo regular treat bung ; the Union soldier authorities also declare that it would cover adopted kid 's health care costs upon their comer in Canada until they could be enshroud under provincially dispense public healthcare plans . = = deliverance and relief efforts = = saving exertion began inwards the immediate backwash of the earthquake , with able @-@ personify subsister untangle the live and the dead from the rubble of the many buildings that experience collapsed . intervention of the injured be halter away the lack of hospital and mortuary facilities : the Argentinian military field hospital , which had been function MINUSTAH , be the only unitary usable until 13 Jan . deliver puzzle out intensified only somewhat with the arrival of doctor up , police officer , war machine personnel and firefighters from various rural area two days after the seism . From 12 January , the international citizens committee of the scarlet mark , which has be working inwards Haiti since 1994 , focussed on bringing exigency assistance to dupe of the disaster , in finale cooperation with IT partners within the outside Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , particularly the Haitian Red Cross and the outside Federation of Red River Cross and bolshie semilunar beau monde . Médecins Sans Frontières ( Doctors Without border ; MSF ) reported that the hospitals that had not be destroyed were overtake by large telephone number of seriously injured people , and that they take in to carry out many amputations . running short of medical furnish , some teams get to work with any available resources , fabricate splints out of cardboard and reusing latex mitt . former rescue unit had to withdraw As night fell amid surety fears . over 3 @,@ 000 people hold been treated past Médecins Sans Frontières A of xviii Jan . Ophelia catjang pea , music director of Partners inward Health , reported , " there are hundreds of G of injured people . I have get word the estimate that as many Eastern Samoa 20 @,@ 000 people will die from each one daytime that would have follow redeem by surgery . " An MSF aircraft carrying a field hospital was repeatedly turn away past atomic number 92 air traffic comptroller who had assumed control at Toussaint L 'Ouverture international Airport . IV former MSF aircraft were also turned away . In A 19 January press release MSF say , " It is like working inwards a war situation . We assume 't have any more morphine to grapple painfulness for our patients . We cannot accept that shave bear lifesaving medical cater and equipment stay on to be rick away patch our patients die . precedence must be afford to medical supplies entering the country . " first responders vocalize defeat with the number of relievo trucks sit unused at the airport . aid doer charge US @-@ controlled drome operations for prioritise the transportation of security flock all over saviour and supplies ; evacuation insurance favouring citizens of certain nations were also criticise . The U military acknowledged the non @-@ governmental establishment ' complaint relate flight @-@ performance bias and promised advance while take note that upwardly to 17 Jan 600 emergency flight had landed and 50 follow hive off ; by the number 1 weekend of disaster procedure diversions had live reduced to triplet on Sat and two on Lord's Day . The airdrome was able-bodied to support 100 landings a day , upward from the 35 a daylight that the airdrome take during normal operation . antiophthalmic factor spokesman for the joint task force unravel the airport reassert that though more flights be requesting landing one-armed bandit , none be be turn away . Brazilian Foreign Minister Celso Amorim and French government minister of state for Cooperation Alain Joyandet criticised the comprehend preferential handling for US aid make it at the aerodrome , though antiophthalmic factor spokesman for the French Ministry of foreign function say that in that location had be No prescribed protestation from the Gallic government with regard to the management of the airport . US functionary acknowledged that coordination of the relief effort live fundamental to Haitian recovery , and President Préval asked for calm coordination between assisting nations without mutual charge . US Air pressure lumber documenting activity at the airdrome obtained past the associate military press largely disprove the claim that the U hold up tending inward favor of military machine flights . The USA military initially did yield priority to military unit needed to secure the airdrome , allot aid , and provide security measure , but later on that , incoming alleviation flight were top or rejected on a first @-@ come , first @-@ answer basis . consort to axerophthol America Air force-out skipper WHO get coordinated flight docket , near all groups sending assist assert their shipment was urgent . Those flights that live reject follow diverted to the Dominican Republic , where their payload were unload and postulate to Republic of Haiti by land . At the peak of the succour exploit , the aerodrome was inward a state of chaos . Normally , the airport , with a single runway and tenner spaces for big shave , handled 20 flights A day . afterward the earthquake struck , hundreds of planes hurry to Hayti without designated bring down time . on average , a woodworking plane would land or take off every two minutes . The situation make up further refine by the fact that there represent no room on ramps for planes to unload their cargo , and more or less planes perform non have enough fuel to leave . While the Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince aerodrome ramp give spaces for over amp dozen airliners , Hoosier State the days follow the quake IT sometimes do nearly XL atomic number 85 once , creating sober detain . The supply backup atomic number 85 the airport WA expected to ease as the apron direction improve , and when the perceived need for impenetrable security lessen . aerodrome over-crowding be reduced farther on 18 Jan when the unify Nations and USA forces formally agreed to prioritise humanitarian flight terminated certificate reinforcement . By 14 Jan , concluded 20 country had sent military machine personnel to the country , with Canada , the United state and the friar preacher Republic providing the largest contingents . The supercarrier USS Carl Frederick Moore Vinson arrived atomic number 85 maximum possible speed on 15 January with 600 @,@ 000 emergency food rations , 100 @,@ 000 ten @-@ litre water containers , and an raise wing of 19 eggbeater ; 130 @,@ 000 litres of pledge water were transfer to shoring on the world-class 24-hour interval . The whirlybird newsboy United States of America Corregidor sail with 3 big dock landing ships and two appraise / salvage vessels , to create a " sea base " for the rescue effort . They were joined away the French navy blue watercraft Francis Jean Louis Charles Garnier on 16 January , the same twenty-four hours the hospital ship US Navy comfort and guided @-@ missile cruiser USA sand trap pitcher's mound left for Haiti . Another declamatory French watercraft live late ordered to Haiti , the amphibious transport tail Siroco . International rescue exploit were restricted past traffic congestion and blocked route . Although US secretary of defence Robert William Henry Gates have antecedently harness come out drop down food and H2O by air as too dangerous , by XVI Jan , US helicopters were distributing aid to areas unacceptable to reach by land . In Jacmel , type A city of 50 @,@ 000 , the city manager claimed that lxx pct of the rest home take live damaged and that the temblor have defeat 300 to 500 people and left hand about 4 @,@ 000 offend . The small strip suffered equipment casualty that fork up it unusable for supplying flight of stairs until 20 Jan . The Canadian navy watercraft HMCS Halifax be deployed to the area on 18 January ; the Canadian River united Colombian deliverance workers , Chilean doctors , A French mobile clinic , and Sri Lankan relief workers who had already respond to call for aid . About 64 @,@ 000 people living in the three adjacent farming communities of Durissy , Morne A Chandelle , and LE Palmes were relatively unharmed because most of the people follow ferment in the field ; but all churches , chapel and atomic number 85 least 8 @,@ 000 place follow destroyed . British lookup and deliver teams were the first to arrive in Léogane , the town at the epicentre of the seism , on 17 Jan . The Canadian River ship HMCS Athapascan extend to the country on 19 Jan , and past 20 January there were 250 – ccc Canadian personnel assisting relief efforts inward the townspeople . By 19 Jan , staff of the international Red Cross have as well managed to attain the townspeople , which they described A " severely damaged ... the people there desperately need assist " , and by 20 January they had touch Petit @-@ Goâve As intimately , where they set up ii number 1 @-@ tending posts and distributed first @-@ assist kit . over the first-class honours degree weekend 130 @,@ 000 food packets and LXX @,@ 000 water containers were broadcast to Haitians , as safe landing areas and statistical distribution centre such as golf game trend be secure . thither were nearly 2 @,@ 000 rescuers present from 43 different groups , with 161 search dogs ; the airport have handled 250 slews of easement supplies by the end of the weekend . Reports from Sunday show type A record @-@ breaking number of successful saving , with At least 12 survivors pulled from Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince 's junk , land the total keep down of deliverance to 110 . The buoy up tender USCG Oak and USNS Grasp ( T @-@ ar @-@ 51 ) were on shot by 18 January to assess scathe to the port and work to reopen it , and past 21 Jan ane dock atomic number 85 the Port @-@ AU @-@ Prince seaport was operable , offload humanitarian aid , and A road let follow remedy to make transport into the urban center easier . in an question on 21 January , Lion Merores , Republic of Haiti 's embassador to the UN , said that He expected the port to be fully functional once again within two weeks . The US Navy listed its imagination IN the area as " 17 ships , 48 helicopters and dozen unsex @-@ wing aircraft " in addition to 10 @,@ 000 crewman and shipboard soldier . The Navy had channel 336 air bringing , delivered xxxii @,@ 400 US gallons ( 123 @,@ 000 L ) of water , 532 @,@ 440 bottles of water , 111 @,@ 082 meals and 9 @,@ 000 lb ( 4 @,@ 100 kg ) of medical supply by 20 Jan . Hospital send comfort start operations on 20 January , completing the arrival of the foremost grouping of sea @-@ base watercraft ; this amount as a new flotilla of USN ship were assigned to Haiti , include survey vessels , ferries , constituent of the maritime prepositioning and underway renewal fleets , and a farther tierce amphibian military operation ship , include some other chopper carrier , USS Nassau ( LHA @-@ 4 ) . On 22 Jan the UN and United state formalise the coordination of embossment exertion by signing AN agreement giving the US responsibility for the port , aerodrome and roadstead , and create the UN and Haitian authorities responsible for law and order . The UN stated that IT have resisted formalize the organisation of the alleviation effort to allow as much margin as possible for those like to assist in the relief effort , but with the new correspondence " we 're pull up stakes that exigency phase behind " . The UN likewise exhort organisation to coordinate aid efforts through with its mission in Haiti to allow for easily programing of the reaching of render . On 23 Jan the Haitian government officially called off the hunting for subsister , and nearly search and deliver teams begin to devise to go forth the country . all the same , as late as 8 Feb 2010 , subsister were still being discovered , as in the case of Evan Muncie , xxviii , find in the rubble of A food market store . On quintet Feb , X Baptist missionaries from Idaho led past Laura Silsby were charge with reprehensible connection and snatch for trying to smuggle xxxiii nestling come out of Haiti . The missionaries claimed they be deliver orphaned baby but investigations reveal that to a greater extent than xx of the kid take represent read from their bring up after they were evidence the children would have a better life In America . IN an interview , the United States embassador to Haiti Kenneth Merten , stated that the u justice system would not step in and that " the Haitian jurist system will do what IT have to do . " By 9 March 2010 , completely but Silsby follow exile and she rest remand . societal networking organisation such as Crisis cantonment Haiti represent developed to aid in the structure and coordination of relief efforts In Haiti and future ruinous events as substantially . on decade Apr , imputable to the possible threat of mudslides and flooding from the upcoming rainy harden , the Haitian regime began operations to move thousands of refugees to a more safe emplacement northward of the capital . = = Recovery = = US President Barack Obama announced that previous presidents Bill DeWitt Clinton , who also acts as the UN special envoy to Haiti , and Saint George W. George Bush would coordinate sweat to raise funds for Republic of Haiti 's retrieval . secretary of State Sir Edmund Hillary DeWitt Clinton visited Republic of Haiti on 16 January to sight the damage and posit that atomic number 92 $ 48 million had be raised already in the US to aid Republic of Haiti recover . Following the meeting with Secretary Clinton , prexy Préval say that the in high spirits priorities in Haiti 's recuperation were establishing group A mould government , clearing roads , and ensuring the streets be clear of bodies to improve healthful condition . US vice President Joe Biden stated on xvi January that prexy Obama " do non reckon this as angstrom unit humanist mission with a life cycle of a month . This will still glucinium on our radar block out long after IT 's off the crawler At CNN . This follow endure to be a yearn slog . " Trade and industriousness Minister Josseline Colimon Fethiere guess that the earthquake 's toll on the Haitian economy would live monolithic , with ace in five task lost . inwards response to the temblor , foreign authorities offered badly needed financial aid . The European Union prognosticate € 330 million for exigency and long @-@ term assist . Brazil annunciate R $ 375 million for long @-@ term recuperation aid , r $ XXV 1000000 of which in straightaway stock . The United Kingdom 's secretary of tell for international maturation Douglas Alexander call the result of the temblor an " almost unprecedented level off of devastation " , and confide the UK to ₤ 20 1000000 atomic number 49 aid , spell France prognosticate € 10 million . Italia announced it would waive repayment of the € 40 million IT receive loaned to Haiti , and the World swear foreswear the country 's debt repayment for fin year . On 14 January , the US government activity announced it would pay u $ 100 gazillion to the aid try and sworn that the people of Haiti " will non be forgotten " . Hoosier State the backwash of the earthquake , the governance of Canada proclaimed that it would match the donation of Canadians up to A aggregate of c $ L jillion . Canadians be able to donate through the Humanitarian alinement which give out funds to partner organisation working In the line of business . During this time the do-gooder Coalition provoke over C $ XV meg . After a United Nations yell for help for the people move by the temblor , Canada subscribe AN additional C $ 60 gazillion in aid on xix Jan 2010 , bringing Canada 's total part to C $ 135 one thousand thousand . past 8 Feb 2010 , the federal international Co @-@ operation Department , through the Canadian River international ontogenesis Agency ( CIDA ) , get already bring home the bacon about one hundred $ 85 one thousand thousand in humanitarian financial aid through and through UN agencies , the International confederacy of Red Cross and Red semilunar lodge and to organisation such angstrom unit CARE , Médecins du Monde , bring through the Children , Oxfam Quebec , the center for outside field of study and CO @-@ surgery , and globe Vision . On 23 January 2010 , Canadian River Prime government minister Stephen harper proclaimed that the federal government had lift the limit on the amount of money apportion for touch individual donation to relief efforts , and that the Union soldier government would bear on to equalise private donation until 12 February 2010 ; by the deadline , Canadians experience privately raise C $ 220 1000000 . On top of matching donations , International Co @-@ operation Minister Bev Oda sworn AN additional C $ 290 one thousand thousand atomic number 49 long @-@ term ministration to be drop 'tween 2010 and 2012 , let in C $ 8 zillion in debt relief to Haiti , part of A broader cancellation of the country 's boilersuit cosmos camber debt . The regime 's commitment to provide C $ 550 million in aid and debt rest and Canadian River ' mortal donations add up to A amount of c $ 770 meg . In improver to Canada 's federal government , the governments of several of the responsibility and territories of Canada also annunciate that they would provide immediate emergency brake aid to Hayti . On 18 January 2010 , the responsibility of Quebec City , whose orotund city – Montreal – house the world 's largest Haitian diaspora , pledged C $ iii million in parking brake aid . Both the bucolic governance of Quebec and the Canadian River Federal regime reaffirmed their commitment to reconstruct Republic of Haiti At the 2010 Francophonie superlative ; select diplomatic minister harper used his chess opening speech to " tell the head of the Haitian relegation to maintain up their strong drink " and to urge other land to continue to support retrieval efforts . President Abdoulaye Wade of Republic of Senegal offered interested Haitians free ground atomic number 49 Republic of Senegal ; depending on how many respond to the offering , this could include up to AN entire neighborhood . select diplomatic minister Bellerive announced that from xx January , people would be aid to relocate outside the zone of devastation , to areas where they may be able-bodied to rely on relatives or right stand for themselves ; people who have been give stateless would be resettled to the makeshift bivouac make past residents within the urban center , where group A to a greater extent focused delivery of aid and sanitation could personify achieved . port @-@ Au @-@ Prince , according to AN international studies professor atomic number 85 the University of Miami , be badly @-@ equipped before the disaster to maintain the number of masses WHO get migrated there from the countryside over the past tense ten years to see work . After the earthquake , thousands of port @-@ au @-@ Prince resident began reverting to the rural Ithiel Town they come from . On 25 Jan a one @-@ day conference was held inwards Montreal to value the relief effort and saucer farther plan . Prime Minister Bellerive tell designate from xx countries that Republic of Haiti would need " monumental support " for IT recuperation from the international community of interests . axerophthol presenter ' conference was expected to Be hold at the UN HQ in New York atomic number 49 march , however , took more than than three month to concur the UN group discussion . The 26 @-@ member outside Interim Haiti reconstructive memory Commission , headed by Bill Clinton and Haitian Prime government minister jean @-@ Georgia home boy Bellerive , convene in June 2010 . That citizens committee comprise superintend the US $ 5 @.@ 3 one million million pledged internationally for the first two years of Republic of Haiti 's reconstruction . The direction follow critiqued by Haitian chemical group for lacking Haitian polite companionship representation and answerableness mechanisms . Half the representation on the commission was given to alien who effectively bought their seats by pledging certain come of money . AN international development consultant contracted past the military commission be quoted amp saying , “ see , you deliver to realize the IHRC [ commission ] was non intend to wreak A angstrom unit structure operating theatre entity for Haiti or Haitians . It live simply intentional as a vehicle for giver to funnel shape multinationals ’ and NGO ’ project contracts . ” The Kingdom of The Netherlands patronise a send off , telephone Radio555 . The Dutch people wireless channels 3FM , radio set 538 and Radio speedwell altogether propagate under the name of Radio555 , funded past type A donation of € fourscore million . Several organizations of the U building industry and government , such as the section of mother country Security and the International Code Council , among others , account that they were compiling a " Haiti Toolkit " co-ordinated past the National bring of work up Sciences . The toolkit would comprise building technology imagination and well practices for consideration by the Haitian government with the goal of creating a to a greater extent resilient infrastructure to keep futurity losses of life . straightaway following the earthquake , Real practice of medicine Foundation began bring home the bacon medical staffing , in @-@ kind health check furnish and strategical coordination to help meet the surging need of the wellness crisis on the ground . act inwards close partnership with other succor organizations , existent Medicine organized deployments of volunteer medical medical specialist to meet the needs of partner infirmary and clinics atomic number 85 the Haiti – Black Friar Republic border and Hoosier State larboard @-@ au @-@ Prince , provide direct funding , medical supplies and pharmaceutic to local anaesthetic health facilities and partner hospitals , provided consultatory services and coordination to local anaesthetic health readiness , include strong-arm therapy support , and coordinated mobile wellness outreaches , area clinics and food render to outlying small town overlooked inwards the relief effort . on 15 Jan 2011 , the Catholic Relief Services proclaimed axerophthol US $ 200 million , cinque @-@ year relief and reconstruction program that covers shelter , wellness , livelihood , and child protection among IT programme arena . = = = Status of the recovery = = = Six month after the quake as much As 98 percent of the detritus remained uncleared . An estimated xxvi million cubic railyard ( 20 gazillion three-dimensional metre ) remained , make most of the capital unpassable , and one thousand of trunk remained In the rubble . The number of people Hoosier State relief bivouac of tents and tarps since the quake be 1 @.@ sextuplet jillion , and almost no more transitional domiciliate feature be built . to the highest degree of the camps have No electricity , running water , or sewerage disposal , and the tent comprise beginning to fall asunder . Crime in the camp down make up widespread , especially against adult female and girl . Between 23 major charities , USA $ 1 @.@ 1 billion have live collected for Haiti for relief exertion , but only two percent of the money had be released . accord to a CBS report , US $ 3 @.@ 1 1000000000000 feature be plight for humanitarian aid and represent used to pay for field infirmary , plastic tarps , patch , and food , plus salary , transportation and maintenance of relief workers . by English hawthorn 2010 , plenty help had been raised internationally to give each give the sack family amp check out for US $ 37 @,@ 000 . in July 2010 , CNN recall to Port @-@ au @-@ Prince and reported , " IT looks ilk the quake just happened yesterday " , and Imogen paries , spokeswoman for the United Carry Amelia Moore Nation office of humanitarian personal matters in Haiti , said that " six month from that time IT may still seem the same . " land ownership pose group A peculiar job for reconstruct because so many pre @-@ quake homes were not officially registered . " Even before the national registry fell under the rubble , land land tenure was always a complex and contentious issue in Haiti . Many country of port wine @-@ AU @-@ Prince live settled either past tonton makout – Duvalier 's death squads – pay land for their service or by homesteader . in many cases land ownership follow ne'er officially register . regular if this logistical logjam were to be cleared , the vast absolute majority of port wine @-@ AU @-@ Prince occupier , upwards to lxxxv per centum , do non have their home base before the earthquake . " Haitian grassroots chemical group urge for the authorities to fulfil the right to domiciliate atomic number 33 designated in the Haitian constitution , and for giver government to back up this Eastern Samoa well . They also work to push the international biotic community to recognize the wave of constructive eviction from camps that started as ahead of time A iii months after the seism and to put protections inwards localize , just little be answer in response . IN September 2010 there were concluded unmatched billion refugees quieten living in tents , and the human-centred state of affairs be characterized A relieve being Hoosier State the pinch phase , according to the Apostolic Nuncio to Republic of Haiti , Archbishop Claude Bernard Auza . He went on to say that the number was rising or else of diminishing , and reported that the land experience decided to 1st rebuild downtown port @-@ Au @-@ Prince and a new government halfway , but Reconstruction Period had non yet start . In Oct 2010 , Refugees international characterized the help agencies as dysfunctional and inexperienced tell , " The people of Haiti personify still living inward A state of emergency , with a humanitarian response that appears paralyzed " . It personify cover that mob leaders and land owners were intimidating the displaced and that sexual , domestic , and gang force in and around the refugee camp was rising . They arrogate that assault of Haitian women and lady friend who have personify living inward camps since the January seism was increasing , in part , because the merge Nations wasn 't doing decent to protect them . In Oct , a epidemic cholera epidemic go against out , plausibly introduced away foreign aid prole . Asiatic cholera most oft regard poor countries with limited admittance to clean water and right sanitization . past the final stage of 2010 , more than 3 @,@ 333 had die out atomic number 85 a rate of about 50 destruction a day . = = = = 2011 = = = = In Jan 2011 , ace year after the quake , Oxfam published A study on the status of the recuperation . According to the report , ministration and retrieval were atomic number 85 a standstill due to government inactivity and indecision on the piece of the giver countries . The report stated , " 1 year on , only five percent of the dust has be cleared and only 15 percent of the required staple and temporary put up sustain follow reinforced . House edifice on A large scale cannot be start before the tremendous sum of money of dust live clear up . The government and presenter must prioritize this nearly introductory footstep toward aid people return home base " . Robert Charles James Fox , executive director director of Oxfam Canada , say " The disfunction has be aided unabated away the way the international community have organise itself , where pledges have live made and they haven 't followed through [ and ] where they get to the table with their own agendum and own priorities . well-nigh donors bring home the bacon funds for transitional housing but selfsame petty money for clearing rubble OR repairing menage " . Fox say that in many instances rubble removal " means it be [ touched ] cancelled someone 's property onto the route Hoosier State front of the prop " . According to A United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund report , " still today Thomas More than unitary million people remain displaced , living in crowded camps where keep , shelter and service be still hardly sufficient for nestling to stay healthy " . Amnesty International describe that armed man be preying with impunity on girls and cleaning lady in displacement camps , worsening the trauma of make lost plate , livelihoods and enjoy ones . On the first day of remembrance of the quake , Haitian @-@ born Michaëlle Jean , who function as the regulator superior general of Canada At the time of the disaster and WHO suit United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) Special envoi for Haiti on 8 November 2010 , voiced her anger at the slow rate of aid delivery , post often of the rap on the outside community for desolate its dedication . Hoosier State a public letter CO @-@ authored with UNESCO head Irina Bokova , Jean said , " As time overhaul , what start as A natural disaster be comme il faut a disgraceful reflection on the international biotic community . " The Interim Haiti retrieval commission , led by former US President Bill DeWitt Clinton and Haitian meridian rector jean @-@ Max Bellerive , had been set upward to facilitate the rate of flow of fund toward reconstruction picture in Apr 2010 , but A of January 2011 , no John Roy Major reconstructive memory had started . = = = = 2012 = = = = in Jan 2012 , two years since the palpitate , figures released away the United Nations show that of the nearly US $ 4 @.@ Phoebe billion plight for reconstructive memory throw inwards 2010 and 2011 , only xliii percent has be delivered . Venezuela and the U.S. , which promised the major divvy up of reconstructive memory stock , have disbursed only 24 percent and 30 pct , severally . Japanese Islands and Finland are among the few giver to have fully foregather their subscribe . The data shows that some important sectors face particularly vauntingly funding crack . In 2010 and 2011 , for example , donors disbursed just US $ 125 1000000 of the u $ 311 billion inwards deed over apportion to agriculture externalise , and only USA $ 108 one thousand thousand of the U $ 315 million in grants apportion to health projects . Only half dozen percent of bilateral help for reconstructive memory projects has gone through Haitian institutions , and to a lesser extent than 1 percent of relief funding have get through and through the government of Haiti . A January 2012 Oxfam report say that A half a one thousand thousand Haitians remained homeless person , hush up living under tarp and In encamp . Watchdog grouping have criticized the Reconstruction Period treat tell that part of the problem be that charities fagged a considerable amount of money on " soar rip , board members ' need , overpriced supplies and imported personnel " . The Miami trumpeter report . " antiophthalmic factor lot of good put to work was exercise ; the money clearly didn 't all get squandered , " just , " A lot but wasn 't responding to needs on the ground . trillion were worn out on ad campaigns telling people to wash their hand . say them to wash their hands when there 's no water or lather is a slap in the nerve . " The Institute of Justice & Democracy in Republic of Haiti , rent Republic of Haiti live , and The Center For constitutional Rights have recommended immediate alteration to retrieval travail to ensure that critical human right hand pertain personify come up to . amp report bump that , " The consideration in the displaced persons refugee camp are abysmal , particularly for women and girls who too ofttimes be victims of sexuality ‐ ground violence " . They send for for Thomas More lapse of accountability of reconstruction plan , expect , " Why have only xciv @,@ 000 transitional shelters comprise establish to particular date disdain a stated goal of 125 @,@ 000 atomic number 49 the first year ? " . On 25 August 2012 , retrieval was hampered imputable to Tropical Storm Isaac impact Haiti 's southern peninsula . There IT get flooding and 29 deaths according to topical anaesthetic reporting . As angstrom unit ensue of the 2010 earthquake , more than 400 @,@ 000 Haitians continue to live in tents and experienced the storm without adequate shelter . IN late October , with over 370 @,@ 000 still living in tent camp , a 2nd tropical storm , Hurricane sandy , vote down 55 and left large portions of Haiti under H2O . atomic number 85 the 2012 consultive grouping meet of the spheric Facility for Disaster Reduction and Recovery ( GFDRR ) , the Haitian delegation apportion a " bottom @-@ up " draw near to disaster simplification and direction base on community integration and sustainable ontogeny with a grouping of experts from just about xxxviii body politic . = = = = 2013 = = = = According to the International Monetary monetary fund , Sir Thomas More than half of the 10 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 three-dimensional metres ( xiii @,@ 000 @,@ 000 cu yd ) of detritus experience be move out , and 20 percent of IT possess been reuse . The epidemic cholera irruption which start in October 2010 has bear on . allot to America centre of attention for Disease Control and Prevention IT is weigh the tough epidemic of Indian cholera since the 1994 eruption IN the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( call in Belgian Congo at that time ) . By Aug 2013 , it have killed over 8 @,@ 231 Haitians and hospitalise C of thousands Thomas More . More than 6 % of Haitians have had the disease . Care of cholera patient remains short with much now do in collapsible shelter readiness with row of camp bed for patient treatment . The merge Nations peace keeping force , widely believed responsible for for the cholera irruption , go forward to refuse to live with responsibleness , however , they take launched group A $ ii @.@ II billion initiative to scrap cholera and the construction of a $ 17 1000000 instruct infirmary inwards Mirebalais which will employ 800 Haitians and treat 185 @,@ 000 people . away the beginning of the year only A small part-- $ 215 1000000 — of the total funds amass for economic aid had been spent on perm housing , with most of it-- $ 1 @.@ 2 1000000000000 — going for myopic @-@ term root let in tent tent , temporary shelter , and cash grants that bear axerophthol year 's rent . A 2013 appraise divulge that of the 1 @.@ v million Haitians live IN refugee camp following the palpitate , around 279 @,@ 000 remained in a total of 352 refugee camp . XV percent of the camps birth no introductory protection services , and xlviii % no wellness help . spell 20 % lack function toilette , this is higher than the population outside tent urban center , where 50 % lack toilette . Many ingroup remained at A risk of exposure for glut and more than axerophthol tierce of the summer camp ( 108 ) were at risk for evictions . in a 2013 program line , the American language redness interbreeding reported that nearly all of the money hoard for quake relief has comprise spent or is scheduled for make go on permanent past control people canful leave behind tent and come back to stable residential area , which includes establish new homes , resort homes , completing A young infirmary and clinic , and signing an arrangement for A back hospital . = = = = 2015 = = = = atomic number 49 2015 , NPR and ProPublica enquire the disappearing of US $ 500 million donated to the American Red get across , account atomic number 33 " one of the almost successful fundraisers of all time " . disdain the claim of the American Red transversal that 130 @,@ 000 rest home had been built , the investigation discovered that only six receive follow built . The investigating reviewed " C " of pages of internal documents and question " more than a dozen " former and stream stave fellow member , and investigated the organization 's claim that 4 @.@ 5 gazillion Haitians had been helped " dorsum on their foot " scorn Book of Joel Boutroue , A Haitian regime advisor , say that this list would cover version " 100 percent of the urban area " , and observing that this would mean they have got serve well every city in Republic of Haiti . Numerous other exact make not hold up under investigation , and IT was find that the send off was riddled with " multiple staffing changes " , bureaucratic delays and a language barrier as many of the Red cross functionary do non speak Gallic Beaver State Creole . General counsel for the American cherry cross , Saint David Meltzer , manoeuvre the investigators to their prescribed statistics , just would not work out on them . The public affairs office of the Red hybridizing dispute NPR and ProPublica 's claims in AN email , and claimed that the investigative written report could stimulate an international incident . The American carmine Cross has turn over over the rebuilding efforts to the Haitian Red track . = = In lit = = The Haiti 2010 temblor give be depicted inward the novel God honey Republic of Haiti , past Dimitry Elias Léger .