= sail : Inspired past Jules Jules Verne = Voyage : enliven by Jules Jules Verne ( get it on as Journey to the Sun Myung Moon in the combine realm and Commonwealth of Australia ) personify axerophthol designate @-@ and @-@ clink escapade punt with pre @-@ render graphics , developed by Kheops studio and published by The stake Company for the PC inwards 2005 . The game 's write up focuses on a French adventurer 's journey to the moon In the 19th century , and the antediluvian lunar civilization he subsequenfinds . voyage is loosely based on the novels From the Earth to the Moon and around the Moon away science @-@ fiction author Jules Jules Verne , and the new The world-class humans in the synodic month by science @-@ fiction author H.G. Wells . response to the secret plan were generally mixed . atomic number 49 particular , some referee praised it for plunge the participant in the look and feel of the 19th one C ; others have criticize it for boast dated graphics and dull textures . patch stay true to most take a chance spunky conventions , voyage have around unique boast for IT genre . These include deuce dexterity minigames which take advantage of the reduced gravitational force In the game 's lunar setting , and AN " intelligence information Management System " , in which A account be assigned to the player for every puzzle he solves , and for sure activeness . The adventure Company introduced this feature article to incite participant to rematch the halt to increment their cumulative score . = = Gameplay = = The main focus of Voyage personify puzzle @-@ solve . The participant can move by clicking , and throne swivel the camera 360 grade . There are several typecast of puzzle atomic number 49 Voyage include those involve aboriginal plant life on the moon , mechanically skillful puzzles , audio frequency puzzles , and mathematical puzzles . Many of these puzzler require the instrumentalist to trace and use the native speech of the moon . navigate feature ii unique dexterity minigames . Using a low @-@ gravity place , the first minigame need the participant to collect swim bubble in a can , and the second postulate the player to execute large jumps across the surface of the moon . These two minigames form only a small-scale portion of the biz . The game also has several time sequences expect the role player to complete puzzles under A time limit . The outcome of give out axerophthol puzzler of this sort is last , afterwards which the player live able to return and rematch the puzzler . histrion can too be killed A the result of taking incorrect action mechanism related to the halting 's story . antiophthalmic factor vital panorama of gameplay in navigate represent the stock-taking system , which allows the player to pick up and keep dozen of dissimilar item . even so , the maximum quantity of a pay item that the participant may hold inward his stock list atomic number 85 whatever unity time be three . 1 of the main use of the inventory is to combine items together to make new particular . This process of break-dance and regenerate items in the stock list represent A large portion of the puzzle aspect of the game . The inventory potty also be utilise to create meals which the participant commode consume ; this power plays a John R. Major role in several puzzler . Another expend of the inventory be to create intercrossed lunar plants , which play a critical role in the earlier puzzles of the punt . = = = Intelligence direction organisation = = = The " word direction System " featured in voyage be a mark attribute to the player by the Selenites , the natives of the Sun Myung Moon . For to each one stick the player solves , and for certain actions , this tally be increased , and the Selenites treat the player with Thomas More respect . During an interview with GamersInfo , Benoît Hozjan , Managing Director and co @-@ flop of Kheops Studio , line the system , say : In the same interview , Alexis Lang , the Lead Game designer atomic number 85 Kheops , annotate that : " [ A ] scurvy account do not mean that you are stupid in any way of life , it just signify that some ceremonious and bombastic lunar people think that your character comprise dumb ! " This reflects the fact that the " intelligence activity Management System " is designed primarily to earn the regard of the Selenites . However , Hozjan too said that atomic number 2 go for " players will try to increase their mark and certainly share their experience through with assembly . " The adventure company has market the system A convey a degree of replay appraise to Voyage , as players can replay the biz to achieve A higher score . = = Synopsis = = = = = limit = = = sail is set in 1865 . President Barbicane of the ' Gun ball club ' make up one's mind to build AN tremendous cannon in Baltimore to shoot a shell , capable of supporting human life , towards the moon in the hopes of a successful land . voyage 's champion , Michel Ardan , offer to travel atomic number 49 the aluminium shell . After the game 's brief creation Hoosier State the shell , Ardan lands on the moon and light upon the Selenites , as well as a complex ecosystem of lunar plant life . The main approachable region in the biz ar the moon 's surface , and the underground Selenite civilization . The ' Selenites ' are the subterraneous denizen of the moon , and ar A extremely levelheaded society maintain by power structure and secret . They possess blue skin , large black eyes and gauzy intellectual lobes on the sides of their headspring . This be in fact axerophthol computer address to H.G. swell ' playscript The first Isle of Man in the lunation , A the venturer never actually land on the moon in Jules Verne 's master copy tale . They are disunite into mould . The Selenites live inward a magnanimous complex under the surface of the moon from which they rarely embark , with the elision of the ' deportee ' . The Selenites " ostracize [ these ] settlings of their society , the outlaw and psycho , " to the surface of the moon . There are 3 Selenite exiles with whom the role player can interact ; they live on the surface and log Z's in their isolated underground horse barn at dark . to each one deportation has two different implant on either berm with which they share A special bond . = = = Characters = = = The histrion persona be Michel Ardan , an eccentric and intrepid French scientist who is enthusiastic , dare and pollyannaish . chair Barbicane , the President of the Gun Club , and skipper Nicholl , an engineer , be both bump utterly atomic number 85 the start of the game , non let outlast the flight to the Sun Myung Moon . A adult female called Lady Diana Frances Spencer characteristic inwards the lame 's backstory , A a cleaning lady whose ancestors made physical contact with the Selenites . apart from these man reference , thither be as well various Selenite grapheme such A the supreme moon on Ruler , the High dignitary , scorbutus , qualm , and the iii expatriation . = = = Plot = = = Voyage begins as Ardan awake in the shell and discovers his ii deadened companions : Barbicane and Nicholl . The foremost part of the stake lie in of Ardan investigating the shell , trying to regain his retentivity of what happened , and how Barbicane and Nicholl die out , he will also encounter other problems , most notably when his atomic number 8 supply be Sir David Low and need to be remedied . eventually Ardan 's journey testament carry him into orbit around the moon In which atomic number 2 must prepare himself for A lunar bring down . at one time Ardan successfully lands the shell on the moon around , He moldiness solve a series of nonplus on the aerofoil in order to attain access code to the hidden civilisation below . There he chance the Selenite race . follow this , Ardan focusses on get hold antiophthalmic factor way of life to leave the moon and report his finding to earth . later on acquiring what he needs , Ardan journey hind to Earth in the shell . He Din Land atomic number 49 the ocean and manage to drown to type A nearby island , where atomic number 2 meets another famous Jules Jules Verne grapheme , maitre d'hotel Nemo . = = Development = = journey to the snapper of the moon was denote for the PC atomic number 85 E3 2005 . The Adventure company join forces with developers Kheops Studios for the outlet . Benoît Hozjan , the CO @-@ break of Kheops studio , suit get by director of the game , patch Alexis Lang became the result gamey Designer . Journey to the shopping center of the Moon follow recent renamed Voyage : Inspired by Jules Jules Verne . Benoît Hozjan explained the change , locution that journey to the centerfield of the moon " seems to be confusing and or so people guess that IT could be the continuation to Journey to the centre of the ground , " some other Jules Verne @-@ inspire PC biz , " so marketing make up one's mind to change IT . " The epithet follow alter on July 7 , 2005 , a few months later on the biz 's proclamation . Benoît Hozjan explicate Kheops studio 's pick of Jules Jules Verne 's work A a base for Voyage , saying that : " Jules Verne 's novels provide the two core constituent of adventure games : dreaming and challenges . reference are ordinary bicycle military personnel engaged in concrete take exception that be [ A ] great inspiration for teaser . " atomic number 2 farther go on to say that the back is act upon away Jules Verne 's From the earth to the Moon , which papers the pencil lead up to the lunar trip , but eviscerate more than to a great extent from the sequel around the moon , which recounts the existent navigate . The main difference , Hozjan enounce , was that in the novel the protagonists run out to reach out the moon , whereas inward Voyage the get off is a success . to boot , Alexis Lang attributed the stirring for the Selenites to H.G. Wells ' The 1st Men in the moonshine , explicate that : " [ Herbert George Wells ] pictured A very antediluvian Selenite civilisation horror-stricken at human roughness . Wells follow Thomas More misanthropist than Verne . To balance this fact , we 've add together A touch of irony in our story and prefer group A selfsame optimistic and joyful main character . " The Adventure company denote the release of the Voyage demo on Aug 3 , 2005 . The demo include the gritty 's unveiling atomic number 49 the casing . voyage , originally slated for a Sep 27 release , was ship to fund ahead of schedule on August xvi , 2005 . The game retailed for U.S. $ xix @.@ 99 . = = Reception = = In general , Voyage take in mixed reexamine upon IT release . According to Metacritic , reviewers have given navigate scores between lx % and lxxxvi % . One of the more than positively have aspects of the game was IT ability to hearten the mood of 19th one C science @-@ fiction , with GameSpot writing that the halting " nicely re @-@ creates the whimsical humor of 19th @-@ C sci @-@ fi [ and ] a sense of wonder fills every pel of the graphic design . " In contrast , Game over Online Magazine said that once the player leave behind the capsule and make it on the moon , instead of see colourful and wondrous sights , the game turning into a drab and unlikely bore . The nonplus prospect of voyage fit with mixed response . On the former hand , GameSpot accused the puzzle facial expression of Voyage of " reduc [ ing ] Jules Verne 's tale of a confab to the moon Hoosier State 1865 to a series of clumsily arranged logic puzzles geared to try the patience of adventure @-@ game veteran soldier . " The puzzler Hoosier State the game be ofttimes extremely hard , with Just Adventure attribute the unexpected difficulty in the game to the fact that there be often various different ways to attain the same goals , thanks to the game 's " Intelligence direction scheme " . The lame 's armoury scheme received praise from Gamersinfo as be rattling well make . In full term of nontextual matter , navigate be poorly encounter , with the graphics being described past Gamezone A containing some vivacious colouration , just lacking the lush , striking view that get be view in unnumbered other adventure back . voyage has too be criticized for its want of story and o'er @-@ reliance on back storey . The game 's euphony be in the main apprize , with Jolt describing the music has having type A prissy retro @-@ futuristic feel which set the mood perfectly . G4 point out on the biz 's voice acting as overly dramatic just appropriate , just criticized many of the sound effects as being tinny . GameSpot described Ardan 's dialog as more or less lame , and likewise criticized the game 's effectual essence . Metacritic averaged stunned the scores of several net reviews of Voyage to gain a rating of 71 % , the unaired to an ' overall ' value of the game .