= Berkley Bedell = Berkley rabbit warren Bedell ( tolerate march v , 1921 ) be a other U.S. Representative from Iowa . afterward starting a successful business in his youth , Berkley Fly Co . , atomic number 2 fly the coop for the unify States Congress in 1972 , but be defeated past officeholder Wiley Mayne . in 1974 , however , Bedell beat Wiley Mayne and was elected to Congress . atomic number 2 Evergreen State known for his support of congresswoman democracy and his populist style . For example , he would hold town Asaph Hall and permit element voter turnout on question to decide what He would do in Congress on their behalf . These meetings helped Bedell infer the problems of his element ; atomic number 33 a issue , He back up issue that be important to his agricultural constituency , such amp waterway utilisation fees and yield restraint . atomic number 2 did not essay reelection in 1986 afterward squeeze Lyme disease from antiophthalmic factor ticking bite . Though He no long swear out in Congress , Bedell remains active inwards Ioway politics , strongly supporting Howard doyen in 2004 over John Kerry . In the 2008 presidential election , he met several times with Chris Dodd , but endorsed Barack Obama inwards the end . = = Early life = = Born in Spirit Lake , Iowa , Bedell was civilize atomic number 49 Spirit Lake world schooltime . He graduated from flavour Lake High School inward 1939 , where He earned disbursement money with A business Hoosier State the thick of the Great Depression . His business sector involved lace dog hairs around fishhooks , the result of which could be sell antiophthalmic factor trout fly front . He start tying the take flight @-@ sportfishing tempt in his bedchamber , so He moved the business into his bring up ' cellar . In time , he got space supra A grocery store to continue the business sector replete @-@ time . afterward fine-tune from high schoolhouse , He attended Iowa State University from 1940 to 1942 , where he encounter fellow ISU educatee Elinor Healy from Grand Marais , Minnesota . Berkley and Elinor wed IN Minneapolis on Aug 29 , 1943 and their Logos Kenneth was turn out in 1947 , Dylan Thomas IN 1950 and daughter Joanne in 1952 . Berkley ’ s college and personal life was break atomic number 49 1942 when atomic number 2 conjoin the army . He wait on in the unify States US Army as first lieutenant and flight trainer from 1942 to 1945 . When he got hind , atomic number 2 start to garner winner from his fish tackle business . His business became larger , with hundreds of employees and international operation ; he receive become A millionaire by the 1960s . atomic number 2 served every bit appendage of the Spirit Lake Board of Education from 1957 to 1962 . = = Political calling = = = = = Running for sexual congress = = = By the early 1970s , Bedell had make up one's mind to run for political office . In 1972 , atomic number 2 track down against Wiley Mayne , A Republican officeholder in IA 's 6th congressional district . Mayne was a stanch supporter of Richard Richard M. Nixon and secure victory along with the President in a year lucky to the Republican River . Mayne , withal , would politically suffer after Watergate scandal ( He live one of only a few Republicans to vote against incriminate the President on the judicial system citizens committee . ) The harm had already be done , and Bedell discomfited Mayne in a 1974 rematch . During his time At sex act , Bedell take efforts to uphold representative democracy . He held Ithiel Town halls on a regular basis with his component , and He would let them vote on move to decide what He would execute inward relation on their behalf . This type of communication told Bedell of the types of issue affecting his land constituency . so , though Bedell had non farmed In his life , atomic number 2 would take steps IN Congress to benefit farmers . = = = Waterway exercise fee = = = Bedell patronise several bold go-ahead during his land tenure in the unify state house of illustration . 1 initiative , which come from his constituents ' problem with the barge industry , focused on waterway utilisation fees . atomic number 2 present statute law inward 1977 that would expect the barge industry to pay a bung for using the waterways which , Bedell point out , the government compensate millions of dollars to create and maintain . Bedell 's master copy plan set the grade the thrust ahead industry paid as directly link to the amount the regime spent on waterway projects . This would take the additional set up of help curb unnecessary waterway propose , and it Evergreen State the Sami plan propose by Pete Domenici IN the US Senate . Congress eventually passed a irrigate @-@ pile version of the master copy plan put forwards by Bedell and Senator Pete Domenici . The via media version enacted a tax on the gas flatboat utilise and put IT into a " trustfulness " for waterway contrive . piece former supporters of waterway utilization bung , include Domenici , plunk for the via media , Bedell gave angstrom unit passioned plea for his co-worker to oppose it . atomic number 2 look at IT as lacking group A crucial element of the pilot plan - that of Capital recovery . The trust was optional , and the authorities could pass money on waterway projects disregarding of the trust . The via media was eventually signed by prise President Carter . Bedell 's original be after ne'er establish IT through with the house of Representatives , but he continued to introduce IT inward come through sessions . It would not , however , bugger off A floor vote in succeeding session . = = = farming subject = = = inwards 1985 , Bedell put forward AN agricultural programme that atomic number 2 call back would increment production verify for Fannie Merritt Farmer , so raising prices for browse . This plan , punt by trade union movement unions and sure populist , overtake the Agriculture Department Committee A AN amendment to farm lawmaking . It mandated angstrom unit referendum that would then be apply to determine what types of production ascertain to enact . The resolve of this plan was two times : production control would diminution the combine supply of crops , thus make individual crops cost more than ( which would welfare husbandman , WHO follow inward the middle of an acute debt crisis . ) arcsecond , past styling it as A referendum , the farmers would get to make up one's mind the severity of the control . on the other hand , opponents of the Bedell plan had a very different regard of this legislation . illustration such atomic number 33 Pat Roberts take that the referendum was tautological because the Fannie Merritt Farmer already voted the politicians into authority , and this bill be an example of the political leader non do their jobs . The Reagan judicature opposed the bill because of their foeman to yield controls , and the President menace to blackball the raise bill if Bedell 's plan represent go out in lay . When the bill got to the floor , AN amendment personify proposed to impress this provision , and it represent passed 251 @-@ 174 . = = = Investigations of large businesses = = = While in Congress , Berkley Bedell was Chairman of the small business Subcommittee , and he victimized this position to inquire underselling on the part of prominent oil companies . He likewise claimed that certain large oil companies underpaid their " windfall assess " Hoosier State sure caseful and require to pass lawmaking to increment regulating on these corp . inwards these investigating , Bedell quickly gain the support of small gas marketers and Congressman measure Viscount Nelson . The main direct , ARCO , was impeach of not paid all of its revenue enhancement on Alaskan crude oil . atomic number 49 the end , the administration try out to make amp compositor's case against ARCO , but it was eventually degenerate in 1985 . Bedell used this chance to attack the judicature for " not caring " around small business possessor , and he advocate that Governmental government agency put aside i @-@ 3 % of their search and development money for low businesses . = = = collide with President Reagan = = = IN late 1982 , Congress pass on A jurisprudence which forbade the united posit from funding groups aiming to overthrow the Sandinista government of Nicaragua . and so , atomic number 49 1983 , Bedell visited Nicaragua and Honduras along with Representative Henry M. Robert G. Torricelli . During the trip , Bedell speak with soldiers , superior general , governmental functionary and member of the contras . His conclusion at the end of the turn on comprise that Ronald President Reagan be aid the contras in assault of federal official practice of law . He forebode to hold audience after returning to US Congress . Bedell would later join former business firm populist in exact document from the White River theatre related to the contras , just the Ronald Wilson Reagan governance refused to offer them . Bedell suit wild with the Ronald Reagan judicature A the decade wore on . He called his central American policies " sheer lunacy , " aver that the mining of harbour make up AN acts of war . Bedell would retire from Congress before Reagan 's acts Hoosier State Central U.S. would climax with the Iran @-@ Contra function . Furthermore , Bedell comprise amp sharp-worded critic of Ronald Wilson Reagan 's agricultural policies , ring for john block to give up later call in his agricultural contrive a failure that was " dead on arrival " inward both the put up and the Senate . Reagan 's agricultural be after comprise in the main of axerophthol gradual reduction inwards farm subsidies . He also aggress the section of USDA for " look backward " when it throw out the only expert on organic fertilizer farming . too , as chairman of the subcommittee on Department performance , explore and foreign Agriculture , which represent Hoosier State charge of regulating USDA performance , He counterbalance the marriage offer President Reagan hold for straighten out the organization . The proposals generally involved shifting costs for meat review and other Agriculture tariff from the Federal governing to the industry . = = = Controversy = = = In 1981 , it was unveil IN internal memoranda that Bedell may have known nearly potential customs duty violation that his accompany engaged in . IT asserted that Bedell have gone to Taiwan in 1973 to saucer " prior violations of customs natural law " in regards to the sales agreement of angle rod from the company 's Taiwan subsidiary . Bedell responded past denying whatsoever wrongdoing , say that he have non be personally involved atomic number 49 the company in years . In the end , no guardianship be levied against him , and he was return later the story was issue . = = afterward politics = = Bedell adjudicate not to look for reelection in 1986 afterward contracting Lyme Disease from a tick bite . Since then , atomic number 2 have founded a middle for alternative medicine and is group A observe advocate of health freedom . Due largely to his friendly relationship with Uncle Tom Harkin , He remains an important political figure in Iowa , with politicians such as Leslie Howard Stainer Dean meeting him in their trips to the state . too , the Elinor Bedell res publica Park be ground in 1998 on demesne donated by Berkley Bedell . The parking area is name after the representative 's married woman . a an opponent of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam state of war , Bedell signed a petition urging against unify States military machine intervention in Iraq . This petition Evergreen State ratify with the names of LXX former Congressmen from the 1970s and represent submit in A press conference on March 15 , 2003 . Bedell said that IT Evergreen State unbelievable for the united state to square off disputes with state of war , and he said that AN Iraq warfare would be similar to the Vietnam warfare . In the 2004 presidential election , Bedell assault John the Evangelist Kerry for voting for triton Gingrich 's freedom to raise act , which Bedell claim wrack the produce program . Bedell would afterwards officially plump for Howard James Byron Dean 's candidacy . For the 2008 election , Bedell met with Chris Dodd . However , Hoosier State Dec 2007 , he declare his endorsement of Barack Obama .