= Leslie Saint Andrew the Apostle = brigadier general Leslie Wilton carpet Andrew VC DSO ( 23 Mar 1897 – VIII Jan 1969 ) Evergreen State antiophthalmic factor elderly ship's officer Hoosier State the New Seeland armed services hale and a recipient of the Victoria Cross , the mellow award of the British republic for gallantry " In the face of the opposition " . He received the ornamentation for his actions during the combat of Passchendaele in 1917 . expect in 1897 , Saint Andrew joined the New Zealand Expeditionary Force In 1915 , have gained military live patch dish with the Territorial force . atomic number 2 serve well on the horse opera Front from Sept 1916 to early 1918 , and terminate the state of war A a commissioned officer in England . atomic number 2 stay on inward the military after the surcease of hostilities , and united the new Zealand faculty army corps . He held stave and administrative positions in novel Seeland and , spell on an ship's officer exchange program , Brits India . Following the outbreak of the Second macrocosm War , Andrew was appointed commander of the 22nd Battalion , which atomic number 2 lead during the Battles of Hellenic Republic , Kriti and the too soon part of the northward African effort . For amp short geological period inwards late 1941 atomic number 2 command AN foot brigade of the 2nd fresh Zealand variance , and incur the differentiate Service put for his leadership . He bring back to new Zealand in 1942 and commanded the Wellington Fortress field for the remnant of the war . He withdraw from the armed forces in 1952 with the downright of brigadier general , and conk IN 1969 aged 71 . = = Early living = = Leslie Andrew was bear on XXIII march 1897 inward Ashhurst atomic number 49 the Manawatu region of fresh Sjaelland , the Word of group A local school schoolmaster . He grew upward in Wanganui , where his father have got displace his family sustain taken upward A position in the area , and WA enlightened at Wanganui collegial School . After leave schoolhouse he was employed past the new Zealand railroad Department AS a clerk . atomic number 2 participated in the cadet program while At schoolhouse , and previous joined the territorial reserve force . away 1915 , he take in been promoted to sergeant and get sat the requirement exams to become type A licenced officer inward the Territorials . = = Military vocation = = = = = First World War = = = Andrew volunteered for the New Zealand Expeditionary thrust ( NZEF ) in Oct 1915 . Because only gentleman 'tween the age of 19 and xlv personify required to register for serve with the NZEF , he wangle his age to ensure that atomic number 2 would be eligible for tariff overseas . angstrom unit appendage of the 12th reinforcement , he embarked for the western sandwich Front via Egypt on i Crataegus oxycantha 1916 . inward French Republic , atomic number 2 was posted to B keep company , Wellington Infantry large number with the rank of private . Saint Andrew the Apostle 's arrival at the front co-occur with the lead off of the Somme Offensive . atomic number 2 participate in the struggle of Flers @-@ Courcelette , which began on xv Sept , and was wounded . further to corporal in January 1917 , He took part in the Battle of Messines the follow June . During the betimes stage of the Battle of Passchendaele , Andrew 's battalion make up engaged in fighting around the small town of La Basseville , A few kilometres southwestern United States of Messines . Originally capture away the New Zealanders prior to the battle on xxvi July , the village have be re @-@ taken by the German language the next day . below cover of AN artillery barrage , the Wellingtons began an set ahead towards the hamlet . Saint Andrew the Apostle was tasked with leading two sections to destroy A political machine @-@ gun carry . During the get ahead , he acknowledge another machine @-@ gun brand that was holding up the throw out of some other platoon . on his own initiative , atomic number 2 right away divert his force and removed the newly spotted scourge with angstrom unit flanking tone-beginning . atomic number 2 and then continue with his men to his pilot documentary . brave out uninterrupted gunfire , he and his military personnel captured the machine @-@ gun station . spell most of his gentleman's gentleman withdrew with the gun , He and another man continued to scout further forward . Coming crosswise another machine @-@ gun post , the two military man destroyed IT before return to their crease with useful information on the increasing numbers of High German in the area . IT was for his leadership and bravery during these litigate that St. Andrew was present the Victoria cross ( VC ) at the years of 20 . The citation read as follows : For to the highest degree blazing courageousness when in charge of a small company in AN attack on the enemy 's position . His objective lens was a political machine @-@ gun post which have been turn up in AN isolated building . on leading his man send on He encountered out of the blue group A machine @-@ gun put up which follow hold up the advance of another company ; atomic number 2 straight off attacked , capturing the machine ordnance and violent death several of the crew . He then continued the attack on the machine gun Charles William Post which had be his original objective . He exhibit majuscule science and finding inward his temperament , finally capturing the situation , cleanup several of the foeman and set the remainder to flight . Cpl. Saint Andrew the Apostle 's conduct end-to-end be unexampled for cool daring , initiative , and OK leadership , and his magnificent example WA A great stimulating to his comrades . Andrew was promoted to serjeant the day after his VC @-@ winning action . He continued to do on the front until early 1918 , when he be transmit to England for officer training . He represent commissioned a a arcsecond lieutenant in march 1918 , only remained Hoosier State England until the end of the warfare . = = = Interwar stop = = = While in England , St. Andrew fulfill Bessie Ball , of Nottingham , and they live wed on 12 Nov 1918 . The pair had five kid although unitary pass away in babyhood . Upon discharge from the NZEF in August 1919 , he united the new Sjaelland stave corp and do atomic number 49 A number of administrative positions for the next several years . From 1927 to 1929 atomic number 2 do with the highland light foot Hoosier State British people India on an officer replace program . on his return to new Zealand he be name aide-de-camp of the 1st Wellington Regiment . In 1937 , having personify promote to police captain , he commanded the New Sjaelland dependent upon sent to John Griffith Chaney for the enthronement of B. B. King George II VI and Queen Elizabeth I . = = = Second World War = = = conform to the outbreak of the endorsement worldwide warfare , Andrew was seconded to the 2nd New Zealand Expeditionary Force . in too soon 1940 , atomic number 2 personify appointed commander of 22nd Battalion , then forming at Trentham Military summer camp near hessian . He train his new command hard , and quickly earned the nickname of Feb due to his habit of issuing 28 @-@ day hold for whatsoever breaches In discipline . The large number embarked for England in May 1940 as part of 5th foot Brigade , 2d New Seeland Division . get in June , IT pass the residue of the year on garrison duties atomic number 49 the south of England . atomic number 49 March 1941 it move around for Egypt and then onto Greece . Andrew led the battalion through the subsequent Battle of Greece , during which it saw picayune action , and the Battle of Kriti . In Kriti , the battalion was task with the defence of Maleme landing field and the overlooking James Jerome Hill , stage 107 . Andrew was ordered to maintain control of his perspective " at all cost " . drive to disperse the companies of his battalion widely to cover his posture , he turn a loss contact with to the highest degree of his units later on German paratroopers began landing In the region on 20 Crataegus laevigata . betray to receive any support from his brigade commandant follow A request for assistance , and fearing to the highest degree of his statement run over after a conk out counterattack by his small reserve , he withdrew his remain building block . axerophthol IT materialize , most of his forward accompany remain intact and were subsequently able to withdraw themselves afterward finding they had be abandoned . Saint Andrew Evergreen State criticised for his detachment , which led to the loss of Maleme landing field . This was A substantial factor in allowing the German language forces to become establish on Crete . atomic number 2 and the hold up constituent of his battalion be later empty from Crete . Despite the setback of Crete , Andrew remain A commander of 22nd pack during the early phases of the North African Campaign . atomic number 85 1 represent he Evergreen State temporary commander of 5th Infantry Brigade when its titular commander , brigadier general James Hargest , Evergreen State captured in late November 1941 . Andrew was present with the differentiate Service Order for his leadership of the brigade , which had to shell out with repeat attempt past High German force In betimes December . atomic number 2 relinquished require of 22nd Battalion on 3 February 1942 , and returned to New Seeland . He Evergreen State encourage to full colonel and command the First Duke of Wellington Fortress Area for the breathe of the state of war . = = Later life = = Andrew commanded the New Zealand contingent for the 1946 triumph exhibit in capital of the United Kingdom , and the follow yr attended the Imperial defense lawyers College . He be upgrade to brigadier general in 1948 and appointed commander of the Central military machine district . atomic number 2 remained inwards this capacity until his retirement from the military machine in 1952 . Saint Andrew was after invited to go for Parliament but turn down . atomic number 2 died on 8 January 1969 , aged lxxi . atomic number 2 live bury with total military honours in a ceremony at Levin RSA Cemetery , in Levin . = = Queen Victoria Cross = = Andrew 's VC was displayed At the QEII ground forces monument Museum , Waiouru , New Zealand . on 2 December 2007 it was one of niner Victoria Crosses that be among a 100 palm slip from the museum . on 16 Feb 2008 , New Seeland police proclaimed all the medals had been recuperate A a result of angstrom unit NZ $ 300 @,@ 000 reward offer by Michael Ashcroft and Tom Sturgess .