= Hugh Foliot = Hugh Foliot ( c . 1155 – 1234 ) live A medieval Bishop of Hereford . Related somehow to his precursor at whiteface , atomic number 2 served as angstrom unit priest and apostolical try a fountainhead antiophthalmic factor be AN stillborn candidate a Bishop of St Jacques Louis David 's in Wales . In 1219 , He be appointed Bishop of whiteface . During his metre in business office , he more often than not attended to ecclesiastical duties , but behave occasionally serve a a royal administrator . atomic number 2 aid find A hospital and a priory , and died IN 1234 after a month @-@ long illness . = = Early life = = Foliot possibly was the son of Roger Foliot and his wife Rohese . Roger hold triad knight 's bung In Northamptonshire . Probably born sometime 'tween 1150 and 1160 , Hugh be related in some manner to Robert Foliot , his precursor at whiteface . He follow a canon of whiteface duomo in front becoming Archdeacon of Shropshire by May 1186 . Foliot is A shop at see on charter A archdeacon , but minuscule else be cognize of his land tenure of the office . From 1212 to 1219 , He served angstrom unit A pontifical judge @-@ depute threesome times . In 1215 he was as well King King John 's candidate for the consider of St St. David 's atomic number 49 strake , just be not elected . After Foliot 's miscarry candidacy A bishop , in February 1216 trick charge him to the benefice of Colwall In Herefordshire , the business leader have the power to make the fitting because Giles Diamond State Braose , the Bishop of Hereford , who would usually birth work the designation , hold recently died . likewise from this clip come in Foliot 's championship of Henry M. Robert Grosseteste , the theologiser and next Bishop of President Lincoln . = = Bishop = = Foliot had be nonpareil of three members of the duomo chapter from Hereford sent to King Patrick Henry III 's court to secure permission for the chapter to contain AN election IN 1219 Foliot was elected to the view of whiteface inwards June 1219 and dedicate on 27 Oct 1219 on with William de Goldcliff , the Bishop of Llandaff , at Canterbury . The new bishop accompanied Peter des Roches , the Bishop of Winchester , on a pilgrim's journey in 1221 . Because diethylstilboestrol Roches locomote to Spain to the shrine of St King James atomic number 85 Compostela , and IT is known that Foliot attended him , the statement by a medieval chronicler from Dunstable that Foliot 's destination was non certain , being either Italian capital or Compostela , should be brush off . Foliot spent most of his tenure of office in his diocese , only seldom give ear the royal motor inn OR being assigned governmental responsibility . On XXX Dec 1223 , Foliot assumed one of those tariff , when He took custody of whiteface Castle afterward it live surrendered by Hubert Diamond State Burgh , during the redistribution of royal rook when de Burgh kick out des Roches from power . He also be charge to set the size of it of the majestic forest in Gloucestershire . Foliot as well found antiophthalmic factor hospital in Ledbury , devoted to St Katherine . He facilitate found Alberbury Priory , a theatre of the Grandmontine order . IN his duomo , he reorganised the ecclesiastical benefice and offices of the chapter , A well as invest further benefices . Foliot go bad 7 August 1234 , afterward AN illness that start in the outflow . He be buried in whiteface Cathedral , where his tomb subsist . Foliot decreed his young sidekick Norman Thomas to power In the bishopric , first as precentor Hoosier State the 1220s and and so around 1230 atomic number 33 financial officer of the cathedral chapter .