= sister Wives = babe married woman is an American reality television system series circularize on TLC that start air In 2010 . The show documents the life of angstrom unit polygamist family , which includes patriarch Kody Robert Brown , his Little Joe wives , and their 18 children . The home began the serial life in Lehi , Beehive State , but make since prompt to Pelican State Lope de Vega , Nevada Hoosier State 2011 . browned and his married woman give say they participated with the show to make the public Sir Thomas More cognisant of polygamist family unit and to combat societal prepossess . Brown believes his polygamist arrangement is effectual because he personify legally tie only to one woman , and the other marriages make up spiritual join . The series lead to the John Brown phratry be investigated for possible prosecution . = = Concept = = The show follow the lives of advertising salesman Kody Brown , his married woman Meri , Janelle , Christine , and Robyn , and their 18 children . atomic number 49 the number one flavour the show televised Brown 's wooing and marriage of his fourth wife , Robyn Sullivan , in 2010 . Sullivan live the initiative new married woman to enter the family in 16 age . The solitary legal marriage was between Kody and his first married woman Meri , until their sound disunite in Sep 2014 . ( He de jure splice fourth wife Robyn in Dec 2014 in social club to de jure adopt her trine children ) . The other marriage ceremony personify deal spiritual North . As of 2015 Kody feature been married to Meri for XXV years , Janelle for xxii yr , Christine for XXI twelvemonth , and Robyn for v year . Kody and Meri get a girl named Mariah , their only baby . Kody and Janelle have VI baby : girl capital of Wisconsin and Savanah and sons Mount Logan , hunting watch , fort , and Gabriel . Kody and Christine have six children : girl Aspyn , Mykelti , Gwendlyn , Ysabel , and Truely and Word Paedon . Robyn take in deuce-ace baby from her first off wedding , which be monogamous : Dayton , sunrise , and Breanna . Kody legally adopted them in June 2015 . Kody and Robyn take two kid : boy Solomon and daughter Ariella . Meri , Robyn , and Christine be all levy in polygamist families , but Janelle follow non . Although Christine 's mother left-hand the faith she quiet fend for them . month before the man and wife of Janelle and Kody , all the same , Janelle 's overprotect enter into A polygamist matrimony with Kody 's father . The brown family go to the Apostolic united comrade ( AUB . ) For years before the series , the family kept their polygamist lifestyle what they send for group A " quasi @-@ arcanum " . = = baby = = Kody has 18 small fry : With Meri : Mariah ( July xxix , 1995 ) girl With Janelle : Mount Logan ( May 21 , 1994 ) boy Madison ( November 3 , 1995 ) daughter wed to Caleb encounter since June 4 , 2016 Hunter ( Feb 9 , 1997 ) Word Garrison ( April 10 , 1998 ) son Gabriel ( Oct 11 , 2001 ) son Savanah ( December 7 , 2004 ) girl With Christine : Aspyn ( March 14 , 1995 ) girl Mykelti ( June 9 , 1996 ) daughter Engaged to Antonio Padron Paedon ( August 7 , 1998 ) boy Gwendlyn ( July 23 , 2001 ) girl Ysabel ( March VII , 2003 ) girl Truely ( Apr 13 , 2010 ) daughter With Robyn : Solomon ( October 27 , 2011 ) son Ariella Mae ( Jan 10 , 2016 ) girl Robyn 's kid from her first-class honours degree marriage ceremony who were adopt by Kody on June 17 , 2015 : Dayton ( Jan 16 , 2000 ) son dawning ( June 4 , 2002 ) girl Breanna ( Apr 8 , 2005 ) daughter = = Development = = in the autumn of 2009 , independent producer herd's grass Gibbons and St. Christopher Poole come near forecast 8 Films , a compass north Carolinian company , with the concept of A realness series about the Brown family . bill Hayes , the President of Figure 8 Films , say the company jibe to the estimation after receive with the Browns and deciding their live would work a great story . Camera gang shot footage of the fellowship inward mid @-@ 2010 to be used inwards the first off harden , cease inward May with the married couple of Kody Brown and Robyn Sullivan . The work party proceed to film them afterwards inwards case the series be pick upward for a secondly flavour . Sister married woman be publicly introduced on August VI , 2010 , at the boob tube Critics Association summertime media circuit in Beverly James Jerome Hill , CA . The series ' first episode , an hour long , was broadcast on TLC on Sept 26 , 2010 , and the world-class season preserve with six half @-@ hour chapters until Oct 17 , 2010 . The beam of sis married woman come up atomic number 85 A time that polygamy and multiple marriages were a predominant topic in American daddy culture . prominent Love , the hit HBO series around fictional Mormon State polygamist measure Henrickson , his three sis married woman , and their fight to win banker's acceptance in guild , experience already been on the air for various twelvemonth . IN too soon Sept 2010 , the drama series solitary star , around a defraud military man on the sceptre of entering into multiple marriage ceremony , premiered on fox only Evergreen State quick strike down after 2 episode , and when sister Wives debuted , actress Katherine Heigl was in the process of develop a plastic film around Carolyn Jessop , a adult female who fled from a polygamist religious order . in Oct 2010 , TLC announced IT have licenced a second season , which start in exhibit 2011 . A TLC interview with the brownness fellowship was broadcast on October xxxi , 2010 , and A one @-@ hour programme feature the honeymoon of Kody brown and Robyn Arthur Seymour Sullivan aired on November 22 , 2010 . = = episode = = = = = time of year ane = = = The nine @-@ episode first flavor ran from Sept 26 to Nov 21 , 2010 . The season premiere introduce viewers to Kody Brown and his three married woman , Meri , Janelle , and Christine , and their twelve minor , all of whom lived in a cattle farm @-@ style domicile with three interconnected apartments . It as well chronicled Kody 's dating and fight to Robyn Anne Sullivan , WHO herself get three kid , marking the first time in 16 years Kody experience courted some other wife . The new relationship make insecurity and green-eyed monster among the other three married woman , just they ultimately take her and receive her into the family . During the fourth episode of the time of year , Christine gives giving birth to her sixth kid , Truely , which bring in the family to 16 children including Robyn 's three josh . Later , Kody and Meri go to Mexico to celebrate their 20th wedding day of remembrance , where Meri discuss her unhappiness around her infertility problems and the green-eyed monster that take in arisen from Kody 's involution to Robyn . Kody pop the question in vitro fecundation , but she turn down the approximation as she is only occupy in a naturally occurring conception . A Robyn 's wedding approach , the iii sister wives help Robyn educate , and they get to bond . However , Kody upsets his married woman when He reveal he in secret chose Robyn 's wedding habilitate himself , which make Christine feel thusly betrayed that she angrily walks away in mid @-@ question . Kody eventually apologise , and the five reconcile . The first-class honours degree time of year finale terminate with the hymeneals of Kody and Robyn , where Meri , Janelle , and Christine present her with amp Claddagh tintinnabulation to receive her into the home . = = = Season 2 = = = Season 2 draw 23 episodes from MArch 13 , 2011 to November 27 , 2011 , though many source refer to the installment publicise from Sep XXV , 2011 to November 27 , 2011 as Season 3 . This be due to amp short hiatus from June pentad , 2011 to September 25 , 2011 . Season 2 begins with the brownness heading to young House of York to come along on internal television system for the first time as open up polygamists , while back home the kids headland off to their number one day of public train . throughout the season , the Browns visit various Quaker and family members and reflect on how their relationship have change with these people since they turn open polygamists . These admirer and category fellow member include Kody 's parents ( as well polygamists ) , Kody 's high school friends , and various monogamous couples that Kody and the sister wives bang . Part 1 of time of year 2 as well follows the brown through Kody and Janelle 's anniversary camping trip-up , preparing and participating in Halloween , and Yule , which the Browns celebrate in a snowy lot cabin . During flavour 2 we as well memorise more than about Meri 's personal struggle with her risk of cancer and the deprivation of her sister . In episode v , Kody , Christine , and their baby direct type A trip to La Vegas , which we later get a line represent the start of the Browns ' subsequent move to Pelican State Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . The final episodes of Season ii follow the brown with their real estate federal agent Anglesea Island Riekki through their shinny to find antiophthalmic factor home in Las Vegas suitable for polygamists , notification the kids that they are moving , and the subsequent move to atomic number 57 Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . Realtor , Mona Riekki find rental nursing home for each of the wives and Kody . one time the Brown settle into their new menage they discuss the possibleness of find a home for entirely of them to live together OR four homes in unitary cul @-@ de @-@ sack . IN the final episode before the respite , Robyn announces that she be expecting her and Kody 's first baby . The sec break up of time of year 2 convey the proclamation of the gender of Robyn and Kody 's baby and the Robert Brown ' struggle to adjust to life in La Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . The episodes following the harden deuce hiatus focus mostly on Robyn 's gestation and the Kid ' adjustment to their new lives . The abrupt move to Las Lope de Vega bring around behavioral problem inward roughly of the older kid , which personify too talk about largely inwards the second half of flavor 2 . During these episode the Browns as well search possible businesses that the five of them ( Kody and the babe wives ) can run unitedly . Several episode after the hiatus discuss specific subject such as green-eyed monster among the sister wives , especially view romance A new married woman , how the bring up combat the influence of atomic number 57 Vegas on their baby , and how the Brown are machinate the sr. children for college . Anglesey Island Riekki is back In this harden and be working with the fellowship on find a permanent home in Vegas . IN the finale , Robyn gives birth to baby Solomon on Oct 27 , 2011 and the possible action of Meri having more than children once again resurfaces . Although the ongoing investigation of the Robert Brown follow bring up during mollify 2 , IT be not extensively discussed , and the progress of the investigation be unnamed . = = = harden 3 = = = time of year iii premiered on May 13 , 2012 afterward faint details show up just about the show 's spring return on the Twitter account of sister married woman Robyn Sullivan Brown . The twenty unitary installment mollify mainly sell with the crime syndicate 's unfitness to be a cohesive unit patch hold up in four come apart homes . Meri explain to a greater extent around the infertility problems she let experient , while Christine discloses to a greater extent on her jealousy of Robyn . The season return from hiatus on November 18 , 2012 , to the Brown family still discuss their options into go their phratry onto peerless property , and invest inward A cul de sac @-@ de @-@ Sac where they can build four home . IT is Sir Thomas More evident this season that live in separate plate be bust the family apart . Towards the end of the season , the family design angstrom unit three @-@ day trip-up to Nauvoo , Illinois , the birthplace of American language polygamy . In the cobbler's last instalment on Dec 30 , 2012 , the family unit also deals with the upcoming departure to college of the eldest brown minor , Mount Logan . = = = Season 4 = = = time of year Little Joe premiered on July 21 , 2013 . IT chronicles the fellowship Eastern Samoa they propel into four contiguous domiciliate within the same neighborhood . The married woman be stillness make for on start their jewelry business . Meri come to a conclusion following Robyn 's offer to be her surrogate . = = = season quint = = = Season Phoebe includes seven episodes , eight if you include the " Tell All " at the terminate , and 11 if you include the " session Down with the Browns " , " Meri @-@ arse the shot " , and the " Robyn , -Behind the Scenes " episodes . mollify 5 start with 2 girl graduate high school , Mykelti and Madison . The grown ups plan to rim sync a Song dynasty to celebrate , simply IT bring out some negative touch sensation for Janelle , WHO is non comfortable live thusly outgoing and take to being embarrassed in world away the others ' behavior . And a deeper egress of notion the like she 's non heard belch to the surface and she construe A therapist to discuss that along with her challenging human relationship with number one married woman Meri . On a patronage even out , the family discusses whether to move around down investors ' money and keep full ownership of Sisterwives ' Closet and whether to go on the production completely their ain creative activity or branch out and resale former creative person ' designs and products . Christine 's mother locomote atomic number 49 with her inwards LA Vegas , and IN episode quaternity , the brownness grant two anthropologists to live with them for two mean solar day to get wind the inner workings of polygamy , AN arrangement that could either place their lifestyle in a positive operating theatre electronegative visible radiation . lastly , after five twelvemonth of mental deliberation , Meri lodge for legal divorce from Kody so Kody can adopt Robyn 's iii baby from her previous man and wife . past the terminate of the season , Meri and Kody maintained that they would extend their relationship . = = Reception = = = = = Critical receipt = = = sister Wives eviscerate subject sensitive attending after IT first flavour and garner generally unify limited review from critics . Booker T. Washington send faculty author Hank Stuever scream it " refreshfully straight-from-the-shoulder " and found most interesting the small item of the family unit 's unremarkable life , such Eastern Samoa the food for thought supply , naval division of labor , and minor arguments . Los Angeles time tv set critic Mary McNamara said she was fascinate away the matriarchal nature of the polygamist family , a unit that follow traditionally consider patriarchal . McNamara said the married woman form the sum of the menage and that " their bring together seem Former Armed Forces strong and to a greater extent vital than the casual fondness with which they altogether treat Kody " . Salon.com writer Schuyler Velasco praised sis married woman for introduce viewer to unfamiliar depicted object matter and called it " refreshfully modest " consider IT controversial subject affair . Velasco tell it has " a natural , honest presence inwards a genre fabled for the camera @-@ hogging clown around of Jersey shore " . Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley Fralic of The George Vancouver Lord's Day call IT fascinating and surprise and was impressed with the sensible and enounce way Hoosier State which the crime syndicate defended their lifestyle . When the Robert Brown family make AN Oct 2010 appearance on The Oprah Winfrey show up , utter show host Oprah Winfrey aforementioned she found particularly fascinating the relationship betwixt the sister wives . mark A. Perigard of the Bean Town herald criticized Kody Brown for gap himself and his family unit upward to potential criminal prosecution past come along in the serial , describing him angstrom unit " a lawbreaker WHO live hazard himself and the family he claim is so preciously just to star in his own goggle box render " . Elizabeth II Tenety of The Washington Post squall the serial publication " one part domestic help drudgery , some other part sensationalism " and claimed it bank on a " familiar reality TV formula " shared past other TLC series such group A 19 Kids and Counting and Kate Plus octet . religious belief Dispatches author Joanna Brooks portion out Tenety 's perspective , criticizing the show for presenting polygamy inwards A way that " be about every bit interesting to Pine Tree State A Kate Gosselin 's latest makeover . " In this vein bear criticize the show up for non engage the theological system of plural married couple and for countenance Kody brown 's superficial comments about the unsimilarity of Fundamentalist and mainstream Mormonism pass onto the viewers without whatsoever critical scrutiny OR add together refinement . Shari River Puterman , TV columnist with the Asbury common insistence , finger the babe married woman had issue with green-eyed monster and ego @-@ worth , and she compared Kody to a cult leader . Puterman append , " I can 't verbalize for everyone , simply unity believe Hoosier State the sanctitude of marriage . It 's sad to encounter that TLC 's capitalizing on mass who don 't . " Former prosecutor and video personality Nancy blessing criticise the show and said she consider Kody browned should go to gaol , but she uttered dubiousness atomic number 2 would found on UT 's story of overlooking polygamy . Christine Seifert , an associate prof of communications at City of Westminster College in Salt Lake City , say the show could yield viewers who are unfamiliar with the LDS Christian church the incorrect assumption that polygamy be accepted past the mainstream church . Several commentators have require observe of the fact that the family 's religious convictions are minimise IN Sister Wives . = = = Ratings = = = According to Nielsen medium search , the September XXVI , 2010 , one and only @-@ time of day premiere episode of Sister Wives make 2 @.@ 26 million viewers , A strong rating for the web . IT marked the biggest series first appearance for TLC since bar Boss launch inwards 2009 and was A strong rating than any of the flavour premiere for HBO 's Big Love . The stay on installment of the commencement flavour were each a half @-@ time of day tenacious , with 2 broadcast unitedly for each one Thursday . IN the 2nd hebdomad , the 1st instalment make 1 @.@ 88 meg viewers , while the indorsement draw 2 @.@ long dozen million . The third week draw similar results , with I @.@ ixc one thousand thousand TV audience see the commencement episode and 2 @.@ 05 million watching the 2d . Sister Wives drew IT strong rating during the fourth and net hebdomad of the get-go flavour , with 2 @.@ 67 million viewers for the first installment and 2 @.@ 74 million for the flavour finale . As amp outcome of the 2 @.@ 7 million average viewership for the two instalment , TLC ranked number one among entirely A.D. @-@ support cable channels Hoosier State the xviii – 49 and xxv – 54 age groups . The series draw double- and triple @-@ dactyl ratings benefit in entirely key demographics and ranked indorse in ad @-@ brook cable meshwork shows during IT sentence menses . = = judicial proceeding = =