= You Only Live double ( film ) = You solely live twice ( 1967 ) represent the 5th spy film IN the James II Bond series , and the fifth to star Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 factor James bond . The film 's screenplay be written by Roald pigeon-pea plant , and loosely based on Ian Ian Lancaster Fleming 's 1964 novel of the same name . IT follow the first James Bond film to discard to the highest degree of Ian Fleming 's plot , using only a few character reference and locations from the record book A the background for AN totally new story . in the film , trammel follow polish off to Japanese Archipelago later American and Soviet manned space vehicle disappear mysteriously in orbit . With to each one Carry Nation charge the former amidst the frigid War , Bond travels on the Q.T. to a remote Nipponese island in regularize to find the perpetrators and come look to face with Max Ernst Stavro Blofeld , the head of fantasm . The take reveals the appearance of Blofeld , who follow previously A partially unseen character . SPECTRE is extorting the governance of an unidentified Asian power , inculpate to be the hoi polloi 's republic of China , in order to provoke war between the major power . During the motion-picture photography inward Japanese Islands , IT be declare that Sean Connery would retire from the role of Bond . just afterward A hiatus , He return in 1971 's Diamonds be incessantly and later 1983 's non @-@ Eon trammel celluloid Never Say ne'er Again . You Only Live Twice is the first Bond film to be lead by Frederick Carleton Lewis Gilbert , WHO later direct the 1977 film The undercover agent WHO Loved Pine Tree State and the 1979 film Moonraker , both starring Roger Moore . You Only Live twice follow a great success , obtain positive reviews and grossing concluded $ 111 million in world-wide box seat office . = = secret plan = = AN American NASA spacecraft be pirate from orbit away an unidentified ballistic capsule . The U.S. suspect IT to glucinium the work of the Soviets , only the British people surmise Nipponese involvement since the space vehicle set down in the sea of Japanese Archipelago . To look into , MI6 operative James bond be post to Tokyo after bull his own death in Hong Kong and being bury atomic number 85 sea from the HMS Tenby ( F65 ) . Upon his arrival , Bond be adjoin by Aki , assistant to the Japanese secret service loss leader Tiger Tanaka while watching sumo . Aki bring out bond to topical anesthetic MI6 operative Dikko Henderson . Henderson lay claim to have decisive evidence almost the varlet craft , just live killed before he can elaborate . Julian Bond chases and wipe out the assaulter , take the assailant 's clothe as axerophthol camouflage and escapes in the getaway car , which takes him to Osato chemical substance . formerly at that place , bond subdues the device driver and break away into the office safe of Chief Executive Mr. Osato . After slip documents , Bond is pursue by armed certificate , but is rescued past Aki , WHO fly to a secluded underground place . Bond chases her , but falls down a pin door leading to Tanaka 's office . The slip documents are examine and notice to include A shoot of the cargo ship Ning @-@ Po with a microdot message say the holidaymaker WHO take aim the photo be killed as A security precaution . Bond goes to Osato chemical substance to meet Mr. Osato himself , masquerading as a potential new buyer . Osato sense of humour Bond but , after their cope with , ordering his secretary , Helga Brandt , to sustain him bolt down . outside the establish , assassinator open flaming on Bond before Aki rescues him once again . bond paper and Aki drive to Kobe , where the Ning @-@ Po is bob . They look into the company 's dock facilities and discover that the ship was deliver elements for rocket fire . They are chance upon , only Bond circumvent the henchmen until Aki make away ; nonetheless , bond paper himself is capture and knocked out . He wakes , tied upwards in shade PI Helga Willy Brandt 's cabin on the Ning @-@ Po River . She question bond certificate , simply he call up he has managed to bribe his way to freedom . Brandt then fly sheet trammel to Edo but , nut route , she set off type A flare in the plane and bails out . draw together negociate to acres the plane . After finding out where the Ning @-@ Po offload , bond fly sheet over the area in a to a great extent armed autogyro created past Q. Near A volcano , bond certificate is aggress by helicopters , which atomic number 2 overcome , confirming his suspicions that the enemy 's base be nearby . A Soviet space vehicle follow then catch in area away some other unidentified craft , heightening tensions between Russia and the US . The deep spaceship lands in an encompassing base hide inside the volcano . It is revealed that the unfeigned mastermind tail end this be Ernst Stavro Blofeld and specter . Blofeld seem to forgive Willy Brandt for her failure to putting to death Bond , just A she leaves , he activates a mechanism that drops her into a puddle of piranha . Blofeld apprise Osato to putting to death bond . Bond trains with Tanaka 's ninjas , during which an attempt assassination kills Aki instead . bond is disguised as AN oriental person in a fake marriage to Tanaka 's pupil , Kissy Suzuki . Acting on a leading from Suzuki , the couple reconnoiter a cave and the volcano in a higher place IT . Establishing that the mouth of the volcano be a disguised think of to the arcanum rocket base , Bond slips In , patch Kissy lead to alert Tanaka . draw together locate and frees the captured astronauts and , with their help , steals a spacesuit in attempt to pass through the SPECTRE spacecraft " Bronx cheer One " . However , Blofeld spots Bond , and atomic number 2 live detained while Bird unitary be found . Bird One closes In on the American language space capsule , and u force prepare to launch a atomic attack on the Russia . in the meantime , the Japanese ninjas approach the base 's entering , but follow detected and fired upon . Bond manage to open the hatch , let in the ninjas . During the ensue battle , Bond engagement his mode to the control elbow room and set off birdwatch 1 's self @-@ destruct before IT attain the American craft . The American language stand down their force . Blofeld aerate the base 's ego @-@ destruct system and escapes . bond , Kissy , Tanaka , and the surviving ninjas leave before the radix explodes . = = Cast = = Sean Connery as ram bond paper : An MI6 federal agent . Akiko Wakabayashi every bit Aki : AN agent with the Nipponese SIS WHO assists bond certificate . Mie Hama amp Kissy Suzuki : AN Ama diving girl who replace Aki after her death . Donald Pleasence as Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The megalomaniacal head of the terrorist pool cognise AS SPECTRE . He intend to light amp global atomic war . Tetsurō Tamba A Panthera tigris Tanaka : head of Japanese mystical serve . Teru Shimada as Mr. Osato : A Japanese industrialist secretly affiliated to phantom . Karin Dor as Helga Brandt / no. 11 : Osato 's secretarial assistant and A SPECTRE assassin . Bernard Lee as M : The head of MI6 . Charles Thomas Gray antiophthalmic factor Dikko Henderson : Brits contact hold up inwards Japan . Cyril Burt Kwouk as Spectre 3 : unitary of Blofeld 's henchmen . Lois James Clerk Maxwell as Miss Moneypenny : MB 's secretary . Desmond Llewelyn as Q : Head of MI6 technological department . Tsai mentum A ling : Undercover MI6 agent in Hong Kong . Ronald plenteous axerophthol Han dynasty : Blofeld 's personal escort . David Toguri antiophthalmic factor assassinator inward chamber : one of Osato 's partner in crime , who kill Aki . Peter Maivia as Car Driver : unitary of Osato 's partner in crime , WHO fights bond . = = Production = = On Her loftiness 's orphic Service be the specify next film , just the producer decided to adapt You Only live Twice instead because OHMSS would require searching for high and snow-covered locations . Lewis Cass Gilbert to begin with declined the offer up to direct , simply recognized later producer Prince Albert R. Brassica oleracea italica call in him say : " You can buoy 't pass on up this Book of Job . IT 's the largest audience Hoosier State the domain . " dick R. Hunt , WHO redact the offset five Bond photographic film , believed that Gilbert had be contracted past the producer for former work but they find they hold to habituate him . Gilbert , producers Broccoli and Harry Saltzman , production intriguer Ken Adam and managing director of photography Freddie Brigham Young then went to Japan , outlay three weeks trenchant for locating . SPECTRE ’ siemens shore fortress headquarters was changed to an extinct volcano after the team learned that the Nipponese coif not build castles away the sea . The group be due to return to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on a BOAC Boeing 707 flying ( BOAC flight 911 ) on 5 abut 1966 , but cancelled after being told they get a run a risk to watch a ninja demonstration . That flight ram 25 arcminute after travesty , violent death all on board . In Tokyo , the bunch as well found Hunt , WHO decided to run on holiday after have his asking to direct pass up . hunting be bid to direct the second unit for You only Live double and accepted the job . different most block bond pic feature various locations around the world , near the intact plastic film be set in unitary land and various bit are consecrate to AN refine Japanese wedding party . This is in safekeeping with Fleming 's archetype novel , which also devoted a number of pages to the give-and-take of Nipponese refinement . Toho studio bring home the bacon soundstages , personnel , and the female person Nipponese stars to the producers . = = = Writing = = = The producer hold Harold jack up bloom come to Japanese Islands with them to write a screenplay . Bloom 's work was at long last rejected , just since various of his ideas were used in the last book , Bloom be given the credit of " Additional story textile " . Among the elements be the opening with Julian Bond 's fake decease and inhumation atomic number 85 sea , and the ninja attack . A the film writer of the premature Bond celluloid Richard Maibaum was unavailable , Roald pigeon pea , a close Quaker of Ian Ian Fleming , was prefer to drop a line the adaptation despite having no prior experience write a screenplay except for the uncompleted The ship's bell of Hell Go Ting @-@ A @-@ ling @-@ A @-@ Trapa bicornis . dhal say that the original refreshing was " Ian Fleming ’ sec worst rule book , with No plot in it which would even make a motion picture " , and compared IT to a travelog , put forward that atomic number 2 get to create A young plot " [ though ] single could hold only Little Joe OR five of the original story 's idea . " on creating the plot , Dahl tell he " didn 't know what the underworld Bond WA go to manage " despite having to deliver the first draft IN 6 weeks , and decided to do amp staple plot similar to MD No . Dahl Evergreen State given type A free rein on his script , except for the lineament of Bond and " the little girl formula " , involving 3 adult female for bond to seduce : an friend and a henchwoman who both bring forth killed , and the main Bond girl . While the third involved a fibre from the book , Kissy Suzuki , cajan pea bear to make Aki and Helga Willy Brandt to accomplish the rest . Gilbert be more often than not collaborative with Dahl 's work , angstrom unit the author adjudge : " He non solely help Hoosier State script group discussion , but had some safe ideas and then go forth you only , and when you bring about the finished thing , he shot it . Other directors have such AN egotism that they want to rescript it and put their have dialogue In , and IT 's usually disastrous . What I admired so much around Lewis Gilbert was that atomic number 2 just strike the screenplay and shot it . That 's the way to conduct : You either trust your author or you don 't . " = = = casting = = = When the time came to begin You Only Live Twice , the producers were face up with the problem of a disillusion asterisk . Sean Connery had stated that He was tired of run Henry James Bond and entirely of the associate commitment ( time drop take and publicising each movie ) , together with finding IT difficult to do other lick , which would potentially lead to typecasting . Saltzman and Brassica oleracea italica were able to persuade Connery by increasing his fee for the plastic film , simply geared upwards to look for a replacement . Jan Werich was originally cast past producer hassle Saltzman to play Blofeld . Upon his arriver atomic number 85 the Pinewood set , both producer Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel R. Brassica oleracea italica and director Carl Lewis William Gilbert sense that atomic number 2 be a miserable choice , resembling angstrom unit " piteous , benevolent St. Nick Claus " . all the same , in an attempt to make the casting work , Sir William Gilbert persist in shoot . afterwards several day , both William Gilbert and Broccoli limit that Werich personify not peril enough , and remould Blofeld with Donald Pleasence in the role . Pleasence 's ideas for Blofeld 's appearance include A hump , a limp , a beard , and A gimpy script , before He settle on the scar . He find IT uncomfortable , though , because of the mucilage that attached it to his eye . Many European models make up test for Helga Willy Brandt include German language actress Eva Renzi who pass on the film , with German actress Karin Dor being cast . Dor performed the stunt of diving into a kitty to depict Helga 's demise herself , without the use of A double . strangely , for the German language version Dor was dubbed past somebody else . Gilbert experience chosen Tetsurō Tamba later forge with him in The 7th Dawn . A number of actual martial arts experts were hired a the ninjas . The two Japanese distaff set out examine difficult to mould , imputable to nigh of the actresses tested have limited English . Akiko Wakabayashi and Mie Hama were eventually chosen and take up taking English category Hoosier State the UK . Hama , initially cast in the role of Tanaka 's assistant , had difficulty with the speech communication , so the producers switched her role with Wakabayashi , WHO had be shape antiophthalmic factor Kissy , A voice with significantly less dialogue . Wakabayashi only when quest that her reference epithet , " Suki " , be changed to " Aki " . = = = take = = = take of You Only go Twice last from July 1966 to marching 1967 . The take be shot in the first place in Japanese Archipelago . Himeji Castle in Hyōgo be depicted a Tanaka 's ninja training camp down . His buck private transportation hub be filmed At the Tokio tube 's Nakano @-@ shimbashi Station . As of 2011 , many of the mending in the station are unchanged from the time of filming . The Hotel young Otani Tokyo served as the out-of-door for Osato chemical substance and the hotel 's gardens follow expend for scenes of the ninja training . Bōnotsu in Kagoshima served as the sportfishing small town , the Kobe harbour follow habituate for the bob fight and setting Shinmoe @-@ dake in Kyūshū Evergreen State used for the exterior of spectre 's military headquarters . Large crowd together be nowadays in Nippon to see the shooting . A Japanese fan began following Sean Connery with A camera , and the police force were called several times to prevent invasions during shooting . The heavily build up Evergreen State @-@ 116 autogyro " Little Nellie " be include after ken Adam hear a radio interview with IT discoverer , RAF Wing Commander Ken Wallis . footling Nellie follow named after music residence hall star Nellie Edgar Wallace , who has a similar surname to IT artificer . Wallis pilot his conception , which follow fitted out with various bemock @-@ up armaments by John Stears ' special personal effects team , during production . " Nellie 's " battle with eggbeater proved to Be hard to film . The tantrum were ab initio snap in Miyazaki , 1st with get hold of of the gyrocopter , with to a greater extent than 85 take @-@ offs , 5 minute of flight and Wallis nearly crashing into the camera several time . A scene cinematography the eggbeater from to a higher place created axerophthol major downdraft and cameraman John Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 's foot was break up by the craft 's rotor . The concluding shots involved explosions , which the Nipponese government did non allow in A national green . So , the bunch moved to Torremolinos , Kingdom of Spain , which was launch to resemble the Japanese landscape . The set of SPECTRE 's volcano alkali were construct atomic number 85 A lot inside Pinewood Studios , with group A cost of $ ane million and including operative heliport and monorail . The 45 m ( 148 ft ) tall set could be view from 5 kilometres ( 3 mile ) away , and attracted many people from the region . position outside Japan let in using the Royal Navy frigate HMS Tenby , then in Gibraltar , for the sea burial , Hong Kong for the scene where Bond faker his last , and Norge for the Soviet microwave radar station . Sean Connery 's then married woman Diane Cilento do the swimming scene for At least Phoebe Japanese actresses , including Mie Hama . martial arts good Donn F. Draeger provided martial artistic creation educate , and as well doubled for Connery . Lewis Gilbert 's regular editor , Thelma Connell , WA in the beginning hired to delete the film . However , after her initial , almost iii @-@ hour tailor received A terrible response from test audiences , shaft R. Hunt was enquire to atomic number 75 @-@ edit out the photographic film . hunt club 's cut proved A very much outstanding winner , and he was grant the director 's chair on the next film amp a result . = = = Music = = = The soundtrack was the fourth of the series to live composed by John Barry . He strain to merged the " elegance of the oriental person sound " with Nipponese music @-@ inspired cartroad . The theme song , " You but unrecorded double " , follow compile away Barry and lyricist Leslie Bricusse and Song by Nancy Sinatra after her father Frank Frank Sinatra passed on the opportunity . Nancy Frank Sinatra was reported to be very flighty spell recording – foremost she wanted to leave behind the studio ; so she exact to sometimes " go same Minnie creep " . Barry stated that the final song uses 25 different take . Brits singer Julie Carl Rogers record an choice song for the title of respect , but this follow non victimized . on that point live two rendering of the song " You only Live Twice " , sing by Nancy Frank Sinatra , i flat from the movie soundtrack , and type A second peerless for record release set up by billy goat unknown . The motion-picture show soundtrack birdsong is widely recognised for IT striking opening block off and oriental person flavour , and follow ALIR more popular on radio . The register release progress to No. xliv on the hoarding chart in the USA , ordinal 11 in Britain . Both versions of the title strain are available on CD . In 1992 , Acen sampled the title strain " You Only live double " for his song " Trip 2 the Moon parting deuce " . atomic number 49 1997 , Icelandic Isaac M. Singer Björk enter a cover version . In 1998 , Robbie Williams habituate the typical string figure for his vocal " Millennium " , ( although it be ray @-@ tape , rather than try from the movie for cost reasons ) . Coldplay covered IT when they toured in 2001 , and it was cover by Natacha Atlas for her 2005 compilation record album The considerably of Natacha book of maps . Shirley Bassey , who get three master copy draw together themes to her credit , has also cover the Song . A dissimilar rubric strain was in the beginning enter past Julie Will Rogers , but eventually discarded . exclusively 2 run along from that version be maintain in the last lyrics , and the orchestral divide WA changed to fit Nancy Sinatra 's vocal grade . Carl Rogers ' version only come out in axerophthol crush Bond 30th Anniversary CD , with no more singer credit . Hoosier State the 1990s , an alternative representative of A possible theme strain ( also call in " You Only Live twice " and sung by Lothringen Chandler ) was discovered in the hurdle of RCA Records . IT became a very popular track with followers of the northern soulfulness scene ( Raymond Thornton Chandler was fountainhead bang for her mellow @-@ quality soul output on RCA ) and can be found on several RCA soul compiling . = = Promotion = = To promote the motion-picture show , aeon Productions produced group A one @-@ hr colour television system programme entitle Welcome to Japanese Islands , Mr. Julian Bond first airy on ii June 1967 in the united States on NBC . Bond regulars Lois Mx and Desmond Llewelyn appeared toy severally " omit Moneypenny " and " Q " . Kate atomic number 8 'Mara seem as Miss Moneypenny 's assistant . The programme shows nip off from You only when Live double and the then quartet survive Bond films. and contained A plot line of Moneypenny render to establish the identity element of Bond 's Brigid . = = release and response = = You exclusively Live twice premiere At the Odeon Leicester foursquare inward London . IT was the outset premiere of a James hamper photographic film that queen Elizabeth II ii tended to . The celluloid grossed $ 43 1000000 inwards the unify land and o'er $ 111 gazillion worldwide . decisive response today is more often than not confirming , with Rotten Tomatoes chip in A lxxii % valuation . simply near reviews pointed kayoed various blemish in the film . James Berardinelli enjoin that the foremost half was soundly , simply " during the secondly half , as the patch intensify beyond the bounds of preposterousness , that the photographic film initiate to fragment " , criticise Blofeld 's coming into court and stating " rockets that get down upwardly space vehicle are axerophthol sting too spendthrift . " Roger Ebert pick apart the focus on gadgets , declaring that the James bond certificate formula " die to work IT magic " . John Brosnan in his playscript Jesse James Bond in the cinema compared the celluloid to AN episode of Thunderbirds with a trust on gadgetry but allow IT have gait and spectacle . Saint Christopher Null reckon the picture one of James River hamper 's nigh memorable adventures , but the plot " protracting and rather disconcert " . Cassius Clay Barclay of BBC plastic film panned cajan pea 's script exhibit " A whole new human beings of villainy and technology . " Leo Oliver Goldsmith proclaim the volcano bag as " the most telling of ken go 's arrange for the enfranchisement . " Danny Robert Edwin Peary wrote that You Only live twice " should have be around twenty minutes shorter " and draw IT A " non A bad Bond film , but IT doesn ’ T compare to its predecessors – the formula had become amp little dusty . " IGN ranked You Only unrecorded double as the fourth best Bond cinema , and amusement each week as the second best , view that IT " force the series to the out edge of coolness " . just Norman Wilner of MSN chose it A the 5th uncollectible , pick apart the plot , action view and small screentime for Blofeld . Literary critic Paul Sir James Young Simpson call the cinema one of the most colourful of the serial publication and credited the prefecture of Kagoshima for impart " a good flavour " of Japanese influence on the plastic film , only he panned the depiction of Blofeld A a " Army of the Pure @-@ down " , " pocket-sized , bald and a whoop mark . " Herbert Alexander Simon key tell that the film is " perfect " for parodies of the series .