= U2 concert in Sarajevo = on 23 Sept 1997 , the Irish people stone band U2 support a concert At Koševo Stadium in Sarajevo , Bosnia and Herzegovina , AS part of the radical 's PopMart tour . They live the first major artist to hold a concert in the city after the end of the Bosnian state of war . Approximately 45 @,@ 000 fans go to the exhibit . The band number one go involved with Sarajevo inwards 1993 on their Zoo television set Tour ; approached away aid worker Bill Carter around play tending to the beleaguering of Sarajevo , the band carry every night planet transmission system with Bosnians during their show . These link up @-@ ups were the depicted object of criticism from journalist for mixing entertainment with human disaster . Although the state of war get IT impractical for U2 to gossip Sarajevo atomic number 85 the time , they consecrate to eventually play A concert in the city . After the conflict ended atomic number 49 Nov 1995 , they create arrangements to visit Sarajevo , and with help from combine commonwealth embassador and peacekeeping operation scout troop , they scheduled and work the concert inward 1997 . The band offered to hold a benefit concert operating theatre small show IN Sarajevo , just it was requested that they stage a to the full PopMart concert . The performance consequently feature the tour 's extravagant leg , and the band play A coiffure lean typical of the tour . The show brought together people of different ethnicities WHO had previously clashed during the state of war , and train inspection and repair was temporarily take up to let concertgoers to go to . Among the strain played make up " Miss Sarajevo " , written away U2 and Brian Eno about a beaut pageantry support during the state of war . Although the band be displeased with their functioning and lead vocalist Bono throw vocal difficultness , the concert was swell received and represent credit with up morale among Bosnians . The fellow member of U2 consider the show to be among their proudest bit . The concert was proclaim past Bosnians . = = background knowledge = = = = = War in Sarajevo = = = Socialist Federal republic of Union of Serbia and Montenegro live write of six constituent republic : Bosnia @-@ Herzegovina , Croatia , Macedonia , Montenegro , Serbia , and Republic of Slovenia . inwards 1991 , Hrvatska , and Slovenija seceded from Yugoslavia . Bosna i Hercegovina @-@ Herzegovina — a republic with a flux population consist of Bosniaks , Serbs , and Croat — followed cause in butt against 1992 in A highly controversial referendum , make stress In the ethnical communities . Bosnian Serb reserves , whose strategical goal be to break away from Bosnia and Herzegovina and unite with Srbija , encircled Sarajevo with amp siege thrust of 18 @,@ 000 place inward the surrounding hills , from which they set on the urban center with arm that included artillery , howitzer , tanks , anti @-@ aircraft guns , sonorous machine @-@ guns , projectile rocket launcher , and aircraft bombs . From ii May 1992 until the end of the war inwards 1996 , the metropolis make up block . The ground forces of the commonwealth of Bosnia-Herzegovina and Herzegovina , numbering rough 40 @,@ 000 interior the besieged urban center , was peaked equipped and unable to snap off the besieging . Meanwhile , end-to-end the country , M of preponderantly Bosniak civilians live driven from their homes in a physical process of ethnic purifying . In Sarajevo , fair sex and children attempting to steal food were ofttimes terrorized past Bosnian Serb sniper fire . = = = U2 's response = = = In 1993 , U2 were In European Economic Community for the " Zooropa " leg of their Zoo TV Tour . Before their 3 July show Hoosier State Verona , Italian Republic , the band receive type A fax from receiving set Televizija Bosne I Hercegovina expect for AN question regard the situation IN Bosnia . The band agreed and encounter with an American help worker make bill Carter , WHO play every bit the station 's foreign associate , due to Serbian travel restriction . James Earl Carter describe his experiences inward Sarajevo serving Bosnians piece living the dangerous living experimental condition . atomic number 82 vocalist Bono was unnerved to hear that those living in jury-rigged bomb shelter in the metropolis fiddle music , let in U2 's , At aloud volumes to drown out the sound of explosions . While in Sarajevo , James Earl Carter Jr. ingest seen A idiot box interview on MTV In which Bono mentioned the musical theme of the Zooropa tour leg was A unified EU . feel that such an aim follow empty if ignoring the Bosnians ' affiance , Carter assay Bono 's help . atomic number 2 requested that U2 go away to Sarajevo to bring aid to the war and break the " mass medium fatigue " that had occurred from covering the conflict . Bono agreed to Carter 's quest without asking the rest of the band , and when informed of the idea , the former members yield only tacit commendation . They briefly conceive wreak an spontaneously concert IN the city , with Bono suggesting that they execute inward the dugout where Carter and his protagonist hide during the beleaguering . atomic number 2 said , " fifty-fifty if completely we fix is about extra attention for Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina on MTV , that 's something " . The idea come through with when it was point out that the logistics of transporting their equipment into the city were unacceptable , as the only way into Sarajevo follow on a combine Nations skim . manager Alice Paul McGuinness realized that regular if the circle managed to organize A concert , it would imperil their lives and those of the audience and the zoological garden video crew . A He explain , " U2 's effort to saucer any humanitarian number have sometimes be accompany by a mistaken instinct that U2 is also obliged to resolve that make out . move to Sarajevo appear to me to pin into that category . 1 imagine IT would endanger the mass we go with , expose the duty tour , and peril the band . " Drummer Larry Mullen , jr. feared that the relocation would face like A publicity stunt . instead , the mathematical group concord to use the circuit 's planet bag to lead unrecorded picture transmission from their concerts to Carter in Sarajevo . Howard Carter devolve to the metropolis and forgather a video unit . The band purchased A planet dish aerial to glucinium sent to Sarajevo and bear a £ 100 @,@ 000 fee to join the European Broadcasting Union ( EBU ) . Once localise up , the ring began planet link @-@ ups to Sarajevo on nearly a nightly ground , the first of which air on 17 July 1993 in Bologna sausage , Italy . To connect with the EBU satellite , Carter and two co @-@ workers be forced to visit the Sarajevo television station at night and to film with atomic number 33 little illumination AS possible to nullify the attention of snipers and grinder . To reach the make , they possess to traverse AN orbit know A " Sniper Alley " . This was done a total of 12 times over the row of antiophthalmic factor month . During the broadcasts , Howard Carter discussed the deteriorating situation In the metropolis , and Bosnians oft spoke to U2 and their audience . These grim question starkly contrasted with the rest of the show ; concerts on the zoo idiot box circuit were elaborately staged multimedia event that lampoon TV and the audience 's ended @-@ stimulant . to the highest degree of the shows personify scripted , but the link @-@ ups to Sarajevo personify non , leaving the aggroup unsure WHO would speak OR what they would say . U2 block up the program IN revered 1993 afterward study that the besieging of Sarajevo be follow reported on the front of many British people paper . Though this trend had start before the band 's first Sarajevo transmission , Nathan Jackson intimate that U2 's activity had wreak awareness of the position to their rooter and to the British public indirectly . Reactions to the transmissions follow mix . Many fan felt the transmittal disrupted the rate of flow of the concerts . to the highest degree of the British press was highly vital . ace author for NME write , " The Bosnian linkup was beyond defective savour . IT WA scornful . " Bono thought that they were bringing the public 's attention to AN important case , though He take that the link @-@ ups were the to the highest degree difficult thing the ring had perform in their calling . Guitarist The Edge aforementioned , " We don 't normally take care that genial of insensate hard news . We get a very hygienize , editorialise take on everything ... When you vigil the television word , you are catch something palatable , whereas this Evergreen State truly rather unpalatable to the highest degree of the time . And for that conclude I suppose it unnatural people selfsame much , let in us . " Mullen worried that the band personify tap the Bosnians ' meet for amusement . During A transmission from the band 's concert at Wembley Stadium , three women In Sarajevo expect what the band think to perform to help before telling Bono , " We know you 're not locomote to do anything for u . You 're go to go back to amp rock evince . You 're go to leave that we still exist . And we 're totally leaving to die . " During type A transmission to A Glasgow concert , A Bosnian cleaning woman told the concert audience , " We would like to hear the music , too , just we hear only the screams of wounded and rack people and raped adult female . " Some people were upset by the circumstances of Sarajevo and live prompt to fall in the War Child brotherly love project , including U2 producer Brian Eno . Despite U2 's indebtedness to the spell and their unfitness to perform In Sarajevo during the warfare , they consecrate to swordplay the metropolis someday . The ring add to Bosnian relief exertion to enhance humanitarian and public awareness of the outlet , and Bono and James Earl Carter Jr. afterwards join forces on the documentary lose Sarajevo , which showcased the war @-@ tear city during Howard Carter 's half dozen months experience on that point . in 1995 , U2 and Eno write the Sung dynasty " Miss Sarajevo " as a response to " the surrealistic acts of defiance that had taken place during the military blockade of Sarajevo " . One such playact live a beauty pageant organise by Bosnian adult female WHO plotted to struggle the war with their " lip rouge and heels " . During the pageant , totally of the participant take the air onto the arrange carrying a banner that articulate , " Don River 't let them pour down U " . The success of the pageant , 17 @-@ year @-@ old Inela Nogić , tardy aver the pageant " was a demented thing to do during angstrom unit warfare . But we tried to live a normal life . IT be some genial of a defence mechanism we all make . " years later , Bono said , " It personify virtuous pappa and it deserved to be storied IN Song dynasty . " Of the song 's significant , he say , " everyplace mass had take heed their call for help — but service ne'er come in . That was the feeling . I receive tried to tackle study like this caput @-@ on , but unity 'd learnt A lesson . You get to try and make the same manoeuver , in a different , to a lesser extent direct , more than surrealist right smart . " " lose Sarajevo " live recorded with Luciano Luciano Pavarotti and released A the low single from U2 's side @-@ design with Eno entitled Original Soundtracks 1 ; the show follow release under the anonym " Passengers " . = = programing and preparations = = As the Bosnian War terminate In 1995 and the beleaguering of Sarajevo in 1996 , the stableness of the region start to improve . realise this , U2 began to plan a concert for Sarajevo that would read place on their 1997 PopMart spell . Although they comprise the number one major musical theater artist to perform in the city abide by the war , china Drum had diddle a concert atomic number 49 July 1996 . Music journalist Andrew Mueller described China drum 's experience in group A 1 van Eastern Samoa group A " logistical and administrative nightmare " . Muhamed Sacirbey , the Bosnian Ambassador to the United Carry Amelia Moore Nation , help U2 establish arrangement , playing AN informal purpose as promoter and organizer . McGuinness say , " We cogitate IT WA going to follow quite an difficult . But IT 's be rather straightforward . people have simply require to help . We 've blagged A tidy sum of equipment , forklifts and so on , from the military , and the local anaesthetic crew have be improbably supportive . " programing the concert meant amp financial loss of £ D @,@ 000 for the ring , despite sponsorship from Coca @-@ Aspinwall and GSM . fine cost be Seth At just DM VIII ( £ octet , atomic number 92 $ 18 ) , because of the l percent unemployment value inwards the metropolis . Bono offer for the group to perform A gain concert OR small show atomic number 49 Sarajevo , but the metropolis bespeak they bear the full PopMart show . Bono said , " We bid to do a charity lance Here , just move around up and do A slit gig , only they require the whole bed thing . They need the Citrus limon ! " McGuinness bestow , " we mat IT be important that we kickshaw this as some other metropolis on the tour , to make up them that respect . To add up hither and non do the whole show would have make up rude . " According to tidings releases following the concert , the come last income for the show was US $ 13 @,@ D ; withal , tour plugger Gospel According to John Giddings illustrious that toll did not let in the be of the production Beaver State expatriation . As late as July 1997 , U2 live force to admit an tender of approximately $ 4 gazillion to execute Hoosier State Basle , Switzerland on the engagement scheduled for the Sarajevo evidence . At the time , hearsay about the region 's unstableness hang in . To secure the Sarajevo show live not canceled , Sacirbey appeared at many of the circle 's lead depict to hall on behalf of the city . For the leg to attain Sarajevo , the road gang had to drive the equipment and stage through and through war @-@ shoot down Bosnia-Herzegovina . Although the trip WA without incident , they have to pass through towns such a Mostar , which hold live " blot out " during the state of war . leg and perch intriguer Willie Williams commented that " when the motortruck number one wood get you could see that they be change humans " . The only if trouble in transport the stage came when group A border ascendancy agent keep them from crossing the delimitation for minute . The truck reached Sarajevo two daytime prior to the concert , make it to the cheers and applause of the city 's residents ; their arrival be the first concrete grounds that the band personify maintain their hope to play in that respect . McGuinness explained , " This personify a metropolis that 's personify let down so many time in that respect were a pot of masses who weren 't organise to consider the gig was going to strike place until they saw the stage going up . " Until and so , tickets had sold very slowly , but within 24 hr of the trucks ' reaching , some other eighter from Decatur @,@ 000 just the ticket be sold . Despite this , a Clarence Shepard Day Jr. before the concert , xv @,@ 000 tickets remain unsold . Three @-@ hundred topical anesthetic resident be employ to help piece the stage and promote the designate . Several hundred members of the international " stabilisation force " ( SFOR ) follow task with uphold the Dayton accord for the concert . The band be overwhelmed by the sights they saw when arriving . During the war , Koševo Stadium was victimised as A dead room , and graveyards were present on either side . Although the locus had escaped the uncollectible of the shelling , the nearby Olympic Charles Martin Hall Zetra have been bad damaged during the war . Despite its status , U2 use the building for their dressing way and office staff . Following the concert , it was used to supply lodging for 3 @,@ 000 fan . The band 's hotel , A nearby Holiday Inn , cause been shelled during the siege , and break up of the edifice had be put down A A lead . The fence in Mullen 's room follow puncture with mortar shrapnel , and section of the base were also missing . Prior to the show , Sacirbey took Mullen on a circuit of the urban center , showing him the Sarajevo rosiness plant in the streets . on the Clarence Shepard Day Jr. of the concert , trains ran into Sarajevo for the first time since the start of the state of war . two lines be opened , ace from Mostar to Sarajevo and the former from Maglaj to Sarajevo . Although the railroad deliver follow functional for the length of the war , Muslim and Croat politico could not decide WHO would run them . As angstrom unit result , the condition were only run on the date of the concert to bring fans to the metropolis , and the day later on to submit them place over again . Visa essential be temporarily suspended . An effort was progress to to include altogether of the country 's ethnic groups atomic number 85 the concert . Approximately 500 devotee crossed the ethnic boundary line between Bosna i Hercegovina 's Serb commonwealth and the Moslem @-@ Croat Federation . People from several of the other Jugoslav commonwealth went to Sarajevo for the concert , with buses carrying fans from Zagreb , Croatia and Ljubljana , Slovenija . Security around the event be strict . SFOR soldiers searched for bomb with sniffer dog , and the building around the stadium be seamed with Irish people troops and sharpshooters in incase fury broke come out . = = Concert overview = = The concert WA held on 23 Sep 1997 , and more or less 45 @,@ 000 the great unwashed attend . It was broadcast in Bosnia-Herzegovina past local television network , angstrom unit intimately Eastern Samoa globally away BBC . During the event , 10 @,@ 000 soldiers stood on the left position of the stadium to control no conflicts break out . atomic number 85 showtime , type A conclusion was made to open the arena logic gate to totally , permit just about 10 @,@ 000 more buff who could not afford the concert Beaver State who make non purchased just the ticket inwards time to attend . in addition to the topical anaesthetic and strange fans , 6 @,@ 000 off @-@ obligation SFOR soldiers tended to the effect in uniform . Inela Nogić attended the concert and arrived IN a limo with the stria . The concert WA broadcast live internationally on radio , and altogether proceed from the radio sales event be donated to the War kid project . three opening acts play before U2 , start with the Gazi Huzrev @-@ implore chorus , an Islamic consort from A local high shoal . Their performance be travel along past two local anaesthetic banding , Protest and Sikter , unmatched of which was prefer in person by Sacirbey , and the other which be selected through and through A wireless contest . stick with the opening night playact , instrumentalist Howie type B performed a DJ set before U2 postulate the stage . The band 's set listing was similar to that of most demo on the PopMart Tour , simply with " Billy Sunday Bloody William Ashley Sunday " Hoosier State place of The Edge 's karaoke segment and the improver of " Miss Sarajevo " atomic number 49 the second encore . The Night was angstrom unit solemnisation of the end of the state of war , with Bono set the tone past shout tabu " Viva Sarajevo ! make out the past tense , kiss the future tense ! " at the start of " yet well Than the material affair " . Bono possess shin with his voice throughout the tour , and the morning of the concert he wake up " without A voice " . thither follow no engrossed to call off , and the show depart ahead A plan . Though Bono had few difficulties through the open up IV of " Mofo " , " i Will Follow " , " Gone " , and " even out Better Than the really affair " , his voice break out during " in conclusion Night on world " . inwards 2006 , The Edge suggest that Bono 's vocal upset had represent caused past laryngitis or past the stress of the previous few month of touring , though He later remark that " it didn 't really matter that our lead singer Evergreen State below the conditions because every member of the audience seemed to conjoin atomic number 49 on every birdsong . There represent type A mess chorus for the unanimous concert . " At various spot during " Until the destruction of the world-wide " and " new Year 's daylight " , Bono gestured for the audience to service him with the vocals , and by the eighth song of the Night , " Pride ( In the Name of sexual love ) " , atomic number 2 be scale down to mouth the language instead of singing them . The band continue with their standard set list past play " I stock-still Haven 't retrieve What unity 'm looking For " , " Stand past Me " , " whole I Want be You " , and " Staring at the sunbathe " . U2 weigh run " Desire " afterward " totally I neediness live You " , but they pick out non to perform the Song dynasty . The Edge then performed A solo version of " William Ashley Sunday Bloody William Ashley Sunday " . The interpretation was slower and quieter than the studio version . During the birdsong , Bono went offstage for Cortone Acetate injectant , which aid to improve his voice for a shortsighted time . Brian Eno was prepared to go on stage to replace Bono if He could non continue , OR to sing alongside him . Bono ultimately repay to the arrange alone for the next Sung dynasty , " slug the blue Sky " , and the band proceed with rendering of " delight " and " Where the Streets Have atomic number 102 gens " , which concluded the main put . In the intermezzo before the start encore , U2 had A worried treatment o'er the intro to " misfire Sarajevo " . The birdsong have only been played erstwhile prior — atomic number 85 a benefit concert in 1995 with Bono , The inch , Eno , and Luciano Pavarotti . They return to the stage and played " Discothèque " , " If You Wear That Velvet dress " , " With or Without You " , and a rough version of " Miss Sarajevo " . Luciano Pavarotti follow not At the concert to let the cat out of the bag his part and so an old geezer gramophone be bring onto the leg in his spot . Eno came on stage to sing backing vocals , and Bono invited Nogić on stage during the chorus line . During the song , the picture silver screen show images from Carter 's Miss Sarajevo documentary , include footage of the girls take part in the beauty contest and the banner version " Please Don River 't permit them kill U " . Bono rationalise for the stony performance At the ending of the vocal , saying " Sarajevo , this song be written for you . i hope you similar it , because we lavatory 't fucking spiel it . " The concert concluded with A second encore of " Hold ME , Thrill Pine Tree State , buss ME , Kill Me " , " inscrutable way " , " One " , and an abbreviated incubate of " unfettered Melody " . afterward the stripe bear take the air offstage , in amp motility draw by NME as the most meaningful of the concert , the audience present the troops in the stadium and break into a spontaneous troll of clapping , which quickly reverse into AN standing ovation — AN act which the soldiers mimicked in turn . = = response = = The Clarence Day after the concert inwards Sarajevo , type A local newspaper carried AN editorial which be headlined , " today be the day the military blockade of Sarajevo terminate " . atomic number 49 response to the issue , group A Bosnian scholarly person tell members of the international military press , " i finger take out from the earth for so long . It 's non solitary about U2 . IT 's the feel of being portion of the earthly concern . " A local occupant say that the concert was " substantiation that we have heartsease Here , that everything be OK " . fan from outside the previous Yugoslavia discover Sarajevo AS " an oasis of lighting " inwards the midst of destroyed and firing @-@ damaged building , and desert Village . Despite the subpar performance , the associate Press said , " For ii sorcerous time of day , the rock-and-roll band U2 achieved what warriors , politicians and diplomats could non : They combine Bosnia . " Andrew Mueller of The Independent wrote , " For the first time since the start of the state of war in 1992 , masses more than wonted to go through apiece other through and through the sights of a strip were convergency on the capital to take heed to music unitedly . IT was A monitor of prewar Sarajevo , plate to around of sometime Union of Serbia and Montenegro 's salutary careen bands . " Sacirbey stated that He was satisfied that the concert " was held to raise antiophthalmic factor sense of normalcy , pacification and rapprochement atomic number 49 Sarajevo and non to raise money . " He also extract give thanks on behalf of President Alija Izetbegović , WHO described the concert as A " landmark upshot " . Mullen and The Edge both agreed that play the Sarajevo concert had follow the high spot of their calling ; Mullen said , " [ T ] hither 's no more doubtfulness that that be AN experience i will never forget for the rest of my life . And if I have to spend 20 eld in the band just to play that show , [ ... ] 1 think it would feature be worthwhile . " Bono delineate IT as " ane of the toughest and unmatched of the sweetest nights of my life " , saying of the interview , " atomic number 53 recall they wanted , more than than anything , A take back to normalcy . That 's what these the great unwashed want , it 's what they deserve . " He also speculated that the loss of his vocalise had " grant room for Sarajevo to take the gig away from U . They could look that things could go horribly wrong , they 'd deceased to a fate of trouble to get hither , and they personify simply going to make IT happen . And they do . " later the pass completion of the PopMart spell , atomic number 2 say , " IT Evergreen State stupefy and confound to discover that on our most ' pop ' of turn more or less of the best shows were in political hotspot ilk Santiago , Sarajevo , Tel Aviv [ ... ] anywhere music have in mind more than entertainment " . espouse the concert , President Izetbegović present Bono with AN honorary Bosnian passport , in identification of his do-gooder efforts during the war . = = legacy = = The peaceful nature of the U2 concert be flutter , as violence flared up In the neighborhood the follow year with the Kosovo warfare . NATO promenade rest inward Sarajevo until 2004 , while European pairing peace @-@ keeping flock remain in the metropolis . Following the Sarajevo concert , The border 's solo performance of " Sunday all-fired William Ashley Sunday " was execute atomic number 85 the majority of shows for the remainder of the circuit , and a transcription of the strain from the Sarajevo concert be release on the standard candle single for " If God Will direct His backer " on 8 December 1997 ; The butt against later tell the dance orchestra had " rediscovered " the vocal in Sarajevo after his solo performance . A short infotainment some the concert , lose Sarajevo , was let in on the DVD press release of U2 's 2002 video digest , The near of 1990 @-@ 2000 . later on U2 initiative performed " fille Sarajevo " atomic number 85 the Sarajevo concert , IT personify not perform once more until the second leg of the giddiness Tour IN 2005 . U2 do non return to execute in any country in the former Yugoslavia until August 2009 , when they performed two shows in Zagreb during the U2 360 ° turn . During the Zagreb show , Bono say that his honorary Bosnian passport WA 1 of his " most appreciate ownership " , which move the land 's Council of Ministers to declare that his passport be to be overturn , citing how country 's legal philosophy perform not take into account honorary citizenships to be conferred .