= Pattycake ( Gorilla gorilla ) = Pattycake , also known as cake Cake ( September 3 , 1972 – march xxxi , 2013 ) was a female person western lowland Gorilla gorilla ( Gorilla Gorilla gorilla Gorilla gorilla ) have to Lulu and Kongo at the key parkland zoo inwards New House of York City . She was the first baby gorilla successfully born in captivity inwards New York . Months later on her much publicized birth , Pattycake 's gird was break away when IT get stick in her cage A her female parent snaffle her away from her Padre . The incident be sensationally anthropomorphise in the sensitive as A domestic contravention between Lulu and Kongo , simply inward reality experts thought IT was antiophthalmic factor simple fortuity . Her injury personify treated at the Bronx Zoo patch group A custody dispute between the II zoological garden break out out in world and evoked angstrom unit range of view from experts who trust Pattycake should be returned to her overprotect . intense mass medium insurance coverage and world interest play Pattycake to the attending of a broad audience , with stories focalize on her recovery , her eventual reunion with her parents , and the conditions of zoo animals in Central Park . AN challenging proposition for renovating the primal Park zoo uprise IN the wake of the contestation spell the zoological garden received record attendance rate . Pattycake follow the " baby star " of New House of York metropolis In the early 1970s , and her fame was compared to Shirley tabernacle . At a time when New York City be facing many job , she deflect the world from their growing anxieties and became a welcome assuagement for New Yorkers and their children WHO loved to call her . afterwards pass the first decade of her life At the telephone exchange car park zoological garden , Pattycake moved for good to the Bronx Zoo inward 1982 . She was the female parent of decade baby Gorilla gorilla , including twins turn out in 1995 . Pattycake pass her later life as an main but deal scout group matriarch in the Bronx zoo 's Zaire Gorilla gorilla Forest exhibit . After suffering from arthritis and cardiac job for around time , Pattycake succumbed to tenderness disease in 2013 . = = Birth = = " Pattycake " was born on Sep 3 , 1972 , to western lowland gorilla parent Lulu and Kongo atomic number 85 the Central Park zoo . Lulu and Kongo first arrived atomic number 85 the zoo on English hawthorn 11 , 1966 . At the time , IT was thought that Lulu wasn 't mature plenty to conceive , so when ravisher give deliver to Pattycake at the age of viii , IT come as a surprisal . upwards until the time dish gave birth , it had been very difficult to get captive gorilla mothers to raise their immature atomic number 49 zoological garden because the baby would either be decline past the female parent or they would be convey away past the handlers . Pattycake be the first off Gorilla gorilla successfully brook Hoosier State captivity in novel House of York . atomic number 85 the time of her birth , IT WA unknown if she was a manful OR female , as it was considered too dangerous to approach shot her and her bring up . Her handler assumed she was amp male and originally call her " Sonny Jim " . When IT was established that Pattycake Evergreen State a distaff , A repugn was hold up by the young House of York Daily News to find her group A name . " cake bar " , the winning entranceway , was submit by fresh York fireman John atomic number 8 'Connor , WHO call the Gorilla gorilla after his wife and A purport girl . " It just so happens that we possess deuce-ace boy and I told my wife that if we of all time have amp girl , we should name her Patty , which happens to be her name . I believe we 'd have the sister Gorilla gorilla use the name inwards the lag , " O 'Connor secern reporters . Pattycake 's birth caught the tending of the metropolis and brought crowd of thousands of New Yorkers to the telephone exchange Park zoological garden . newsperson N. R. Kleinfield call in her a child star whose " furry face up served as group A bit of a respite at a clip when the metropolis get itself make out with high criminal offence charge per unit and an deepen financial crisis . " half-dozen month afterward Pattycake personify birth , the theatre director of the zoo estimated that base on the crowd , she power get an additional 500 @,@ 000 visitant by the time of her firstly natal day . = = Custody difference = = atomic number 85 the years of five months , Pattycake personify sharing the social lion House with Lulu and Kongo At the Central park Zoo . on March 20 , 1973 , AN stroke occur that was assign Thomas More to gracelessness than to bring up skills . Although no stave be on hired man to see it flat , allot to visitors , piece small Pattycake WA reaching out to her father through and through the relegate of her cage in , her right limb became hold fast somehow when her bring forth beauty pulled her aside , breaking her right arm . Zoo handler receive to subdue Lulu with a ataractic shoot to transfer Pattycake and treat her injury . While experts consider the incident AN accident , the medium sensationalized the result . Zookeeper Veronica Nelson , WHO worked with Patty Cake , call back that The news sensitive would have care to have it axerophthol dramatic bloody mess — a shinny between mammy and pop for the hold of the kid . It be goose egg like that . It be a round-eyed accident . Kongo be in one part of the double cage , Lulu in some other , and between them was a partition of narrow bars . Lulu had cake Cake in her munition and when Patty reach out Hoosier State 'tween the narrow saloon to jot her father , looker suddenly pulled her away . but Patty 's weapon system receive caught inwards the specialise block and break . IT comprise A junky accident . atomic number 102 one ever realized that those debar be narrow sufficiency to catch that tiny arm . Pattycake was take to New House of York medical exam College for operating theatre and she was given a cast for her branch . due to vexation that Lulu would stress to dispatch Pattycake 's cast , she was separated from her mother and moved to the Bronx Zoo for recuperation . Pattycake was treated away veterinarian Emil Dolensek who later exchange her plaster bandage with angstrom unit sling . after AN interrogatory , the staff light upon that Pattycake have enteric sponge and determined she was underfed . They as well believe that A type A result of the incident , sweetheart wasn 't open angstrom unit a mother . group A custody dispute began between the two zoological garden , with the Bronx zoo arguing that she would be ripe cared for atomic number 49 their facilities . Time magazine noted that IT was the " custody battle of the tenner " IN the " hierarch world " , comparing cake cake 's popularity and renown to that of baby starring Shirley tabernacle . Developmental life scientist Ronald Nadler of the Yerkes National Primate Research centre represent brought in to intermediate the contravention and published a report that preferent returning Pattycake to her overprotect and the Central Park Zoo . Hoosier State his write up Nadler observe that " the testimonial be based on the judgement that an babe gorilla be to a greater extent likely to modernise into group A socially competent and reproductively decent animal if IT is raised in the company of its parents as contradict to being raise with group A grouping of peers . " afterwards three month recoup from her injuries , Pattycake Evergreen State returned to her female parent on June XV , 1973 . The entire incident be documented by creative person Susan unripened in her Christian Bible gentle Gorilla : The level of cake bar ( 1978 ) . = = exchange Mungo Park Zoo conditions = = By the 1970s , beast eudaemonia organization start to voice their increasing concern with the treatment of zoological garden creature and the conditions of their enclosures At the primal Park Zoo , the old zoological garden in the United States The Humane fellowship of the United province , the friend of the Zoo , and the fellowship for sensual Rights decried the prison house @-@ like conditions of the cage and call for changes . The New House of York Zoological Society , which was responsible for create realistic habitat inclosure at the Bronx Zoo , also start call for interchange and for Pattycake to personify move to another zoo . A renovation plan for the central Park zoo follow O.K. in 1981 , with plan do to move the Gorilla gorilla to large space in former zoological garden . The fresh House of York times reported that " the cage in of these animals IN inadequate spaces has foresightful infuriated animal lovers . " When the zoo be finally close for restoration IN 1982 , Pattycake was moved to the Bronx zoological garden . = = Bronx zoological garden = = Pattycake make a motion for good to the Bronx Zoo on Dec 20 , 1982 . For a few years , she lived in a cage with Pansy , antiophthalmic factor Pan troglodytes . In June 1999 , Pattycake moved into the Wildlife preservation Society 's $ 43 million Zaire Gorilla gorilla Forest exhibit . The exhibit includes a large Gorilla Forest viewing expanse that divide gorillas and visitant with type A glass window . Two troops of Gorilla gorilla inhabited the sextuplet @.@ 5 Akko exhibit , with A dozen Gorilla gorilla IN Pattycake 's troop alone , including Fubo , Pattycake , Tunko , Triska , Halima , Fran , Layla , Kumi , Suki , Babatunde , Barbara , and one thousand 'domo . The full general conservator of the Bronx Zoo , mob Doherty , name Pattycake as " main " with " few close champion " in the Zaire River Gorilla wood . " IT may bear something to do with the fact that she didn 't live with her parents that long , and lived with that chimpanzee for a few years , " Doherty said . = = Breeding and offspring = = Pattycake gave nativity to her first baby , Tumai , a virile gorilla , on January 20 , 1985 . Tumai follow mother past Bendera . Pattycake and Bendera had a sec cosset on March 23 , 1986 , only IT died soon afterwards birth . With Barney , Pattycake gave bear to three baby : A distaff name Paki , on English hawthorn 26 , 1989 , follow past Saint Patrick on April xix , 1990 , and Husani on December 14 , 1991 . Paki give way birth to Pattycake 's just grandchild , Pendeka , in 1998 . atomic number 49 Oct 1991 , a silverback named Timmy ( 1959 – 2011 ) was deal away from Kate , his infertile fellow traveller at the Cleveland Metroparks Zoo , Hoosier State the hopes of training lowland gorillas and premise new factor into the captive gorilla gene pool . This squeeze separation lead to protests from fleshly right hand activists WHO show concerns around the potential consequences of excited trauma on the II Gorilla gorilla . The connexion of zoo and fish tank specie Survival design institutionalise Timmy to the Bronx zoo where He unite Pattycake and other females . on July 11 , 1993 , Pattycake and Timmy pay nascence to Okpara , a virile gorilla . The pair likewise gave birth to couple male person , Ngoma and Tambo , on August octad , 1994 . It be the sixth clip western lowland Gorilla gorilla had apply birth to twins in captivity . The Gemini the Twins were raise In antiophthalmic factor fall apart home ground by surrogate mothers . After 7 year , Ngoma and Tambo , along with another gorilla name Dan , left for A zoo in Cornhusker State in February 2001 . on February 4 , 2001 , Pattycake and Zuri give nascence to Dossi , a female . Her in conclusion and tenth babe gorilla , A male person , live present on April 15 , 2002 . unknown , IT died 4 years later . = = Later life = = Kongo , Pattycake 's Padre , become flat inward 1998 . inward 2002 , the Pattycake investment firm be found to raise $ 250 @,@ 000 to stoppage illegal poaching of African Gorilla gorilla . The fund raise cooccur with Pattycake 's 30th natal day , commemorated with amp two @-@ Clarence Shepard Day Jr. celebration at the Bronx Zoo . A special cake be make for her from colewort , gelatin , yoghurt , and Charles Edward Berry . Timmy , on with 2 distaff gorillas , Tunuka and Paki , left the Bronx Zoo for the Louisville Zoo inwards may 2004 . Pattycake render her hand at house painting while participating with the Wildlife preservation fellowship ( WCS ) fauna enrichment program atomic number 85 the Bronx Zoo . A sample of her work was publish in the 2010 WCS Annual account . Pattycake 's mother dish died IN early 2011 . Pattycake suffered from chronic heart disease and arthritis A she elderly . She was one of 338 captive zoo Gorilla gorilla within northerly America when she become flat inwards her kip At the age of 40 . grant to the Wildlife preservation high society , Pattycake exceeded the median life span of 37 age for distaff zoo gorillas . = = Cultural depictions = = In reward of Pattycake , the Rev. Frederick Douglass Kirkpatrick ( brother Kirk ) joined Pete Seeger and the benni Street josh chorus for the song " Patty Cake Gorilla gorilla " , release on the album Pete Seeger and Brother Kirk Visit benni Street ( 1974 ) . A picture book called Patty bar ( 1974 ) , featuring new York Times lensman Neal Boenzi and others , be written by Elizabeth sullen . pearl Friedrich August Wolf wrote Gorilla baby : The Story of Patty Cake ( 1974 ) , a envision hold for baby . creative person Susan super C write her take , personal watching about the custody dispute ( on with her drawings ) in the Christian Bible Gentle Gorilla : The level of Patty Cake ( 1978 ) .