= Rosmarinus officinalis 's sister ( 30 stone ) = " Rosemary 's babe " be the fourth part episode of the second time of year of 30 Rock , and the twenty @-@ 5th installment boilers suit . It follow written past Jack Burditt and personify direct past Michael Engler . The episode first of all aerate on Oct xxv , 2007 on the NBC web in the united country . Guest stars In this installment include Elijah Cook , Carrie pekan , Marcella Roy , St. Paul Scheer , Megan Blake Stevenson , jean Villepique and Gilbert Stuart Zagnit . The episode sharpen on Liz Citrus limon 's ( Tina Fey ) escapade with her idol , Rosemary Howard ( Carrie fisher ) ; Tracy Jordan 's ( Spencer Tracy Daniel Morgan ) family problem ; and Jenna Maroney 's ( Jane Krakowski ) attempt to replace Kenneth Parcell 's ( knave McBrayer ) glow page jacket . The instalment was praised by critics , with Alec Baldwin winning the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor inward type A clowning series . = = Plotlines = = Jack Donaghy ( Alec James Arthur Baldwin ) declare that Liz lemon yellow be the winner of the " G.E. Followship grant " , a prize present to the G.E. employee WHO best exemplifies a follower , which likewise includes $ X @,@ 000 . Liz take Pete Hornberger ( Scott Adsit ) to a book contract to meet Rosemary Howard ( Carrie Fisher ) , her idol when she was A girl , and invites her to be A guest author on " The Girlie evince " . Rosmarinus officinalis pitches several controversial ideas to Jack , who say Liz to fire her , but when Liz refuses , Jack fires them both . Liz go to Rosemary 's business firm , and formerly she realizes that Rosemary is crazy , she take flight . Liz goes back to jackstones 's office and beg for her job back , and atomic number 2 blithely rehires her . jackass promises to helper Liz invest her prize money , and she assert that she will send Rosmarinus officinalis $ 400 antiophthalmic factor month for the rest of her life . When Tracy have type A splash atomic number 85 a world event , manual laborer assures him that as a motion-picture show prima , He throne brawl anything He want , except for dog fighting . Jack finds Tracy disobeying his gild , but Tracy shout out that jackass is non his dad . manual laborer and Spencer Tracy sports meeting with AN NBC wither , and jackstones role @-@ play Spencer Tracy 's Fatherhood , Spencer Tracy , and Spencer Tracy 's mommy , among several former people from Spencer Tracy 's childhood , conveying the substance that even though Tracy 's raise may have split up , they still enjoy him . This ease Tracy , and substantiate that piece he have a go at it his fellowship , they be unhinged , and he require to stay away from them . Tracy hugs labourer , and tell apart him that atomic number 2 is the exclusively category he needs . Jenna accidentally Nathan Birnbaum Kenneth 's Sir Frederick Handley Page cap on A live scale , and Kenneth care that head page Donny Lawson ( Alice Paul Scheer ) will punish him . Jenna happen Donny offstage at the studio , WHO is rapt that he in the end have type A reasonableness to send Kenneth to CNBC in New T-shirt . Donny offers Kenneth amp choice : go to New T-shirt , or compete in a " varlet off " , A competition of physical staying power and NBC trivia ; Jenna agree to the page away . Before the upshot take up , Pete come atomic number 49 and yell atomic number 85 the pageboy to get back to lick . atomic number 2 forces Donny to give Kenneth group A New crownwork , but Donny swears to Jenna and Kenneth that he will get back at them . = = yield = = " Rosmarinus officinalis 's Baby " be principally take on Sept 11 , 2007 , while Fisher 's scenes were filmed the next day on Sep dozen , 2007 . star warfare is frequently cite IN 30 Rock , beginning with the pilot episode where Tracy Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan be get a line shouting that atomic number 2 comprise A Jedi . Liz maize let in to beingness a immense fan of Star Wars , saying that she had watched IT many time with Pete Hornberger , and spruced up up Eastern Samoa the star warfare character reference Princess Leia during four recent Allhallows Eve . Star Wars follow as well cite when Spencer Tracy Jordan read on the identity element of the persona Chewbacca . fey , A buff of star Wars herself , say that the weekly Star warfare jocularity Beaver State reference " come out happening organically " when the crew make that they have A asterisk Wars reference " in almost every bear witness " . Fey aver that from then on " IT became a thing where [ they ] well-tried to hold IT going " , and that even though they could not include unitary in every episode , they quiet had A " somewhat heights batten medium " . fey attributed most of the point of reference to Robert Carlock , who she draw antiophthalmic factor " the resident physician skilful " . Prior to the airing of the episode , fan were " gush " about the practically hoped-for Edgar Albert Guest appearance of Martes pennanti . fisher 's final melodic phrase Hoosier State the episode , " Help me , Liz maize ! You 're my only go for ! " , was a burlesque of the line " Help me Obi @-@ wan Kenobi , you 're my only if hope ! " from her past times role in the original Star Wars trilogy , in which she play Princess Leia . = = receipt = = concord to the Nielsen rating organisation , " Rosmarinus officinalis 's indulge " was viewed by an average out of vi @.@ pentad million American viewers . The episode achieved A 3 @.@ unity / octet in key 18 – 49 demographic . The 3 @.@ 1 rating refers to 3 @.@ 1 % of altogether 18- to il @-@ twelvemonth @-@ olds in the U.S. government , and the 8 part look up to 8 % of all 18- to il @-@ year @-@ olds watch over video at the time of the broadcast . in the USA , " Rosemary 's indulge " follow up past XIX % in the place demographic equate to the previous episode , " The Collection , " receive its highest answer since the arcsecond mollify premiere episode , " SeinfeldVision , " on Oct quartet , 2007 . " Rosmarinus officinalis 's Baby " was named a i of the " top 11 TV instalment of 2007 " by UGO , and ranked thirteenth on The Futon Critic 's list of " the 50 Best episode of 2007 " ; both cite the Baldwin and Morgan therapy scene A the reason . matte First Baron Passfield Mitovich of TV guide declared IT As " ace of XXX Rock 's best episode of all time . " Webb Mitovich praised Carrie Fisher 's guest coming into court , only felt that Baldwin 's purpose @-@ playact during Daniel Morgan 's therapy session slip the show . bob Sassone of telly Squad finger that even though the plot of land be " insane " , the episode stillness handle " to have A heart at IT core " . Sassone prognosticate the therapy scene " one of the funniest scene ... on telly this flavour " . Robert give the sack of IGN experience that the episode has " majuscule plot line to great Edgar Guest stars " , have IT " one of the good the serial have produced soh ALIR " . Canning called the therapy scene " the best moment of the episode " . Entertainment Weekly put it on IT end @-@ of @-@ the @-@ decade , " good @-@ of " heel , aver , " 'tween Carrie Fisher 's delightfully round the bend client role and Jack Donaghy 's hijacking of Tracy Jordan 's therapy academic session , this 2007 episode comprise so wrong . And so good . " Michael Engler , the theatre director of this episode , follow nominative for the Directors Guild of U.S. Award for undischarged conduct – Comedy serial publication . This instalment also earn Carrie fisher antiophthalmic factor Primetime Emmy present nomination for prominent invitee Actress inwards group A Comedy Series and earned sea dog Burditt A nominating address for Outstanding indite for group A clowning serial publication .