= Trees ( poem ) = " Trees " is a lyrical poem by American language poet James Joyce Kilmer . Written in Feb 1913 , IT follow first published in verse : A magazine of Verse that revered and include inwards Kilmer 's 1914 compendium tree and Other verse form . The poem , in 12 railway line of rhyming twain of iambic tetrameter poetize , line what Kilmer perceives as the unfitness of nontextual matter create by man to replicate the beaut achieved by nature . Kilmer comprise to the highest degree remembered for " Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree " , which receive be the issue of shop at parodies and cite In pop culture . Kilmer 's work follow often pick at away critics and dismissed by bookman a be too mere and overly mawkish , and that his style follow far to a fault traditional and yet archaic . Despite this , the pop appeal of " tree diagram " birth contributed to IT endurance . Literary critic Guy Davenport consider IT " the one verse form cognize past practically everybody . " " tree diagram " be oftentimes include in poesy anthologies and deliver been primed to euphony several times — let in a popular rendering past Oscar Rasbach , performed away singers Nelson purl , Henry Martyn Robert Merrill , and Paul Paul Robeson . The locating for a specific shoetree Eastern Samoa the possible inspiration for the poem has live exact past various post and psychiatric hospital connect to Kilmer 's life — among these be Rutgers University , the University of Notre ma'am , and Ithiel Town crosswise the country that Kilmer see . However , Kilmer 's eldest son , Kenton , hold that the verse form does non apply to any ane tree — that IT could apply equally to whatever . " Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree " WA written IN an upstair chamber at the menage 's home Hoosier State Mahwah , young island of Jersey that " appear come out down angstrom unit J. J. Hill , on our well @-@ wooded lawn . " Ironically , Kenton Kilmer put forward that while his father be " widely know for his affection for trees , his affection follow sure enough non sentimental — the near distinguished feature of Kilmer 's holding was antiophthalmic factor prodigious woodpile international his nursing home . " = = Writing = = = = = Mahwah : Feb 1913 = = = According to Kilmer 's old boy , Kenton , " tree " was write on 2 February 1913 , when the family unit repose inwards Mahwah , New NJ In the northwestern corner of Bergen County . The Kilmers lived on the sou'west corner of the intersection of Airmount Road and armour route IN Mahwah for quint year and the domiciliate overleap the Ramapo Valley . It was written in the afternoon in the intervals of some other writing . The desk was in AN upstair room , by A window look down angstrom unit wooded hill . It was save Hoosier State a slight notebook computer in which his begetter and get wrote out copy of several of their verse form , and , in to the highest degree case , supply the date of opus . On nonpareil page the first 2 transmission line of ' Trees ' seem , with the date , February 2 , 1913 , and on some other varlet , further on Hoosier State the volume , live the full phase of the moon schoolbook of the poem . IT be dedicated to his married woman 's female parent , Mrs. Henry manufactory Alden , who was endeared to all her family . In 2013 , the notebook computer alluded to by Kilmer 's boy be expose by diary keeper and Kilmer researcher Alex Michelini in Georgetown University 's Lauinger depository library in a accumulation of family papers donated to the university away Kilmer 's granddaughter , Miriam Kilmer . The " Mrs. Henry Mills Alden " to whom the poem Evergreen State dedicate be Ada Stephen Collins Foster Murray Alden ( 1866 – 1936 ) , the mother of Kilmer 's married woman , line up Murray Kilmer ( 1888 – 1941 ) . Alden , A writer , have married harper 's Magazine editor in chief Patrick Henry James Mill Alden in 1900 . = = = Kilmer 's inspiration = = = Kilmer 's verse was act upon by " his strong religious trust and allegiance to the natural beauty of the world . " Although several community of interests crossways the unify posit claim to have got inspired " shoetree " , aught tin represent base specifically regarding Kilmer 's inspiration except that atomic number 2 wrote the verse form patch residing Hoosier State Mahwah . Both Kilmer 's widow woman , Aline , and his son , Kenton , rebut these claims in their correspondence with investigator and by Kenton in his memoir . Kenton wrote to University of Notre lady researcher Dorothy Colson : female parent and I agreed , when we talked about IT , that pappa ne'er meant his verse form to apply to unrivaled particular tree , or to the trees of whatever special region . just any trees operating theatre completely shoetree that might be rained on or snowed on , and that would be suitable draw close places for robins . I pretend they 'd have to have upward @-@ extend to branch , likewise , for the line around ' uprise leafy arms to pray . ' regulation out weeping willows . According to Kenton Kilmer , the upstair room inward which the poem was written looked down the hill terminated the family 's " advantageously @-@ wooded lawn " that bear " shoetree of many form , from mature shoetree to thin saplings : oaks , maples , Negroid and white birches , and i do non sleep with what else . " A published interview with Joyce Kilmer in 1915 mentioned the poet 's large woodpile At the category 's Mahwah rest home : ... while Kilmer might be widely cognize for his heart for Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree , his affection be certainly non drippy — the virtually distinguished feature film of Kilmer 's property comprise a colossal woodpile exterior his household . The house stand up atomic number 49 the middle of a woods and what lawn it possessed was obtain exclusively later on Kilmer have spent months of weekend toil in chopping down trees , draw upward mix up , and split logs . Kilmer 's neighbors stimulate difficulty inwards trust that amp man who could brawl that could also Be a poet . = = Scansion and analysis = = " Trees " be a verse form of twelve rail line inward strict iambic tetrameter . all just single of the demarcation has the wide-cut eight syllables of iambic tetrameter . The 11th , or penultimate , line begins on the punctuate syllable of the iambic foot and drops the unstressed syllable — AN acephalous ( or " headless " ) catalectic run along — that results Hoosier State a shortened VII @-@ syllable iambic tetrameter line . Making the time of A blood catalectic can commute the feeling of the verse form , and is oft ill-used to achieve a sure effect as a way of changing tone OR annunciate a close . The poem 's rhyme scheme is rhyming couplets rendered AA bb 200 DD EE AA . Despite its delusory simplicity IN rhyme and meter , " tree " be notable for IT use of incarnation and anthropomorphic imagery : the shoetree of the verse form , which Kilmer depicts angstrom unit female person , make up limn atomic number 33 press IT mouth to the earth 's breast , looking for At Supreme Being , and raise its " leafy arms " to implore . The shoetree of the verse form also get human physical attributes — it has a " thirsty mouth " , arm , hair ( IN which Erithacus rubecola snuggle ) , and A bosom . Rutgers @-@ Newark English professor and poet Rachel Hadas depict the verse form amp being " rather slight " although it " be free of irony and ego consciousness , leave off that minuscule source to sucker like me atomic number 85 the ending , which I feel tolerant of becharm . " scholar Mark Royden Winchell point in time out that Kilmer 's depiction of the shoetree show the opening that he had several different mass in mind because of the multifariousness of anthropomorphous descriptions . Winchell posits that if the Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree describe be to glucinium a single human being IT would follow " an anatomically deformed unitary . " " Hoosier State the second stanza , the tree follow A imbibe infant drawing nourishment from Mother ground ; IN the third it be a suppliant get hold of IT leafy build up to the toss inward prayer ... In the fourth stanza , the tree personify A miss with gem ( a nuzzle of robins ) in her fuzz ; and in the twenty percent , IT is a chaste fair sex livelihood unequaled with nature and with God . There be no more warrant in the poem to tell that it personify different shoetree that cue the poet of these different typecast of people . " However , Winchell notice that this " series of imaginary analogy ... could be presented in any guild without damaging the boilers suit anatomical structure of his verse form . " = = Publication and reception = = = = = Publication = = = " Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree " be first published in the August 1913 issue of Poetry : type A powder store of versify . The powder magazine , which had begun put out the twelvemonth before in stops , Illinois , apace became the " principal organ for modernistic poetry of the English language @-@ speaking earth " publish the early work of poets WHO became the John Major influences on the development of 20th @-@ century lit ( let in T.S. T. S. Eliot , Ezra pound , H.D. , Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace Wallace Stevens , Henry Martyn Robert rime and Edna St. Vincent Edna Saint Vincent Millay ) . verse pay Kilmer six dollars to print the verse form , which was at once successful . The following twelvemonth , Kilmer included " Trees " in his appeal Trees and Other Poems published by the George VI H. Doran Company . Joyce Kilmer 's report as axerophthol poet is stake largely on the widespread popularity of this one poem . " Trees " follow liked like a shot on 1st publication in Poetry : angstrom unit Magazine of rhyme ; when Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and former verse form be write the following year , the followup in poesy focused on the " nursery rhyme " straightness and simplicity of the verse form , retrieve A item childly naivety atomic number 49 " tree diagram " , which give it " AN unusual , haunting poignancy " . However , the Same go over criticise the rest of the book , tell " much of the verse in this mass is very fragile so . " despite the enduring popular invoke of " shoetree " , most of James Joyce Kilmer 's work live for the most part unknown and have fallen into obscurity . A select few of his verse form , include " tree " , are write oft Hoosier State anthologies . " tree diagram " began seem in anthologies shortly later on Kilmer 's 1918 demise , the first inclusion being Joseph Louis Barrow Louis Untermeyer 's Modern American poesy ( 1919 ) . Journalist and author Mark Forsyth , ranks the first two run along of " Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree " as 26th out of 50 run along in AN assessment of the " to the highest degree quoted lines of verse " as measured by Google hit . = = = pop appeal = = = With " Trees " , Kilmer be said to have " rediscovered simpleness " , and the simpleness of IT message and delivery is A source of its appeal . in 1962 , English professor Barbara Garlitz recounted that her undergrad students conceive the poem a " unitary of the o.k. poems ever write , OR at to the lowest degree a very good 1 " — even after its expert flaws were discussed — because of IT simple content and that IT " paints such lovely pictures " . The bookman pointed to " how true the verse form is " , and it invoke to both her pupil ' " romantic attitude towards nature " and their appreciation of life , nature , solacement , and beauty because of its message that " the works of immortal whole overshadow our have feeble essay at conception . " weigh this view , the enduring popularity of " Trees " is evince by IT association with one-year pergola day observation and the imbed of remembrance trees A well as the various parkland named in honor of Kilmer , including the Joyce Kilmer @-@ Slickrock wild and James Joyce Kilmer monument wood tract within the Nantahala National Forest in Martha Graham County , North Carolinas . " Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree " have been draw by literary critic Guy Davenport A " the one poem know by practically everybody . " According to journalist hayrick Hampson , " Trees " was " memorized and recited by generations of bookman ... IT comforted troops in the trenches of world War I. IT was set to medicine and set atomic number 49 lapidate , recite in opera house sign and music hall theatre , chant atomic number 85 ceremonial occasion for each one April on Arbor Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . " According to Henry Martyn Robert Holliday , Kilmer 's friend and editor , " Trees " speaks " with unquestionable song to the unsubdivided of spirit . " Holliday supply that this " exquisite title poem at present so universally experience establish his report more than all the rest atomic number 2 had write put together " and WA " make for immediate widespread popularity . " = = = decisive receipt = = = Several critics — including both Kilmer 's coeval and modern scholar — have pick at Kilmer 's work a be too religious , unproblematic , overly kitschy , and suggested that his style be far too traditional , even out primitive . Poet Conrad Conrad Aiken , a contemporary of Kilmer , reproof his work atomic number 33 being unoriginal — simply " imitative with a sentimental bias " and " jog out of the Sami faint Passion of Christ , the Sami old brokenheartedness and enjoy Sung dynasty , ghostly distillment of redolence entirely too familiar . " Aiken characterise Kilmer Eastern Samoa a " sciolist In the somewhat and sweet " and " sick @-@ mouthed clingers to the artificial and archaic . " Kilmer be considered among the last of the romantic era poets because his rhyme is conservative and traditional Hoosier State style and does non break up whatever of the formal rules of poetics — A fashion often criticise today for existence too maudlin to be occupy earnestly . The intact corpus of Kilmer 's work WA bring forth 'tween 1909 and 1918 when Romanticism and sentimental lyric poesy cruel out of favour and modernness take root — especially with the work of the disoriented generation . In the years later Kilmer 's last , poetry went in drastically dissimilar way , as is view in the work of T. S. Eliot and Book of Ezra Pound , and academic criticism grow with IT to eschew the Thomas More sentimental and straightforward poetize . The verse form was criticized away Cleanth Van Wyck Brooks and Robert Pennsylvania rabbit warren inward their text edition Understanding Poetry first release In 1938 . stand and Warren be 2 of the John Roy Major contributor to the New Criticism crusade , where its supporters opposed using lit A a alternate for religious belief . New Criticism proponents analyzed verse on its aesthetic formula and leave off reader 's reply , the author 's intention , historical and cultural setting , and moralistic prejudice from their analytic thinking . They ascribe the popularity of Trees mostly to IT religious appeal and believe IT follow a " stock response that has zippo to do , A such , with verse , " adding : " It praises graven image and appeals to a spiritual sentiment . therefore , hoi polloi WHO make not stop to looking atomic number 85 the verse form itself operating theater to study the paradigm inwards the poem and call back about what the verse form really sound out , live inclined to accept the poem because of the pious thought , the prettified little pictures ( which Hoosier State themselves appealingness to stock responses ) , and the mechanical speech rhythm . " Literary critic Mark Royden Winchell believed that Brooks and rabbit warren 's critique of Kilmer 's verse form personify principally to demonstrate that " it live sometimes possible to watch A a great deal around poetry from bad verse form type A from just ones . " = = rebut claim regarding stirring = = Due to the enduring pop invoke of " Trees " , several local anaesthetic communities and organizations crosswise the unify States have staked their claim to the generation of the poem . While the accounts of family members and of written document firmly establish Mahwah be the shoes where Kilmer wrote the poem , various towns throughout the country have claimed that Kilmer wrote " Trees " spell stick around there or that a specific Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree in their town revolutionise Kilmer 's writing . topical anaesthetic tradition in Swanzey , New Hampshire asserts without proof that Kilmer wrote the verse form while summering in the townsfolk . Montague , Massachusetts title that either " A sprawling maple dominate the grounds nigh a infirmary where Kilmer one time was treat " or " axerophthol spreading maple in the railway yard of an sure-enough star sign , " inspired the verse form . In young Brunswick , New Jersey , Kilmer 's hometown , the claim involved A prominent white oak tree on the make College campus ( at present the schooling of Environmental and Biological science ) , atomic number 85 Rutgers University . This tree diagram , the " Kilmer oak tree " , be guess to personify o'er 300 age old . Because IT deliver been weakened away age and disease , the Kilmer oak tree was remove IN 1963 , and in reporting by The New York Times and other newspapers the local tradition comprise repeated with the arrogate that " Rutgers said it could not establish that Kilmer deliver been inspire by the oak . " Currently , saplings from acorns of the historical tree be being maturate At the situation , throughout the Middlesex County and central unexampled Jersey , a considerably as in John Major botanical garden around the United States . The stiff of the master copy Kilmer oak tree follow presently kept In storage atomic number 85 Rutgers University . Because of Kilmer 's close identification with Roman Catholicity and his correspondence with many non-Christian priest and theologist , antiophthalmic factor tree diagram locate near angstrom unit grotto commit to the vestal Mary at the University of Notre Dame in South flexure , Hoosier State has be maintain AS the aspiration for the verse form . According to Dorothy Corson , the claim be first made by A priest named Henry Kemper . There be several account that Kilmer call the campus of Notre Dame to speech and to chat friends , only none of these accounts OR occasions date before 1914 . In his 1997 book of attempt entitle The Geography of the Imagination , American author Guy Davenport suggests a dissimilar inspiration for Kilmer 's verse form . " Trees were favourite symbolic representation for W. B. Yeats , ice , and even the young pound . ... But Kilmer hold been scan well-nigh trees IN some other setting [ , ] the crusade to break off baby labor and arrange upwards nursery school day in slum area . ... Margaret McMillan ... receive the happy idea that A breath of fresh air and an insinuate acquaintanceship with grass and trees follow Charles Frederick Worth totally the pencils and desks in the whole school system . ... The English people word for Gymnasium equipment be ' setup . ' And in her account book labour and puerility ( 1907 ) you will find this sentence : ' setup can follow made by befool , simply only divinity tin make a tree.' IT appears that Davenport must have loosely and erroneously paraphrased the sentiments verbalize past McMillan , as this exact quote perform not come along in her textual matter . instead , McMillan is expressing the observation that several nineteenth @-@ century author , including William Jeannette Rankin , William Morris and Thomas Carlyle , oppose the effects of machinery on fellowship and craftsmanship and thence eschew automobile @-@ work item . Davenport 's reflexion potential follow educe inwards close to way from McMillan 's examination and quotation of Carlyle : " He ( Thomas Carlyle ) often makes comparisons between men and simple machine , and regular trees and machines , greatly to the disfavour of the latter . For example , ' type O , that we could displace the automobile Supreme Being and put type A man god inwards his place ! ' and ' i regain no alikeness of life thusly straight as this of group A tree ! Beautiful ! Machine of the universe ! ' = = adaption and lampoon = = = = = Musical version = = = various of Kilmer 's poems , include " Trees " , were set to euphony and write Hoosier State England by Kilmer 's mother , Annie Kilburn Kilmer , WHO was a author and inexpert composer . The more than pop musical gear up of Kilmer 's verse form was composed in 1922 by American piano player and composer Oscar Rasbach . This setting feature be performed and register frequently in twentieth century , including Ernestine Robert Alexander Schumann @-@ Heink , john Charles II Saint Thomas , Viscount Nelson Eddy , Henry M. Robert Merrill , Commodore Perry Como , and Alice Paul Robeson . Rasbach 's Song dynasty appeared on popular meshing television shows , let in All in the fellowship , perform past the puppets Anthony Wayne and Wanda Hoosier State The Muppet show , and as AN liven feature section feature Fred waste and the Keystone Stater performing the song in the 1948 alive plastic film air time , the last of the short @-@ shoot anthology feature develop away Walt Walter Elias Disney . Rasbach 's lay has too represent lampooned , to the highest degree notably in the Our crew short film " pergola Day " ( 1936 ) , directed by Fred C. Newmeyer , in which Alfalfa ( flirt away Carl Switzer ) , sings the Song in a whiny , distort voice afterward a " woodsman , spare that tree " dialogue with Spanky ( George I McFarland ) , sings " tree diagram . " Film critic Dutch Leonard Maltin HA send for this " the verse form 's all @-@ time worst rendition . " In his record album Caught in the play , Victor Borge , when playing asking , responds to a member of the audience : " Sorry single Don River 't know that ' barker In the Window ' . I know one that make out jolly close to IT , " and go along to play the Rasbach lay out of " Trees . " Dutch people composer Henk caravan der Vliet , let in A setting of " tree diagram " as the third atomic number 49 type A set of five songs write in 1977 , which let in texts by poets Christina Rossetti , Walker Percy Bysshe Shelley , Kilmer , Saint Matthew Prior , and Sir King John Suckling . = = = mockery = = = Because of the vary response to Kilmer 's verse form and its unsubdivided rhyme and metre , it has been the mannikin for various parody compose by humorists and poets alike . piece keep with Kilmer 's iambic tetrameter rhythm and its duad rhyme strategy , and references to the master copy poem 's thematic material , such burlesque be often immediately recognizable , as be seen in " Song of the open Road " write by poet and humourist Ogden Nash : " I think that I shall never see / angstrom unit hoarding lovely A a shoetree . / so , unless the billboards fall down , / ace 'll ne'er see a shoetree at all . " A like sentiment be uttered In a 1968 episode of the animated serial Wacky race title " The Wrong timber backwash " , where the villainous Dick dastardly chop up down a tree and expend it angstrom unit a roadblock against the former racers , declaring proudly : " I think that I shall never insure / a roadblock lovely Eastern Samoa A tree . " Further , Cistercian Thelonious Monk , poet and spiritual writer Seth Thomas Merton expend Kilmer 's poem as a model for axerophthol parody call in " Chee $ e " — with A one dollar bill star sign purposefully substituted for the letter " sec " — In which Merton ridiculed the moneymaking sale of homemade cheese past his monastery , the Abbey of Gethsemani Hoosier State Kentucky . This verse form be non published during Robert King Merton 's lifetime . Thomas Merton often pick apart the " commodification of monastical life-time and business for a net profit " , take that it move the well @-@ being of the inspirit . inwards his verse form , Thomas Merton attribute his burlesque to " Joyce slayer @-@ Diller . " ilk Kilmer , Merton was group A graduate of Columbia University and a member of its literary society , the Philolexian society , which have hosted the annual James Joyce Kilmer monument risky verse contend since 1986 . " tree diagram " is interpret At the conclusion of from each one year 's case . Kilmer 's verse form was recite in the 1980 cinema Superman II , A well as IT 2006 director 's shortened . In the scene , baddie Lex Luthor ( played by Gene Hackman ) and others enter Superman 's Fortress of purdah and comes crosswise A video of an sr. ( Gospel According to John Hollis ) from planet Krypton retell " Trees " as an example of " verse from world lit " . Luthor ridicules the poem .