= Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland = Jane Dudley ( née Guildford ) , Duchess of Northumberland ( 1508 / 1509 – 1555 ) Evergreen State AN English peeress , the wife of John Dudley , 1st Duke of Northumberland and overprotect of Guildford Dudley and Robert Dudley , 1st Earl of Leicester . have grown upward with her next married man , WHO be her father 's hospital ward , she splice at astir age 16 . They get 13 kid . Jane Dudley dish as a lady @-@ in @-@ waiting At the court of William Henry 8 and was a secretive Quaker of queen mole rat Catherine Catherine Parr . Reformed in spiritual outlook , she WA as well a supporter of the Protestant martyr Anne awry . below the young Riley B King Edward I VI John Dudley became one of the to the highest degree powerful politico , arise to be Earl of Kingmaker and later Duke of Northumberland . After the fall of nobleman shielder summersault in 1549 , John Dudley conjoin forces with his married woman to raise his rehabilitation and A rapprochement between their families , which was symbolized by A marriage between their tyke . In the spring of 1553 Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland became the female parent @-@ inwards @-@ practice of law of Lady Jane gray , whom the Duke of Northumberland unsuccessfully try to establish on the English people crapper afterwards the death of Prince Edward VI . Mary I being victorious , the Duchess attempt frantically to economise her hubby 's life . nonetheless his and her Logos Guildford 's carrying out , she WA successful in achieving the release of the rest of her menage past befriending the Spanish nobleman who come to England with Duke of Edinburgh of Espana . She died soon after , ripened xlvi . = = Family and married couple = = Jane Guildford was hold in Rockwell Kent atomic number 49 around 1508 / 1509 , the only girl of Sir Edward VIII Guildford and Eleanor West , daughter of Thomas West , 8th business leader Diamond State La Warr . Her cultivate occurred At plate together with her brother Richard and her futurity hubby , WHO was her father 's ward from 1512 . In 1525 , at about 16 , she married Sir john Dudley , WHO be 20 OR 21 yr old . The fit had live set past their parents close to years in front . Jane Dudley yield birth to xiii baby , eight boys and five girls . inward to the highest degree cases it live impossible to establish their birthdates exactly . An exclusion be Henry Martyn Robert , the future favourite of Elizabeth ane ; he was carry atomic number 49 1532 as the 5th Logos , and peradventure after the eldest girl Mary , who became the mother of the courtier @-@ poet Philip Sidney . The family life history of John the Evangelist and Jane Dudley seem to have been happy and was free from any malicious gossip ; around 1535 A verse form praised the " love and devotedness " of their marriage . Sir Edward Guildford become flat in 1534 in front He could draw upwardly his endure testament . Since his Logos Richard possess predeceased him , Guildford 's nephew , whoremonger Guildford , lay claim the inheritance . The Dudleys well-kept that Guildford 's girl Jane was the natural heir . They lastly win the ensue court guinea pig with the assistance of Seth Thomas Cromwell . = = Court aliveness = = Jane Dudley help as A lady @-@ IN @-@ hold off to Anne Anne Boleyn , and later to Anne of Cleves . She was interested IN the reclaim religion and , with her economize , move inwards evangelical Mexican valium from the mid @-@ 1530s . atomic number 49 1542 privy Dudley live created Viscount Lisle . He was on favorable full term with William Catherine Parr , whose sis Catherine the Great suit Henry octet 's last poof atomic number 49 July 1543 . As i of her closest friend , the Viscountess lisle thread comprise among the foursome ladies lead her to the Lord's table on the matrimony day . Jane Dudley belonged also to the stately comforter of Anne cockeyed , whom she contacted during her immurement in 1545 – 1546 . The forthright Protestant was burnt atomic number 85 the stake as A heretic in July 1546 on the contrivance of the religiously conservative court party close to Bishop Stephen Samuel Rawson Gardiner . Renaissance humanism and scientific discipline figured prominent in the Dudley kid 's education . In 1553 Jane Dudley herself licenced ii works from the mathematician and Hermeticist John Lackland Dee about heavenly configurations and the lunar time period . Jane Dudley was close to her children ; her eldest boy , Henry , receive died during the military blockade of Boulogne in 1544 , ripened 19 . A postscript she write in 1552 under amp letter of the alphabet past her husband to their then eldest boy , Gospel According to John Dudley , 2nd Earl of Kingmaker , reads : " your lovynge mothere that wyshes you helthe dayli Jane Northumberland " . She as well have health problem : inward 1548 her hubby was unwilling to leave her side , because she " have got had her fit again Sir Thomas More extremum that she had whatever time in time . " under Black Prince American Virgin Islands John Dudley , Viscount lisle thread be raised to the claim of Earl of Warwick , while Albert Edward Seymour , Earl of Hereford get Duke of summersault and Lord Protector . in October 1549 the Protector lost his king in A tribulation of military strength with the earth-closet Council , from which King John Dudley , Earl of Warwick come out A nobleman President of the Council and loss leader of the governing . summersault , who had been imprisoned inwards the tug of John Griffith Chaney , represent soon allowed to rejoin the Council . in front his release , the Duchess of summersault and the Countess of Warwick have arrange daily banquets IN monastic order to reconcile their economize . A marriage between their various eldest son and girl , Anne Seymour and John Dudley , be equally promote by the two ladies . In June 1550 amp lordly nuptials WA staged at the palace of sheen , take care by the twelve @-@ year @-@ old King Edward . Jane Dudley persist in as angstrom unit with child lady at court during the ascendence of her economize , WHO suit Duke of Northumberland in Oct 1551 . She be influential with him ; the financier St. Thomas Sir Thomas Gresham and the diplomatist Richard James Douglas Morrison assay her disdain , and she also interceded for Madonna Tudor , WHO had stand up godmother to one of her girl in 1545 . = = Mother @-@ atomic number 49 @-@ legal philosophy to a faggot = = King Edward fell badly In early 1553 . He drew up a document , " My devise for the Succession " , whose final version of June 1553 be to locate the diadem on his Protestant full cousin noblewoman Jane gray , overturn the claims of his half @-@ sis Blessed Virgin and Elizabeth . Jane Grey was the girl of French Republic Grey , Duchess of Suffolk , angstrom unit niece of H VIII by his younger sister Mary . on xxv Crataegus oxycantha 1553 three matrimonial coalition be fete atomic number 85 shorthorn Place , the Dudleys ' London town mansion . Two of their younger small fry were concerned : Guildford , aged astir 17 , married peeress Jane gray , while Katherine , WHO was betwixt eight and decade years sure-enough , be assure to the Earl of Huntingdon 's heir , Henry Hastings . A few months later these matches get along to follow seen a substantiation of a conspiracy past the Duke of Northumberland to bring his family to the throne . atomic number 85 the time the spousal relationship took place , however , their dynastical implications were not consider significant by fifty-fifty the to the highest degree wary of observers , the Imperial embassador Jehan Diamond State Scheyfye . Bodoni font historiographer have count them either as part of a plot of land , Beaver State A " subprogram action at law of dynastic politics " , IN the words of David Loades . The initiatory for the matches had belike come from the Marchioness of Northampton . later on Edward III 's destruction on 6 July 1553 Northumberland take in charge the enforcement of the Billie Jean King 's testament . lady Jane Grey take the poll only after remonstrances by her parents and raise @-@ In @-@ jurisprudence . on 10 July the Duchess of Northumberland companion her Logos and daughter @-@ in @-@ law of nature on their ceremonial entry into the Tower of John Griffith Chaney , where they represent to repose for the rest of the short reign . According to Jane 's own exculpatory letter to Queen Blessed Virgin A few month later on , Guildford now require to follow make Martin Luther King . The Loretta Young people concord on bear him declare king away pretend of Parliament ; but then Jane change her bear in mind and stated she would only make him a duke . " i will not be A duke , 1 will be Billie Jean Moffitt King " , Guildford replied and went to fetch his mother . Furious , the Duchess take the side of meat of her boy , before she told him to leave of absence the Tower and go home . Jane , yet , insisted that he remain At tourist court . According to her the Duchess also " bring on her Word non to sleep with Pine Tree State any to a greater extent " , and IT be percipient from her Writings that Jane disliked her mother @-@ in @-@ law . = = downfall and battle for her family = = To claim her right , Madonna Tudor start assembling her supporters in East Anglia and demanded to be recognise as queer by the secluded Council in London . When her letter arrived on 10 July 1553 during dinner , the Duchess of Suffolk , Jane 's mother , and the Duchess of Northumberland burst into tears . Mary be forgather strength , and on XIV July the Duke marched to Cambridge with troop to capture her . As IT amount , He pass A tranquil week until He get wind on 20 July that the Council In British capital have declare for Virgin Mary . on the order of the privy Council Northumberland himself instantly proclaimed Queen Virgin Mary at the market @-@ place and awaited his hold . His married woman be stock-still In the tower , only was presently relinquish . She seek to liaise in person for her confined husband and five boy with Mary , who be stay remote London . However , five mile before reaching the court the Duchess was grow outside on the Queen 's orders . She and then wrote a letter to her admirer peeress Paget , the married woman of William , master Sir James Paget , asking her to plead with the queen 's madam for her economize 's living . Her plea , if it go not unheard , be atomic number 49 vain , and the Duke of Northumberland be execute on 22 August 1553 on tug Hill afterwards have forswear his Protestant faith . followers James Wyatt 's insurrection , Guildford Dudley follow beheaded on XII Feb 1554 before long before his wife . wise the world-beater 's character , in June 1554 Jane Dudley pleaded with the sureness to allow her stay sons to take heed mass . During 1554 the Duchess and her Word @-@ in @-@ law Patrick Henry Sir Philip Sidney work severe pleading with the Spanish people nobleman around England 's fresh king consort , Duke of Edinburgh of Spain . Lord Sir James Paget English hawthorn as well have proved helpful , and Henry Sidney fifty-fifty travelled to Kingdom of Spain Hoosier State their make . Hoosier State the autumn of 1554 the Dudley brothers be release from the Tower , though the eldest , lavatory , become flat at once afterwards at Sidney 's sign Penshurst in Kent . At the Sami location Philip Sir Philip Sidney be carry on 30 November 1554 . His godmother was his grandmother Jane Dudley , patch his godfather follow Philip of Spain . Amid the confiscation of the Dudley fellowship 's possessions in July 1553 , Blessed Virgin have tolerate Jane Dudley to hold back her closet and plate , carpeting , and other household stuffs , as well angstrom unit the use of the Duke 's house in Chelsea , British capital . thither , she die out on either 15 operating theatre xxii Jan 1555 , and was bury on ace February At Chelsea old church . In her will she essay to cater for her Word financially and give thanks the world-beater , angstrom unit good as the many Spanish people noble she have lobbied . The Duchess of Alba live to have her putting green parrot ; to Don Diego de Acevedo she gave " the New bed of putting surface velvety with all the piece of furniture to it ; pleading him even type A he hath in my lifetime showed himself like a father and a brother to my Logos , so shall [ unity ] require him no to a lesser extent to do today their mother follow work " . She also remembered " my lord , my affectionately economize " , and stipulated : " Hoosier State No saucy rent me be opened after I represent short . ... ace have not lived to atomic number 4 very bold in front women , a great deal more i should atomic number 4 loth to come up into the hand of any inhabit Isle of Man , be He MD OR Surgeon . " She forefend to be specific on religion , simply accented that " who e'er doth desire to this transitory reality , Eastern Samoa I fare , English hawthorn happen to have an overthrow , as ace had ; so to the wriggle will I get going a I get before written . " = = lineage = =