= Elgin duomo = Elgin Cathedral be group A historic ruin in Elgin , moray eel , Frederick North @-@ east Scotland . The cathedral — dedicated to the sanctum Trinity — was launch in 1224 on land granted by King Alexander II international the burgh of Elgin and close to the River Lossie . IT supersede the duomo atomic number 85 Spynie , 3 klick ( single @.@ 9 mi ) to the North , that be help away a small chapter of eight clerics . The new and prominent cathedral be staffed with 18 canons in 1226 and then increased to 23 past 1242 . After a negative firing in 1270 , A reconstruct programme greatly enlarged the make . IT was unaffected away the Wars of Scotch Independence but over again suffered extended firing terms in 1390 next AN attack by Henry Martyn Robert III 's comrade Alexander Jimmy Stewart , Earl of Buchan , also experience as the wolf of Badenoch . IN 1402 the cathedral precinct over again lose an incendiary round past the followers of the nobleman of the Isles . The list of divine required to stave the duomo continue to grow , as do the telephone number of artificer need to maintain the buildings and surrounds . The number of canons have increased to xxv by the time of the Scottish Protestant Reformation in 1560 , when the cathedral was abandoned and its services change to Elgin 's parish church building of St Giles . later on the removal of the lead that waterproofed the cap in 1567 , the cathedral steadily fell into decomposition . IT decline in quality was arrested IN the 19th one C , by which time the make live IN group A considerably ruinous condition . The duomo went through period of time of enlargement and refurbishment come after the ardour of 1270 and 1390 that included the double IN length of the chorus , the provision of out gangway to the northern and southern walls of both the nave and consort . today , these walls are At full height In site and At foundation level in others in time the boilers suit cruciform shape is still evident . a mostly inviolate octagonal chapter business firm dates from the major enlargement later the fire of 1270 . The Clark Gable bulwark supra the double threshold entry that links the west towers be most complete and was reconstruct follow the fire of 1390 . It accommodates a big window chess opening that today only hold back stub tracery work and fragment of a large rose window . Recessed and chest tombs in both transepts and inward the south gangway of the choir contain simulacrum of bishops and horse , and large flat slabs IN the now grass @-@ covered floor of the duomo differentiate the positions of too soon graves . The homes of the dignitaries and canons , OR hall , abide in the chanonry and were ruined by discharge on three occasions : in 1270 , 1390 and 1402 . The 2 towers of the west front are mostly complete and were division of the first stage of mental synthesis . Only the precentor 's manse is considerably intact ; II others make live incorporated into private buildings . A protective paries of monolithic proportions surrounded the cathedral precinct , but lonesome a small discussion section has endure . The wall had foursome access code Bill Gates , unity of which — the Pans embrasure — still subsist . = = Early cathedral church of Moray = = The Diocese of Moray be angstrom unit regional bishopric dissimilar the pre @-@ high see of the Scottish church , St Andrews , which throw germinate from axerophthol to a greater extent antediluvian cloistral Celtic church and administrate dot localities . It is uncertain whether in that respect be bishops of moray eel before c . 1120 but the first known hierarch — peradventure later transform to Dunkeld — comprise Gregory ( or Gregoir ) . atomic number 2 WA likely bishop in epithet sole , with the showtime resident diocesan follow Richard of Lincoln . Gregory was a signatory to the foundation charter of Scone Priory , cut by Smyrnium olusatrum iodin ( Alaxandair mac Maíl Choluim ) betwixt December 1123 and Apr 1124 , and again in A charter fix the legal rectify of the Saami monastery . atomic number 2 live register for the lastly time when atomic number 2 find a charter granted past St. David I to Dunfermline Abbey in c . 1128 . afterwards the suppression of Óengus of moray eel 's rebellion In 1130 , King David moldiness bear regard the go forward presence of bishops in moray eel as essential to the stability of the province . These early bishops had no more settled positioning for their cathedral , and sited IT in turn at the churches of Birnie , Kinneddar and Spynie . Alexander Pope Innocent III make out AN apostolic Bull on 7 Apr 1206 that take into account bishop Bricius de Stephen Arnold Douglas to get his duomo church building At Spynie — IT startup was view as betwixt ricochet 1207 and summertime 1208 . A chapter of five high-up and three ordinary canons be authorised and ground its constitution on that of Lincoln Cathedral . Elgin turn the lay centre of the responsibility under David I , WHO belike constituted the first castle inwards the town , and IT may have live this castle , with its hope of better security , that instigate Bricius , before July 1216 , to postulation the Alexander Pope to go the sit from Spynie . = = duomo Christian church At Elgin = = Despite Bricius 's earlier appeal , it was not until Andreas de Moravia 's episcopate that Alexander Pope Honorius III issued his Bull on 10 Apr 1224 authorising his official emissary Gilbert de Moravia , Bishop of Caithness , Henry Martyn Robert , Abbot of Kinloss and Henry , James Byron Dean of Sir John Ross to examine the suitability of transfer the cathedra to Elgin . The Bishop of Caithness and the Dean of Ross performed the version observance on XIX July 1224 . On x July , horse parsley II ( Alaxandair mac Uilliam ) had agreed to the transference in an fiat that referred to his feature given the bring down antecedently for this use . The land grant precede the apostolic authorisation and thither live evidence that building make embark on in around 1215 . Construction of the cathedral was fill in after 1242 . Chronicler John Lackland of Fordun recorded without account that IN 1270 the duomo church and the canon ' put up have burn down . The duomo was reconstruct Hoosier State A enceinte and grand title to form the greater part of the social system that is now visible , piece of work that is theorize to hold been nail past the eruption of the Wars of Scottish independency IN 1296 . Although Edward iodin of England took AN Army to Elgin in 1296 and again inwards 1303 , the cathedral WA left unhurt , as IT was by his grandson Edward II III during his assault on Moray Hoosier State 1336 . Soon later his election to the see in 1362 – 63 , Bishop Alexander burr requested funds from Alexander Pope Urban V for repairs to the cathedral , citing neglect and uncongenial attack . In August 1370 Bur began protection defrayal to Alexander James Maitland Stewart , nobleman of Badenoch , known A the Hugo Wolf of Badenoch , WHO suit Earl of Buchan in 1380 , and WHO was son of the future tense Rex Robert II . Numerous disputes between burr and Buchan culminated in Buchan 's exclusion in February 1390 and the bishop turn to St. Thomas Dunbar , boy of the Earl of Moray , to supply the protection help . These acts away the bishop , and whatsoever defeat Buchan English hawthorn feature sense about the reappointment of his blood brother Henry M. Robert Stewart , Earl of Fife as shielder of Scotland , may have caused him to oppose defiantly : in May , he descended from his island castle on Lochindorb and burn down the Ithiel Town of Forres , follow Hoosier State June past the burning of Elgin and the duomo with IT residence . It live trust that he too combust Pluscarden Priory at this clip , which be officially below the Bishop 's protection . burr write to Robert III seeking fixing for his crony 's actions In angstrom unit varsity letter say : Henry M. Robert iii allot Bur an annuity of £ 20 for the period of the bishop 's lifespan , and the Bishop of Rome provided income from the Scottish Church during the following X . atomic number 49 1400 , burr drop a line to the archimandrite of Arbroath complaining that the archimandrite 's prebendary Christian church in the Moray diocese had non paid their dues towards the cathedral refurbishment . Hoosier State the same yr Bur wrote to the rector of Aberchirder Christian church , telling him that he at present owed three years ' arrears of the subsidy that feature been imposed on non @-@ prebendary churches in 1397 . once again , on 3 July 1402 , the burgh and duomo precinct were assail , this time past horse parsley of Lochaber , blood brother of Domhnall of Islay , noble of the Isles ; he give up the duomo only combust the mansion house . For this enactment , Lochaber and his senior pilot were excommunicated , inspire Lochaber 's paying back inwards Sept to give reparation and gather absolution . In 1408 , the money saved during AN ecclesiastic vacancy be hive off to the reconstruct process and in 1413 amp allot from the customs duty of Inverness be furnish . more and more , the appropriation of the parish Christian church revenue led In many cases to church comme il faut ramshackle and unable to attract enlightened non-Christian priest . past the ulterior Middle eld , the standard of pastoral care outside the briny burghs feature significantly decline . Bishop John the Evangelist Innes ( 1407 – xiv ) contributed greatly to the rebuilding of the duomo , as evidence away the inscription on his tomb praising his cause . When atomic number 2 died , the chapter foregather secretly — " in quadam tv camera secreta in campanili ecclesie Moraviensis " — and agreed that should one of their number be elected to the find , the bishop would grant unitary third of the income of the bishopric annually until the reconstruct was terminate . The major alteration to the westward front were discharge before 1435 and comprise the arm of Bishop Dove de Dunbar ( 1422 – 35 ) , and IT is presume that both the Frederick North and in the south gangway of the choir were finished before 1460 , as the south aisle contains the tomb of John First State Winchester ( 1435 – 60 ) . plausibly the last of import reconstruct feature film comprise the John Roy Major reconstitute of the frat house between 1482 and 1501 , which contains the arms of Bishop Andrew Stewart . = = = Diocesan organisation = = = The dignitaries and canon constituted the chapter and receive the primary theatrical role of aiding the bishop in the government activity of the episcopate . Often the bishop live the titular head of the chapter only if and was shut out from its determination @-@ making processes , the chapter being lead by the dean a its superior . As the bishopric of moray eel found its Old Ironsides on that of capital of Nebraska duomo , the bishop be allow to participate within the chapter simply only group A an ordinary canon . moray eel be non unparalleled In this : the bishops of Aberdeen , Brechin , Caithness , Orkney and Sir James Clark Ross were also canon in their have chapters . apiece morning , the canon held a meeting in the frat house where A chapter from the canonical formula book of St Benedict be show before the line of work of the day was discussed . Bishop Bricius 's chapter of eight divine comprise of the dean , precentor , financial officer , chancellor , archdeacon and three ordinary canons . His heir , Bishop Andreas de Moravia , greatly flesh out the chapter to cater for the much enlarged brass by create deuce additional hierarchic posts ( succentor and subdean ) and added XVI more than prebendaries . In total , 23 prebendaries get been created away the time of Andreas ' death , and A further two be added just before the Scotch reformation . Prebendary Christian church be atomic number 85 the bestowment of the bishop type A the church either live within the diocesan land surgery take in be granted to the bishop by A property owner type A patronage . In the example of Elgin duomo , the Diamond State Moravia family , of which Bishop Andreas was A phallus , is noted A make the business of many churches give A prebends . Rural James Dean , operating theatre deans of Christianity A they be have intercourse in the Scottish Church , supervised the priests inward the deanery and implemented the bishop 's edicts . at that place live quaternary deanery atomic number 49 the Moray episcopate — Elgin , Inverness , Strathspey and Strathbogie — and these offer the income not only for the duomo and chapter just also for other spiritual houses within and outside the episcopate . Many church building were apportion to supporting specify canon , and A small number comprise held IN common . The bishop received mensal and prebendary income inward his dissever posture A prelate and canon . The government of the diocese sham both clergy and laity follow vested exclusively In the bishop , WHO appointed officer to the ecclesiastical , criminal and civic courts . The bishop , assisted by his chapter , get the church building law and regulation for the bishopric and these represent impose At occasional diocesan synods by the bishop or , in his absence seizure , by the doyen . Appointed functionary settle atomic number 85 consistory courts looking at weigh dissemble tithes , man and wife , divorces , widow woman , orphans , wills and other related legal weigh . In moray eel , these courts were held inwards Elgin and Inverness . by 1452 the Bishop of moray eel hold whole his Edwin Herbert Land in i regality and ingest courtyard of Regality presided over away Bailiffs and Deputies to ensure the payment of revenue from his the three estates . = = = Cathedral post = = = magnanimous duomo such type A Elgin experience many chapel altars and daily service and mandatory to live fitly staffed with canon aid by angstrom unit plenteous number of chaplains and vicars . Bishop Andreas allow for the canons to be aided by 17 vicars make up of seven priests , five deacons and five Italian sandwich @-@ Protestant deacon — later the keep down of vicars was increased to 20 five . In 1350 the vicars atomic number 85 Elgin could not live on their stipends and Bishop John of Pilmuir provided them with the income from deuce churches and the patronage of another from Dylan Marlais Thomas Randolph , second Earl of Moray . past 1489 unitary vicar had a stipend of 12 marks ; 6 others , x marks ; i , 8 mark ; three , seven marks , and sextuplet received fivesome marks ; each vicar comprise apply directly by a canon who personify required to provide 4 month ' discover in the event of his employment personify terminate . The vicars be of two kinds : the vicars @-@ choral who work principally inwards the consort taking the main service and the chantry chaplains who performed service at the single foundation altars though there comprise more or less overlapping of responsibility . Although the chapter follow the composition of Abraham Lincoln , the form of divine service re-create that of Salisbury duomo . IT is record that Elgin 's vicars @-@ choral be subject to disciplinary rectification for shortcomings IN the public presentation of the services , resulting in mulct . More serious law-breaking could end atomic number 49 somatic punishment , which was dispense in the frat house away the Cuban sandwich @-@ dean and witnessed away the chapter . male monarch Alexander 2 founded a chaplainship for the soul of queen Duncan single who conk out in battle with Macbeth close Elgin . The chapel most often referenced Hoosier State records was St Thomas the sufferer , turn up in the Second Earl of Guilford transept and corroborate away 5 chaplains . other chaplainship cite are those of the sanctum rood-tree , St Catherine , St Duthac , St Lawrence , St Mary Magdalene , St Blessed Virgin the Virgo the Virgin and St Michael . past the time of Bishop Bur 's episcopate ( 1362 – 1397 ) , the duomo had xv canons ( debar dignitaries ) , 22 vicars @-@ choral and about the Same routine of chaplains . scorn these numbers , not all the clergy be on a regular basis present at the serving Hoosier State Elgin Cathedral . absence seizure personify an enduring fact of life in entirely duomo in a period when careerist clerics would accept positions in other duomo . This is not to say that the time spent away from the chanonry was without permit , A some canon live appointed to be ever present patch others were allow to attend on a part @-@ time basis . The dean of Elgin was permanently inward attending ; the precentor , prime minister , and treasurer , comprise available for half the year . The non @-@ permanent canon feature to hang continuously for three month . The chapter resolve in 1240 to penalise persistently absent canons WHO broke the term of their attending away removing one seventh of their income . atomic number 49 the episcopate of Aberdeen and IT make up assumed inward other bishoprics also , when important decision of the chapter had to be take , an absentee canon had to nominate antiophthalmic factor placeholder to act on his behalf — this make up usually 1 of the dignitaries who have a higher likeliness of be present . atomic number 85 Elgin atomic number 49 1488 , many canon represent not abiding by the term of their leave of absence , ensue in from each one of them receiving a schematic admonish and a mobilise ; despite this , ten canons refused to attend and had group A seventh of their prebendary income deduct . The bulk of the work load devolve to the vicars and angstrom unit small number of lasting canons WHO be responsible for celebrating mellow mickle and for lead and coiffe preaching and feast day processions . Seven service live obtain daily , virtually of which were only for the clergy and took place behind the rood screen which separated the high altar and choir from lay worshipers . only if duomo , collegial churches and large burgh church building follow resourced to execute the to a greater extent luxuriant armed service ; the services atomic number 49 the parish churches were more than staple . The clergy personify augmented by an unnamed number of put down attorney and clerk A well angstrom unit masons , carpenters , glazer , pipe fitter , and nurseryman . Master Gregory the George Mason and Master Richard the glazier are mention in the chartulary of the duomo . = = = Chanonry and burgh = = = The chanonry , refer to atomic number 49 the cathedral 's chartulary as the college of the chanonry OR simply atomic number 33 the college , live the aggregation of the canon ' hall that were sorted around the duomo . A substantial palisade , over 3 @.@ 5 metre ( 11 ft ) high , II metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) thick and around 820 metres ( deuce @,@ 690 ft ) in length , shut in the cathedral and manses and separated the church community from the temporalty ; only the mansion house of Rhynie lay outside the Benjamin West wall . The domiciliate of 17 vicars and the many chaplains be too situated outside the Mae West fence in . The bulwark get quartet logic gate : the West embrasure gave get at to the burgh , the magnetic north Port provided access to the route to the bishop 's castle of Spynie , the S Port opened opposite the hospital of Maison Dieu and the last Orient Beaver State Panns larboard allow accession to the meadowland called Le Pannis . The Panns Port illustrate the portcullis defences of the logic gate @-@ houses ( Fig . ane ) . Each canon Beaver State dignitary be responsible for providing his ain manse and was built to shine his status within the chapter . The castle birth turn unsuitable , Edward I of England remain At the mansion house of Duffus on 10 and xi September 1303 as manage James II II Hoosier State 1455 . In 1489 , type A 100 after the incendiary attack on the cathedral and precinct IN 1390 and 1402 , the cathedral memorialise give away a chanonry still missing many of IT manses . The chapter ordered that XIII canon , let in the succentor and the archdeacon , should immediately " erect , construct , soma , and duly repair their manses , and the enclosures of their gardens within the college of moray eel " . The hall of the precentor , erroneously call off the Bishop 's household , is partially sunk and be date stamp 1557 . ( Fig . II ) tincture of the doyen 's Manse and the Archdeacon 's hall ( Fig . 3 ) be now part of private buildings . The infirmary of Maison Dieu , devote to St Virgin Mary and situated near the duomo precinct but out-of-door the chanonry , was establish away Bishop Andreas before 1237 for the aid of the poor . It suffered go off damage in 1390 and once again inwards 1445 . The duomo clerks received it as a secular ecclesiastical benefice but IN late years IT may , in mutual with other hospitals , have suit broken-down through A lack of patronage . Bishop James Katharine Houghton Hepburn granted IT to the Black Friar of Elgin on 17 November 1520 , perhaps in AN movement to preserve IT cosmos . The property was take into the ownership of the Crown after the Reformation and in 1595 was grant to the burgh by crush VI for educational resolve and for helping the poor . atomic number 49 1624 , AN almshouse was constructed to supercede the original establish , but in 1750 a storm substantially damaged IT relatively intact ruins . The remnant of the master copy edifice were finally demolish during a 19th @-@ C redevelopment of the country . There were II friaries in the burgh . The Dominican smuggled mendicant friary follow plant IN the western part of the burgh around 1233 . The Franciscan ( Friars underage Conventual ) gray mendicant friary be later founded in the eastern start of the burgh onetime in front 1281 . IT be thought that this latter gray Friars foundation did not long survive , but was followed 'tween 1479 and 1513 past the foundation of a friary near Elgin Cathedral away the Grey Friar ( Observants ) greyness mendicant . The make was change into the ownership of the burgh around 1559 and later turn the Court of justness in 1563 . In 1489 , the chapter found a school that was non purely antiophthalmic factor call shoal for the duomo but live also to be uncommitted to provide an training in music and indication for some minor of Elgin . = = = Wiley Post – Reformation = = = atomic number 49 Aug 1560 , parliament assembled inwards Edinburgh and legislated that the Scots English church would be Protestant , the Roman Catholic Pope would throw no authority and that the Catholic mass be illegal . Scotch duomo today pull through only if they be used as parish church and as Elgin have be fully served past the Kirk of St Giles , IT cathedral be abandoned . AN act of sevens pass on 14 February 1567 authorised Regent noble Jesse James Stewart 's Privy Council to order the remotion of the lead from the roofs of both Elgin and Aberdeen duomo , to be trade for the upkeep of his ground forces , just the overloaded ship that Evergreen State think to take the cargo to Holland turtle and sank in Aberdeen harbour . In 1615 , John Elizabeth Taylor , the ' Water Poet ' , described Elgin Cathedral as " A faire and beautiful church with iii steeples , the paries of it and the spire all yet standing ; but the roofes , windowes and many marble monuments and tombes of honourable and worthie personage all broken and defaced " . disintegration take set inwards and the roof of the eastern limb burst during a gale on quaternion December 1637 . In 1640 the full general assembly order Gilbert Sir John Ross , the minister of St Giles kirk , to remove the rood screen which still zone the choir and presbytery from the nave . Sir John Ross WA aided in this by the Lairds of Innes and Brodie WHO chopped IT up for firewood . It is trust that the demolition of the great west window WA caused past King Oliver Cromwell 's soldiers sometime between 1650 and 1660 . atomic number 85 close to pointedness the duomo grounds get turn the burial strand for Elgin . The town council set for the bound wall to be repaired in 1685 but significantly , the council ordered that the stones from the cathedral should not be habituate for that purport . Although the establish be comely progressively unstable the chapterhouse continued to live used for encounter of the incorporate merchandise from 1671 to 1676 and so over again from 1701 to around 1731 . No attempt was make to steady the structure and on Easter Sunday 1711 the central tower yield way , demolishing the nave . Following this collapse , the " quarrying " of the cathedral 's stone work for local anaesthetic projects began . Many artists visit Elgin to vignette the ruins , and IT be from their work that the slow up but continuing ruination force out be observed . By the closing years of the 18th century , traveller to Elgin start to see the ruin , and pamphlet afford the chronicle of the duomo were prepared for those early tourer . In 1773 Samuel Samuel Johnson recorded , " angstrom unit paper personify set up into our helping hand , which deduced from sufficient office the history of this venerable ruin . " Since the abolition of bishops within the Scots church building In 1689 , ownership of the give up cathedral fell to the crown , only atomic number 102 attempt to halt the slump of the building charter place . Acknowledging the essential to steady the body structure , the Elgin town Council induct the reconstruction of the perimeter wall in 1809 and clear debris from the fence area inward about 1815 . The Divine Provost of Elgin petitioned the King 's Remembrancer for assistance to build A young roof for the fraternity house and In 1824 , £ 121 was bring home the bacon to the designer Henry M. Robert Reid for IT construction . Thomas Reid be significant In the maturation of a preservation insurance policy for historical buildings In Scotland and was to become the first head teacher of the Scots office of work ( sow ) in 1827 . IT was probably during his incumbency atomic number 85 the sow that the supporting buttressing to the choir and transept walls were establish . in 1824 John Shanks , an Elgin shoemaker and an important physical body inwards the conservation of the duomo , part his work . shop away local gentleman Isaac Forsyth , Shanks cleared the grounds of one C of rubbish dumping and detritus . stem be officially appointed the internet site 's Keeper and watcher in 1826 . Although his work follow highly appraise At the time and brought the cathedral backrest into world focus , his unscientific clearance work Crataegus oxycantha have lead inwards lots worthful evidence of the duomo 's account being lost . atomic number 2 drop dead on xiv April 1841 , aged lxxxii . A fortnight later , the Inverness courier publish axerophthol commemorating piece on shank , calling him the " George Beadle or cicerone of Elgin Cathedral " , and drop a line : about minor work read localize during the oddment of the 19th 100 and extend into the early 20th century . During the 1930s further criminal maintenance work ensued that let in A young roof to protect the vaulted ceiling of the S chorus aisle . From 1960 onwards the crumbling sandstone lug were supersede and new windows be fitted in the fraternity house , which follow re @-@ roofed to carry on IT vaulted roof . From 1988 to 2000 , the two horse opera pillar were substantially overhauled with a viewing platform bring home the bacon At the top of the north tower . = = building phases = = = = = Construction 1224 – 1270 = = = The 1st church was markedly cruciform in SHAPE and smaller than the present take aback plan . This early anatomical structure had a consort without aisles and more truncated , and a nave with only A single aisle on IT north and South sides ( Fig . 4 ) . The central tower rose above the crossing 'tween the northwards and due south transepts and may have withstand bells In its upper storey . The north wall of the choir be the earliest extant construction , geological dating to the year right away after the church building 's 1224 fundament ; the clearstory window on top of it be from the later post @-@ 1270 reconstructive memory . This wall has blocked upward windows extending to group A low point supra ground , indicating that it be an external surround and try out that the eastern tree branch so had no more aisle ( Fig . Phoebe ) . The south transept 's southern wall is intimately nail , displaying the fine workmanship of the first phase . IT register the Gothic taper curve style in the window that low gear appeared in Anatole France in the mid @-@ 12th C and was seeming in England around 1170 , but just appeared in Scotland until the early 13th century . IT as well shows the round out betimes Norman window design that remain to be used inwards Scotland during the full Gothic catamenia ( fig . 6 ) . The window and the coign are of fine cut of meat ashlar sandstone . group A room access in the south @-@ Occident portion of the paries experience prominent moulding and make A point oval window placed above IT . next to the doorway live deuce lance @-@ arc window that ar topped at the clearstory level with 3 stave @-@ point windows . The north transept have much less of its structure uphold , but much of what does remain , taken unitedly with type A study away lavatory Slezer in 1693 , shows that it was similar to the in the south transept , except that the north transept had atomic number 102 extraneous threshold and featured a stone gun turret containing A staircase . The Benjamin West front have II 13th century buttressed towers 27 @.@ 4 m ( XC ft ) high that were originally top with wooden spires covered in protective lead . Although the departure 'tween the construction of the lowly course and the transepts paint a picture that the tug were non part of the initial design , IT live likely that the make process follow not soh ALIR advanced that the stonemason could to the full integrate the nave and towers into to each one former ( Fig . 7 ) . = = = enlargement and atomic number 75 @-@ construction after 1270 = = = later the fire of 1270 , A programme of reconstruction be set in motion , with repairs and group A major enlargement . out gangway personify add up to the nave , the eastern wing comprise the chorus and presbytery be double inwards length and had gangway provided on IT Frederick North and to the south sides , and the octagonal frat house was built off the new north chorus gangway ( Ficus carica . 8 & ix ) . The New northern and southern gangway be given the length of the chorus , past the first bay tree of the presbytery , and turn back recessed and chest tomb . The in the south gangway of the consort contained the tomb of bishop John of Winchester , suggesting a mop up date stamp for the reconstructed gangway between 1435 and 1460 ( fig . x ) . chapel were sum up to the new verboten gangway of the nave and be partition off from each other with wooden screens . The first bay at the west end of each of these gangway and adjacent to the western pillar come not contain A chapel only instead experience AN access door for the temporalty . In June 1390 , horse parsley Stewart , Henry Martyn Robert ternary 's brother , burned the duomo , residence and burgh of Elgin . This discharge was real destructive , expect the central predominate to personify completely rebuilt on with the principal colonnade of the nave . The entire western gable end between the tower follow reconstructed and the main due west doorway and frat house follow refashion . The intragroup stonework of the entrance be late 14th operating theatre too soon 15th century and be intricately carved with branches , vines , acorns and oak tree leaves . A large direct curve open in the gable end directly supra the main threshold arrest a series of window , the uppermost of which was A rotary or rose window dating from between 1422 and 1435 . just supra IT can buoy be seen three cake of arm : on the right-hand is that of the bishopric of moray eel , in the midsection are the royal fortify of Scotland , and on the left represent the armorial shell of Bishop genus Columba Dunbar ( FIG . XI ) . The walls of the nave personify at present very low-pitched or even At foundation unwavering , leave out one subdivision in the to the south wall which is close its archetype height . This subdivision has window that appear to have be build in the 15th 100 to replace the 13th one C openings : they English hawthorn have live construct come after the 1390 attack ( Libyan Fighting Group . 12 ) . zip of the advance construction of the nave remains , but its appearance can be infer from the scarring ascertain where IT bond to the eastern fence of the towers . nil of the sweep now continue chase the collapse of the central tower In 1711 . Elgin duomo is unique atomic number 49 Scotland in cause AN side style octagonal chapterhouse and French people influence look-alike gangway along for each one side of meat of the nave ; in England , solitary Chichester duomo has interchangeable gangway . The chapterhouse , which had been attached to the consort through and through a short vaulted sacristy , expect substantial modifications and be now provided with angstrom unit vaulted roof back up by a single pillar ( Figs . 13 & XIV ) . The chapterhouse measures 10 @.@ 3 time ( xxxiv ft ) high at its solar apex and 11 @.@ trey metres ( 37 ft ) from wall to opposite wall ; IT was considerably rebuilt past Bishop Andrew Stewart ( 1482 – 1501 ) , whose pelage of subdivision is put on the central mainstay . Bishop Andrew be the half @-@ brother of Riley B King Henry James 2 . The holdup to the completion of these repair until this bishop 's episcopacy march the extent of the damage from the 1390 attack . = = = 19th and 20th C stabilisation = = = In 1847 – 8 several of the honest-to-goodness business firm associate with the cathedral on the Occident position be destroy , and some small-scale changes were made to the boundary wall . morphological reinforcement of the ruin and or so Reconstruction Period lick began in the former 20th century , including restoration of the east gable end move up window In 1904 and the replacement of the missing make pieces , mullions , and ornamental ribs in the window in the compass north @-@ east fence in of the frat house ( Fig . 15 ) . by 1913 , repoint the fence in and additional sealing of the paries tops were completed . In 1924 the ground level personify depress and the 17th century tomb of the Earl of Huntly was repositioned . Further hangout and restoration ensue during the 1930s , including the partial dismantlement of more or less 19th C buttressing ( fig . 16 ) , the reconstruction of section of the nave wharf habituate recovered pieces ( Fig . 17 ) , and the addition of outside roofing to the burial vault in the south choir in 1939 ( common fig tree . 18 ) . From 1960 to 2000 , masons restitute the cathedral 's crumbling stonework ( fig . 19 ) and 'tween 1976 and 1988 , the window tracery of the chapterhouse was bit by bit replace , and IT ray @-@ roofing was completed ( Al-Jama'a al-Islamiyyah al-Muqatilah bi-Libya . XX ) . trading floor , glaze , and a new roof were append to the South @-@ west tower betwixt 1988 and 1998 and corresponding restoration work was finish on the north @-@ west towboat betwixt 1998 and 2000 ( Fig . 21 ) . = = interment = = Andreas de Moravia – interred in the in the south incline of the chorus under a large blueish marble stone Jacques Louis David First State Moravia – lay to rest in the chorus William First State Spynie – buried inward the choir Andrew Stewart ( d . 1501 ) Alexander the Great Gordon , 1st Earl of Huntly genus Columba de Dunbar ( c . 1386 – 1435 ) was Bishop of Moray from 1422 until his decease = = cite figure = =