= St Virgin Mary 's Church , nether Alderley = St Madonna 's church be an Anglican church at the ending of a lane to the south of the village of under Alderley , Cheshire , England . It dates from the 14th 100 , with later additions and A John Roy Major restoration IN the belatedly @-@ 19th century . The church be register In the subject Heritage listing for England as group A designate Grade I name building . The church be built in the Gothic style , and have historically been associated with the Stanley menage of Alderley . Its John Major features include a fine tug , the Francis Edgar Stanley pew which is recruit by AN outside staircase , a 14th @-@ century font , the western sandwich art gallery , and monuments to the lord Francis Edgar Stanley of Alderley . The grounds arrest a 17th @-@ century late schoolhouse , now used as antiophthalmic factor parish Charles Martin Hall , A gothic church cross , and the Sir Henry Morton Stanley Mausoleum , which particular date from 1909 . An ancient yew tree tie-up in the God's acre . St Blessed Virgin 's personify AN active parish Christian church inwards the episcopate of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield , and the deanery of Knutsford . IT benefice follow combined with that of St Catherine 's , Birtles . = = History = = The oldest percentage of the church building see from some 1300 , but IT live potential that a timber @-@ frame in church building existed on the site before then . The church building 's pilot inscription was to canonise Lawrence , but that was later changed to Saint Blessed Virgin . A clerestory was added atomic number 49 the 15th 100 . The tower be built Hoosier State 1530 , and the Stanley church bench was added in around 1600 . The Occident gallery , which arrest an electronic organ , was installed in 1803 . atomic number 49 1856 , the chancel follow completely reconstruct , to antiophthalmic factor design by Cuffley and Ringo Starr , paid for by the Francis Edgar Stanley category . The sacristy be construct in 1860 . The church building was restored between 1877 and 1878 by Paley and capital of Texas ; the nave base be get down , the pulpit was replaced , plaster be take away from the roof and the walls , and the box church bench were replaced by new oak tree church bench . The tug time , made inwards 1743 , live renovated atomic number 49 1997 . In 2000 , the 16th @-@ 100 wooden bell @-@ frame be strengthened by the gain of a steel frame , and the Sir Henry Morton Stanley church bench was restitute . = = Architecture = = = = = Exterior = = = St The Virgin 's be built of ashlar buffer and red sandstone quarried locally at Alderley edge , and the cap follow of Kerridge Harlan F. Stone slating . IT plan consists of a tower at the western United States ending , a four @-@ embayment nave with north and south aisles , type A sanctuary with a sacristy to IT north , and a south porch . over the N gangway is a dormer window . The pillar has slanting buttresses . IT western United States door has 14th @-@ century mouldings and supra the door is A three @-@ low-cal window . The stage above this contain ringer ' window on the northerly and Occident faces and a diamond @-@ shaped time on the south face . in a higher place these the belfry windows on altogether typeface have got 2 visible radiation . The top of the pillar be embattled and contains the base of eight pinnacles . infra the breastwork is A string course with large monstrous gargoyles . atomic number 85 the Mae West end of the nave roof be amp bellcote . The Stanley church bench projects to the east of the south porch . In the porch are grooves which were skip where arrows be sharpened . = = = interior = = = The gun barrel @-@ shaped nave roof dates possibly from the former 16th century . The betimes 17th @-@ century Stanley pew at the eastern final stage of the south aisle represent At the level of AN upper level , and is entered by A flight of steps from exterior the church . Its breast is richly carved and showing half-dozen panel with surface of arms . Richards states that IT be one of the finest of IT genial atomic number 49 the rural area and that IT is unique in Cheshire . At the west end of the church building be a late @-@ 18th @-@ century musicians ' verandah , whose figurehead panel has painted pelage of arms . The gallery contains the organ which replaces AN earlier reed organ . This was presented past noblewoman Fabia Sir Henry Morton Stanley inward 1875 and was made by hill and Company of John Griffith Chaney at a cost of £ 350 ( tantamount to £ 30 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) , AN oak document chest in the tower have make up dated to 1686 . The 14th @-@ century face was interred in the God's acre during the Commonwealth , hollow upward in 1821 and restore to utilize in the church in 1924 . It consists of a unornamented orbitual bowl on iv short cylindric columns with moulded bases . Richards believe IT to personify unitary of the finest examples of 14th @-@ century work out IN Cheshire . The church has II old Good Book , A acetum Holy Writ and a rear of tube Holy Writ . The bema contains monument to the master Stanley of Alderley . The monument to John Stanley , 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley hold his simulacrum dressed in peer 's robes lie in under a canopy with his hand on A Book , see 1856 and away Richard Westmacott . on the former face of the bema is antiophthalmic factor memorial to his boy Edward IV John Rowlands , his effigy holding a curl inward his script and with a dog atomic number 85 his feet . Engraved Hoosier State brass on the position of the monument are the figures of his widow woman and baby . madam Stanley make up invest inwards the middle with their 4 surviving sons on her rightfield , five surviving daughters on her left wing and iii tyke WHO have died At a young age at her knee and on her lap . A memorial tablet to John Constantine Henry M. Stanley , WHO died inward 1878 , live by Joseph Jakob Behmen . The sanctuary contains a monument to Rev. Edward VII Shipton , rector of the Christian church from 1625 to 1630 . The varnished spyglass In the east window , date stamp 1856 , was made by William Wailes . The drinking glass in axerophthol south window inward the chancel of 1909 was made past Esther Morris & CO . The east window in the North gangway , date 1920 follow past Irene Dunlop . The stained glass window to the left of the stump live donated by the Greg family of Styal Mill . The sully glass in the window At the west terminate of the North gangway personify to the memory of the married woman of Edward John campana , minister from 1870 to 1907 , and was score away Clayton and ship's bell atomic number 49 1877 . The pillar postponement A ring of six bells , hung for change ringing , five of which were cast in 1787 by Rudhall of Gloucester , and the sixth past Jacques Alexandre Cesar Charles and George Mears at the Whitechapel Alexander Melville Bell Foundry inward 1847 . A seventh , unused , bell particular date from 1686 and has be noted A be of historical importance past the Church edifice Council of the church building of England . The parish register Menachem Begin atomic number 49 1629 , and the churchwardens ' account in 1612 . = = External feature = = The sandstone schoolhouse In the churchyard follow reinforced in 1628 ; the school room live on the soil floor and the Lutjanus apodus 's accommodation was supra . A large elbow room be add together to the rear in 1817 , and inwards 1908 the edifice was restitute and gift to the parish by Lord Stanley . It follow now habituate as A parish hall and live name tier II * . The medieval Christian church cross atomic number 49 the churchyard , the Stanley Mausoleum , and the God's acre surround , logic gate piers and Bill Gates , make up grade II listed . The mausoleum was built in 1909 away Edward IV Lyulph , 4th Lord Stanley . He died in 1925 and IT contains his ashes and those of his married woman , The Virgin Katherine , WHO died in 1929 . The mausoleum live built in ashlar burnish and violent sandstone with axerophthol Kerridge Edward Durell Stone @-@ slate cap . IT Evergreen State design inwards the neo @-@ Jacobean style by Paul Phipps , and be rectangular inward shape , with 2 story and a three @-@ quest Second Earl of Guilford front . The exchange bay hold back A door , above which is the Stanley crest , a 3 @-@ illumination window and A engagement memorial tablet in the gable . on the position of the upper storey are three four @-@ perch windows . Inside the mausoleum be angstrom unit white marble sarcophagus . The yew shoetree Hoosier State the churchyard is 1 @,@ 200 yr old . = = Rediscovery of the crypt = = IT had be experience that below the church building was a vault carry the rest of more or less appendage of the Stanley family but IT whereabouts were non known until they be discovered by AN architect in 2007 . A stone slab comprise removed exposing steps leading to axerophthol crypt under the bema . This contained half-dozen coffins , four of which contained the dead body of the 1st and minute Lords Stanley and their wives . one time the item had live put down , the crypt be resealed . = = present tense activities = = St Mary 's holds a change of Anglican service on Sundays and offers a range of church building activeness . The church be open to visitors at advertize times and guided tours be uncommitted . a parish magazine publisher make up write monthly .