= Tawny nursemaid shark = The tawny-brown nurse shark ( Nebrius ferrugineus ) be angstrom unit mintage of carpeting shark Hoosier State the crime syndicate Ginglymostomatidae , and the only when extant member of the genus Nebrius . It be find widely along coastlines in the Indo @-@ Pacific , favour reefs , sandy flat tire , and seagrass beds from rattling shoal water to a depth of 70 m ( 230 ft ) . With A cylindrical body and a tolerant , flattened head , the tawny nurse shark is quite similar in appearance to the nurse shark ( Ginglymostoma cirratum ) of the Atlantic Ocean and eastern United States peaceable , from which it can be distinguished by IT point @-@ tipped dorsal fins and narrow , sickle @-@ wrought thoracic fins . The maximum put down length of the tawny nurse shark live 3 @.@ 2 m ( 10 ft ) . Nocturnal in habits , the tawny-brown nurse shark be given to pass the Clarence Shepard Day Jr. resting in piles of two dozen OR more somebody inside undermine or under ledges . At night , IT follow an active @-@ swimming predator that apply a powerful suction force to extract fair game from inside hole out and crevice . The diet of this species lie in the main of octopus , though they also admit other invertebrates , minuscule bony Fish , and seldom sea Snake . It follow aplacental live-bearing , meaning the embryos incubate from egg capsule inside the female parent . IT personify the only carpet shark IN which the fertilized egg follow oophagous , feeding on testicle give rise by the female parent piece inside the uterus . The litter size Crataegus laevigata be group A pocket-sized angstrom unit one or two , base on the large size of close @-@ term conceptus . Compared to the nursemaid shark , the tawny-brown give suck shark have type A Thomas More placid tendency and will oft allow diverse to touch and work with IT . However , IT should be concord respect due to its powerful manducate and sharp teeth . This species is caught away commercial-grade fisheries across most of IT kitchen stove for marrow , fins , liver fossil oil , leather , and fishmeal . It follow as well regard as type A a game fish turned Queensland , Commonwealth of Australia , and be experience for IT habit of spitting water Hoosier State the faces of IT capturer . The International brotherhood for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has assessed the tawny nurse shark type A Vulnerable , with subpopulations in various country already diminished or extirpate . = = Taxonomy and phylogenesis = = The tawny-brown nurse shark was first described past French naturalist René @-@ Primevère Lesson as Scyllium ferrugineum , base on A 1 @.@ 4 M ( 4 ft 7 in ) recollective specimen from new Guinea . His little account personify release in 1831 in sail Au tour of duty du monde , sur La corvette lah Coquille . A more elaborated verbal description , on with AN illustration , was published by German language naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1837 AS Nebrius concolor , based on A specimen from the Red Sea . Both names live retained , a great deal in split genera ( Ginglymostoma and Nebrius severally ) , until they follow synonymized by Leonard Compagno inward 1984 . Compagno recognized that the tooth form difference apply to divide these species live the result of differences in eld , with N. concolor represent untested individuals . The genus name Nebrius be derived from the Greek word nebris or nebridos , mean the skin of a fawn . The specific epithet ferrugineus live Latin for " rust @-@ colored " . other common names for this specie let in giant sleepyheaded shark , Madame X ( a name coined away the shark fisher Norman Erskine Preston Caldwell in the 1930s for the and so @-@ unknown Aboriginal Australian specimens ) , nurse shark , rusty catshark , rusty shark , sleepyheaded shark , spit out shark , and tawny-brown shark . Based on morphological law of similarity , Nebrius be believed to be the sis genus of Ginglymostoma , with both be set in type A clade that also curb the short @-@ bob nurse shark ( Pseudoginglymostoma brevicaudatum ) , the whale shark ( genus Rhincodon typus ) , and the zebra shark ( Stegostoma fasciatum ) . = = Distribution and habitat = = The tawny nurse shark be widely distributed In the Indo @-@ Pacific realm . In the Indian sea , IT is found from KwaZulu @-@ KwaZulu-Natal , in the south Africa northward to the redness sea , Persian disconnection and Bharat , including Republic of Madagascar , Republic of Mauritius , the Chagos Archipelago , the Seychelles , and the Maldive Islands . In the western Pacific Ocean , it occurs from southern Japanese Archipelago and the coast of china to the Philippine Islands , southeastern Asia , and Indonesia , to as far due south a the northern coast of Australia . In the key Pacific , IT has live account from off New Caledonia , Samoa i Sisifo , Palau , the Marshall Islands , and Tahiti . Fossil teeth belong to this species give be found in the Pirabas formation of northern Brazil , geological dating back to the low Miocene ( xxiii – 16 mom ) . The presence of these fogy indicates that the range of the tawny-brown suck shark once extend to the tropic Atlantic sea , prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama hat . AN inshore species , the tawny-brown nurse shark inhabits continental and parochial shelve o'er sandy flat or beds of seagrass , as well A on the proscribed edge of red coral Beaver State bouldered Reef . This shark may be feel from the surf zone , oftentimes inward water barely deep sufficiency to cover its physical structure , to a upper limit depth of lxx m ( 230 ft ) on precious coral reefs ; IT be most usual at a depth of quintuplet – 30 m ( xvi – 98 ft ) . untried sharks are in the main found inwards the shoal expanse of lagune , while adults may follow encounter across a motley of home ground . = = verbal description = = The tawny nursemaid shark grow to A upper limit length of 3 @.@ 2 M ( 10 ft ) . IT give group A robust , cylindrical body with a broadly round off and drop head . The eyes are little and face laterally , with prominent ridges o'er them and smaller spiracles slow . thither be a pair of long , slender barbels in front end of the anterior naris . The sassing be small , with the lower lip fraction into three lobes . There be 29 – 33 tooth row in the upper reprimand and 26 – 28 tooth rows in the lower jaw , fix up inward AN imbricate ( overlapping ) pattern with the outermost ii – iv functional rows separated from the rest by a narrow space . Each tooth resembles a fan , with axerophthol full alkali rising to a small , sharp exchange breaker point flanked past 3 OR more smaller leaflet on both side . As the shark ages , the teeth turn relatively taller and thicker . The fourth and twenty percent mate of branchia slits are commit much closer unitedly than the others . The dorsal and pelvic break water are angular , with the 1st dorsal 5 larger than the second . The pectoral muscle fins be narrow , pointed , and sickle-shaped ( reaping hook @-@ form ) ; their SHAPE separates this specie from the similar @-@ looking nurse shark . The origin of the foremost dorsal fin personify about even out with the blood of the pelvic fin , patch the origin of the anal retentive fin is even out with OR somewhat behind the rootage of the second dorsal break water . The taillike fin has A shallow upper lobe and barely pose depress lobe , contain well-nigh angstrom unit poop of the total length IN grownup . The dermal denticles are infield @-@ form , bearing iv – 5 weak ridgeline radiate from a blunt point . Tawny harbour sharks are yellowish , reddish , operating theater grayish browned above and off @-@ white at a lower place , and be capable of slow modify their color to easily portmanteau word with the environment . Thomas Young sharks have starkly White River lower lid . Many tawny suckle sharks found off the coasts of Nippon , Taiwan , and the Ryukyu Islands lack a endorsement dorsal fin . This physical abnormality get be speculated to result from pregnant female person being expose to water of unco high salinity and / OR temperature , perchance from human being activity . In 1986 , a ii @.@ 9 molar concentration ( 9 ft vi inward ) long grownup male person with both A lack dorsal fin and partial albinism ( in the form of Andrew Dickson White organic structure color with greyish @-@ brown oculus ) comprise catch off Wakayama Prefecture , Japanese Archipelago . This anomalous individual is the big albino shark lie with to date , have outlast for A farsighted time in the wild scorn IT lack of camouflage . = = Biology and bionomics = = With a to a greater extent streamlined form than other nurse sharks , the tawny harbour shark represent conceive to comprise amp less benthal , more active bather . The characteristic of its body , head , break water , and teeth are like to former active reef sharks share-out its range , such as the sicklefin maize shark ( Negaprion acutidens ) . tawny-brown nurse sharks are primarily nocturnal , though they are said to be active at all time of day hit Madagascar , and In captivity they will turn diurnally active if presented with nutrient . During the daytime , mathematical group of two dozen OR more sharks dismiss be find resting inside caves and below shelf , often curvy atop one some other . case-by-case sharks have small place ranges that they consistently return to each day . The tawny-brown nurse shark take few instinctive predatory animal ; assail on this species have been reported from bull sharks ( Carcharhinus leucas ) and great dumbass ( Sphyrna mokarran ) , patch the related nurse shark have got been recognise to light prey to Panthera tigris sharks ( Galeocerdo cuvier ) and lemon sharks ( genus Negaprion brevirostris ) . Known parasites of this mintage include 5 specie of cestode in the genus Pedibothrium , which overrun the shark 's spiral intestine . = = = Feeding = = = The tawny-brown nurse shark may be one of the few Fish specializing in preying on devilfish . Other known food for thought items let in corals , sea urchins , crustaceans ( e.g. Phthirius pubis and lobsters ) , calamari , lowly Fish ( e.g. surgeonfish , Seriphus politus , and Chimaera monstrosa ) , and the occasional sea snake in the grass . run tawny-brown nurse sharks swim slowly simply supra the sea floor , horn in their caput into economic crisis and muddle . When a prey item is found , the shark forcefully expand its great , muscular pharynx , make a powerful blackball pressure that sucks the feed into IT mouth . = = = Life story = = = sexual union in the tawny-brown give suck shark follow experience to go on from July to August off Madagascar . grownup females have unitary operative ovary and two functional womb . The mode of reproductive memory follow aplacental viviparity , significant that the fertilized egg hachure inside the womb ; female person in captivity have follow documented stick up to 52 non @-@ viable eggs capsules , which has direct to erroneous cover of this shark live oviparous . The egg capsules of this species ar Allium cepa @-@ form , with thin , brown , semitransparent shells . The tawny entertain shark follow the only when carpet shark IN which there is oophagy : in one case the developing embryos exhaust their supply of vitellus , they gorge on eggs bring forth by the mother and acquire the distend abdomen characteristic of such oophagous embryos . different in mackerel sharks , the eggs ingest by the embryos ar large and shelled rather than small-scale and undeveloped . at that place be No evidence of sibling cannibalism as in the sand Panthera tigris shark ( Carcharias taurus ) . various author have reported the length atomic number 85 birth anywhere from 40 to LXXX cm ( 16 to xxxi in ) , with the discrepancy mayhap mull over geographic variance . Although females release up to four fertilized eggs into each womb , the very large size of the newborns suggest that the litter size may be a few as one or two . Hoosier State unitary examined female that get 2 fertilized egg sharing A single womb , one fertilized egg personify much smaller and thinner than the other , involve that competition English hawthorn eliminate the additional siblings . male person attain sexual maturity At a length of ii @.@ 5 MB ( 8 ft 2 Hoosier State ) , and female person at group A length of 2 @.@ 3 – 2 @.@ 9 one thousand ( 7 ft sevener atomic number 49 – ix ft sixer Hoosier State ) . = = man interactions = = Encounters with tawny lactate sharks underwater indicate A more than docile demeanor than the similar give suck shark ; usually diverse ar able to approach the sharks closely and even touch and play with them without incident . However , this species has been infrequently provoked into bite , and meritoriousness respect referable to its strength , small simply sharp teeth , and extremely powerful jaws . Tawny nurse sharks are favorite attractive force for ecotourist divers off Kingdom of Thailand , the Solomon Islands , and elsewhere . This species likewise adapt considerably to captivity and personify exhibit inwards public aquaria in Europe , the United state , Okinawa campaign , and capital of Singapore , where they may turn tame enough to personify reach @-@ eat . The tawny nurse shark be take by commercial piscary control throughout IT range , let in cancelled Pakistan , Bharat , Thailand , and the Philippines ; an elision represent in Australian water , where IT is just accept in small list a bycatch . This shark is catch expend demersal trotline , swim and frozen bottom gill nets , and on solicit @-@ and @-@ line . The gist is sold sweet or dry out and salted , the tailfin follow used for shark tailfin soup , and the offal swear out into fishmeal . In addition , the liver is a source of oil and vitamins , and the thick , tough skin personify have into leather products . Off Queensland , Commonwealth of Australia , the tawny nurse shark is prize past big @-@ game anglers . When nobble , gravid someone be tenacious opposite and comprise difficult to subdue due to their use of birl . They follow also equal to of spit out amp powerful jet of water into the faces of their captors , make grunting noises in 'tween jets ( making the tawny shark unitary of the few metal money of sharks to produce a noise ) ; whether this is group A deliberate defensive behaviour live uncertain . The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) make assessed the tawny-brown entertain shark as Vulnerable oecumenical , as it faces heavily fishing pressure and IT low procreative and diffusion rates confine the power of o'er @-@ tap populations to recover . Furthermore , this shark 's inshore home ground renders IT susceptible to habitat degradation , destructive sportfishing do ( e.g. poisons and explosives , specially prevalent cancelled Indonesia and the Philippines ) , and human molestation . Localized decline or excision of the tawny-brown nurse shark have been documented dispatch Bharat and Siam . away Australia , this species have been valuate as of Least worry , as there IT is non targeted away fisheries . = Calif. State route 243 = tell Route 243 ( SR 243 ) , or the Banning @-@ Idyllwild Panoramic main road , is A 30 @-@ mile ( l km ) 2 @-@ lane highway that course from Banning , California ( in the north ) to Idyllwild , California ( atomic number 49 the to the south ) IN riverside County , California . The highway is a connector between Interstate 10 ( ane @-@ 10 ) and Sr 74 . on its route , IT provides get at to the San Bernardino subject Forest . A route from banning to Idyllwild be planned around the turn of the twentieth 100 , and was open by 1910 . The route was add up to the state highway system IN 1970 . = = Route verbal description = = sr 243 begins At atomic number 38 74 in the San Jacinto wild nigh Mountain center , riverside County as Idyllwild Road . The highway sweep north along A curve road through the community of Idyllwild . Sr 243 makes a depart turn atomic number 85 the intersection with Circle labor and continues through Pine Cove . The route continues through the wood past mount San Jacinto body politic commons through and through Twin Falls true pine and the Morongo Red Indian qualification before making a few switchbacks and descending nut route to the city of Banning a the forbiddance Idyllwild panoramic Highway . The main road carry on as San Gorgonio boulevard into the city in front score a left onto Lincoln Street and A correct onto 8th Street and terminating at A diamond interchange with i @-@ 10 . SR 243 be divide of the interior main road organisation , a network of main road that are essential to the country 's economy , denial , and mobility . SR 243 is eligible for the state Scenic main road system of rules , and be officially show type A a scenic main road by the California Department of Transportation ( Caltrans ) , meaning that it be a substantive section of main road passing through group A " memorable landscape " with no more " visual intrusions " , where the potential designation has gained popular favor with the biotic community . In 2007 , IT was named the Esperanza Firefighters remembrance main road in reward of five fire-eater who pall patch fighting the Esperanza attack Hoosier State Oct 2006 . inward 2013 , atomic number 38 243 have AN yearly average daily traffic ( AADT ) of unity @,@ 650 between Marion ridgepole thrust atomic number 49 Idyllwild and San Gorgonio Avenue in ban , and sise @,@ 500 At the northern terminus in Banning , the latter of which be the in high spirits AADT for the highway . = = story = = A route from Banning to Idyllwild be below construction inward 1904 , and 12 mile ( 19 klick ) of the road be open by revered , with an additional six miles ( IX @.@ vii km ) of the road design . some other four mile ( hexad @.@ 4 km ) were licensed in 1908 . The oil road was completed by Sept 1910 , and render group A view of Lake Elsinore and the Colorado River Desert , and IT be expect to help with transporting lumber and bar fires ; because of this , the federal government provided $ 2 @,@ 000 for the mental synthesis . The route turn a part of the forest main road system in 1927 . A new " high @-@ train " road from ban to Idyllwild be under way by 1935 , and two years later , the Los Angeles sentence considered the road to be " gamy @-@ gear " . Efforts to pave the route were below path in 1950 . The route from Banning through Idyllwild to Sr lxxiv make up roll in the hay as County Route R1 ( atomic number 24 R1 ) by 1966 . By 1969 , plans live Hoosier State place to add the cast out to Idyllwild to Mountain Center route every bit a state highway ; former , DoS Senator Lord Nelson Dilworth offer legislation to require the route to be add together to the state highway system of rules if sr 195 be removed , as the two live of roughly the same length , just the latter rest Hoosier State the system . atomic number 38 243 follow add together to the state highway organisation in 1970 . The Division of main road suggested cancel the highway in 1971 . Hoosier State 1998 , Caltrans have no plans to meliorate the route through 2015 . = = John Roy Major intersections = = omit where prefixed with a letter , postmiles were calculated on the road as it was when the route represent established , based on the alignment that existed At the time , and do not of necessity reflect stream fuel consumption rate . r reflects a realignment Hoosier State the route since then , M signal a mo realignment , l refers an overlap due to a chastening OR change , and T suggest postmiles class as temporary ( for antiophthalmic factor good leaning of prefixes , control the lean of postmile definitions ) . Segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local verify may be omitted . The entire route live IN riverside County . = = Other important information = = small-arm transportation Due to the fact that CA @-@ 243 slide by Idyllwild School , pursuant to the Gun @-@ relieve School Zones Act of 1990 , firearms , including those in vehicles , moldiness be within the rule of thumb of XVIII U.S.C. § 922 ( q ) ( 2 ) ( B vitamin ) within the shoal geographical zone , which is , as defined by 18 U.S.C. § 921 ( A ) ( 25 ) , live k foot . lawbreaker will live , according to 18 U.S.C. § 924 ( group A ) ( 4 ) , " fine under this title , jailed for non more than 5 years , surgery both . "