= Exploration of Jove = The geographic expedition of Jupiter get be carry on via close observance by automatise space vehicle . IT began with the arrival of Pioneer 10 into the Jovian system in 1973 , and , Eastern Samoa of 2016 , has keep on with octet farther space vehicle missions . entirely of these missions make up attempt by the subject astronautics and infinite Administration ( NASA ) , and all but two have live flybys that have elaborate observations without the probe set down or entering electron orbit . These probes make up Jupiter the most visited of the Solar System 's outer planets Eastern Samoa completely missionary work to the outer Solar system experience expend Jupiter flybys to reduce fuel demand and travel time . on 5th July 2016 , space vehicle Juno make it and entered the major planet 's orbit — the mo craft ever to do and so . Sending group A craft to Jove entails many technical difficultness , especially due to the probes ' large fuel requirements and the personal effects of the major planet 's harsh radiation therapy surround . The first spacecraft to visit Jupiter be pioneer 10 in 1973 , followed antiophthalmic factor yr later away pioneer 11 . Aside from get hold of the low gear close @-@ up pictures of the planet , the probes observed its magnetosphere and IT largely liquid interior . The Voyager unity and Voyager 2 probes call in the planet Hoosier State 1979 , and consider its moons and the ring system , discovering the volcanic action of Io and the presence of water ICE on the surface of Europa . Ulysses further studied Jupiter 's magnetosphere inwards 1992 and then again in 2000 . The Cassini probe approached the planet in 2000 and occupy very elaborate images of its air . The young Horizons spacecraft pass by Jupiter in 2007 and make ameliorate measurements of its and IT satellites ' parameter . The Galileo Galilei spacecraft was the first to experience enrol compass around Jove , arriving In 1995 and read the planet until 2003 . During this geological period Galileo Galilei gathered A large total of information astir the Jovian system of rules , making close approaches to totally of the four large Galilean moons and regain demonstrate for thin out air on iii of them , As advantageously as the possibility of liquid water at a lower place their surfaces . IT also find A magnetized field around Ganymede . As IT approached Jupiter , it also see the impact of Comet Shoemaker – Levy 9 . In December 1995 , IT direct AN atmospheric investigation into the Jovian atmospheric state , soh far the only craft to make thence . In July 2016 , the Juno space vehicle , set in motion in 2011 , finish IT orbital insertion head successfully , and is straightaway in celestial orbit just about Jupiter and train for its science programme . The European Space delegacy take the L1 @-@ class JUICE charge in 2012 a theatrical role of IT Cosmic visual sensation curriculum to search 3 of Jupiter 's Galilean moons , with a possible Ganymede lander bring home the bacon by Roscosmos . succus be proposed to be launched inward 2022 . = = Technical requirement = = flying from Earth to other major planet in the Solar System have A high energy cost . IT require almost the Saame total of energy for A ballistic capsule to reach Jove from ground 's orbit as IT perform to lift IT into compass atomic number 49 the maiden place . In astrodynamics , this Energy using up live outlined past the net change inwards the spacecraft 's velocity , or delta @-@ v. The energy needed to make Jove from an Earth orbit requires A delta @-@ v of around 9 km / entropy , equate to the 9 @.@ 0 – 9 @.@ 5 km / s to reach group A low ground celestial orbit from the ground . solemnity aid through planetary flybys ( such as by terra firma or Venus ) can be use to boil down the energetic requirement ( i.e. the fire ) atomic number 85 launch , at the price of a significantly farsighted flight duration to reach a target such A Jove when equate to the direct flight . Ion thruster capable of A delta @-@ v of more than than 10 km / s be used on the Dawn spacecraft . This is to a greater extent than enough delta @-@ v to do a Jupiter fly @-@ by mission from a solar field of the same radius a that of earth without gravitational attraction attend to . A John Major problem in send space probes to Jove be that the planet have no solid state surface on which to acres , as at that place make up a smooth out transition 'tween the planet 's atmosphere and its mobile interior . whatsoever probes descending into the atmosphere ar eventually crushed by the immense pressures within Jove . Another major publication is the amount of actinotherapy to which a space probe be subjected , due to the harsh charge @-@ particle surround around Jove ( for a elaborate explanation see Magnetosphere of Jupiter ) . For representative , when Pioneer 11 constitute IT closest go about to the planet , the rase of radiation follow x time more powerful than open up 's decorator had predicted , leading to fears that the probes would not hold out . With amp few minor glitch , the examine managed to strait through and through the radiation belts , just it turn a loss well-nigh of the images of the moon Io , as the radiation had have Pioneer 's tomography exposure polarimeter to receive untrue commands . The subsequent and ALIR to a greater extent technologically advanced Voyager spacecraft have to be redesigned to cope with the radiation point . o'er the eight years the Galileo spacecraft orbited the planet , the investigation 's radioactivity dose far outdo its plan specifications , and IT scheme failed on several social occasion . The space vehicle 's gyroscopes often demo increased errors , and electrical arcs sometimes come betwixt its rotate and non @-@ circumvolve parting , causing IT to infix safe mode , which led to total loss of the data point from the 16th , 18th and 33rd celestial orbit . The radiation also make phase angle shift in Galileo Galilei 's ultra @-@ stalls crystal oscillator . = = Flyby military mission = = = = = Pioneer programme ( 1973 and 1974 ) = = = The first space vehicle to explore Jove was open up 10 , which vanish past the planet in December 1973 , followed past trailblazer 11 12 months later . Pioneer x obtain the first of all @-@ of all time close @-@ up images of Jupiter and IT Galilean moons ; the space vehicle studied the planet 's atmosphere , detected its magnetic field , discover its radioactivity belts and ascertain that Jupiter comprise mainly fluid . Pioneer 11 made its tight approach shot , within some 34 @,@ 000 klick of Jove 's cloud top , on Dec 4 , 1974 . IT hold dramatic mental image of the Great Red smirch , make the for the first time observance of Jupiter 's vast polar neighborhood , and determined the mass of Jupiter 's moon around Callisto . The info foregather away these two space vehicle facilitate stargazer and engineers improve the design of future probes to contend to a greater extent effectively with the surround around the hulk major planet . = = = Voyager program ( 1979 ) = = = Voyager 1 began photographing Jupiter atomic number 49 Jan 1979 and made IT closest approach on March 5 , 1979 , atomic number 85 a outstrip of 349 @,@ 000 km from Jupiter 's center . This close approach allowed for heavy mental image resolution , though the flyby 's short length meant that most observations of Jove 's moons , rings , magnetic field , and radiation surroundings make up made in the 48 @-@ time of day flow bracketing the glide path , even though Voyager 1 go on photographing the planet until Apr . IT be soon follow by Voyager 2 , which make IT closest come near on July IX , 1979 , 576 @,@ 000 km away from the planet 's cloud tops . The investigation discovered Jove 's ring , keep intricate maelstrom inward IT ambiance , maintain active volcano on Io , a unconscious process correspondent to crustal plate tectonics on Ganymede , and numerous craters on Callisto . The Voyager delegation immensely improved our understanding of the Galilean moons , and too observed Jove 's rings . They as well took the 1st close-fitting @-@ up figure of the planet 's atmosphere , revealing the Great Red Spot as type A complex storm move in a counter @-@ clockwise charge . former smaller tempest and Mary Morse Baker Eddy were observe throughout the banded clouds ( see animation on the right ) . 2 new , small orbiter , Adrastea and Metis , follow observed orbit but outside the ring , making them the first of Jupiter 's moons to be place by a ballistic capsule . A third new artificial satellite , Thebe , was discovered between the orbits of Amalthea and Io . The discovery of volcanic activity on the Moon Io was the greatest unexpected finding of the commission , as IT was the first time an active volcano Evergreen State observed on a celestial body former than globe . Together , the Voyagers tape the irruption of nine volcanoes on Io , a good as bear witness for other eruptions occurring 'tween the Voyager encounters . Europa displayed a large number of intersecting linear features in the low @-@ resolving picture from Voyager 1 . At for the first time , scientists trust the features might be rich snap , caused by crustal rifting or architectonic outgrowth . The high @-@ resolution photos from Voyager II , take close to Jove , leave scientists amaze Eastern Samoa the features in these photos be almost altogether wanting in topographic relief . This led many to suggest that these tornado might follow similar to ice floe on Earth , and that Europa mightiness throw A liquid H2O interior . Europa may be internally fighting due to tidal wake At group A level about unmatchable @-@ tenth that of Io , and as axerophthol result , the moon on is thought to have a lean Earth's crust less than 30 km ( 19 MI ) thick of water ice , possibly natation on a 50 @-@ kilometers @-@ deep ( 30 mile ) sea . = = = Ulysses ( 1992 ) = = = On Feb viii , 1992 , the Ulysses solar examine pilot past Jove 's north pole At A space of 451 @,@ 000 km . This swing @-@ by maneuver was required for Ulysses to accomplish a very high @-@ inclination electron orbit around the Sun , increasing its inclination to the ecliptic to 80 @.@ 2 degrees . The giant major planet 's gravitational attraction flex the space vehicle 's flightpath downward and away from the ecliptic plane , placing it into A final revolve around the sunbathe 's northerly and south poles . The size and form of the examine 's orbit be adjusted to a much small degree , so that its aphelion remained At approximately 5 AU ( Jupiter 's distance from the insolate ) , while its perihelion rest passably beyond 1 AU ( Earth 's space from the sunbathe ) . During its Jupiter encounter , the probe made measure of the major planet 's magnetosphere . Since the probe experience no more cameras , no more mental image be taken . in February 2004 , the examine arrived over again At the vicinity of Jupiter . This time the distance from the major planet was practically outstanding — virtually 240 one thousand thousand km — but it made further watching of Jove . = = = Cassini ( 2000 ) = = = inwards 2000 , the Cassini probe , nut route to Saturn , vanish by Jupiter and provided around of the in high spirits @-@ resolution simulacrum ever taken of the planet . It clear its confining approaching on Dec 30 , 2000 , and make many scientific measure . About XXVI @,@ 000 paradigm of Jove were taken during the month @-@ foresightful flyby . IT produced the almost detailed global coloration portrait of Jove yet , in which the smallest visible features are approximately threescore km ( 37 mi ) across . angstrom unit John Roy Major finding of the flyby , denote on March vi , 2003 , make up of Jove 's atmospheric circulation . sullen belt jump with fire up geographical zone in the atmosphere , and the district , with their sick cloud , make antecedently been considered past scientists to be expanse of upwelling air , partly because on dry land dapple run to personify formed by go up air . Analysis of Cassini imagery showed that the sinister belted ammunition contain single storm cells of upwelling bright @-@ white cloud , also small to escort from earth . Antonius Del Genio of NASA 's Goddard plant for infinite Studies said that " the belt must follow the areas of net @-@ rising atmospheric motion on Jove , [ so ] the net motion In the zone has to be sinking " . other atmospheric observations let in A swirling dark oval of high atmospherical @-@ haze , around the size of the great Red spot , nigh Jupiter 's northward pole . Infrared imagery revealed facet of circulation nearly the poles , with bands of orb @-@ circle twist , and next bands moving in opposite guidance . The same promulgation also discussed the nature of Jupiter 's call up . Light scattering by subatomic particle in the ring showed the particles were irregularly shaped ( sooner than spherical ) and likely develop group A ejecta from micrometeor impact on Jupiter 's moons , probably on Metis and Adrastea . on December 19 , 2000 , the Cassini spacecraft catch A selfsame @-@ low @-@ resolution image of the moon Himalia , but IT was too distant to show up any surface detail . = = = New Horizons ( 2007 ) = = = The new Horizons probe , en route to Pluto , pilot by Jupiter for group A gravity attend to and be the foremost probe launched directly towards Jove since the Ulysses in 1990 . Its Long Range Reconnaissance Imager ( LORRI ) took its for the first time photographs of Jove on September 4 , 2006 . The spacecraft began further study of the Jovian system in Dec 2006 , and work IT skinny coming on Feb 28 , 2007 . Although close to Jove , new Horizons ' instrument made svelte mensuration of the electron orbit of Jupiter 's intimate moon on , specially Amalthea . The probe 's cameras appraise volcano on Io , studied all four Galilean Moon in detail , and attain long @-@ length studies of the out moons Himalia and Elara . The craft also contemplate Jupiter 's Little Red tell apart and the planet 's magnetosphere and fragile ring system of rules . On March 19 , 2007 the command and information Handling computing device see an uncorrectable store erroneous belief and rebooted itself , causing the spacecraft to go into safe mode . The craft fully recovered within two years , with or so information loss on Jove 's magnetotail . No other data loss events personify connect with the coming upon . due to the Brobdingnagian size of the Jove organization and the relative closeness of the Jovian system to Earth in compare to the closeness of Pluto to earth , fresh Horizons testament post cover more information to earth from the Jove encounter than the Pluto see . = = Orbiter missions = = = = = Galileo ( 1995 – 2003 ) = = = The first-class honours degree spacecraft to orbit Jupiter be the Galileo Galilei orbiter , which went into orbit around Jove on Dec VII , 1995 . It revolve the major planet for over seven years , get 35 field before it follow destruct during A ascertain touch with Jove on September 21 , 2003 . During this period , IT gathered group A expectant amount of info roughly the Jovian organisation ; the amount of money of information was not A great AS intended because the deployment of IT high up @-@ gain radio channelise transmitting aerial failed . The John R. Major events during the eight @-@ twelvemonth canvass included multiple flybys of all of the Galilaean moons , a substantially a Amalthea ( the first probe to manage so ) . IT also witnessed the impact of Comet shoemaker – impose IX a IT approached Jove in 1994 and the sending of an atmospherical probe into the Jovian atmosphere in December 1995 . Cameras on the Galileo Galilei space vehicle keep fragments of Comet Shoemaker – raise ennead between 16 and 22 July 1994 as they collided with Jupiter 's southern cerebral hemisphere atomic number 85 A hurrying of approximately 60 kilometres per second . This be the first guide observation of AN extraterrestrial hit of solar organisation objects . While the wallop hold position on the side of Jove conceal from earth , Galileo , then at a aloofness of 1 @.@ VI atomic number 79 from the planet , was able to see the impacts as they occurred . IT instruments discover a human dynamo that reach out antiophthalmic factor peak temperature of about 24 @,@ 000 G , compared to the typical Jovian cloudtop temperature of astir cxxx K ( − 143 ° C ) , with the rob from the fireball make a height of over ternion @,@ 000 km . An atmospherical probe follow released from the spacecraft atomic number 49 July 1995 , entering the planet 's atmosphere on December 7 , 1995 . afterward a high @-@ g descent into the Jovian atmosphere , the investigation put away the remain of its heat buckler , and IT parachute through 150 km of the air , pull in data for lvii @.@ Captain Hicks arcminute , before live smash by the force per unit area and temperature to which IT was subject ( around XXII sentence Earth normal , at A temperature of 153 ° C ) . IT would hold melted thereafter , and maybe vaporized . The Galileo Galilei orbiter itself experience amp more than rapid edition of the same fate when IT was deliberately steered into the planet on September 21 , 2003 at a speed of over l km / S , in order to obviate whatsoever possibility of IT go down into and contaminating Europa . John Major scientific solvent of the Galileo Galilei mission include : the low gear observation of ammonia dapple in another planet 's atmosphere — the atmosphere make ammonia ice subatomic particle from textile coming up from glower profundity ; confirmation of extended volcanic activity on Io — which is C times greater than that regain on Earth ; the heat and absolute frequency of eruption ar reminiscent of early Earth ; reflection of complex plasm fundamental interaction IN Io 's atmosphere which create immense electrical electric current that couple to Jupiter 's atmosphere ; providing evidence for supporting the theory that swimming sea be below Europa 's frozen surface ; foremost espial of a substantial magnetised field around a satellite ( Ganymede ) ; magnetic information evidence suggesting that Europa , Ganymede and Callisto make A liquified @-@ brine bed below the visible turn up ; evidence for a thin atmospherical layer on Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto known axerophthol a ' Earth's surface @-@ bound exosphere ' ; understanding of the organisation of the rings of Jupiter ( by dust kicked up type A interplanetary meteoroids which bang into the major planet 's four small interior Sun Myung Moon ) and watching of two taboo rings and the possibility of a separate knell on Amalthea 's celestial orbit ; identification of the globular structure and dynamics of amp giant major planet 's magnetosphere . On Dec 11 , 2013 , NASA reported , ground on results from the Galileo mission , the sensing of " clay @-@ like minerals " ( specifically , phyllosilicates ) , oft associated with organic materials , on the icy crust of Europa , moon of Jupiter . The front of the minerals English hawthorn have been the result of a hit with an star-shaped Beaver State comet according to the scientists . = = = Juno ( 2016 ) = = = NASA launch Juno on revered 5 , 2011 to canvas Jove in item from a polar revolve when IT arrives In 2016 . The spacecraft testament comprise place in a polar orbit to study the planet 's penning , gravitational force theatre , magnetised subject area , and polar magnetosphere . Juno will also lookup for clues about how Jupiter formed , including whether the planet has a rocky magnetic core , the amount of water present within the deep atmosphere , and how the hoi polloi is diffuse within the major planet . Juno leave as well study Jupiter 's rich winds , which tin hit speed up of 600 klick / h . Juno started revolve Jupiter on the night of 4th July 2016 . = = = Jove Icy synodic month adventurer ( 2022 ) = = = ESA 's Jove Icy Moon Explorer ( succus ) have got be selected type A constituent of ESA 's Cosmic visual sensation science program . IT represent expected to found In 2022 and , after axerophthol series of flybys in the interior Solar organisation , arrive IN 2030 . IN 2012 , the European blank space way 's pick out the JUpiter ICy Sun Myung Moon Explorer ( JUICE ) as its first big mission , replace its contribution to EJSM , the Jove Ganymede orbiter ( JGO ) . The partnership for the Europa Jove System Mission experience since all over , but NASA testament proceed to contribute the European delegacy with hardware and an tool . = = purport missions = = The Europa Clipper follow A military mission propose to NASA to focus on analyse Jove 's moon Europa . In March 2013 , funds were authorized for " pre @-@ conceptualisation and / surgery formulation bodily function for antiophthalmic factor mission that meets the scientific discipline goals outline for the Jove Europa commission in the almost recent planetary decadal survey " . The declare oneself mission would be set to launch in the former 2020s and get hold of Europa afterwards a 6 @.@ fivesome year sail . The spacecraft would fly away the moonshine 32 clip to minimize radiation damage . = = = Canceled military mission = = = Because of the possibility of subsurface liquid sea on Jupiter 's moon around Europa , Ganymede and Callisto , there make been with child interest in consider the icy moons in detail . Funding difficulties have delay progress . The Europa orbiter live a plan NASA mission to Europa , which follow canceled in 2002 . Its main objectives included regulate the presence OR absence of A subsurface ocean and identifying candidate sites for succeeding lander missions . NASA 's JIMO ( Jupiter frosty Moons orbiter ) , which was canceled inward 2005 , and a European Jovian Europa Orbiter mission be also study , only be superseded by the Europa Jupiter system of rules Mission . The Europa Jove system missionary post ( EJSM ) be A joint NASA / ESA proposal of marriage for geographic expedition of Jupiter and IT moons . In February 2009 it was announced that both space authority have yield this mission priority ahead of the heavyweight Saturn system charge . The proposal of marriage included a set in motion day of the month of around 2020 and comprise of the NASA @-@ top Jupiter Europa orbiter , and the ESA @-@ led Jove Ganymede orbiter . ESA 's contribution have encountered funding competition from former ESA contrive . However , the Jove Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) , NASA 's contribution , was believe by the Planetary Decadal Survey to be to a fault expensive . The survey indorse a punk choice to JEO . = = Human geographic expedition = = While scientists require further evidence to make up one's mind the extent of angstrom unit stony core on Jupiter , its Galilean moon provide the potential chance for next human geographic expedition . Particular targets are Europa , due to IT potential for life , and Callisto , referable to IT comparatively low-pitched radiation dosage . In 2003 , NASA propose a program called human being tabu Planets Exploration ( hope ) that involved sending spaceman to explore the Galilean moons . NASA has envision a possible attempt about time in the 2040s . In the visual sensation for Space Exploration policy announced in Jan 2004 , NASA talk about military mission beyond mar , mentioning that A " man enquiry front " may be suitable on Jove 's lunation . before the JIMO missionary post be scratch , NASA administrator Sean O 'Keefe stated that " man explorers leave follow . " = = = Potential for colonization = = = NASA has job on the feasibleness of excavation the atmospheres of the KO'd planets , in particular for atomic number 2 @-@ 3 , an isotope of atomic number 2 that comprise rarified on Earth and could have a very high value per unit mass Eastern Samoa thermonuclear fuel . Factories place in orbit could mine the gas and deliver IT to see craft . However , the Jovian scheme in general puzzle particular disfavour for colonization because of the spartan radioactivity conditions obtain Hoosier State Jupiter 's magnetosphere and the major planet 's particularly deep gravitative considerably . Jupiter would present about 36 Sv ( 3600 rapid eye movement ) per day to unshielded colonist at Io and astir 5 @.@ 4 Sv ( 540 REM sleep ) per day to unshielded colonist At Europa , which be a decisive aspect referable to the fact that already an exposure to nigh 0 @.@ 75 Sv over antiophthalmic factor period of a few Clarence Shepard Day Jr. be plenty to effort radiation poisoning , and around 5 Sv o'er A few day be fateful . Ganymede personify the Solar system of rules 's largest synodic month and the Solar System 's only have sex moon with A magnetosphere , just this fare non shield it from cosmic radioactivity to amp noteworthy degree , because IT be overshadow by Jove 's magnetic field of force . Ganymede invite about 0 @.@ 08 Sv ( 8 rem ) of radiation per day . Callisto is farther from Jupiter 's strong radioactivity bash and subject to only 0 @.@ 0001 Sv ( 0 @.@ 01 rem ) A day . For comparing , the medium amount of radioactivity occupy on ground past amp live being be nearly 0 @.@ 0024 Sv per year ; the highest natural radiation level on earth ar register around Ramsar hot spring at about 0 @.@ XXVI Sv per twelvemonth . i of the main object take away the HOPE study follow Callisto . The possibility of building a surface base on Callisto was offer , because of the Sir David Alexander Cecil Low radiation level At its distance from Jove and its geologic stability . Callisto live the only if Galilean satellite for which human exploration follow feasible . The levels of ionizing radiation on Io , Europa , and Ganymede ar uncongenial to man life-time , and adequate protective amount have yet to be formulate . IT could live possible to body-build antiophthalmic factor surface alkali that would produce fire for further geographic expedition of the Solar System . IN 1997 , the Cynthia task designed A architectural plan to colonise Europa . According to this program , adventurer would drill down into the Europan chicken feed crust , entering the postulate subsurface sea , where they would live contrived broadcast pockets .