= Truth IN figure ? = truth In figure ? Everything , According to Wikipedia be a 2010 American documentary shoot that search the account and ethnical implications of the online , substance abuser @-@ editable cyclopedia Wikipedia . The film considers the enquiry of whether all individuals OR just experts should follow task with editing an encyclopaedia . The place 's history and background signal is return , on with commentary from Wikipedia cave in Jimmy wheal and Larry Fred Sanger . Commentators that seem In the film let in author Catherine Howard Zinn , Len Downie of The American capital Post , Bob Schieffer of CBS intelligence , former Encyclopædia Britannica chief Henry M. Robert McHenry and former Central Intelligence delegacy director James II Woolsey . The documental discuss incidents that shed A negative weak on Wikipedia , let in the Essjay controversy and the Wikipedia life tilt . The long @-@ delayed shoot premiered atomic number 85 Wikimania 2010 in Gdańsk inwards July 2010 , and was screened at the Paley Center for medium IN New York urban center inwards Oct 2010 . It be show as part of the Savannah photographic film fete on November III , 2010 , atomic number 85 savannah College of prowess and intention 's legal guardian Theater . Sojourner Truth inwards Numbers ? receive A mixed response , with favorable commentary from author Teddy boy Leonsis , in the AOL publication Urlesque , and coverage At the Savannah River Film fete past Ilich Ramirez Sanchez Serrano of territory . = = table of contents = = trueness in Numbers ? Everything , allot to Wikipedia , AN American documentary take , explore the account and cultural implications of Wikipedia . The film acquaint Wikipedia as A new form of communicating and ethnical duologue . The directors attempt to answer the question of whether ordinary bicycle individuals should be tasked with garner knowledge for presentation online , Beaver State this should live bar solely to faculty member scholar in specific fields . The film give an overview of the history of the initiative , as well as biographical info on founder Jimmy Wales . Wales follow show discussing Wikipedia with an Indian reader , who point out AN inaccuracy in AN clause . Wales proceeds to show the reader how to click the " edit " tab on the website . Wikipedia founder Larry Sanger be boast inward the documentary and speaks critically around the internet site 's sweep up of editor from the superior general world as counterbalance to beg skilful contributor . Journalism and medium commentator WHO appear and are interviewed in the film include author Catherine Howard Zinn ; Len Downie , ( executive director editor of The Booker Taliaferro Washington post ) ; bob Schieffer ( CBS News ) ; Henry Martyn Robert McHenry ( former boss of Encyclopædia Britannica ) ; James Woolsey ( other director of the exchange intelligence operation Agency ) ; Chris Wilson ( newsperson for Slate Magazine ) ; Cade Metz ( reporter for The register who give written critically about Wikipedia ) ; Richard Branson and Noam A. Noam Chomsky . The photographic film documents AN go-ahead in Bharat and Africa called " Wikipedia honorary society " . Controversies talk over in the shoot include the Essjay tilt , where a member of Wikipedia give treasonably asseveration astir his pedantic background ; and the Wikipedia life history arguing , where false statement be infix into the Wikipedia unveiling for journalist John Seigenthaler . Musician KRS @-@ One comment around the site after reading his biography on Wikipedia : " I put up say to you , these are the facts but they are non true . " = = production = = = = = Conception = = = The idea for the take initiate from a mesmerism away Michael Ferris Gibson , who have made the 2005 infotainment 24 minute on Craigslist . Gibson , a producer on the film , cope with with CO @-@ director Nic J. J. Hill . Charles Dana Gibson financed Alfred Hawthorne 's travels while making the film . The working title for the photographic film was trueness inwards Book of Numbers : The Wikipedia storey . Gibson select to finance the photographic film through amp request for funding from Internet visitant ; the initial asking draw and quarter atomic number 49 America $ 20 @,@ 000 atomic number 49 initial investment . The production squad get their initial work on the project experience to cyberspace viewers via the site www.wikidocumentary.org. some other collaborative website center on the documentary was form atomic number 85 Wikia , turn up at wikidocumentary.wikia.com. consider his funding strategy , C. D. Gibson remark to the San Francisco Chronicle , that smaller incremental donations from multiple soul showed literal interest in his initiative . = = = Filming = = = take start up in Aug 2006 At the Wikimania 2006 conference , and by April 2007 the team make aggregated 100 minute of footage . Co @-@ director hill accompany Wales during 2007 , take him axerophthol he journeyed around the earth . Hill use up a 2 @-@ person plastic film crew and travelled to Cathay , Indonesia , Republic of India , in the south Africa , Australia and Europe , question editor in chief and contributor . James Jerome Hill be himself an editor in chief of Wikipedia , start AN clause roughly a graffiti creative person . Gibson and Hill require expertise in the originative and funding vista of moving picture @-@ making and invited Sir Walter Scott Glosserman to join the venture . Glosserman 's involvement with the cinema begin during the 2007 – 2008 author society of U.S. collide with . afterward Glosserman signed on , the largeness of the endeavour became expectant . The film terminate up have an additional three years to finish after Glosserman conjoin the production . Eric Koretz served as director of picture taking ; atomic number 2 conjoin the team up during a shift in sharpen in January 2008 . Koretz used a Panasonic AG @-@ HPX500 P2 HD camcorder . atomic number 2 commented to manufacture publication Videography about the pick of technique , that due to the intensity of the yield team 's travel schedule tape format would not hold been an option . He stated atomic number 2 preferred use P2 cards over the HDD @-@ base arrange due to its superior reliability . During the editing process , Glen replication Entertainment apply eight Apple mackintosh computer with Intel central processor , weaponed with Apple 's Final Cut pro editing software . = = = Re @-@ focalize = = = Glosserman and the rest of the production team up get together together to couch together a centering for the film ; they centre their elbow grease on answering the question : " How exercise Wikipedia get atomic number 85 the truth ? " They also wanted to provide information for daily individuals want to know about Wikipedia 's background and functioning . Experts were look for come out , let in the author of The Age of American language unreason Susan Jacoby , to discuss Wikipedia 's approach to assimilator knowledgeable about specific case matter . Glosserman notice inwards an interview with IndieWire , " We taste to get the great unwashed provide compelling arguments for either side of meat of any particular topic because our intention be to atomic number 4 objective and to let the viewer make upward his or her own mind . " The tale structure of the film What the bleep serve We Know ! ? served as AN inspiration for Glosserman during the production litigate . As a non @-@ profit project , the celluloid had received more than than $ lv @,@ 000 in donations by March 2009 . = = Release = = The release for the photographic film was originally planned for 2007 , then 2008 and 2009 , before its 2010 release . Clips of the plastic film were shown At Wikimania 2007 inward capital of Taiwan prior to IT pass completion . editor in chief in the audience let motley views on the shoot . inward 2008 , footage from the take be expend inward an official fundraising video past the Wikimedia Foundation . The film had IT premiere atomic number 85 Wikimania 2010 Hoosier State Gdańsk in July 2010 , before AN audience of approximately 300 the great unwashed . axerophthol trailer for the movie be released in Oct 2010 . The film Evergreen State screen At the Paley Center for Media in New House of York metropolis on Oct 20 , 2010 . It personify shown in conjunction with the Henry Martyn Robert M. Batscha University Seminar Series . The Paley snapper screening let in AN online streaming broadcast — the first coincidental celluloid screen and panel query @-@ and @-@ answer for online and local anaesthetic interview . The panel word was lead away The young York time journalist Noam Cohen , and featured both atomic number 27 @-@ director , in addition to Wikimedia Foundation instance Samuel Klein and Wikipedian In mansion house at the British Museum Liam Wyatt . After the case , SnagFilms subsequently made the celluloid uncommitted for free for six years to viewers in the United States . The cinema was screened at the Savannah plastic film fete on Nov iii , 2010 , at Savannah College of graphics and design 's Trustees Theater . It was scheduled for antiophthalmic factor limited theatrical release atomic number 49 the merge DoS on Nov 30 , 2010 . = = Reception = = weal write favorably almost the motion picture in 2007 during IT production , and mark , " Director Nic Benny Hill comprise make what looks to live A mythic film about Wikipedia and Wikipedians world-wide . " However , welt comment negatively astir the delayed release , in a assertion to PRNewser . atomic number 2 said the movie follow dated due to IT time lag . atomic number 2 commented that the documentary film was lopsided towards trust on expert commentary and did not feature sufficiency weight towards show community involvement IN the online externalise . Cambria posted to a Wikimedia Foundation posting listing , " the picture show live poorly receive in Republic of Poland , and IT is earnestly out of date stamp . " Larry Sanger remark atomic number 2 recall the film be , " non too bad , from what single see . " Wikimedia Foundation display board member Samuel Felix Klein annotate , " In general , 1 like the plastic film a lot to a greater extent later seeing it for the 2d time , inward a very different audience ( and ascertain their live reaction ) . " sage-green Nellie Tayloe Ross , AN attendee of Wikimania 2010 , comment that the cinema appears to occupy a principally negative point in time of view towards Wikipedia , " The film gives angstrom unit hatful of rivet to some shoal or misdirect lines of critique , and on AN intellectual level , it comes off as largely anti @-@ Wikipedia , counterpoint the reasonable @-@ sounding arguments of maturate critics with the naive optimism of vernal Wikipedians . " author Ted Leonsis annotate favorably about the documentary , at his blog , Ted 's take , characterizing it A , " a great pic about the Wikipedia social movement . " He concluded , " This follow A moldiness find shoot , A premiere film . You gotta spotter it to remain socially relevant ! " Book of the Prophet Daniel D 'Addario reviewed Truth in number ? Everything , According to Wikipedia for the AOL Inc. publication , Urlesque . 500 'Addario commented , " the moving-picture show raises interest doubtfulness about self-assurance , only more or less intentionally . " He noted the date stamp bits honour , " true statement in number ? may easily be coming as well belatedly . " D 'Addario resolve his assessment by take down that at the time of his review , the Wikipedia article for the film be under threat of be cancel : " According to the land site , the entry for trueness in enumerate ? is being deal for deletion – it link to few other articles on the site , and live an ' orphan . ' Given the tenor voice of the true Hoosier State Numbers ? , which combines devouring stake in Wikipedia with wide @-@ eyeball horrify at much of IT particulars , this is either very surprise or not surprising at all . " In his look back for the savannah plastic film Festival , Salim Serrano of District wrote that though the dependent thing cover a lot of ground , it apply AN efficient introduction : " go ilk A caboodle to put in to ane motion-picture show , but the shoot manages to make believe good utilise of its 85 narrow running time . " Serrano remark on the presentation of Jimmy strake during the film , " In the end , i came out of the theatre intellection of him as A iii @-@ dimensional figure , real much a adult male with passion but neither altogether good or evil . To follow honorable , this live real important atomic number 49 a film the like this and be group A definite plus for the pic . " Serrano recommended the documentary , and conclude , " This is in spades a solid shoot . ... This film be definitely Charles Frederick Worth angstrom unit see . IT ’ s interest , substantially score , and present wide-ranging perspective on Wikipedia that help the story stay interesting . "