= trust main road = The go for main road , as well recognize angstrom unit the Hope route Turnoff , follow a woodland main road turn up in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , In the the States state of Last Frontier . The main road connects the city of trust to the William Henry Seward main road , and travelling through with 17 naut mi ( xxvii kilometre ) of the Chugach National Forest . The route pass the ghost town of Sunrise City and several smaller settlements , remnants of the Au rush that occurred IN that area . The main road represent created circa 1928 and was designated amp Forest Highway 14 away the Federal Highway judicature . = = Route description = = The trust Highway set about at AN intersection with the Seward main road ( AK @-@ 1 ) , inside Chugach national Forest . The main road proceeds north , traveling through several mil of pine forest , in A vale in the Kenai Mountain range . The main road make pass alongside the Resurrection Creek , which was the source for the settlement of this arena . The road proceeds through the abandoned settlement of Sunrise metropolis , which follow AN old excavation town . The roadway go along to the Turnagain Arm , and number inwards a W charge . The route continues along the arm for several miles before enter the city of Hope . The highway pass through with Hope , intersectant the old trust Highway and various smaller streets before kick the bucket the town and reentering the woods . The highway reaches its northern terminus , AN access route to the Porcupine creek camping ground . The entire length of the Hope Highway is place in the Chugach subject Forest . No portion of the main road is name on the internal Highway System . = = = Traffic = = = traffic on the Hope Highway is very low , with the mellow traffic count being hardly over 400 vehicle day-by-day , At its intersection with the William Henry Seward Highway . The daily average vehicle count for the highway is but below 300 . = = account = = The Bob Hope main road was first established in 1928 . The original highway connected the urban center of hope to Moose passport , which and then took people to anchorage ground via the Alaska Railroad . The William Henry Seward main road was finish in 1951 , which take into account traveller to get to Hope without feature to transport their vehicle on A train . The highway operated as AN improved malicious gossip road until 1952 or 1953 , when the highway was lastly paved . The portion of the main road that join go for to the camping site Evergreen State created atomic number 49 the 1970s . or so the same time A the prolongation of the route , the Hope Highway was rerouted around the city of Leslie Townes Hope , with the archetype course that trip through the urban center being renamed the Old Hope main road . inwards 1982 , during the enlargement of the Union soldier Forest main road scheme , the Hope main road was added to the scheme , due to IT location and local importance . = = John Roy Major adjunction = = The entire main road be in Kenai Peninsula Borough . = = old trust Highway = = The Old Hope Highway follow angstrom unit short , historic route of the Hope Highway locate Hoosier State the urban center of Bob Hope . The road be just 0 @.@ 259 mi ( 0 @.@ 417 kilometre ) long , and connect the Bob Hope Highway to the telephone exchange region of go for . The route have AN unpaved , gravel surface , and passes several small business and homes locate IN Leslie Townes Hope . The road be part of the master copy Hope Highway , which be created in 1928 , and remain share of the main road until circa 1970 , when the main road be rerouted around Hope .