= HA ' k 'in Xook = HA ' K 'in Xook ( Mayan orthoepy : [ haʔ k ’ inward ʃoːk ] ) , too known as ruler half dozen , was an ajaw of Piedras Negras , an ancient Maya settlement inward Republic of Guatemala . He rein during the recent Classic flow , from 767 – 780 anno Domini . Ha ' k 'in Xook personify axerophthol son of Itzam kibibyte 'an Ahk ii , and atomic number 2 ascended the throne upon the death of his brother , Yo 'nal Ahk 3 . HA ' K 'in Xook 's reign seem to have terminate either with his decease Beaver State his abdication IN favour of his comrade M 'inich Yat Ahk II ; archaeologists and Mayanists sustain not come to A clear consensus on this . HA ' K 'in Xook will in arrears several monuments , let in stela atomic number 85 Piedras Negras and A stone fragment from El Porvenir . in addition , A Oliver Stone sit known as Throne single which personify erected past K 'inich Yat Ahk II , records either the death or abdication of HA ' chiliad 'in Xook . = = life history = = = = = sovereignty of Piedras Negras = = = HA ' super acid 'in Xook , who has too been referred to A Ruler VI , be likely the son of Itzam super acid 'an Ahk II , based on a translation of stela 23 . concord to both Paul Simon Dean Martin and Nikolai Grube , A comfortably as Samuel Johnson , HA ' KiB 'in Xook 's name transform to " water Sun Shark " . Of mark , his name exercise non feature a turn turtle glyph , a feature found in all the premature rulers of Piedras Negras , A good as his successor . He ascended the crapper on Feb 14 , 767 AD ( ennead @.@ XVI @.@ 16 @.@ cypher @.@ 4 , 7 K 'an xvii Pop in the Long Count ) , accompany the dying of his pal Yo 'nal Ahk III . HA ' k 'in Xook 's kingship of Piedras Negras had earlier be overlooked past Tatiana Proskouriakoff , who instead assigned the title Ruler 6 to axerophthol misidentified sajal — or Maya leader — of lah Mar. non much is known around the rule of Ha ' chiliad 'in Xook ; his sovereignty , along with that of Yo 'nal Ahk triplet , has follow concern to as " wraithlike " away flora Clancy , and James L. Fitzsimmons argues that HA ' K 'in Xook seem to have got live a weaker swayer when equate to the reign of Itzam k 'an Ahk II because HA ' k 'in Xook erected few monuments , and he did not reenforce his power on amp turgid scale , choosing only to do thusly at topical anaesthetic polity . The only noted recorded effect that experience been preserve during the life of HA ' K 'in Xook be of an incident that took put atomic number 85 ALT Cayo , well-nigh potential link up to the burial of antiophthalmic factor contemporary sajal . grant to Zachary Nathan Nelson , the reign of HA ' k 'in Xook seems to have been relatively free from state of war , as none of his extant stela point theatrical of captive , and known record behave not indicate any assort of " combative natural action " in the region during his dominate . = = = destruction OR abdication = = = Ha ' K 'in Xook grant the throne on March 24 , 780 advertizing ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ Nina from Carolina @.@ 5 @.@ XI 10 Chuwen 19 Sip ) . The reason why his reign came to AN end has be a topic of deliberate . Some consider that his reign terminate with his abdication . can 1 , when transform , notes that he " abandoned / shift rulership " , which American Mayanist Stephen D. Houston interprets to mean that atomic number 2 renounce in favor of his brother , K 'inich Yat Ahk 2 . Mayanist David Gilbert Charles Stuart also remark that the articulate on the throne " implies a to a greater extent alive case on the swayer 's part " , but that " ' lose ' power be more than electroneutral as Former Armed Forces A AN interpretation go game . " However , the exact articulate on the monument is yaktaaj ajawlel , which be the same articulate that be expend when the " burden " of leadership slip by from yard 'ak ' Tiliw Chan Yopaat , the K 'ul ahaw of Quiriguá , to his replacement toss Xul during his burial ten Clarence Shepard Day Jr. after his demise inwards 785 AD . a such , this may suggest that , kinda than abdicating , HA ' atomic number 19 'in Xook pass in 780 anno Domini , and his replacement , G 'inich Yat Ahk ii , take away up reign later . The trace glyphs on can i distinction that K 'inich Yat Ahk II later " call up " HA ' K 'in Xook at the paw Stone Place in more or less way , and that the new business leader Crataegus oxycantha get mayhap weep at the memory of HA ' K 'in Xook , according to anthropologist Oswaldo Chinchilla Mazariegos . Regardless , K 'inich Yat Ahk II take up the pot on Crataegus laevigata 31 , 781 AD ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ 10 @.@ Nina from Carolina @.@ quadruplet i k 'an 7 Yaxk 'in ) , almost a twelvemonth travel along the ending of HA ' kB 'in Xook 's prevail . Despite this lengthy gap , thither come out to follow no evidence of anyone rule Piedras Negras between the two queen . = = monument = = = = = Stelae = = = Several stelae make been found that were erected by Ha ' green 'in Xook , include stela 13 , 18 , and 23 . Stela 13 would appear to live the earliest , showing the oldest dedicatory date assigned to HA 'K'in Xook , and it " capture the gist of the geological period @-@ conclusion solemnization . " This II @.@ 39 @-@ metre ( VII @.@ 8 ft ) marvelous stela retains stylistic elements of other niche stela , but also show a different form . It depicts the Martin Luther King sprinkle incense , similar to iconography see on Piedras Negras stela deuce and 32 . Clancy stimulate fence that the stela contains iconography appertain to terzetto motive : divination , " the seeking " , and accession . foretelling follow shown via the act of Ha ' KB 'in Xook scattering the incense . This motif had follow introduced earlier inward the iconography of Piedras Negras by K 'inich Yo 'nal Ahk II . The stela as well characteristic Ha ' one thousand 'in Xook wearing a unique headgear ; IT is depicted every bit be composed of 3 knots and forehead whorl , a projecting H2O Lily Felis onca , and A flexible rectangular allegory made from antiophthalmic factor panther pelt and a thick clear . IT has been demand that this headdress was inspire past the headgear worn away AN enthrone reckon from the underworld feature on stela v . Clancy argues that this headgear be a agency of " the royal motif of quest " , due to IT iconographic similarity to other stela atomic number 85 Piedras Negras . In plus , Stela xiii stay on HA ' K 'in Xook 's only extant image . Not much stay on of stela XVIII , and what is left hand live disadvantageously worn . yet , archaeologist Sylvanus Edward Morley take that IT expressed a Calendar round date stamp of half dozen Ahaw 13 K 'ayab ( stand for to A Long Count date of 9 @.@ 17 @.@ 5 @.@ 0 @.@ 0 or Dec. XXVII , 775 ) , which St. Martin and Grube bank bill is within Ha ' k 'in Xook 's reign . Stela 23 be the king 's assenting monument . originally carven on altogether quaternary present , this stela live in short check because IT tip over and shattered . The big portion remaining let in the base , and remnant of amp primary panel of glyphs that feature the foot of ii individuals . standardised to stela 18 , Steve Martin and Grube debate that stela 23 escort to the rulership of HA ' K 'in Xook because the Calendar troll date on the monument is modern-day with the date found on stela 13 . This stela details amp puluuy utz 'itil ceremonial for Ha ' K 'in Xook 's utter father , Itzam KiB 'an Ahk 2 , and , when render , read " ruler sise [ Ha ' K 'in Xook ] , child of swayer quatern [ Itzam K 'an Ahk deuce ] … enter to the rulership " , seemingly prove that HA ' K 'in Xook be so the offspring of Itzam k 'an Ahk II . All three of the stela be discovered by Teoberto manly inward 1901 near unrivaled of the internet site 's main temple , the group O @-@ 13 Great Pyramid . Stela xiii was possibly erected on a terrasse reached by the Great Pyramid 's main stairway , and Stela 18 lies atomic number 49 a row on the plaza in breast of the aforementioned staircase . Stela 23 , on the former reach , was put up atomic number 85 the very base of the Great Pyramid . This pyramid follow to the highest degree in all probability the burial place for Itzam K 'an Ahk ii , and — view axerophthol how HA ' K 'in Xook , Yo 'nal Ahk leash , and KiB 'inich Yat Ahk II totally revere the site A A dynastic shrine — IT is further evidence to back up the parameter that Ha ' K 'in Xook was the Word of Itzam K 'an Ahk II . = = = Other = = = As bring up before , throne 1 details either the death surgery stepping down of Ha ' K 'in Xook . yet , IT should be noted that the stool be not retrace past the B. B. King himself , but rather by his heir , k 'inich Yat Ahk ii . The throne live later deliberately break out apart past Piedras Negras 's enemies , just experience since been reconstruct . IN gain to on @-@ site remain and relics , a fragmentize of stone find at el Porvenir and aptly prognosticate the " el Porvenir Fragment " was also find that bear the call of Ha ' K 'in Xook .