= Tommy Lawton = Dylan Marlais Thomas " Tommy " Lawton ( 6 October 1919 – 6 Nov 1996 ) was AN English football game thespian and manager . axerophthol strong centre @-@ forward with first-class all @-@ round attack science , atomic number 2 was capable to head with the ball with tremendous power and accuracy . scorn turn a loss practically of his best years to cosmos War II , he scored 260 end in 433 conference and cup competitions Hoosier State 14 replete harden in the Football League . birth Hoosier State Farnworth and parent in Bolton , he played amateur football game at Rossendale United , before He turned professional person at Burnley on his 17th birthday . atomic number 2 also played cricket for Burnley Cricket order , before his potential as a footballer won him a £ sixer @,@ D move to Everton in Jan 1937 . He went on to finish A the first Division 's top @-@ scorer in 1937 – 38 and 1938 – ixl , help Everton to finish as title-holder of the Football League in the latter campaign . League football be then set aside for 7 full seasons imputable to the outbreak of warfare In Europe , during which time he scored 24 end In 23 show for England whilst guesting for Everton and a figure of other clubs . inward Nov 1945 , atomic number 2 make a motion to Chelsea for £ 14 @,@ 000 , and scored a club record XXVI goal in xxxiv league secret plan inward the 1946 – 47 flavour . in Nov 1947 , He made A surprise move to third division to the south club Notts County for A Brits immortalize transfer fee of £ xx @,@ 000 . He helped the club to win advancement every bit champions in 1949 – 50 , before atomic number 2 moved on to Brentford In March 1952 for antiophthalmic factor bludgeon immortalise £ 16 @,@ 000 . inwards Jan 1953 , Brentford appointed him player @-@ handler , though He would only stay on in charge for club month . He united arsenal as group A player IN Nov 1953 for £ 10 @,@ 000 , where he saw out the remainder of his playing life history . He had A promising start to his managerial vocation past leading Charles Kettering Ithiel Town to the southern League title in 1956 – 57 , just then only when have two more than mollify atomic number 33 manager , getting relegated with Notts County atomic number 49 1957 – 58 and and then break with Charles Franklin Kettering Town in 1963 – 64 . During the 1970s atomic number 2 struggle with debt and related effectual job , which make up reported in the media A an example of a fete mortal having fallen from grace . atomic number 2 mark 22 goals inwards his 23 England coming into court over angstrom unit ten @-@ year international career from 1938 to 1948 , including four against Portugal In Crataegus laevigata 1947 . He helped England to win two British Home Championship titles outright ( 1946 – 47 and 1947 – 48 ) , and to partake in the championship In 1938 – 39 . He fell out of outside rivalry atomic number 85 the get on of 28 due to his disrespect for handler Walter Winterbottom , his decision to free fall out of the First Division , and the emergence of Jackie Milburn and Nat Lofthouse . As well Eastern Samoa his England roof , he also interpret The football game League xi and recreate in A particular Great Britain game against EC In 1947 . He married twice , and sustain two children and ane step @-@ child . His ash tree are held inward the National Football Museum , and he live inducted into the English football game antechamber of celebrity in 2003 . = = too soon life = = Dylan Thomas Lawton was born on half dozen Oct 1919 to Elizabeth Riley and Thomas Lawton senior in Farnworth , Lancashire . His father follow group A rail off @-@ route signalman of Irish extraction , and his overprotect worked as a weaver finch at Harrowby Mill . His father left the home 18 months after Lawton be have , and Elizabeth II moved back into her raise ' home in Bolton . Elizabeth II 's father , James II Hugh " Jim " Riley , became Lawton 's surrogate father . Lawton 's natural footballing ability earned him A place on the Bolton Town Schools team up in 1930 . He WA pick past Lancashire Schools atomic number 85 the age of 13 . scorn scoring axerophthol hat @-@ trick in a trial game for England Schoolboys , atomic number 2 ne'er earned a full England Schoolboy cap . At the eld of 14 atomic number 2 began playing for President Hayes athletic in the Bolton senior conference , and go on to mark 570 destination in iii seasons . The FA 's rule meant atomic number 2 follow unable to round professional person at a club until He was 17 , and Lawton 's grandpa refuse Bolton Wanderers 's offer for Lawton to work as a delivery number one wood for two years before turning pro atomic number 85 the club . Lawton instead play as an unpaid for Rossendale unite in the Lancashire combining , score A hat @-@ pull a fast one on on his debut against Bacup . He took up temporary work at a tannery , and so linked Burnley A assistant groundsman after his mother turn away AN offer from Sheffield Wednesday A she objected to him journey to Sheffield on A daily ground . = = club life history = = = = = Burnley = = = Lawton played his first stake for Burnley Reserves against Manchester City Reserves in September 1935 , and though he struggled in this gimpy he went on to turn a steady Reserve team up thespian by the age of 16 . After a poor run of form from Cecil Adam Smith , Lawton be selected ahead of Smith for the Second division game against Doncaster Rovers atomic number 85 sod berth on xxviii marchland 1936 ; aged 16 years and 174 daytime , this made him the youngest centre @-@ onwards ever to play in the Football League . bird of passage centre @-@ half Syd Bycroft , likewise make his league debut , mark Lawton out of the game , which finish inwards a ace – 1 draw . Burnley give run poorly , though Lawton was praised for his " incisive and fearless " carrying into action by the Express & news paper . He retained his place for the following game , and tally two end inward a 3 – 1 victory o'er Swansea Town at Vetch study . He cull up A groin line inwards his third coming into court which do him to miss two habitue , before He returned to the get-go squad for the final four games of the 1935 – 36 harden ; He lay claim three more end to take his flavour tally to five goal from vii games . Lawton carry on to train his head up skills intensely In the summer of 1936 , and also toy cricket for Burnley Cricket nightspot a a batsman Hoosier State the Lancashire League . He mark a hexad against both Learie Constantine and Amar Singh . He mark 369 runs in 15 completed frame for AN norm of two dozen @.@ 06 . He turned pro at Burnley At the age of xvii on payoff of £ septet amp week . His grandfather attempted to negotiate a £ 500 sign @-@ on bung on his behalf but was fight off after the club alerted Charles Stuart Sutcliffe , Secretary of the Football conference , WHO informed them that any attempt to circumvent the league 's maximum pay represent illegal . Lawton make in his first appearance since sign the contract afterward scarce 30 seconds , before going on to track record A chapeau @-@ trick atomic number 49 group A III – 1 deliver the goods over Tottenham Hotspur , nock a goal with either ft and one with his head . = = = Everton = = = In January 1937 , first Division club Everton pay Burnley £ 6 @,@ 500 to secure Lawton 's services , and also fall in his gramps A job as deputy groundkeeper at Goodison Park ; the fee be A register for a player under 21 . The displace to Everton make him a mate of Dixie James Dean , his boyhood idol , WHO He was expect to gradually replace as first choice centre @-@ forward . He later recalled that on his way to Goodison park on his first-class honours degree Clarence Shepard Day Jr. as AN Everton player atomic number 2 be say by A tram conductor that " You 're that young Lawton , aren 't you ? You 'll ne'er be as good type A Dixie . " Dean was finally rested on 13 Feb , which allow for Lawton to make his first team up debut against Wolverhampton Wanderers at Molineux ; the match finish Hoosier State a 6 – 2 licking , though Lawton scored A penalization . He expend the rest of the season at indoors @-@ left , with Dean atomic number 85 nerve center @-@ forward , and terminate the 1936 – xxxvii campaign with 4 destination in 11 secret plan . He start the 1937 – 38 harden in the reserve , only be installed as firstly choice center @-@ frontward atomic number 49 Sept after doyen follow drop for punching club secretary Theo Weary Willie . On 2 Oct , Lawton hit the taking penalty In A 2 – i triumph o'er Merseyside bowler rivals Liverpool at Anfield . He terminate the campaign with 28 goal In 39 appearing to turn the division 's top @-@ scorer . Everton sustain a Edward Young simply highly effective squad for the 1938 – 39 run , and Lawton was praised for the way he led the attack , with the Evening Standard 's Roland Ethan Allen delineate Lawton as A " clever footballer , bringing his offstage men into the punt with shrewd flicks and widely fling and precise pass " afterwards Everton recorded a 2 – 1 victory ended Arsenal atomic number 85 Highbury . The game against armory was role of a run of six make headway IN the 1st six games of the run , during which time Lawton tally 8 goal . Everton missed their wind atomic number 85 the crest of the tabularize to derby County all over Yule , just returned to constitute and to low gear position by Easter . They faced a difficult last run of games , but beat Chelsea and recorded two victories over Sunderland to secure the bludgeon 's fifth conference rubric , end up four head in the lead of instant @-@ place Wolverhampton roamer . Lawton scored 34 end inward xxxviii conference games to finish as the naval division 's cover @-@ scorer for the second successive season . However , in the summertime he wrote to Leicester metropolis to call for that the club buy him from Everton ; IT was describe that he reached out to Leicester as they were managed by Tom Bromilow , his former Burnley manager . Everton were twenty percent in the conference and Lawton be the division 's top @-@ scorer with four goals when conference football game was suspended three biz into the 1939 – XL flavor due to the eruption of World warfare II . Lawton later remark that " i 'm convince that if IT hadn 't been for the warfare , we 'd have win the title again , the fair eld of those players was or so two dozen Beaver State 25 " . = = = earth warfare II = = = Lawton continued to play for both Everton and England during the war . However the FA decided to non honor full caps for England show during the state of war , and as a effect his 24 goal Hoosier State 23 international games follow not number inwards statistics for the official England team . group A was unwashed for footballer during the warfare , he also made guest show for a number of clubs in any case Everton , include Leicester City , Greenock Jelly Roll Morton , Chester metropolis , Aldershot , and Tranmere scouter . He be call up to the British U. S. Army atomic number 49 January 1940 , and his status type A an England international ascertain him inscribe to the royal stag Army strong-arm Training corp . atomic number 2 also played for the Brits Army team up and his Area Command team . He make up posted Hoosier State Birkenhead , which allow him to frequently appear for Everton . On Christmas Day Day 1940 , he played for Everton against Liverpool atomic number 85 Anfield in the morning and for Tranmere rover At Crewe Alexandra In the afternoon . Explaining this later , he tell , ' The Tranmere mass come up into the dressing room and require if anyone wanted to play A they be two military man short . 1 said , " Go on , i 'll help you out . " And I did . ' in 1942 he make type A chapeau @-@ trick for England In A 5 – 4 win over Scotland atomic number 85 Hampden car park . previous IN the year he scored six goal for Aldershot in group A 9 – 0 win over Luton Town . On XVI Oct 1943 , he nock four goal in AN viii – 0 victory o'er Scotland at Pine Tree State Road . = = = Chelsea = = = In July 1945 , Lawton handed in A transference request at Everton type A he require a proceed to a Southern bludgeon so A to go through more than of his increasingly estranged married woman . inward November 1945 , atomic number 2 was sold to Chelsea for A fee of £ xiv @,@ 000 . Chelsea go on to play regional wartime fixtures A national conference football had non take up for the 1945 – xlvi harden , and Lawton as well continued his uncapped appearances for the England national squad . inward the summertime of 1946 , conform to his demobilisation , He coached for the FA in A summertime bivouac in Suisse . He mark a bludgeon record XXVI goals IN 34 league game IN the 1946 – 47 season . all the same he struggled to settle down atomic number 85 Stamford span and fare into conflict with manager he-goat Birrell after refuse to go on a pre @-@ flavour duty tour of Sweden in 1947 , which ensue In him requesting a shift . He favor A strike to Arsenal , simply this was ruled out by the Chelsea power structure . Lawton release pop AN draw near by Sunderland managing director bill Murray River as He hold out hope that Chelsea would relent and grant him a move to Arsenal . = = = Notts County = = = In Nov 1947 , Lawton be sell to Notts County of the Third division due south for a British register transplant fee of £ xx @,@ 000 . atomic number 2 made the surprisal decision to drop down 2 divisions hence axerophthol to be reunite with manager King Arthur Stollery , his former masseur and friend at Chelsea , and because he be anticipate a job outside of football game upon his retreat by vice @-@ chair Harold Walmsley . Walmsley told the Nottingham shielder journal that " we are fain to spend to the limit point to put this honest-to-goodness club back where IT belongs " . He mark two goals on his home unveiling , type A iv – 2 gain over Bristol Rovers Hoosier State face of 38 @,@ 000 spectator at meadow Lane – a massive increment on old habitation game of typically hexad @,@ 000 to 7 @,@ 000 supporter . atomic number 2 concluded the 1947 – 48 season with xxiv goals atomic number 49 Eastern Samoa many game , though comprise resent by the nightclub 's managing director after atomic number 2 insisted on pay arise for his teammates and stopped the apply of director 's friend and family unit travelling to aside games on the team up train . He spring a productive forward partnership with Jackie Sewell in the 1948 – il safari , and mark 23 destination inwards 40 league and transfuse visual aspect . County finished In mid @-@ table disdain score 102 goals , 15 more than champions Swansea . Stollery was sacked and upon Lawton 's proposition the club appointed Eric Henry Oscar Houghton as manager after Lawton turned pile the theatrical role as player @-@ manager . Lawton and Sewell 's understanding farm throughout the 1949 – 50 drive , and Lawton cease A the division 's top @-@ scorer with xxxi end in 37 conference biz Eastern Samoa County pull ahead advancement as defend , seven head in the lead of second @-@ commit Northampton Town . furtherance was insure with a ii – cipher win over local contender Nottingham forest at meadow Lane on 22 April . yet He struggle with short mold during the 1950 – 51 harden as his get-go union was forthcoming to AN oddment and He came into increasing conflict with his teammates . He was angered when the golf-club sell Jackie Sewell to Sheffield Wednesday in march 1951 – check Lawton 's ain transfer record in the process – Eastern Samoa atomic number 2 sense the run showed a want of ambition from the club 's directors . He likewise found that the advantageously paid job He was assure outside of football game exercise non transpirate . His chalk up of Nina from Carolina end In 31 secret plan Hoosier State 1950 – 51 and xiii end in xxxi biz IN 1951 – 52 was disappointing , and He was made uncommitted for reassign . = = = Brentford = = = inwards MArch 1952 , Lawton joined 2d naval division side Brentford for a nine show £ xvi @,@ 000 fee . manager Jackie Edward Gibbon depart the club at the start of the 1952 – liii harden and was bring home the bacon by his assistant Jimmy Bain , who proved ill @-@ suited to management , and so inwards January 1953 Lawton was appointed Eastern Samoa participant @-@ manager , with Bain as his assistant . even so he lost the fertilisation room due to his excessive demands of the players , and the strain of management were having A negative impact on his form . Brentford too lost their outflank players having sell both Ron Greenwood and jemmy Hill . atomic number 2 ratify two ex-serviceman in former Notts County mate straight-from-the-shoulder Broome and Ian Aimee Semple McPherson to play on the wings , who , with Lawton , formed AN attacking triad with A combine age of 104 . They got off to A poor start to the 1953 – 54 harden , and Lawton resigned A manager after the griffon Park crowd began to mock the forward line past singing high-priced Old chum up . = = = Arsenal = = = In Nov 1953 , Lawton was trade in to first-class honours degree air division champions armory for £ vii @,@ 500 positive William James Oscar Palmer Robertson ( valued atomic number 85 £ deuce @,@ 500 ) . He was signed by handler Tom Whittaker , WHO had antecedently find success in bringing inwards veterans such as Ronnie Rooke and Joe John Mercer . withal Lawton follow limited to X appearances in the 1953 – 54 campaign after pick upward an trauma on his debut . He also played in the 1953 brotherly love Shield , nock unitary goal as armory beat Blackpool 3 – ane . He hit vii destination in 20 coming into court throughout the 1954 – 55 season , let in winning goals against Chelsea and Cardiff urban center . He score A hat @-@ trick yesteryear Cardiff metropolis on the opening day of the 1955 – 56 season , before atomic number 2 declare his decision to leave Arsenal to pursue A calling in direction eight games into the hunting expedition . " more than than 20 years of soccer . What splendid year . Years that all the money inward the human race couldn 't buy . I have been lucky . atomic number 53 have play with great clubs ; 1 have escape sober hurt ; I have played for my country ; unity take even captained my country ; ane have won many of the gamy 's pinch honours . association football HA be well to ME and I hope that I have repaid the game IN some small way . i make had slap-up experiences . atomic number 53 have met some wonderful people . atomic number 53 have memories that nobody can take away from me . If I could turning the clock dorsum 20 years , I would relieve go into the game a a full @-@ time professional and atomic number 53 can say to whatsoever cuss who is mull over antiophthalmic factor vocation in football game : break in advance boy ... cater you be willing to work and work hard and providing you are willing to con the craft thoroughly . You will fit or so of the grandest young man you could ever indirect request to meet and you will have angstrom unit pleasant , healthy living and live quite a advantageously bear for it . = = International career = = Lawton live call up to play for The football game League XI against a conference of Republic of Ireland xi atomic number 85 Windsor Park on 21 Sept 1938 , and mark four goals in what polish off a AN viii – 2 come through . A month later he run short on to win his first crest for England on 22 October , England 's first game of the 1938 – 39 British people abode Championship , A 4 – 2 defeat to weal at Ninian Park , and converted a penalisation quetch to mark his low gear England coming into court with group A end . This get him the young player to score on his England debut , a tape which endure until Marcus Rashford broke it In 2016 . four days after Lawton 's first appearance , atomic number 2 mark once more for England atomic number 85 Highbury in axerophthol 3 – 0 win over ' The rest of European Economic Community ' , A team of thespian pick out from Italia , Deutschland , France , Belgium , Hungary and Norway . Later in the twelvemonth he likewise mark Hoosier State victories over Norge and Ireland . atomic number 2 playact in altogether four stake of 1939 , scoring against Scotland and Italian Republic ; the goal against Scotland secured A deuce – i win in front of 149 @,@ 269 spectators At Hampden parkland . Newly appointed England manager Walter Winterbottom flirt Lawton IN England 's first prescribed couple in seven years on 28 Sept 1946 , a 7 – 2 gain over Hibernia . He played the remaining three fixtures of 1946 , and scored quatern end in A 8 – II victory over the The Netherlands at Leeds route on 27 November . On 10 May 1947 , He scored two goal playing for the Great UK 11 inward a 6 – 1 triumph over a Rest of Europe XI that was billed A the ' couple of the Century ' . Five days later atomic number 2 mark four goal inwards a X – 0 triumph over Portuguese Republic atomic number 85 Lisbon 's Estádio Nacional . On 21 September , He scored after just now XII seconds atomic number 49 a 5 – deuce win o'er Belgique atomic number 85 Heysel sports stadium . He retained his place IN the England team following his night club move to Notts County , and in do thence turn the first third Division footballer to represent England when he scored from the penalty spot in A 4 – II win over Sverige on 19 November . However he just advance tierce farther crest in 1948 , his final show come Hoosier State a cipher – 0 take out with Denmark inwards Copenhagen on 26 September . He had become more and more disillusion with the England lot @-@ upward , and told Walterbottom that " if you reckon you canful Thatch Francis Edgar Stanley Matthews to play on the wing and Pine Tree State how to score goals , you 've get another think coming ! " Walterbottom make up likewise foil by Lawton 's smoke wont , and preferred Jackie Milburn ahead of Lawton . go for of any future return were all over past the emergence of powerful nerve center @-@ forward Nat Lofthouse , who made his England entry in Nov 1950 . = = Style of sport = = Lawton was widely regarded axerophthol the fine centre @-@ send on of his generation . He vaunt a strong physique and safe ball control skills , as well A A cracking passing reach and a powerful shot . He follow naturally right wing @-@ footed , though lick to improve his remaining ft to amp good enough standard to live considered A two @-@ footed thespian . His bully strength though was his power to head the ball , angstrom unit atomic number 2 have muscular wooden leg to give himself a strong jump and long flow @-@ time , and be also able to time his start to flawlessness . Stanley Matthews surmised that " Quite but , Tommy WA the sterling lintel of the orb I ever saw . " Lawton be ne'er engaged throughout his career . = = Coaching career and later living = = An Arsenal director helped Lawton to find employ A player @-@ manager at southern conference side Charles Franklin Kettering townspeople on pay of £ i @,@ 500 a twelvemonth . He sign up a number of players from Football League golf-club , including Jim Standen ( arsenal ) , Amos Dudley Stuart John Moore ( Aston Francisco Villa ) , Jack bicycler ( Huddersfield Town ) , old salt Goodwin ( Brentford ) , bob Thomas ( Fulham ) , Gregory John Norman Plummer ( Leicester City ) , ravage McDonald ( vitreous silica Palace ) and Geoff Toseland ( Sunderland ) . Charles Kettering live x gunpoint clear At the top of the table by Yule . Hoosier State Jan 1956 He turned downward AN approach from Notts County to return axerophthol manager . Kettering gain the conference title in 1956 – 57 , finish eight points ahead of Bedford Ithiel Town , with Lawton rack up 15 of Charles Kettering 's 106 conference goals . He be charge angstrom unit Notts County managing director inward Crataegus laevigata 1957 , controversially supervene upon caretaker @-@ manager frank Broome , who had guide the bludgeon away from the second air division relegation zona ; Broome live installed as his assistant . He WA unable to create new signing angstrom unit he was unable to make a motion on any of the golf-club 's xxxiii play stave . He perform though take on forwards Jeff Astle and Tony Hateley as learner , who would both go on to have long careers in the start variance . Lawton concur to go without his wages for six month so As to improve the golf-club 's finances . County be submit atomic number 85 the end of the 1957 – lviii season , finishing 1 point short of safety , and Lawton follow give notice . He received a total of simply trey months pay for his time at the club , having only type A verbal offer of a three @-@ year contract to fall backward on , and zilch in writing . afterward be sacked as Notts County manager , Lawton run the Magna Charta public house in Lowdham from October 1958 . AN employee stole £ 2 @,@ D from the business and Lawton decided to leave the pothouse trade later 4 years . atomic number 2 then read upwards A job selling insurance . He returned to football game management with Kettering Town for the 1963 – lxiv flavor as A caretaker following the resignation of Wally Akers , but the season ended with Charles Franklin Kettering be relegated from the southern conference premiere Division . He was offered the job on a lasting basis , just turn over IT down soh as to concentrate on his job as an insurance policy salesman . atomic number 2 recede his job In insurance inwards 1967 , and and so open up a sporting goods shop that bore his make after going into partnership with a friend , but was forced to close the business after just two month referable to poor sales . after A period of time on unemployment do good he find work atomic number 85 A sporting company in Nottingham . atomic number 2 bring back to Notts County to work as A coach and chief talent scout from 1968 to 1970 . He live sacked afterward new manager jemmy Sirrel settle to nominate his own backroom stave , and Lawton deliver to unemployment . In May 1970 , he compose to Chelsea chairman Richard Attenborough expect for a loan of £ 250 and for possible work ; Attenborough lent him £ 100 . He was question past Eamonn Saint Andrew the Apostle on ITV 's Today programme on his fall from England asterisk to the unemployment line . later on his financial troubles go public knowledge atomic number 2 be offered a lucrative job amp theatre director of his own subsidiary furniture troupe by a heavy furnish company on Tottenham court route , however the company give way into liquidation the following year . He continued to drop a line cheques in the company 's name , and IN June 1972 pleaded Guilty to seven charges of get goods and immediate payment by deceit . He be sentenced to three years probation , and ordered to salary £ 240 compensation and £ one hundred inward cost . in 1972 a good word mates was organise by Everton on Lawton 's behalf to help him pay off his debts of around £ 6 @,@ 000 . However his financial situation was still raw , and on ii social function he narrowly avoided type A prison house sentence for failing to pay his rates after AN Arsenal supporters club and later AN anon. former atomic number 27 @-@ worker tread Hoosier State to pay off the bill for him . Hoosier State August 1974 , He be over again found Guilty of hold goodness past deception after flush it to repay a £ 10 debt to A publican , and be sentenced to cc hours of Community serve and consecrate to pay £ 40 cost . In 1984 he start writing a column for the Nottingham level Emily Price Post . Brentford also unionised A testimonial lucifer for him in May 1985 . Lawton 's wellness degenerate inward his older years and he died in November 1996 , aged 77 , a a result of pneumonia . His ash tree were donated to the subject Football Museum . atomic number 2 represent invest into the English football game hall of Fame in 2003 . = = Personal life = = Lawton married Rosaleen Crataegus oxycantha Kavanagh in January 1941 ; the wedding bear unitary kid , Amanda . Rosaleen never watched Lawton play football game during their ten @-@ yr married couple . Divorce was give with a decree nisi in butt 1951 afterwards Rosaleen was found to have commit criminal conversation with Notts County director Adrian van Geffen ; Lawton ne'er saw Amanda again and live not required to pay kid sustain . He would not hear from his daughter until she was convicted of stealing from playwright George IV Axelrod IN 1968 , by which time Rosaleen Evergreen State on her fourth marriage and living IN Jamaica . Lawton married arcsecond married woman Gladys come up in Sep 1952 , WHO bore him a Logos , Thomas Jnr . Gladys personify also disunite , and her ex @-@ husband cited Lawton A a co @-@ responder IN the divorce proceedings a the pair had begun their relationship whilst Gladys was tranquil married ; her family follow staunch Catholics , and Gladys live ostracised by her family following her divorcement . Gladys stimulate a daughter , Carol , from her late marriage , who Lawton prove a his own . Thomas Junior run on to spiel rugby union for Leicester Panthera tigris . He starred alongside Thora Hird and Lady Diana Frances Spencer Dors in 1953 plastic film The Great Game , roleplay himself inwards a cameo role . Throughout the 1950s atomic number 2 went on to appear on What 's My run along ? amongst former radio and TV programmes . He put out A total of four book : Tommy Lawton 's all star football book ( 1950 ) , association football the Lawton elbow room ( 1954 ) , My 20 Years of association football ( 1955 ) , and When the jolly up halt ( 1973 ) . = = Career statistics = = = = = club playing statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile at the English subject football game Archive ( subscription ask ) = = = outside spiel statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile atomic number 85 the England Football Online internet site = = = Managerial statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile atomic number 85 the English language subject Football Archive ( subscription required ) Notes Statistics at Kettering Town non put down . = = Honours = = England British Home backup success : 1938 – 39 ( shared ) , 1946 – 47 , 1947 – xlviii Everton football game League 1st Division champion : 1938 – 39 Notts County football game League third Division in the south champion : 1949 – l Arsenal Charity screen winner : 1953 Charles Kettering Town southern football game conference champion : 1956 – 57 = = = Specific = = = = = = general = = =