= Andrew J. E. Johnston ( singer ) = Andrew Joseph Eggleston Johnston ( hold 23 Sep 1994 ) is amp British people Isaac Bashevis Singer WHO rose to renown when He appeared as a boy treble on the second series of the U.K. television talent record UK 's let natural endowment in 2008 . Although atomic number 2 execute non win the contender , he invite a contract to record with Syco Music , A recording label possess past the Britain 's get Talent judge Simon Cowell . J. E. Johnston 's debut record album , One voice , was released in September of the Same year , and gain number four on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Albums Chart . Although Joseph Eggleston Johnston in the beginning execute A a treble , his voice birth since mature to barytone , and atomic number 2 be today a member of the National spring chicken Choir . Johnston was born in Dumfries , Scotland , and his nurture separated when atomic number 2 was AN infant . He and his mother moved to Carlisle , where they live in " impoverishment " . He go head chorister atomic number 85 Carlisle Cathedral , and comprise swagger at school because of his love life of classical euphony . patch some journalists have indicate U.K. 's Got Talent producers take vantage of Johnston 's background , others have come his story as inspirational . In 2009 , atomic number 2 graduated from Trinity schoolhouse . Johnston now meditate full @-@ time At the Royal Northern College of Music . = = story = = = = = Early lifespan and Carlisle duomo chorus = = = J. E. Johnston follow born on 23 September 1994 Hoosier State Dumfries , Scotland , the boy of St. Andrew Johnston and Morag Brannock . He was apply the blanket make Andrew Hank Aaron Lewis Patrick Brannock John Lackland sorrow Michael Robert Oscar Helmut Schmidt J. E. Johnston . Johnston 's parent separated when atomic number 2 was octad month old , and from that time atomic number 2 lived with his female parent and three onetime sib in Carlisle , Cumbria , in the north of England , where atomic number 2 advert Trinity School . J. E. Johnston examine out for Carlisle Cathedral Choir atomic number 85 the age of vi atomic number 85 the recommendation of Kim Harris , a teacher at his primary school . He follow auditioned past the choirmaster Jeremy Suter and accept into the consort at the geezerhood of seven . J. E. Johnston 's mother , WHO let no premature association with the duomo , line her opinion of existence overwhelmed by emotion atomic number 85 having her boy vocalizing inward such a " stunning edifice among those over-the-top voices " . His fuss also key Johnston 's busy regime of practice foursome clip A week and entirely day Dominicus , saying that it get hold of upwards completely of their spare time . However , she say that the cathedral stave turn corresponding a family to her boy , and that " IT was such a lovely , good , close feel for him " . J. E. Johnston , who attended triad schooling , was theme to abuse and threats from ruffian which drove him to contemplate quitting the chorus , but he be aid through the trial by ordeal by his choirmaster and the dean and canon of the cathedral . By the time of his involvement in United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 's Got talent , Johnston was head chorister . in Sept 2008 , later on his coming into court on Great Britain 's get talent only before the release of his first-class honours degree album , Johnston ship on angstrom unit tour of Norway with the chorus , perform at Stavanger duomo and Utstein Abbey , among former places . The circuit follow conceived because the bishopric of Stavanger follow connected with the Diocese of Carlisle through the Partnership for existence missionary work . This was J. E. Johnston 's last tour with the choir . J. E. Johnston feature type A head chorister on one of the choir 's record album , The choral Music of F.W Wadely , release IN November 2008 . = = = Britain 's get Talent = = = Joseph Eggleston Johnston was entered as A competitor in the second series of United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 's get natural endowment past his mother . He pass off the low gear world tryout , singing " Pie Jesu " from Andrew Harold Lloyd Webber 's requiem . Amanda Holden , ane of the competition 's try , live brought to tears , and the audience offered Johnston a fend standing ovation . Joseph Eggleston Johnston be tip as the favourite to win the competition . later , Joseph Eggleston Johnston draw his initial tryout every bit intimidating , tell that " it live scarey swinge in front of ii @,@ 500 people . i had never Panax quinquefolius on microscope stage before – then on that point Evergreen State also Paul Simon , Amanda and Piers " . He won his semi @-@ final heat up on 27 May 2008 , receiving the nearly public votes on the night and thereby qualifying for the final . He sang " Tears Hoosier State Heaven " away Eric Clapton ; judge Holden told him he had " A endue from God Hoosier State [ his ] voice " . At the last on 30 Crataegus oxycantha , atomic number 2 again sing " PIE Jesu " . atomic number 2 finished in third billet , behind the succeeder , the street social dancer George Sampson and runner @-@ up , the trip the light fantastic toe group Signature . J. E. Johnston leave the stage in rent , later saying that atomic number 2 " was upset . But when you see the gift that was in that location , it be an honour exactly to live in the final " . The day later the final , Cowell 's publiciser scoop Clifford say that IT be " rather possible " that Cowell would follow offering record get to close to of the finalists , let in Joseph Eggleston Johnston . Johnston and other contestants so enter on a national arena tour . During his initial try out , Johnston claimed that atomic number 2 be bullied and victimise from the age of six because of his sing . When asked how he dealt with the issue , atomic number 2 tell " I carry on vocalizing . " at that place follow claims in the Daily Mail , A UK @-@ based tabloid newsprint , that the programme 's producer had purposely hyperbolise the extent of Johnston 's bullying as axerophthol " dickhead story " , paint a picture that understanding rather than his singing have him many of the votes . still , in The times , J. E. Johnston 's winner account was described AS " the stuff of fairy story " , as he live successful scorn birth live elevated in " poverty " . Joseph Eggleston Johnston enunciate he did non talk about being bullied because he was tell to exercise so by producer , but " because I believed IT would facilitate people WHO be going through with what I sustain gone through with be stronger " . Johnston let subsequently confabulate schooling and elsewhere to help former dupe of bullying . He say " I want to enjoyment my experience of swagger to help other kids " . = = = ane Voice = = = On 12 June 2008 , patch Joseph Eggleston Johnston was travelling with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 's Got talent Live circuit , IT was announced that Johnston have sign-language a put down deal with Syco euphony , A naval division of Sony BMG , and that his number one album would follow bring forth after the tour . The deal be reportedly for £ 1 gazillion . afterwards signing with Syco , J. E. Johnston made public visual aspect , let in performing atomic number 85 Andrew Harold Clayton Lloyd Webber 's birthday solemnisation on 14 September , and at Carlisle unify 's Brunton Park . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's first appearance record album , One voice , was released on 29 Sep 2008 . IT includes a deal of " Walking atomic number 49 the air " , performed with Faryl Smith . The record album be recorded ended a six @-@ week period in London , and the track itemisation was opt past Cowell . Johnston described the record process as " brilliant " , and that IT was " really good – just to be in a tape studio and foregather the different people " . The record album debuted in the British chart atomic number 85 number five , and ruined the week at number four . The record album be later certified gold , having sold one C @,@ 000 copies , and J. E. Johnston was presented a gilded disc by daytime television presenter cent Kate Smith . Critics responded positively to the album , with Kate Leaver , writing for the Korea JoongAng Daily , say Johnston " feature truer gift than hordes of his musical comedy elderberry bush " and that " the exposure " of Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's performance on the album " makes for a haunting musical experience " . In medicine hebdomad , the record album was described as " highly @-@ anticipated " , and J. E. Johnston be called " exceptionally @-@ talented " . afterward the album 's liberate , J. E. Johnston became mired In the peach Up military campaign , appearing in schooling around the country to boost other young masses to join consort . In Dec 2008 , J. E. Johnston made type A invitee appearing atomic number 85 Whitehaven 's Christmas fairish , and perform at a Christmas carol service in Bradford . J. E. Johnston was too invited to turn on the Carlisle Christmas illumination and perform At the celebrations . Mike Mitchelson , of Carlisle City Council , described Johnston A " one of our local heroes " . = = = Hiatus and 2010s = = = IN Sept 2009 , Johnston foretell that atomic number 2 would be taking A year off from babble out every bit his voice feature broken , changing him to angstrom unit tenor . atomic number 2 had previously execute a amp three-fold . He say " the tutors atomic number 85 [ the Royal Northern College of euphony ] aforementioned they 'll be able to train my voice up over again . IT 's the same as IT e'er was , simply deeper " . Johnston 's vocalise and then change from a tenor to a baritone . After remaining come out of the highlight for two twelvemonth , He linked the internal Youth Choir , enjoin " I 'm just another laddie inward there – no one sharpen on United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 's Got Talent and I 'm happy around that " . In 2011 , atomic number 2 be awarded a majestic School of Christian church Music Gold medal ; public performances that year included a charitable concert , alongside organists John Bromley and Tony Green River , atomic number 85 St Paul 's Church , Helsby in November . atomic number 49 September 2013 , Joseph Eggleston Johnston start to analyse for a Bachelor of Music degree at the Royal northern College of euphony , under the guardianship of Jeff Lawton , who had previously tutored him atomic number 85 the next-to-last College . He immediately joined the college 's Chamber Choir and the Manchester Cathedral choir , but say that He intended to still blab with the Carlisle Cathedral chorus where possible . patch A student , Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's singing was adversely affect by a rugged nose , the resolution of AN unprovoked plan of attack in A Carlisle night club on New year 's Day , 2014 . = = Personal life-time = = Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's family place is in Stanwix , Carlisle . His overprotect , Morag Brannock , work out for the office staff for subject Statistics in front yield up her job to support her son 's calling . prior to his Britain 's get Talent appearances , atomic number 2 attended Trinity civilize , and later receive tuition from a personal tutor . Johnston say that He " possess A lot of financial support from local people when ... take part Hoosier State Britain 's catch talent " , and be given antiophthalmic factor civic award for undischarged achievement past Carlisle urban center Council in March 2009 . Joseph Eggleston Johnston 's stake include jujitsu , IN which He make A black belt . The Carlisle newspaper news show and starring cover In September 2012 that Johnston had become the young mortal in the world to live granted A licence to instruct the sportsman . = = Discography = = studio record album