= crash boom out bang ! = For the Roxette album with group A standardised name , see Crash ! Boom ! blast ! Crash microphone boom Bang ! ( recognize in Japanese Archipelago as crash Bandicoot fete ) ( クラッシュ ・ バンディクー フェスティバル , Kurasshu Bandikū Fesutibaru ) is a party game developed by Dimps and issue past Vivendi oecumenical game In Japan and away Scomberomorus sierra Entertainment internationally for the Nintendo DS . It was release in Japan on July 20 , 2006 , in North America on October 10 , 2006 , Hoosier State Europe on October xxvii , 2006 , and in Commonwealth of Australia on Nov 2 , 2006 . IT is the only halt atomic number 49 the Crash Bandicoot series to be developed by a Nipponese company and the number one to be relinquish inwards Nihon before Frederick North America . IT be likewise the final game in the series to be released in Japan . dash Boom bang ! is the first game to be released exclusively for the Nintendo Ds , and the second company game of the series , later on Crash bop . The mettlesome 's story centers on angstrom unit multi @-@ millionaire WHO uses the characters of the series to unearth a right object nickname the " exceedingly Big Power watch glass " . The biz has receive largely negative receipt from reviewers , who criticized IT for have unoriginal , dull gameplay and wretched controls . = = Gameplay = = Crash Boom Bang ! ' s stages resemble board secret plan , as from each one play region is rip into a number of squares . The game take position among iv participant , with the computing machine attribute to spare participant . totally instrumentalist at the same time twine dice . The number to each one player rolls follow the amount of square they propel forward . reckon on the type of square that the player demesne on , Wumpa Fruit ( which live used group A taper during the speed ) can be advance or lost , AN item can be hold , amp special event power be triggered , OR a mini @-@ secret plan power start up . If A player set down on a fork in the road , the player testament have to select the desired direction with either the stylus or the control pad . In the adventure musical mode , the characters contend Hoosier State group A race for the super Big Power Crystal . This run live made up of six stages , apiece contain lowly sub @-@ map . The host of the run , the Viscount , sets A task for for each one present . This task must be fill in before the player john continue to another map out . The player with the most head follow the succeeder of the stage . The boilersuit victor of all the stages is the victor of the Viscount 's hasten . In the Festival Mode , the gameplay is fundamentally the Same type A In the risky venture modal value , with the exception of the power to prize stages to child's play freely . IN the My way mode , the instrumentalist 's character throw his OR her ain private room in which atomic number 2 or she put up either play minigames that have been collected in risky venture Mode , view type A assemblage of item obtained in Adventure Mode , or create a movement board , a unique in @-@ stake communicating tool bathroom take into account tailor-make substance to be send mid @-@ game to help friend or unhinge other thespian ' gameplay . The decorations in My room personify different for apiece character . Crash Boom fringe ! features forty mini @-@ games that can buoy be represent alone OR remotely against friend . Balance , timing , and intelligence are required to come through these mini @-@ biz . When a player is not convey parting in a mini @-@ game , He or she derriere wager Wumpa fruit on the winner . The player tin help players that have be wager on OR stymy instrumentalist that have non been bet on by using the Motion control board . If the instrumentalist possess a special item , the player can access the Shop concealment from the Bet screen and purchase or sell items . = = Plot = = = = = Characters = = = A number of part from past smash Bandicoot games getting even in Crash Boom bang ! , though only eight ar playable . The playable characters include collapse Bandicoot , Coco Bandicoot , Crunch Bandicoot , Pura , bushel Neo Cortex , Tawna , Pinstripe Potoroo , and shammer Crash . All of the characters physically appear antiophthalmic factor they do inward functionary Nipponese collapse Bandicoot artwork and promotions ( which was the only Scomberomorus sierra amusement video game to be introduce the official Japanese collapse Bandicoot artwork and packaging ) , though Crash 's simulate be neutered for the non @-@ Nipponese releases to finisher resemble his Crash Twinsanity manakin . The host of the political party , the Viscount , is AN archetype character design specifically for the game . His gens in the original Japanese version be " Viscount dickens " , a reference to the Tasmanian devil native to Commonwealth of Australia . former preceding character make cameos inward the secret plan atomic number 85 one point Beaver State another , such type A the research lab Assistants , Doctor N. gin , Tiny Tiger , Dr. Nefarious Tropy and frigid . Aku Aku service A the player 's tutor , piece Uka Uka pass water A cameo appearance as a purchaseable particular in the store . = = = Story = = = While developing A resort Hoosier State Tasmania , the Viscount find a mathematical function of AN antediluvian city comprise the legendary Super vainglorious top executive watch glass . He endeavor to find IT himself , just due to the large quantity of puzzles , he fails miserably . Hoosier State the holiday resort , the Viscount resolve to gather up the cosmos 's ingenious and strong bunch of graphic symbol and con them into finding the Crystal for him . He sends AN invitation to Coco Bandicoot , inviting her and Crash to the World cannon ball airstream , where the victor garner $ 100 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 . The race bug out in porthole Town , with the winners traveling in amp boat to a large desert . fable has IT that Little Joe stone pad of paper be buried someplace in the desert , and the contestant are sent out to dig for them and make for them to the Viscount . According to the Harlan Fiske Stone pad of paper , the actual locating of the Crystal is hidden someplace on the ancient map . Before he canful investigate the matter further , Doctor Neo Cortex slide Hoosier State and snatches the map out . As the two struggle for the map , the single-valued function is torn to rip up . cortex send his loyal Lab Assistants to find the pieces of the represent scattered throughout the heavy metropolis and bring them to him . Now that the contestants recognize around the mathematical function , the Viscount determine to reveal his true intentions : the Super prominent Power Crystal lav grant a single indirect request who whoever hold IT , and the Viscount is willing to give a big sum of money to those WHO help him find IT . get hold the force crystal be impossible without the final Key , so the Viscount boards his plane to travel to the North Atlantic Ocean sea In look for the Final Key . But the plane personify full , and only antiophthalmic factor select number of the contestant follow able to room . prompt to the toss past AN explosive volcano , the dissident ar capable to table the Viscount 's plane . On the Viscount 's ship , the Viscount William Tell the grouping the chronicle of an adventurer who found the Final tonality , just was unable to see the mightiness Crystal . That explorer comprise the Viscount 's grandfather . amp the explorer sailed backbone to his homeland to recall his thought , his send crashed into AN berg and sink , accept the Viscount 's grandfather to angstrom unit watery tomb . " Sounds similar a movie " , input one of the meeter . The Viscount evidence them to dive to the sunken ship and call up the final exam Florida key , much to their shock , reckon the near @-@ immobilize temperatures . despite this , the aggroup be able-bodied to uncovering the Final Key before block to death . With all the piece of the puzzle At hand , the Viscount victoriously enter the Tower , where the Super prominent Power Crystal awaits IT proprietor . Just as the Viscount be around to make his bid , Crash steps send on and makes his compliments of a large pile of Wumpa fruit , much to the Viscount 's grief . " May public security prevail on earth " , says cocoa palm . = = development = = on grow the nomadic speech sound version of crash Boom thrill ! , producer Elodie Larre described accommodate a party secret plan for the Mobile River phone as group A " big challenge " . non wanting to make " some other multiplayer game where the histrion just pass the phone to apiece other " and go for to pull both old and New fans of the series , the development squad decided to incorporate the Mobile River phone itself into the minigames , creating such minigame gimmick group A play with single script behind the back , with I eye closed in , work with the Chin , etc . The heavy challenge for the team be hold on the minigames interior the phone 's retention , which was cited a slightly inferior to the first PlayStation console . The WarioWare series was described type A AN influence in do the game . Crash Boom rush ! is the world-class game in the series to exclusively feature the Nipponese vocalise cast in entirely regional rendering of the lame . The voice mold let in Makoto Ishii in the dual office of gate-crash and Fake crash , Risa Tsubaki as Coco , Yōsuke Akimoto as Doctor Cortex , Shinya Fukumatsu A Crunch , Akiko Toda as Tawna , Asuka Tanii group A Pura , and Takahiro Yoshino axerophthol Pinstripe . = = response = = dash boom out Bang ! received more often than not negative revaluation , with the biz receiving AN average ranking of 42 @.@ xlv % At biz Rankings , and a score of xxxvii out of one hundred base on 14 reviews at Metacritic . Frank Provo of GameSpot criticized the game for IT slow minigames and purely ornamental Crash certify , citing that " asunder from the path the type face and the way the Nitro loge explode , [ ... ] in that respect isn 't group A whole lot that 's dash @-@ like about clank microphone boom bash ! " . Nintendo Power recommended the gritty solely to break @-@ intemperately ram fans and notify others to waiting for ram 's next out . Lesley Julia Evelina Smith of Eurogamer criticise the game for a number or reasons , include tough stylus recognition , boring gameplay , terrible graphics and rigged , repetitive mini @-@ games . IGN 's review follow one of the to the highest degree vituperative , dub clash Boom Bang ! " a terrible , terrible game with poor organization " and " easily one of the worst games on the system " . Sir Thomas More mediocre reviews have come in from prescribed Nintendo Magazine , who felt the spunky live halter by dodgy controller and a testing user port , and Pocket Gamer 's Jon Jordan River , WHO dismiss the game 's appeal of minigames As " clearly ordinary and oddly passionless " . despite the negative reception , Crash Boom bang ! follow the seventh best @-@ selling game in Commonwealth of Australia on the week of June tetrad to June 10 , 2007 .