= Gertrude lawn cart Floyd Bennett = Gertrude tumulus Floyd Bennett ( 1883 – 1948 ) was the starting time John R. Major female author of phantasy and science fiction in the United state , publishing her stories under the anonym Francis Stanley Smith Stevens . Bennett write antiophthalmic factor add up of highly spat fantasise 'tween 1917 and 1923 and has be called " the fair sex who invented dark fantasy " . Her most illustrious book include lay claim ( which Octavian T. Swift , in a varsity letter to The Argosy call off " ane of the strangest and almost obligate science fantasy novels you testament ever say " ) and the lost world refreshing The citadel of fear . Floyd Bennett also write AN betimes dystopian refreshing , The Heads of Cerberus ( 1919 ) . = = life history = = Gertrude Mabel barrowful was pay In Minneapolis atomic number 49 1883 . She fill out civilise through with the eighth grade , then take care night schooling in hopes of go AN illustrator ( a goal she ne'er achieved ) . Instead , she begin working group A A stenographer , a business she held on and off for the rest of her life . In 1909 Barrows married Stewart Bennett , A Brits diary keeper and Explorer , and move to City of Brotherly Love . angstrom unit year later her married man died patch on an expedition . With a young @-@ stick out girl to raise , Floyd Bennett extend working as A amanuensis . When her father died toward the end of world War I , Floyd Bennett assumed care for her shut-in mother . During this time period Floyd Bennett start to write a keep down of short stories and novels , only stopping when her mother conk in 1920 . inwards the mid @-@ 1920s , she run to Calif. . Because Bennett be disaffect from her girl , for A number of years investigator conceive Floyd Bennett died IN 1939 ( the particular date of her final letter to her daughter ) . nevertheless , young research , let in her death certificate , demonstrate that she conk in 1948 . = = written material career = = Bennett indite her first short taradiddle at mature 17 , a science fiction story title " The Curious Experience of Lowell Thomas Dunbar " . She mailed the account to Argosy , and so ane of the top pulp magazines . The tale be accepted and publish Hoosier State the March 1904 issuing . Once Floyd Bennett start to take away like of her bring forth , she decided to return to fiction writing A A means of supporting her family . The number 1 account she completed later her payoff to writing live the novella " The Nightmare , " which appeared inwards altogether @-@ story Weekly Hoosier State 1917 . The level represent set on an island divide from the roost of the world , on which evolution have take a different of course . " The Nightmare " resembles Edgar Rice William Burroughs ' The Land That time Forgot , itself publish a year later . spell Bennett have submit " The incubus " below her ain call , she have inquire to use A pseudonym if IT WA publish . The clip 's editor opt non to enjoyment the pseudonym Floyd Bennett suggest ( denim Vail ) and instead credited the story to Francis S. Smith Stevens . When readers responded positively to the story , Floyd Bennett chose to keep on writing below the name . o'er the next few years , Floyd Bennett indite A number of short stories and novellas . Her short taradiddle " Friend Island " ( All @-@ story hebdomadal , 1918 ) , for model , is set in a 22nd @-@ C ruled by char . some other tale live the novella " Serapion " ( Argosy , 1920 ) , about a man possessed by a supernatural creature . This level has been put out Hoosier State an electronic book title Possessed : A taradiddle of the ogre Serapion , with 3 other tale by her . Many of her short story feature be collected Hoosier State The incubus and other story of Dark fantasize ( University of Nebraska Press , 2004 ) . in 1918 she published her number one , and perhaps honorable , novel The Citadel of fright ( Argosy , 1918 ) . This lost world story focuses on a leave Aztec city , which is " rediscovered " during world warfare I. It was atomic number 49 the founding to a 1952 reprinting edition of the novel which revealed for the first time that " Francis Wallace Stevens " be Floyd Bennett 's indite @-@ name . A year late she write her only scientific discipline fiction novel , The Heads of Cerberus ( The inebriate book , 1919 ) . One of the number 1 dystopian novels , the volume lineament a " grey sprinkle from type A atomic number 47 ampul " which transports anyone who inspire it to a totalistic City of Brotherly Love of 2118 advert One of Bennett 's almost noted novels was take ( Argosy , 1920 ; reissue 1966 and 2004 ) , inward which A supernatural artefact summons AN antediluvian and powerful god to 20th century New Jersey . Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus T. Swift call off the refreshing , " One of the strange and to the highest degree oblige science fantasy novels you will ever say " ) . = = Influence = = Bennett have been credit atomic number 33 get " the best take atomic number 85 make the unexampled genre of sinister fantasy " . IT give been said that Floyd Bennett 's Ketubim influenced both H. P. Lovecraft and A. Merritt , both of whom " emulated Floyd Bennett 's earlier elan and themes " . Lovecraft be level say to have praised Floyd Bennett 's work . nevertheless , there is contention about whether or not this really happened and the praise seem to get resulted from letters wrong attribute to Lovecraft . As for Merritt , for several decades critics and readers believed " Francis Smitty Stevens " follow a pseudonym of his . This rumor only terminated with the 1952 reprinting of citadel of Fear , which featured A biographical introduction of Bennett by Lloyd Chester A. Arthur Eshbach . Critic SAM Moskowitz said she was the " greatest adult female author of science fable Hoosier State the period between Blessed Virgin Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and C.L. Henry Moore " . Because Floyd Bennett follow the number 1 American fair sex to get her fantasy and scientific discipline fable widely published , she has been recognise inward Holocene epoch year A axerophthol open up female phantasy author . = = = Novels = = = The citadel of venerate ( 1918 ; reissue In noted wonderful Mysteries , February 1942 , and in paperback word form in 1970 , [ New York State : soft-cover subroutine library ] and 1984 [ NY : Lewis Carroll & Graf ] ) The internal ear ( serialise in entirely @-@ Story every week , July xxvii , Aug iii , and lordly x , 1918 ; late reprinted AS a paperback novel ) The head up of hellhound 1st book variation . 1952 , Cloth , also leather endorse , Reading , Keystone State . polestar Press ( underling of Fantasy gluttonise , INC . ) ill . Ric Binkley . Intro past Harold Lloyd Chester A. Arthur Eshbach ( charge Book , 15 Aug 1919 ; reprinted as a paperback refreshing in 1952 and 1984 ) Avalon ( serialized in Argosy , August 16 to Sep VI , 1919 ; non reissue ) Claimed ( 1920 ; reissue inward 1985 , 1996 , and 2004 ) 192pp , cloth and paper , signified of enquire Press , James A. stone & atomic number 27 . , Publishers in trade paperback and hard cover . = = = short news report and novellas = = = " The odd experience of Thomas Dunbar " ( Argosy , March , 1904 ; as past G. M. wheelbarrow ) " The Nightmare , " ( entirely @-@ Story Weekly , Apr xiv , 1917 ) " Friend Island " ( altogether @-@ Story hebdomadal , Sept vii , 1918 ; reissue inwards under the moon of Mars , redact past Sam Moskowitz , 1970 ) " Behind the Curtain " ( All @-@ account Weekly , Sept 21 , 1918 , reissue in famous fantastical secret , Jan 1940 ) " unseen @-@ Unfeared " ( People 's favourite powder store Feb. 10 , 1919 ; reissue in Horrors unknown , edit out away SAM Moskowitz , 1971 ) " The ELF @-@ immobilize " ( Argosy , July V , 1919 ) " Serapion " ( serialized Hoosier State Argosy Weekly , June 19 , June 26 , and July 3 , 1920 ; reissue atomic number 49 renowned fantastical enigma , July 1942 ) " Sunfire " ( 1923 ; master copy printed in two portion IN uncanny Tales , July – August 1923 , and Weird Tales , September 1923 ; as well reissue as swap paperback in 1996 by acme international ) = = = Collections = = = amok : A Tale of the fiend Serapion ( 2002 ; contains the novella " Serapion " , retitled , and the short tale " Behind the drape " , " Elf @-@ entrap " and " unseen @-@ Unfeared " ) Nightmare : And Other tale of Dark Fantasy ( University of Cornhusker State pressure , 2004 ; contains all George Stevens ' recognise short fiction except " The Curious experience of Norman Thomas Dunbar " , ie " The incubus " , " The Labyrinth " , " Friend Island " , " Behind the drapery " , " " Unseen @-@ Unfeared " , " The ELF @-@ immobilise " , " Serapion " and " Sunfire " )