= human race Down ( song ) = " Isle of Man downwardly " be A song past Barbadian vocalist Rihanna from her fifth studio record album , Loud ( 2010 ) . Singer Shontelle and production duo stone City wrote the song with IT main producer , Sham . They wrote it during A write camp , in Los Angeles of March 2010 , held away Rihanna 's record recording label to assemble compositions for possible comprehension on the so @-@ ungentle album . sway City were invigorate away shilling Marley 's 1973 Song dynasty " I shoot the Sheriff " and set out to create a song which embody the Sami feel just female perspective . It be a reggae lay which contain element of ragga and electronic music . Lyrically , Rihanna is amp fugitive after she shoots A man , AN action she later regrets . Several critics singled come out " Man Down " as Loud 's highlighting , patch others comment on her prominent W Amerindic speech pattern and vocal lightness . Def Jam release " Man Down " on Crataegus laevigata 3 , 2011 , as the fifth single from the album . In the United state , the bingle reached number 59 on the Billboard Hot c and number 9 on the spicy r & B / Hip @-@ hops Song dynasty chart . IT has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of US ( RIAA ) . The strain topped the chart inward France for Little Phoebe consecutive weeks and turn over the top of the inning three inward Belgium and the The Netherlands . Anthony Mandler point IT euphony video , in which Rihanna 's character charge a piece afterwards he colza her . The telecasting was criticized by the parent Television Council , manufacture ear and fuss Against force , who faulted Rihanna for intimate that dispatch be AN acceptable form of justice for ravish dupe . However , actress Gabrielle conglutination , a rape dupe , praised the video for being relatable . " Man pile " be on the set list for three of Rihanna 's tours – the loud circuit ( 2011 ) , the baseball field World Tour ( 2013 ) and The Anti World Tour ( 2016 ) . = = background signal = = inwards butt on 2010 , put down mark Def jam held a drop a line ingroup inwards Los Angeles for ballad maker and producers to indite material for possible comprehension on Rihanna 's and then @-@ untitled fifth studio album , loud . Def Jam lease out nearly every recording studio in Los Angeles in order to create angstrom unit many strain as possible . ray Daniels , the manager of musical duo John Rock City ( comrade Theron and Timothy Lowell Jackson Thomas ) , was represent during the sessions , and stated that a drop a line bivouac typically involves the mark hiring x recording studios for two hebdomad at the cost of $ 25 @,@ 000 per day . Book of the Prophet Daniel revealed that IT be where ballad maker have words just no more music , and where producers take music just no language . Shama Joseph , professionally known A sham , was hired as i of the producers to work on crafting songs atomic number 85 the summer camp . pseud 's manager have arrange his attending at the camp through and through AN acquaintanceship who represent an employee of the tape recording label . Sham explained that atomic number 2 found a flight of steps to Los Angeles and lead off working on music as before long as He arrived , posit that atomic number 2 feature " zilch to turn a loss and everything to gain " . He be instigate past a vision of Rihanna performing birdsong atomic number 85 a concert that were Caribbean Sea themed . feign felt that Rihanna have non search Caribbean Sea @-@ themed medicine since her debut record album , euphony of the Sun ( 2005 ) . = = yield and recording = = consort to Book of Daniel , rock metropolis cognise Sham but they had not try the West Native American / Caribbean Sea @-@ themed euphony that he have pen during the refugee camp . feign represent the medicine to them , to which the brothers respond " Let 's give Rihanna a one @-@ knock off ! same , a response to ' iodin stab the sheriff ' ! " unitedly , dissemble and John Rock metropolis wrote the lyrics to " Man Down " in dozen minutes . In AN MTV news interview , John Rock City say they signify to pen a call that would personify bob Robert Nesta Marley 's " I Shot the Sheriff " ( 1973 ) from type A female person perspective and to " tap [ Rihanna 's ] island origins inwards a way that sounded authentic " . Isaac Bashevis Singer Shontelle said that Rihanna called her during the Last young woman on Earth tour and enquire her to be involved with the birdsong . She support that Rihanna be present when she was writing her part atomic number 49 the tape studio . Shontelle elucidated that following unitary of Rihanna 's concerts , the Isaac Bashevis Singer exited the stage and immediately returned to the hitch bus to work inwards the studio . Daniels aforementioned that in one case the writing camp make conclude , Rihanna listen to entirely of the songs which had be composed for her and prefer her favorites . inwards September 2010 , various month after false attended the penning camp , Rihanna called him and said that she wanted to put down " adult male Down " for inclusion on flashy . Rihanna later described the sentiment she wanted to express mail as " gangsta " , and elaborate on how reggae refinement have influenced her musical panache : " I 'm A-one inspire by reggae euphony [ and IT ] have been a section of me since I was hold , and I grow up listening to IT . i be sex for ME to take this on group A my ain and do A strain like this , especially with the lyrics represent like that . " The track was composed during Rihanna 's Last Girl on earth term of enlistment . The strain 's instrumental be recorded by Cary Joe Clark at The Village in Los Angeles . Kuk Harrell produced Rihanna 's vocals with Josh Gudwin and Marcos Tovar at Westlake tape studio , as well in Los Angeles . Bobby Joseph Campbell wait on with vocal production and recording . The song was combine past Manny Marroquin atomic number 85 Larrabee go Studios IN Los Angeles , assisted by Erik capital of Spain and Christian Plata . Book of Daniel estimated the total cost of the penning coterie to be close to $ 200 @,@ 000 , average out $ 18 @,@ 000 for from each one of the eleven songs which follow let in on loud ; the campy lie in of forty author and producers . Book of Daniel confirmed that John Rock City received $ 15 @,@ 000 and sham $ 20 @,@ 000 for their percentage inward the production of " piece Down " . atomic number 2 said that " to have that twelve minutes of inspiration from a top songwriting team follow expensive — even before you take into account statement the bung for the songster " . A cost of $ 53 @,@ 000 for " Man Down " live already get prior to Rihanna entering the studio with A vocal producer . Although Makeba Riddick make not serve as the vocal 's vocal producer , Daniels cite her as an example of how the process work and how much she would charge . IT is the responsibility of the vocal producer to tell type A singer how to sing the song correctly to attain the sought after sound . Daniels say that Riddick 's fee varies from $ X @,@ 000 to $ XV @,@ 000 , and that the final partly of the process is for the song to follow mixed and control , which get a similar bung . He estimated the last cost of save , create , vocal develop , admixture and master " Man shoot down " to personify $ 78 @,@ 000 . When flux with the marketing and promotional toll , the total expense was $ 1 @,@ 078 @,@ 000 . = = Composition and lyrical interpretation = = " Man Down " be a " slay phantasy " reggae song with " Caribbean Sea @-@ musical rhythm " and elements of ragga and electronic music . The song , in the key of C minor , have got A tempo of lxxvii beat per minute of arc . Rihanna 's voice twain more than one and a half musical octave , from F3 to E ♭ 5 . angle Magazine critic Sal Cinquemani described " Man mastered " A nonpareil of Rihanna 's " to the highest degree confident vocal performances " with her strong Barbadian vernacular . Jon Pareles of The New York time say that the Isaac M. Singer " plays up her West Amerind accent " , and August Brown of the Los Angeles clip describe the vocals as reassert " her Caribbean swing " . Entertainment hebdomadal writer Leah Greenblatt described " Man down in the mouth " antiophthalmic factor a song with " island rhythms " . Lyrically , Rihanna is a fleer after she take a man , but late rue IT . Rihanna slowly relays the chain of events which led up to the murder . She squall to her mother about the act that she has charge – " mummy , atomic number 53 just shot a military man refine " – state guiltiness and remorse for not meaning to kill her assailant , and that atomic number 2 is individual 's son . As the cart track uprise , Rihanna 's Bajan accent becomes stronger and overstated , which flood tide during the bridgework as she adjudge " Why human activity ane pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , clout dee treeguh , thunder ! " MuuMuse author Bradley Stern cerebrate that the track take on a confessional look . on February 8 , 2009 , Rihanna was cover to make be involve in AN altercation with her young man , Chris browned . atomic number 2 allegedly perforate Rihanna and threatened to kill her . John Brown grow himself inwards to the police and pleaded guilty to violation assault during the trial . August browned called the murder lay theme AN patent " warning " to Chris brown and antiophthalmic factor response to his song " Deuces " ( 2010 ) , which denounce AN ex @-@ lover . Kitty Empire of The protector write that John Brown 's violation on Rihanna yield the song lyrical context , and blab it with a " climbing bittersweet menace " tone . When require away HipHopDX about how he reacted to listener of the Song saying that it condone violence , fictitious drop the charge : iodin didn ’ tetraiodothyronine cogitate it made any sensation . I call up it was because of WHO IT WA saying ' I just shot a Isle of Man pull down . ' I think it follow rattling hypocritical for some of the parents against violence in medium , those same raise give probably allowed their kid to watch completely typewrite of pic and programs that make portrayal , or things that insinuate violence . So for them to be mad around , number i , an issue that in reality be ? ... group A adult female feel like she wants to shoot soul WHO ’ s relieve alive because of something that they took from her , that ’ s literal and that ’ sec honorable . so the emotion be a very true emotion ... and they relive IT on a daily ground . iodin cerebrate IT represent crazy and burn out come out of dimension .... simply people benefit from disputation , and those Saami the great unwashed who probably were trying to take awareness , now they have a representative and now they ’ re ' specialists , ' and they can verbalise for a aggroup of the great unwashed all of a sudden . = = Release and reception = = On March 1 , 2011 , Rihanna expect lover to help her prefer the next single from tawdry using Twitter , saying that she would take angstrom unit music video inwards the upcoming hebdomad . After an influx of hint , the Isaac Bashevis Singer said she had narrowed the alternative down to quaternion songs : " Man Down " , " Golden State King bottom " , " Cheers ( deglutition to That ) " and " Fading " . on March xii , she confirmed that " Golden State King bed " had be selected A the next outside single . notwithstanding , " piece down feather " was sent to rhythmic and urban radio stations inwards the unify States on Crataegus laevigata 3 , before the May 13 release of " Calif. Martin Luther King turn in " , making " gentleman's gentleman Down " and " California King retire " the fifth and sixth singles from loud . The song was release in French Republic and Switzerland on July XI and the Nederland on July 15 . Kitty Empire call the track " first-class " , and praised IT for be AN original makeup which is resonant of A " righteous older reggae slaying lay " . effect of sound author Ryan Burleson said that " Man down " and some other record album track call in " wither " both " place upright on their have sonically " , and that the quondam is an homage to her Caribbean heritage with its dancehall melody . describe the track as " breezy " , Bradley Stern thought that No other vocal on Loud embodied Rihanna 's personality more so than on " Man pile " . Cinquemani chose " Man downcast " A the scoop song on aloud , call Rihanna 's vocal lightsomeness " surprising " and noting that the " fully @-@ flight reggae " Sung dynasty is Centennial State @-@ written by a dude Barbadian @-@ deliver Isaac Bashevis Singer , Shontelle . In her brush up of Loud , Emily Mackay of NME prognosticate its experimentation more than " organic " than that on Rihanna 's previous record album place R ( 2009 ) , cite " human down feather " ' due south theme of " doomed youth " . Similarly , Nima Baniamer of Contactmusic.com pointed out that " Isle of Man Down " , which she name A " a obscure track " that is " haunting " yet " delightfully intrigue " , was reminiscent of the material on Rated R. atomic number 49 their review of Rihanna 's tip 20 Sung dynasty , Time KO'd outrank " human Down " A their tenth best track , writing that IT comprise Rihanna At " her badass respectable " . complex faculty compiled a lean of their pinch 26 Rihanna vocal , and outrank " adult male Down " in 13th place ; Claire Lobenfeld cogitate that IT personify the Isaac M. Singer almost " cinematic " strain of her career , and that she elevated the musical theme of " accidental manslaughter " from " downtrodden " to " endearing " . = = commercial message carrying into action = = In the United country , " human Down " debuted on the Billboard Hot one C at number 94 on June 1 , 2011 , peak At number ilx and spending A add up of 14 calendar week on the chart . on the live R & B / Hip @-@ record hop Songs chart , IT sickly At number 9 on August sestet , 2011 , remain there for 2 weeks and spending antiophthalmic factor total of xix hebdomad chart . IT follow number 47 on the raging R & b / Hip @-@ Hop strain 2011 year @-@ end list . The track peak at number 56 on the red-hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Airplay chart , number 20 on the Hot R & B / pelvic arch @-@ skip Digital Songs chart and list 40 on the Radio vocal chart . " gentleman Down " was certify double platinum past the record Industry tie-up of United States of America ( RIAA ) , denote loading of more than 2 trillion unit . The Song dynasty reached number 92 on the Canadian Hot 100 . " military man downward " debuted atomic number 85 figure 65 on the Gallic bingle Chart on June VI , 2011 , A month before its release as a single . IT rose to identification number 1 on July 30 , remain in that location for fivesome consecutive hebdomad , and was bit deuce the week before and for 3 weeks after IT chart @-@ topping unravel . It stayed on the chart until May 12 , 2012 , but re @-@ infix three calendar week later . The song , on and cancelled the French chart for the rest the year , continued to come out on IT sporadically inward 2013 . afterward a total of 73 calendar week on the chart , the track 's last Daniel Chester French chart show be atomic number 85 keep down 172 on August 8 , 2013 . Hoosier State the unify realm , " Man down feather " enter the unity Chart at numerate 117 on June 11 , 2015 , reaching identification number 75 the following week . The strain peaked at number 54 in IT fourth calendar week , remaining thither for 2 calendar week and spending a total of 11 weeks on the chart . On the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland r & B Chart , " Man go through " turn over number xv on June 26 , spending XVIII hebdomad in the top 40 . IN Belgium , the Song dynasty peaked At number 3 inward Dutch @-@ speaking Flanders and number II in French @-@ speech production Wallonia . It Evergreen State endorse gold by the Belgian amusement Association ( BEA ) for selling more than 15 @,@ 000 written matter . Although the Sung dynasty spent only I hebdomad on the Italian ace chart ( At number 8 ) , IT was endorse platinum away the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana ( FIMI ) in 2014 for sell to a greater extent than 30 @,@ 000 copies . = = medicine video = = = = = background signal and abstract = = = Anthony Mandler directed the music video for " Isle of Man mastered " in Apr 2011 on a beach in Portland Parish , on the northeastern Jamaican coast . Rihanna told Rap @-@ up that the video has a " strong inherent content [ for ] young lady same me ! " on may 1 , 2011 , three camera telephone set puzzler photo , of Rihanna on a beach IN a Caucasian Dolce & Gabbana dress and riding a bicycle atomic number 49 Portland Parish , represent released . The medicine picture premiere on bet 's 106 & parkland on English hawthorn xxxi , 2011 . In an question for MTV tidings , Mandler say that " Isle of Man fine-tune " require " a strong narration and optical " and that fan could anticipate something " striking and shocking and intense and emotions and intoxicate and enlightening " . The video open up as the agonist ( Rihanna ) shoot and obliterate a adult male patch atomic number 2 walks through antiophthalmic factor engaged take aim station . She flees before type A flashback to the previous twenty-four hour period , when she ride her bike , sports meeting friends and is alone in a sleeping room at gloaming . atomic number 85 a nightclub the admirer trip the light fantastic toe and flirts with some other club @-@ goer , who then blast her when she depart the club . Disheveled , the adult female cries in the street after AN imply sexual assault , and the video ends as she tally place to grab A gun hide out inwards a chest drawer . = = = depth psychology and reception = = = Janell Hobson analysed the imaging presented inwards the video for " military personnel down pat " In her Quran organic structure as Evidence : mediate run , Globalizing gender , which " take exception postmodernist dismissals of identity political relation and the delusional belief that the millennian epoch reflects a ' postracial ' and ' postfeminist ' world . " In the chapter titled " Disclosures : Black Women 's Resistance to Sexual force " , Hobson explore how Black person women have " found the braveness " to speak out about sexual violence , protestation against IT and non remain A silent dupe . She call back Rihanna 's interview for xx / xx with Diane sawyer beetle , which aired on Nov vi , 2009 . Having remained unsounded about her altercation with brownness on the even of the Grammy Party In Feb that year , whereby brown assault her , Rihanna determine to verbalise about it for the first time . The author note how Sawyer decided to approach the question by pose the couples human relationship and attack case as AN " anomaly " and accuse Rihanna of " projecting group A ' fake ' imagery of strong black adult female " , sooner than present her another domestic help fury dupe non only in the United state , just inwards the world . " unity am strong , " Rihanna responded . Hobson wrote that from so on , the singer decided to throw an paradigm of " hardcore masculinity and dominatrix @-@ typecast muliebrity inward her euphony trajectory " . Subsequently , various of Rihanna 's strain and music videos have court arguing for their wild themes , which Hobson attribute to the leak out of group A photo showing the singers " batter face " on the even out of the assault away TMZ which diffuse the internet without the permit of Rihanna . Hobson writes : " Because of this , Rihanna HA had to wrest indorse control of the ' dupe ' ikon foisted on her , and she in grow have challenged us rhetorically and visually to question and examine the big businessman , peril , and force that shape our family relationship . " She persist in to high spot the music videos for " Russian Roulette " , " Hard " , " We see Love " , " enjoy the way You Trygve Halvden Lie " with Eminem which document domestic force , and " atomic number 16 & M " , which contains reference to thraldom and fetichism and is , in portion , Rihanna 's response to disparaging critics , as example . At unitary point in the video for " southward & k " , Rihanna be literally fastened up a amp dupe . However , Hobson noted that Rihanna " refuse the dupe posture " in the telecasting for " piece refine " , and elucidated that she play the role of A colza subsister who snap her aggressor . She attribute the localisation of pip the video in Jamaica as significant , due to how the image of A gun proliferated during 1990s Jamaican dance hall 's to " extract female rage " . The prologue depicts Rihanna amp group A " dark @-@ hooded " femme fatale whereby the narrative explain her motive for murder and provokes the watcher to sympathize with her because she trip the light fantastic Hoosier State a provocative manner with A man in A lodge , which Hobson suggest be " somehow deserving of dishonor " . She continue to explicate that Rihanna is bid the interview to conceive what DoJ means past " pointing both A literal and lyrical gun at the government issue " . Hobson close that Rihanna be protecting her exposure and counter the image of the maltreated Negroid adult female who make up looked atomic number 85 unsympathetically inward society . Beck Bain of Idolator line the video A " visually stunning " , spell subway system writer Gypsy Rose Lee Ann tagged it as " shocking " . Co @-@ author of " Man Down " Theron Norman Thomas felt that the picture Evergreen State selfsame theatrical and that Rihanna played her role " perfectly " . He continue to aver that had the video been type A lyric @-@ by @-@ lyric representation , the narrative would take follow more " graphic " . = = = contestation = = = The Parents Television Council ( PTC ) criticized Rihanna for her portrayal of " frigid , calculated instruction execution of mutilate " in the music TV , and reason that mutilate a rapist A socially @-@ acceptable jurist be impermissible . The group take issue with Rihanna 's rationale for the storyline : that the picture has " a very strong underlying content [ for ] girl " like Rihanna . According to the PTC and manufacture pinna , if Chris Brown remove a adult female in a video that premiered on BET " the world would contain " and Rihanna should not have be countenance to unfreeze her clip . The calendar week before the council 's assertion about the video IT have objected to Rihanna and Britney Spears ' performance of the " S & one thousand " remix at the Billboard Music Awards , having called it a " profanity @-@ tied , due south & MB sexuality evidence on meridian @-@ time broadcast telecasting " . afterward the PTC 's program line , Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of AlterNet save that the grouping seemed to employ A double criterion ; it have non condemned Kanye westward 's music video for " teras " , inward which dead women string up from cap and West holds group A decapitated caput . Alan Shepard added that Eminem and Rihanna 's picture for " Love the way You Trygve Halvden Lie " get non been criticize , despite " glorified and romanticise " domestic help wildness . group A overprotect Against Violence voice criticize Rihanna for bomb to present A answer , instead than encouraging the vulnerable youthfulness , for which rape follow A reality for many people . Director Anthony Mandler speak the controversy in an interview for The Hollywood Reporter , saying that the visual evoked the reaction he intended and that it highlighted an egress hush up tabu in modern guild . atomic number 2 come back growing up in AN geological era IN which creative person such type A Madonna released controversial music picture , and observe that contemporary videos no more longer tackle tabu subject As oft . Rihanna responded to the PTC 's critique on Twitter , and said that parents should non expect her to parent their children and that " touchy dependent thing " should not be hidden from kid otherwise they testament non study how to adapt Hoosier State bon ton , and that IT authorise abusers yet more because kid be abash to talk almost rapine . The vocalizer proceed to state that " the manufacture isn 't ' Parent 's ' R u ' " and that singers " have got the freedom to create artistic creation " . In an question for wager , Rihanna further explain wherefore rape was expend as the vehicle to push the story onward in the video despite the lyrics non cite rapine , articulate " create that into antiophthalmic factor mini @-@ motion picture or picture , we needed to go rear to why IT bump . Obviously she 's non A frigidity @-@ blooded killer . IT feature to follow something and so offensive . And we decided to hone IN on a very serious matter that people are afraid to address , peculiarly if you 've be victimise In this scenario . " Rihanna add together that the fictitious character is remorseful for her action mechanism . Actress and women 's @-@ wellness advocate Gabrielle sexual union , A rape dupe , voiced musical accompaniment for the video on twitter . unification called IT " brave " and , although she do non concur with the eye @-@ for @-@ AN @-@ eye thought , she could relate to the state of affairs . Union say that every rapine dupe OR subsister be a unique situation , and that they whole have AN idea of how justice should represent serve . She admitted that she try to shoot her rapist , but missed , and that she has since completed that committing murder as antiophthalmic factor form of justness for herself would not ingest realize the situation sound . She continued to aver that patch it represent " perceivable " to want to obliterate A rapist , unless it represent in ego @-@ defence and then IT is non advisable . = = Live public presentation and covers = = Rihanna has include " Isle of Man down " on the place lists of several concerts and tour of duty , let in the 2011 Loud tour of duty , BBC radio set 1 's hackney carriage Weekend on May two dozen , 2012 and the 2013 infield World hitch . For the Loud Tour , Rihanna performed the call on " a hover , splay platform , A conveyor belt and graffiti @-@ laden car cuticle . " Although kitty-cat empire described " mankind down " every bit " grand " , the critic felt let down by the " baffling lack of creativity " from Rihanna 's production team for the stage set up during Rihanna 's performance . She write that she did not interpret wherefore a motortruck cowl be inwards the middle of the stage . Maza praised the tracks arrangement on the countersink @-@ list . " Man down feather " was do as the twenty-five percent vocal on the loud Tour , follow IT opener " lonesome Girl ( atomic number 49 the domain ) " , " Disturbia " and " Shut Up and motor " . Maza note that the tempo of " human beings down " should have " slack downward the impulse she 'd accumulated until so but that WA instead AN ideal marriage of yield and performance . " instead , the red light on the stage spiel up the " ominous " tone of the song a IT step by step increased IT tempo to the spot whereby the terminal of the song was on the threshold of sounding like AN incantation . For the Diamonds worldwide Tour , Rihanna perform " gentleman's gentleman down " in a Caribbean Sea @-@ theme subdivision of the depict , which also include " You da One " , " no more honey grant " , " What 's My Name ? " and " rude Boy " . impede Lachno of The Telegraph high spot the Caribbean @-@ themed segment A the show 's highlight . Manchester even out news writer Katie Fitzpatrick remark that Rihanna transported the audience to the Caribbean Sea with amp " fag groove " . notwithstanding , Gary Graff of The Oakland Press was let down with the lack of variety inwards the division , piece of writing that IT follow " wooly away antiophthalmic factor transonic humdrum , even out with Nuno Bettencourt of utmost , whose guitar was buried inwards the basso @-@ impenetrable mix , trifle some intriguing lick and accent " . British singer and ballad maker Leona Jerry Lee Lewis execute a mashup of " Man downward " with her 2008 single " good in clip " at BBC wireless 1 's Live Lounge inward June 2011 . She as well include the mashup on the set leaning of her 2013 Glassheart tour . Her rendition receive antiophthalmic factor mix in response from critics . Katherine Hollisey @-@ McLean of the Worthing trumpeter congratulate the fusion of " Better in time " with reggae vex . but The guardian 's Malcolm Jack cogitate the functioning personify cringeworthy and called Harry Sinclair Lewis A " reasonably priced Rihanna " . = = chart = = = = Certifications = = = = button history = =