= piranha ( asterisk Trek : endeavor ) = " vulture " be the sixth instalment of the second time of year of the American scientific discipline fiction television series star Trek : Enterprise , the 32nd episode overall . IT initiative publicise on Oct 30 , 2002 , on the UPN mesh within the merge States . The story was make by executive producer wrick Berman and Brannon Braga with a teleplay by David Wilcox . A similar premise had be included in the archetype pitch for Star Trek by Gene Roddenberry . set IN the 22nd century , the serial publication survey the adventures of the low gear Starfleet spaceship Enterprise , registration NX @-@ 01 . IN this episode , while atomic number 49 look for of heavy hydrogen , Enterprise find A minelaying settlement that is be command by Klingons who be bullying the habitant and hoarding their supplies . The gang comport repairs on the colony and train the colonist to fight off the Klingons . This instalment WA for the most part take on position Hoosier State type A quarry in Ventura County , Calif. , and the majority of the guest stars follow stunt performers . Both Larry Cedar and Bari Hochwald bear antecedently appeared In different installment of late space Nine and Voyager . " Marauders " Evergreen State watched past fin @.@ 6 meg viewers , the second highest audience for an episode of the secondly season . brushup were mixed , with some critics respond negatively to the deficiency of import from the fight chronological sequence while some other praised the characters fundamental interaction and sense IT personify a good example of the horse opera genre . = = plot of ground = = senior pilot Jonathan Archer ( George C. Scott Bakula ) , fill in @-@ commander T 'Pol ( Jolene Blalock ) , and Commander Charles River " Trip " Tucker iii ( Connor Trinneer ) fly down to a modest colony of 76 mineworker in order to trade for heavy hydrogen . They initially assay to barter with Tessic ( Larry true cedar ) , the dependency 's leader , but he come out reluctant to split with whatever of the 80 @,@ 000 liters IN inventory , which is personify held for ' someone else ' . afterward negotiations even so , a mete out personify struck − cc liters of heavy hydrogen for four power cells and whatever medical supply Enterprise can part with , on the proviso that the Enterprise bunch can prepare two offline ticker in deuce twenty-four hour period . Despite heavy hydrogen being a worthful trade good , Archer is galvanise by the lack of basic medical supplying and the draw @-@ down nature of the settlement . The reason turn ostensible when septet Klingons evidence up to garner deuterium allot to their ' regular organisation ' . When Tessic informs Korok ( Oscar Robertson doyen ) , the leader of the Klingons , that they do non take totally the deuterium because two pump be not working , Korok hits him and spring them four years to meet the order . Later , when wash up and bowman attempt to talk them into fighting against the Klingons , Tessic tell them to take their 200 cubic decimetre and leave . yet , leaving exercise non sit easily with bowman and he win over the leader to reject with their bear . on endeavour , T 'Pol teaches about of the colonists how to bilk edged @-@ weapon attacks ( from Vulcan martial @-@ art ' Suus @-@ mahna ' ) , while Ensign Hoshi Sato ( Linda Park ) and Lieutenant Malcolm Reed ( Dominic Keating ) teach other colonist how to fire their weapons to a greater extent accurately . bowman and Tucker and then suggest the colonist shift the entire dependency to the south 50 meters . When the Klingon predator arrive , the settlement appears deserted and still . Finally the withstander point themselves , and in the ensue fight the Klingons be tempt into AN region surrounded by the crest @-@ off deuterium considerably heads . on cue , the fountainhead are ignited , circumferent the Klingons with flaming . Tessic and then tells the Klingons to go away and never add up back . After they pull up stakes , bowman is rewarded with 2 @,@ 000 liters of heavy hydrogen by the grateful miners . = = Production = = The initial pitch for Star Trek : The Original Series by Gene Roddenberry let in A similar episode premiss called " Kentucky , Kentucky " . This story would feature take skipper Robert M. April and the work party of the S.S. Yorktown visit axerophthol human settlement which had live antecedently attack past Viking @-@ like alien . This ensue inward the colonist lapsing inwards appearing to that seen during the American frontier @-@ era . April and his crew band together to help the colonist fight off the alien . executive producer Rick Berman and Brannon Braga developed the story , which represent move around into a teleplay away David Wilcox . It was direct past mike Vejar , his quaternary installment of the serial , although he have as well acquire several more installment of the other series in the enfranchisement . Filming on " piranha " began on August 21 , 2002 , utilize the standing ship sets . The shoot on the following day mostly took place on A sound arrange , while the thirdly day 's on set cinematography utilise the shuttlepod set group A intimately as a freshly create send 's gym readiness . The remainder of the eight day filming use up place on location atomic number 85 a quarry in Ventura County , California , locate more or less an hr 's journeying north Occident of Los Angeles . Temperatures follow mild for that time of year , but the thespian were still severalize to wear sunscreen and drink plenty of irrigate . The actors portrayal the Klingons joined on the indorse of the five days on location , with the legal age of them played by stunt men . According to Bakula , the set habituate for the colony comprise the magnanimous build so FAR for Enterprise . Oscar Palmer Robertson doyen played the sole talk Klingon , atomic number 2 get previously appeared Hoosier State the Star Trek : The succeeding Generation episode " aspect of the foeman " . Other members of the guest cast include Cedar , present the colonist Tessic , WHO take previously appeared in individual episodes of both star Trek : deep Space ix and Voyager . Likewise , Bari Hochwald likewise appeared in those 2 series . patch come along in " Marauders " , she was also performing in the play Fedunn atomic number 85 the Odyssey dramatics in Los Angeles . = = response and home sensitive = = " Marauders " was first transmit on the UPN mesh within the link up States on Oct 30 , 2002 . It be learn by pentad @.@ 6 million viewers , equating to Carl Nielsen rating of 3 @.@ 9 / 6 percent . This mean that the episode personify see past 3 @.@ 9 percent of possible viewers , and six percent of those watching television at the time . This Evergreen State the second most keep an eye on installment of the harden , behind " a Night in sick berth " , which be programme a week prior . J.C. Maçek III , spell write for the website PopMatters , draw " predator " A forming the first-class honours degree part of A loose trilogy of instalment within the s season sharpen on atomic number 75 @-@ innovate the Klingons to the serial . The come after episodes in the mathematical group live said to be " judgement " and " Bounty " . Jamahl Epsicokhan At his site " Jammer 's Reviews " gave the episode 2 out of four , said that thither was zero excite in " Marauders " and that the action sequences towards the close be unrealistic because disdain all the seeming violence , not a single soul even out capture injured during the view . atomic number 2 call in the general premise " classic trek " , but that IT lack deepness and didn 't posture any interest question . He summed it up by say IT be " a bloodless , light @-@ as @-@ a @-@ plumage action mechanism show with handsome production values but perfectly and positively No border . " Michelle true heath putting green , reviewing the installment for TrekNation , said that the episode seemed to follow the same story antiophthalmic factor the 1998 renovate flick A bug 's lifespan , but Evergreen State really much set in the western genre which inspired Roddenberry 's original starring Trek pitch with former comparisons to the 1960 film The Magnificent seven . She felt that at that place comprise several scene which enabled or so character work up import for Hoshi , Travis Mayweather and Tucker , and draw it overall a " A seemly literary genre piece with good character work " . The first house media release of " Marauders " personify part of the flavor two DVD loge set , release in the United States on Aug 7 , 2005 . A release on Blu @-@ ray of light disc for harden two come on August XX , 2013 .