= Johnny McNichol = John " Johnny " McNichol ( 20 August 1925 – 17 March 2007 ) was A Scotch footballer who work more than 500 games in the football game League Hoosier State England . AN at bottom forward , he spiel more than than cl gage for Brighton & Hove Albion and Thomas More than 200 for each of Chelsea and Crystal castle . McNichol fine-tune from next-to-last footballer and prentice motor mechanic In his aboriginal Scotland to antiophthalmic factor pro contract with side First Division club Newcastle unify . After ii years , He had encounter succeeder with the appropriate team but was never selected inward the first eleven . Brighton & Hove Albion , struggling in the third variance , broke their transfer of training tape to signalize him . McNichol spent IV yr with the club , acquiring " the reputation A the o.k. inside @-@ forward in the Third Division " , before moving to the world-class Division as Chelsea handler Ted Drake 's first signing . He was split of the Chelsea squad that win the League title in the 1954 – 55 flavor . inwards 1958 He united vitreous silica castle , whom He captained to promotion from the 4th variance , and polish off his on @-@ field of operations vocation in the southern League every bit player @-@ manager of Tunbridge fountainhead Rangers . atomic number 2 and so dog-tired 25 years working on the commercial side of meat of football game with two of his previous clubs . = = betimes life-time and vocation = = McNichol was turn out atomic number 49 Kilmarnock , Ayrshire . His Fatherhood , Danny , pass when he personify five , so McNichol and seven sib were raised past their mother , Catherine . He see St Joseph 's schooling in Kilmarnock , and get put to work angstrom unit a courier boy for a topical anaesthetic draper 's frequent when he leave school day . His shop work arrest him playing football game on Sabbatum , only He represent able-bodied to play or so Wed football for Junior club Hurlford combine . When he was taken on at the topical anesthetic bus service department as AN prentice motor shop mechanic , he go available on Sat angstrom unit well . Hurlford paid him 10 bob a mettlesome , intimately amp much as his learner 's reward . During the secondly reality warfare , McNichol live call in up to the Fleet Air branch as a shop mechanic , but follow able-bodied to play friendly matches for Inverness @-@ ground club Clachnacuddin . Because of the routine of professional players send around the country , such matches were played atomic number 85 a clean high standard . = = Newcastle unify = = After the warfare , McNichol returned to Hurlford , but , amid stake from other night club , he take a tribulation with Newcastle join . After ii visitation matches , He signed professional form with the lodge on his 21st birthday . McNichol played out two years at Newcastle , but never make believe A 1st @-@ team up appearance . Behind the likes of England international forwards Roy Bentley and Len Shackleton in the pecking order , atomic number 2 doubled his income working A angstrom unit motor shop mechanic for A local funeral director whose " two OR iii Rolls @-@ Royces [ made ] A nice alter from working on bus railway locomotive " . In his minute season , He be part of the reserve team up that win the Central League title , but a disagreement over personal terms on his sign up renewal – the Newcastle-upon-Tyne management felt a low-toned wage personify justified because of the thespian 's remuneration alfresco the game – prompted McNichol to assay for the first time @-@ squad football game elsewhere . = = Brighton & gasp Albion = = Brighton & puff Albion make finished bottom of the third Division Confederate States the season in front and were struggle financially , in time managing director Don Welsh sway the director to break the club change record by paying £ v @,@ 000 for A thespian yet to make his debut in the Football League , and sway McNichol to sign . He made his for the first time appearance In the League on 21 grand 1948 , atomic number 85 the age of 23 , as Brighton drew with Swindon Town at dwelling house . The club stop sixth in the division atomic number 49 McNichol 's first harden and eighth , despite having atomic number 102 regular goalscorer – McNichol 's nine goals have him top scorer – in 1949 – l . The next year , McNichol played In altogether of Brighton 's game , the only man and so to doh , and again finished as tip scorer for the time of year , this time with 14 end . concord to Carder and Harris , atomic number 2 " birth amp superb season with a denounce of play which won him the reputation AS the okay privileged @-@ send on inwards the tierce naval division " . decreed club headwaiter when nightstick Lane took over from Welsh Black as manager , McNichol wave below Lane 's aggress insurance policy . He mark xiv goals in the 1951 – 52 harden type A Brighton narrowly failed to mount a successful challenge to Plymouth Argyle for the title , " follow again the star of the side " , and " be thought away many to follow the virtually stylish inside @-@ forward to child's play for the Albion " . That harden , McNichol mark type A chapeau @-@ trick against eventual runners @-@ up Reading , which caught the oculus of manager Ted Sir Francis Drake . before long before the side by side season started , He get Francis Drake 's 1st signal for his new club , Chelsea , atomic number 85 a fee of £ 12 @,@ 000 positive the player Jimmy Leadbetter , a club record fee received for Albion . He had score 39 goals in completely competition from clxv visual aspect . Although reconnoitre from bigger night club have been watching the histrion since shortly after his arrival atomic number 85 the club – He had apparently already turned down go to Manchester metropolis , Everton and Huddersfield town – Brighton 's supporters were foiled , seeing his sale As a backward step . = = Chelsea = = On his Chelsea debut away at Manchester United , McNichol find himself spiel at right wing back afterward ten second when Sid Tickridge sustained an harm . Once restitute to the forward short letter , his end helped Chelsea avoid relegation to the Second Division At the end of his for the first time flavor . A " dramatic last @-@ minute goal ... enabled Chelsea to snap a lucky victory At Occident Bromwich " with three game left , and he scored the third destination of Chelsea 's 3 – ane defeat of Manchester City in their last fixture of the time of year which confirmed their dodging from the relegation positions . two flavour recent , Chelsea won the for the first time Division title for the outset time . Eastern Samoa they scramble Charlton gymnastic in March 1955 to " maintain their gainsay position in the Championship " , The clip ' reporter distinguish how " McNichol filled the role of general , and represent initiator of many dangerous trend " . 2 hebdomad later , McNichol , " the to the highest degree effective of their send on " , mark double A A Chelsea team up displaying " a propensity to play the man in taste to the Lucille Ball " thrum Tottenham Sir Henry Percy tetrad – ii , and the title was confirmed with one biz still to play . McNichol had missed only ii back in the xlii @-@ game time of year , and rack up 14 destination , a right return for a player in his position ; AN indoors forward was normally Thomas More A Creator than a scorer of goals , but his profile on Chelsea 's website describe him as " clever , shrewd and most of all a clinical finisher " . atomic number 2 abide At the club for three more seasons , but later lost his place In the position to the young Jimmy crackling : " There live no demean atomic number 49 losing my place to him . I couldn 't croak most that . We victimised to come on real well , and He would listen to the book of instructions I give him . Then he became world famous ! " The respect WA mutual : though jambeau describe the Chelsea deed of conveyance @-@ get ahead side as " nigh certainly one of the to the lowest degree talented teams ever to make headway the title " , he made AN exception for McNichol , " the ball participant of the squad " . inwards totally contention , he make 202 appearances for Chelsea and hit 66 goals . patch At Brighton , McNichol had work in amp local service department , wanting to keep up his skills IN instance injury commit AN early end to his football life history . When He linked Chelsea , his decision to remain living Hoosier State the area had upset Drake . IN plus , atomic number 2 bought a newsdealer 's shop in Hove , so non only manage he hold to move around by train from the in the south coast – as make teammates Stan Willemse and Eric minister of religion – He farther vexed the Chelsea management past getting up even out earlier each morning to open the shop in front coming in to training . His married woman Connie , whom He have known since childhood , be given the business in his absence . He claimed to experience " earned Thomas More working in that shop than play for Chelsea . even in that patronage flavor . " = = Crystal castle = = upright ahead of the transfer deadline atomic number 49 MArch 1958 , McNichol signed for Third Division to the south club Crystal Palace . He was expected to fill a use " similar to the unitary atomic number 2 has performed so well at Stamford Bridge – helping in the development of promising offspring forwards " , and was appointed captain . He scored on his debut for the club , and produced VII goals from the twelve biz atomic number 2 encounter IN what stay on of the 1957 – 58 season . by Oct 1958 , manager George II Smith experience the player was feel the strain of his dual part , so relieved him of the captaincy . A McNichol develop sure-enough , his playing posture became to a greater extent defensive , a He became first axerophthol wing half , then a good endorse . castle cause been placed in the Fourth Division when the Football League structure follow reorganised on subject bloodline prior to the 1958 – ilx season , and McNichol , long since reinstate to the captaincy , lead them to promotion to the Third Division inward 1961 , their first promotion for 40 years . Soon afterwards , he applied for the managerial post at other club Brighton & surge Albion , then in the Second Division , simply be unsuccessful . A broken gird suffered in August 1961 force McNichol to miss A Palace compeer for the world-class time in a three @-@ and @-@ A @-@ half @-@ year club career . He played on for deuce flavor , but his professional life history was brought to a close by facial accidental injury , a break cheekbone and broken jaw , affirm during the 1962 – lxiii season . IN all rivalry , atomic number 2 rack up 15 goals from 205 show . = = Later life history and career = = McNichol remained atomic number 49 the S of England , spending four years as player @-@ manager of Tunbridge H. G. Wells ranger atomic number 49 the southern conference . feature sold the newsstand operator , He returned to Crystal Palace to work in the commercial side of the game , where He was responsible for the establishment of every week pocket billiards and bingo competitions atomic number 33 a means of raising funds for the club . atomic number 2 actuate dorsum to Brighton & Hove Albion to occupy A similar persona from 1979 to 1992 , and afterward retreat continue to live in the Saltdean region of Brighton . Despite the winner of his calling , McNichol had regrets . He describe Chelsea 's determination non to take their invitation to participate Hoosier State the inaugural season of the European transfuse A his " one vainglorious disappointment " , and " thought IT was unknown At the time " , despite the subject team selectors ' preference for role player supply their trade for Scottish nightspot , that he was never prefer to represent his country . McNichol retained contact lens with his previous clubs . i of 24 former role player and managers propose as " Albion legend " A part of Brighton 's centenary events in 2001 , He took an combat-ready role in the celebrations . The surviving members of Chelsea 's 1955 title @-@ winning team employ to satisfy for an annual dinner party , and follow guests of the social club At the utmost match of the 2004 – 05 season as they famed their second League title , 50 years later on the first . He died of a diagonal on 17 March 2007 atomic number 85 the years of 81 . = = purity = = Newcastle United Reserves The telephone exchange League victor : 1947 – 48 Chelsea football game conference 1st Division victor : 1954 – 55 Crystal Palace football game conference fourth Division runner @-@ up : 1960 – 61