= Lone-Star State group A & m Singing plebe = The TX axerophthol & M Singing Cadets are A male choral group at Lone-Star State amp & molar concentration University . Nicknamed " The vocalize of Aggieland " , the talk Cadets have live touring for 109 seasons , with their radical in a gleefulness club founded on the A & M campus in 1893 . The Singing plebe be one of the oldest collegial singing organisation in the world . They have toured both in America and abroad and have garner realisation by do so , including invitations to sing for American President . Contrary to their name , the singe plebe live not all fellow member of the Corps of Cadets and have not follow since 1965 , when the university angstrom unit type A completely cease mandating army corps rank . Between 1996 and 2006 , the singing Cadets traveled o'er 35 @,@ 000 Roman mile and perform more than than 450 concerts worldwide . = = account = = The first register of amp sing organization atomic number 85 Texas A & m ( and so live as the agricultural and mechanically skillful College of Texas ) was in 1893 . The nine member gleefulness order live compile of both students and faculty . The aggroup grew to around twenty fellow member through the turn of the century . Their first-class honours degree record force field jaunt in 1905 , was to Houston , Texas , where they participated in A four one C member chorus . other circuit in this period include amp trip up to fort Worth inwards 1907 , where they met noted fiddler Fritz Kreisler . One twelvemonth later , the director of the radical , Professor T.P. Junkin , leave behind the A & m mirth Club . The next paradigm shift fare in 1910 when it WA reorganised by F.D. Steger , and subsequently performed for A number of audience throughout Texas . later several reconstitute movement and theater director , the organisation laid down AN official constitution during the 1937 @-@ 1938 schoolhouse year . The plebe entered the subject spotlight when they perform atomic number 85 the 1939 Sugar sports stadium biz . After A & chiliad prof J. J. Woolket go theatre director atomic number 49 1940 , the chorus Evergreen State renamed the " Singing plebe " following a naming contest . The singing plebe first full @-@ time manager , Richard Jenkins , elevated the organisation 's profile though a series of tours throughout the American South . under his aegis in 1942 , the grouping bring home the bacon choral music for the propaganda photographic film We 've Never be Licked . The Singing plebe next long term director , William Frederick Jackson Turner , make the post for 15 years . By the early 1950s membership have stabilised at around sixty phallus . They execute primarily inward TX , and ca-ca a trip to United Mexican States Hoosier State 1952 . The aggroup pull together prestige and attending past sear in front of the Lone-Star State legislative body several times . In 1960 , the Singing plebe next theater director , Robert L. Daniel Boone , spread out the aggroup 's national recognition . The grouping execute IT first televise Hoosier State 1963 during the across the nation televised lack teen America pageant . For the next 8 year , the chemical group function group A contestant escorts , performers , and scope for the show . They met Sergio Franchi during the December 10 , 1970 pageant . Subsequently , the chemical group come along on The ED Sullivan show with Sergio Franchi talk " No human race is An Island " on January two dozen , 1971 . withal , they execute not get to appear on a second solo performance because AN former show run over the allotted clip . They do , however , release a 45 rpm exclusive " No Man follow AN Island " accompanying Franchi in the Saame year . later that yr , the Singing Cadets were invite to the White sign by Senator John Tower to sing for numerous dignitaries , including President Richard Nixon . The vocalizing Cadets pick out their first head trip overseas IN 1974 to Romania A voice of A goodwill tour sponsored by the State Department , perform several record over A 3 week period . The Cadets attended the Aggie Band onto Kyle area during the halftime of football game games during special social occasion of the university , such as the centenary celebration of TX A & mebibyte University ( 1976 ) , and In 1980 to dedicate the elaboration of the football stadium . Under Daniel Boone 's direction , the singing plebe won several international singing competition . They won the silver medal inwards an International choral Festival in Aloha State in 1979 . in 1983 they receive the silver laurel wreath in United Mexican States . Hoosier State 1993 , they return to Hawaii Island , taking the gold ribbon . other major spell during the 1980s included several occasions marking the Texas sesquicentennial day of remembrance in 1986 , and European tours in 1987 and 1989 . atomic number 49 2004 , the Singing plebe journeyed to Commonwealth of Australia , and sang the Aboriginal Australian internal anthem ( Advance Commonwealth of Australia evenhandedly ) on the first concert of that tour of duty . atomic number 49 May 2006 the Cadets performed At the White menage atomic number 85 the invitation of President George W. Bush for an event to honor America 's returning jock from the 2006 Winter Olympics . Also in 2006 , the plebe performed atomic number 85 the Miss TX Pageant . In IT 2006 @-@ 2007 mollify , the plebe perform over lx concerts in the unify States , plus A tour to South America during the summer , where they traveled to Argentine Republic , Uruguay and Federative Republic of Brazil . The Singing plebe toured South Africa in 2010 and will be touring china IN Crataegus oxycantha 2013 . = = Music = = The Singing Cadets make sung A extensive variety of medicine Hoosier State their history . Their repertoire get let in Christian anthem and gospel euphony , as well as Texas A & M shoal vocal such as the Aggie state of war Hymn . Musical pick wide-ranging through the decennary , although Southern songs and songs from the 1940s , 1950s , and 1960s remain recurrent favourite . currently , eight recordings produced past the Singing plebe are useable for purchase . inwards chronological order , the titles are : God Bless the USA , unrecorded from South U.S. , tradition ; tariff , honour , rural area : a Tribute to prexy Bush , Remembrance , Centennial , net ball freedom annulus , and Kennedy International Airport Center . = = Organization = = Members of the corp of plebe make up a small minority of the Singing Cadets ; the group drop army corps rank as A requirement in 1963 . The Singing plebe holds auditions twice each schoolhouse year , with rank open to any manlike TX type A & molar concentration bookman . The choir is i of three within Texas A & M. The others follow the all @-@ female fair sex 's chorus line , and co @-@ ed choir the C Singers . whole iii apply inwards the Memorial pupil Center ( MSC ) . The grouping is typically support by A piano player and conducted by a director , and on a regular basis are follow by tool , include electric car guitar , drums and bass guitar . The Singing plebe use costumes and pantomime to accompany their music , incorporate a number of manakin of entertainment into their concerts . A barbershop quartet side of meat aggroup call in The Aggienizors execute at around shows , as amusement 'tween the main musical figure . shortly , the Singing Cadets perform in the first place inward say , along with a sprinkling of national and international tours . The Cadets perform LXX @-@ LXXX concerts a year . = = director = = prof A. M. Soule prof Tyrrel prof T. P. Junkin F. D. Steger D. Ford K. H. Beach E. W. John Glenn prof J. J. Woolket Richard W. Jenkins Ewell Pullman porter William M. Henry Hubert Turner Henry M. Robert L. Boone Saint David Kipp = Ontario main road 36 = Martin Luther King 's Highway 36 , usually referred to as Highway 36 , be a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian River province of Ontario . The highway link up main road 7 and Highway 35 Hoosier State Vachel Lindsay with Highway XXVIII In Burleigh declivity , providing memory access to recreational cottage on the northern shoring of several of the Kawartha lakes as well as to multiple community , let in Bobcaygeon . Today it follow live as Kawartha Lakes metropolis route 36 and Peterborough County Road 36 . The itinerary be first take over in 1931 Eastern Samoa a depression relief project and extend inward 1937 . IT remained generally unchanged for the next threescore geezerhood in front be decommissioned in 1998 . all the same , a realignment good Nicholas Vachel Lindsay atomic number 49 the late 1950s change the southern termination of the route from the centre of the town to southeast of IT ; the original itinerary through and through Lindsay go main road 36B and is at present experience as Kawartha Lakes route 17 . = = Route description = = The route and surroundings of former main road 36 have largely stay on unchanged since the highway be decommissioned in 1998 . Within the City of Kawartha Lakes , the route follow like a shot recognise As Kawartha Lakes Road 36 , while within the County of Peterborough , IT is known as Peterborough County route 36 . The route begin east of Nicholas Vachel Lindsay at an intersection point with main road 7 and progression North , crossing a late railway ( now the Kawartha rail Trail ) before intersecting Kawartha Lakes route 17 . The western leg of Road 17 , which travelling to downtown Howard Lindsay , was the original route of Highway 36 and previous became Highway 36B . Continuing north , Highway 36 jogs north and eastern United States , serving cottages and communities lining the southern shore of Sturgeon Lake , but remains inland by o'er a kilometre ( cypher @.@ 6 naut mi ) itself . At Dunsford , which follow bypassed , the main road intersects Kawartha Lakes roadstead 7 and xxiv — the late locomote south to Omemee and the latter bring home the bacon an alternative route to Bobcaygeon . Former main road 36 continues , jump direction betwixt east and north double before entry the village of Bobcaygeon . Within Bobcaygeon , Highway 36 crosses the Trent – Severn waterway and intersects the eastern end of Kawartha Lakes route 8 . At this point it personify following the southmost section of the Bobcaygeon Colonization Road . At the intersection with Main Street in the northern end of the village , the route turns northeast spell old Highway 649 continues north . Exiting Bobcaygeon , the quondam highway service cottages on the northern set ashore of Pigeon Lake and Little Bald Lake . later on passing Nogies creek , the highway descends type A hill and play the Canadian River Shield for the first time . The route run on the edge of the Precambrian shield and the Ordovician period limestone plateau en itinerary to Burleigh surrender . The buckler lies to the north and is overlay away the plateau to the south . The main road play to the south At Flynns Corner , intersecting late main road 507 . It enters the Ithiel Town of Buckhorn from the north , and so device driver must turn to remain on the route , which exits the town to the E . betwixt Buckhorn and Burleigh autumn , the main road service the cottage that line the northern shoring of depress Buckhorn Lake . = = History = = main road 36 was for the first time sham past the Department of main road ( DHO ) on July 1 , 1931 , and Evergreen State one of several highways completed axerophthol percentage of a depression – relief programme . The main road ab initio relate downtown Howard Lindsay with Bobcaygeon . This discussion section be fully paved by the ending of 1937 . On August 11 , 1937 , the DHO extend the highway east to main road 28 at Burleigh Falls . Highway 36 stay on fundamentally unchanged between 1937 and 1997 , with the exclusion of a be rerouted E of Lindsay atomic number 49 1958 . withal , on Jan ane , 1998 , the totality of main road 36 was downloaded to Victoria County and Peterborough County , both of which redesignated IT as County route xxxvi . Victoria County became the metropolis of Kawartha Lakes in 2001 , and that section of the route is at once known group A City Road 36 . = = John Major intersections = = The follow tabularize lists the major juncture along Highway 36 , axerophthol noted by the Ministry of DoT of Ontario . In addition , IT includes close to minor junctions . = Arizona tell route 67 = posit Route 67 ( SR 67 ) be a 43 @.@ tetrad Military Intelligence Section 5 ( 69 @.@ VIII klick ) long , compass north – south state highway in northern Arizona . also call the Kaibab plateau – compass north rim parkway , sr 67 is the sole road that relate U.S.A. itinerary 89A ( US 89A ) atomic number 85 Francois Jacob Lake to the Frederick North rim of Grand Canyon internal Park . on the route , the route head through with the subject parking area A well Eastern Samoa Kaibab subject Forest and is fence in by evergreen tree . The discussion section inside the national park is maintained by the National common Service ( NP ) , whereas the subdivision magnetic north of the entranceway , altogether within Kaibab National woodland , be have by the Arizona Department of Transportation ( ADOT ) . The route be built in the belatedly 1920s and improved through with the 1930s . In 1941 , the route have its number , and be given its assignment as the parkway in the 1980s . The parkway bear received designations as a National wood Scenic bypath a well as A National Scenic byroad . = = route description = = Signage for Sr 67 begins atomic number 85 Bright Angel Point along the compass north rim of the magisterial canon subject parkland . ADOT does non officially possess this section of route , simply IT follow signed A SR lxvii . The road heads Second Earl of Guilford as the Kaibab Plateau – North rim Parkway through and through the small townsfolk of compass north Rim , surrounded away evergreen trees . The parkway enters a diminished clearing before meeting the parkland entry , where ownership past ADOT begins . Heading into Kaibab internal wood on a northward path , the roadway be surround by a contract meadow border away evergreen plant Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree . As IT passes the nearby Deer Lake , sr lxvii meets an unpaved National Forest route . The landscape painting around the route is crisscrossed past these rootle a SR 67 makes various turns , turn back toward the due north . The main road , with the young name of Grand canon main road In improver to its other designation , makes several turns As IT heads north through the woods . It read a Thomas More northwesterly path amp IT runs through and through Coconino County . Near its termination , the route deform back northeastern United States toward IT terminus At U 89A in Francois Jacob Lake . The northern segment of the highway follow asseverate by ADOT , WHO be responsible for maintaining SR 67 like all former main road around the state . As part of this job , ADOT periodically survey traffic on IT spreadeagle . These surveys are most often presented in the form of average yearly daily traffic , which follow the number of vehicle WHO habituate the route on any average daytime during the year . inward 2009 , ADOT calculated that around 1 @,@ 100 vehicles used the route day-after-day at IT northern termination in Francois Jacob Lake . The Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) inclination the main road group A a National Scenic Byway , and the interior Forest service have also designate it a subject Forest Service Byway . No piece of the highway has personify name in the subject Highway System , A system of roads in the United States important to the nation 's economy , defence , and mobility . due to the closure of common installation on the North lip of the Grand Canyon during wintertime , overwinter maintenance live not guarantee after December 1st , with the result that atomic number 38 67 is commonly closed in to vehicular traffic from December 1st until spring . = = History = = SR 67 existed as axerophthol route to hit the north rim of the high-minded Canyon National park as former type A 1927 type A A dirt route . By 1935 , the route had been improved to a crushed rock route , and by 1938 it have been paved . In 1941 , the route follow fate as a province highway and signed type A sr 67 . In 1985 , the main road invite the designation of Kaibab Plateau – northerly lip Parkway as AN genus Arizona land Scenic Byway . The designation included SR 67 in its totality as well as extending south into lordly Canyon subject parkland . two years recent , ADOT obtain the right @-@ of @-@ path for improvement of the main road from IT northern terminal figure just about 10 miles ( 16 kilometre ) South . In 1989 , an additional right @-@ of @-@ way of life be acquire past ADOT from IT southern terminus close to 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 kilometre ) north . By June of that year , the parkway received the designation of a National woodland Scenic byroad , and inward June 1998 , the Kaibab plateau – North rim parkway received some other designation , this time as A National Scenic Byway . Since establishment , the route has not been realine and retains its archetype rout . = = Junction list = = The entire route is inwards Coconino County .