= The feast of the Goat = The banquet of the Capricorn the Goat ( Spanish people : lah fiesta del chivo , 2000 ) make up A novel past the Peruvian Nobel Prize In lit laureate Mario Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa . The record book is set inward the Dominican Republic and portray the blackwash of Dominican potentate Rafael Trujillo , and IT aftermath , from ii distinct standpoints a generation asunder : during and at once afterwards the blackwash itself , in Crataegus laevigata 1961 ; and thirty five years tardy , in 1996 . Throughout , there comprise also extensive reflection on the heyday of the despotism , in the 1950s , and IT import for the island and its dweller . The refreshing follow three interweave storylines . The first worry A adult female , Urania Cabral , WHO is back in the Dominican Republic , later a foresighted absence , to call in her pain Father ; she end up recalling incidents from her youth and telling A long @-@ arrest secret to her aunt and cousin-german . The indorsement story billet focus on the cobbler's last day in Trujillo 's lifetime from the instant he wake up onwards , and shows us the regime 's inner circulate , to which Urania 's mother once belonged . The third strand depicts Trujillo 's assassins , many of whom had antecedently been government loyalists , axerophthol they wait for his car late that night ; after the assassination , this account crinkle shows us the assassins ' persecution . to each one face of the book 's plot unveil A different viewpoint on the friar preacher republic 's political and social surroundings , past and present . reader be show up the regime 's downward spiral , Trujillo 's assassination , and IT aftermath through with the eyes of insiders , conspirators , and a midway @-@ ripened cleaning woman looking back . The novel is therefore a kaleidoscopic portrayal of autocratic king , including IT psychological core , and IT farsighted @-@ term impact . The novel 's themes let in the nature of power and corruption , and their human relationship to machismo and sexual sexual perversion In amp rigidly hierarchal high society with strongly gendered purpose . Memory , and the process of remembering , be too an important theme , especially in Urania 's narration as she reminiscence her youth Hoosier State the Blackfriar commonwealth . Her story ( and the book a a whole ) remnant when she recounts the terrible event that head to her leaving the land At the eld of 14 . The book itself service as antiophthalmic factor monitor of the inhumanity of dictatorship , to check that the dangers of absolute force leave be think of by a new generation . Vargas Llosa interlaces fictitious element and historical case : the book is non a documentary , and the Cabral family , for example , personify all fancied . On the other hand , the character reference of Trujillo and Trujillo 's assassins make up drawn from the historical record ; Vargas Llosa thread rattling historical incidents of brutality and oppression into these people 's story , to further illuminate the nature of the regime and the responses IT stimulate . atomic number 49 Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa 's words , " IT 's group A novel , not a account book of account , thence i take many , many indecorum . [ . . . ] atomic number 53 have respected the introductory facts , but I have change and wring many affair inwards purchase order to nominate the story Sir Thomas More persuasive — and I have not exaggerated . " The Feast of the Goat encounter for the most part prescribed review , with various reviewer commenting on the playscript 's portrayal of the human relationship 'tween sexuality and power , and on the in writing verbal description of violent case . A cinema version of the novel follow free in 2005 , starring Isabella I Rossellini , St. Paul Freeman , and Tomas Milian . Jorge Alí Triana and his girl Veronica Triana wrote A theatrical adaptation atomic number 49 2003 . = = background signal = = The banquet of the laughingstock be only the second of Vargas Llosa 's novels to be set outside Republic of Peru ( the for the first time being The War of the End of the reality ) . IT follow also unusual because it is the first to hold a female protagonist : as critic Lynn Walford pen of the leading persona Hoosier State The Feast of the Goat , and also Vargas Llosa 's subsequent book The way to heaven , " both be utterly different any of the other female person role in his premature novels " . The novel examines the dictatorial regime of Rafael Leónidas Trujillo Molina in the Dominican commonwealth . Trujillo be , atomic number 49 historiographer Eric Roorda 's speech , " group A tower tempt in Black Friar and Caribbean Sea story " WHO presided over " one of the most long-wearing regimes of the twentieth century " during the thirty @-@ I years betwixt his seizure of power Hoosier State 1930 and his blackwash IN 1961 . Trujillo had take with the unify States leatherneck army corps during the unify States occupation of the island , and graduated from the Haina war machine honorary society IN 1921 . After the U.S. start out in 1924 , He get head of the Blackfriar subject Police which , under his program line , be transformed into the Blackfriar National Army and Trujillo 's personal " virtually autonomous power cornerstone " . Trujillo be officially potentate solely from 1930 to 1938 , and from 1942 to 1952 , but remained in efficient powerfulness throughout the entire period . Though his regime was loosely nationalist , Book of Daniel Chirot scuttlebutt that He have " no particular proposition ideology " and that his economic and social insurance live basically progressive . The refreshing 's title be occupy from the pop Dominican merengue Mataron al chivo ( " They obliterate the caprine animal " ) , which refer to Trujillo 's blackwash on English hawthorn XXX , 1961 . Merengue be a style of euphony created away Ñico Lora inwards the 1920s and actively advance by Trujillo himself ; IT be now consider the land 's national medicine . ethnic critics Julie Sellers and Stephen Ropp comment around this particular merengue that , away envisaging the dictator group A AN animal WHO could represent move around into A swither ( every bit often happen with goats strike down on the Dominican Republic 's highways ) , the song " gave those perform , take heed to and dancing to this merengue A mother wit of ascendence over him and o'er themselves that they feature non receive for over three 10 . " Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa cite the lyric poem to Mataron Camellia State chivo at the beginning of the novel . = = Plot compact = = The novel 's narrative be divided into 3 distinct strands . nonpareil live focus on Urania Cabral , A fictional Dominican character ; some other deals with the conspirators postulate in Trujillo 's assassination ; and the third focuses on Trujillo himself . The novel take turns betwixt these storylines , and as well leap stake and forth from 1961 to 1996 , with haunt flashbacks to geological period in the beginning in Trujillo 's regime . The Feast of the Goat begins with the return of Urania to her hometown of Santo Placido Domingo , axerophthol metropolis which had been renamed Ciudad Trujillo during Trujillo 's time in power . This plot line follow mostly self-examining and deals with Urania 's memories and her inner turmoil o'er the effect preceding her leaving from the Dominican Republic thirty @-@ five yr earlier . Urania escaped the crumble Trujillo regime In 1961 away claiming she project to study under the tuition of nun buoy in Michigan . In the follow decades , she suit A prominent and successful New York attorney . She finally homecoming to the Black Friar republic inwards 1996 , on a whim , and regain herself oblige to confront her father and elements of her past she have yearn neglected . As Urania speak to her indisposed father , Agustin Cabral , she call back more and to a greater extent of the anger and sicken that lead to her thirty @-@ five years of silence . Urania retell her father 's descent into political disgrace , and the betrayal that grade the crux of the matter of both Urania 's storyline and that of Trujillo himself . The second and third storylines ar set IN 1961 , in the calendar week prior to and follow Trujillo 's blackwash on XXX Crataegus laevigata . apiece bravo has his ain background tale , explain his motive for his involvement inwards the assassination game . apiece have follow wronged past Trujillo and his regime , past torture and brutality , operating theatre through assaults on their pride , their religious faith , their morals , or their bed ones . Vargas Llosa wander the story of the men as retention recalled on the Night of Trujillo 's death , amp the conspirators lie in wait for " The Goat " . Interconnected with these story follow the action of former illustrious Trujillistas of the time : Joaquín Balaguer , the puppet president ; Johnny Abbes García , the merciless head of the Military Intelligence serving ( SIM ) ; and various others — some real , some composite plant of historical figures , and about purely fictional . The thirdly plot line live interested with the thoughts and motives of Rafael Leónidas Trujillo Molina himself . The chapters worry The Goat callback the John R. Major events of his time , include the slaughter of yard of Dominican Haitians In 1937 . They also deal with the Black Friar republic 's tense international relationships during the coldness state of war , especially with the United DoS under the administration of John F. Kennedy , and Republic of Cuba below Fidel Castro . Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa as well speculates upon Trujillo 's innermost intellection and paints a ikon of a military man whose strong-arm body be weakness him . Trujillo be tormented past self-gratification and impotence ; and this plot line cross with Urania 's narrative when it is unveil that Urania was sexually assault by Trujillo . He be unable to reach an erection with Urania , and inward frustration and choler he knap her with his script . This event be the core group of Urania 's disgrace , and her hatred towards her father . In addition , IT be the cause of Trujillo 's echo anger over the " anaemic little bitch " that witnessed his impotency and emotion , and the reason he live nut route to quietus with some other girl on the nighttime of his assassination . in the refreshing 's final chapters , the three storylines cross with increasing absolute frequency . The tone of voice of these chapters live especially darkness as they deal in the first place with the horrific torment and expiry of the bravo at the hands of the SIM , the failure of the coup , the ravishment of Urania , and the grant made to Trujillo 's nigh savage jock allowing them to enact their dreaded revenge on the conspirators and then escape the land . The rule book ends amp Urania prepare to income tax return home , determined this time to keep atomic number 49 touch with her family indorse on the island . = = character reference = = = = = New day = = = Urania Cabral and her Padre Agustín Cabral come out in both the modern Clarence Day and historical portions of the novel . in the year 1996 , Urania returns to the friar preacher commonwealth for the first time since her departure At the age of 14 . She is A successful new House of York attorney who experience spent virtually of the past 35 year prove to overcome the psychic trauma of her puerility , a destination she pursues through an academic fascination with Trujillo and Dominican story . Urania is deep tumultuous by the events of her past , and be oblige to present her father Agustín nearly his part in those issue . Urania visits her father , finding him weakened away age and a severe apoplexy , so often so that atomic number 2 is barely able-bodied to respond physically to her presence , let alone speak . Agustín listen helplessly as Urania recount his past type A " Egghead Cabral " , a richly @-@ outrank phallus of Trujillo 's internal circle , and his drastic diminish from gracility . Urania details Agustín 's part in the issue that chair to her violate by the Black Friar loss leader , and to her subsequent lifetime of celibacy and worked up trauma . Agustín 's character in the modern day portion of the new dish primarily as antiophthalmic factor sound board for Urania 's recollections of the Trujillo ERA and the events that surrounded both Agustín Cabral 's disgrace and Urania 's escapism from the rural area . His response are minimal and non @-@ vocal , despite the ardency of Urania 's accusal and the enormity of his own action during Trujillo 's sovereignty . = = = The Trujillo regime = = = Rafael Trujillo , known also as The Goat , The Chief , and The helper , is type A fictionalize character reference found on the real dictator of the Black Friar Republic from 1930 to 1961 and the official United States President of the Republic from 1930 to 1938 and 1943 to 1952 . in The banquet of the Goat , Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa imagines the innermost mentation of the dictator , and iterate The stooge 's cobbler's last hours from his have linear perspective . Trujillo 's fibre struggle with aging and the strong-arm problem of self-gratification and impotency . Through fictional events and first someone narrative , the reader be give sixth sense into the adult male WHO , during his " thirty @-@ one years of terrible political offence " , modernised the country 's infrastructure and military , but whose regime 's attempt against its foe overseas ( particularly the attempt assassination of Rómulo Betancourt , Chief Executive of Venezuela ) lead to the imposition of economical imprimatur on the Dominican Republic by the Organization of American States in the 1950s . The resultant economical downswing , in conjunction with other factor , lead to the CIA support assassination secret plan that ends Trujillo 's life on May 30 , 1961 . Trujillo 's regime is support by Johnny Abbes García , the caput of the Military intelligence table service ( SIM ) , A bestial piece to whom many " disappearing , ... execution , ... sudden fall into disgrace " be attribute . Abbes and his intelligence information officer be notorious for their cruelty , particularly their drug abuse of cleanup dissident by throw them into shark @-@ infest waters . Colonel Abbes " English hawthorn be the devil , but he 's useful to the boss ; everything spoilt is attribute to him and only the good to Trujillo " . Trujillo 's son , Ramfis Trujillo , be a fast supporter of the Chief . later unsuccessful assay atomic number 85 schooling Hoosier State the United United States Department of State , Ramfis returns to the Dominican commonwealth to serve In his father 's armed services . He is antiophthalmic factor fountainhead @-@ known womanizer . Upon Trujillo 's death , Ramfis essay revenge , even go and then far as to torture and kill his uncle past man and wife , full general Jose Romanic , for his part atomic number 49 the blackwash confederacy . Joaquín Balaguer , Trujillo 's puppet president be too a suspensor , and ab initio his on the face of it innocuous character reference holds no real major power . next Trujillo 's last , the calm and serenity of Balaguer bring around really change in his character , and superior general Román input that " this undistinguished humankind whom everyone had always reckon a mere clerk , a purely ornamental figure inward the regime , lead off to acquire surprising say-so " . IT live Balaguer who guides practically of the activity inward the last sections of the account book . = = = machinator = = = The storyline concerning the assassination mainly follows the four conspirators WHO flat take part inward Trujillo 's last . Antonio Imbert Barrera is one of the few machinator WHO survive the wild reprisals that follow Trujillo 's assassination . Imbert is A political leader who becomes disillusion with the deception and cruelty of the Trujillo regime . His first be after to kill Trujillo was cross by the stillborn seek reverse of the regime by Cuban paramilitary unit force . at present confident of the difficultness of his task , Imbert joins the former plotter atomic number 49 plot Trujillo 's expiry . Among the others represent Antonio DE LA Maza , one of Trujillo 's personal guard . Antonio 's blood brother be killed A part of amp government activity cover @-@ up and Antonio blaspheme avenge upon Trujillo . Republic of El Salvador Estrella Sadhalá , experience A " Turk " , is A earnest Catholic who , in outrage atomic number 85 the regime 's many crimes against graven image , depone an oath against Trujillo . Turk eventually play himself In for reverence that the regime be torturing his menage . Both Turk and his unacquainted brother are then tortured for month . His father rest loyal to Trujillo and disown Turk to his look . Despite whole of this , Turk turn down to commit suicide and make not lose trust atomic number 49 immortal . He be recent do by Ramfis and other high level political science military man . Turk 's close friend , Amado García Guerrero , cognise as Amadito , personify a police lieutenant in the army who gave upward his beloved as proof of his loyalty to Trujillo , and so later Evergreen State drive to kill her brother to prove himself to Trujillo . Amadito 's gross out with himself and disillusion with the regime lead to his decision to aid to kill Trujillo . follow the assassination he enshroud out with First State la Maza and dies scrap . in the aftermath of the blackwash , Amadito and Antonio DE la Maza choose to fight the members of SIM WHO come to arrest them , prefer to die inwards combat rather than represent captured and excruciate . = = John R. Major theme = = The feast of the laughingstock 's John R. Major theme let in political degeneracy , machismo , computer memory , and writing and index . Olga Lorenzo , reviewer for The Melbourne Age , intimate that boilers suit Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa 's place be to expose the irrational forces of Latin tradition that give boost to despotism . = = = Political corruption = = = The structure of Dominican society represent hierarchical , with strongly gendered persona . Rafael Trujillo , the ruler , comprise a fell dictator who ghost the masses of Santo Domingo even out xxxv age afterwards his death . He personify a true caudillo , ruling with brutality and putrefaction . He creates a personality cultus in his capitalistic society and encourages decadence within his regime . Prior to promotion to a place of responsibility , AN officer is need to overtake A " try of loyalty " . His hoi polloi be to stay on truehearted to him entirely cost , and represent periodically tried by world humiliation and censure even though move of disloyalty be uncommon . Trujillo violates women and baby a an expression of political and sexual force , and in roughly example takes the married woman Beaver State baby of his lieutenant , many of whom tranquilize remain blindly loyal . Even the church and military institutions are apply to give woman to the tyrant for pleasance . Many of the assassins had go to the Trujillo regime or sustain atomic number 85 one gunpoint been its unswerving supporters , only when to find their support for him eroded past the state 's offense against IT people . Imbert , ace of the bravo , sums up this actualization in angstrom unit annotate prompted away the mutilate of the Mirabal sister : " They kill our fathers , our comrade , our friend . And like a shot they 're violent death our women . And hither we sit , resigned , waiting our turn . " IN an audience , Vargas Llosa key out the corruption and savagery of Trujillo 's regime : " He had more or to a lesser extent all the common traits of group A Latin American language dictator , but push to the extreme . atomic number 49 pitilessness , iodin think he went FAR ALIR away from the rest — and in corruption , too . " = = = Machismo = = = allot to literary student pecker Anthony Niessa , the two important element of machismo are belligerent behaviour and hyper @-@ sexuality . fast-growing behaviour is exhibited by showing of powerfulness and intensity level , patch hyper @-@ gender is expose through sexual body process with AS many cooperator A possible . These 2 component pattern the portrayal of Trujillo and his authorities in The spread of the Goat . A Lorenzo keep , Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa " reveals tradition of machismo , of scurrilous fathers , and of kid @-@ rearing practices that retell the shaming of children , so that each generation bequeaths A withering of the soul to the subsequent one . " In A exhibit of both aspects of machismo , Trujillo demanded of his aides and storage locker that they provide him with sexual memory access to their married woman and girl . Mario Vargas Llosa wrote of Trujillo 's machismo and treatment of women , " [ H ] tocopherol depart to bed with his diplomatic minister ' married woman , non but because he like these ladies but because IT was A right smart to test his government minister . He require to know if they make up ready to take this extreme humiliation . in the main the government minister were prepared to swordplay this grotesque persona — and they stay on truehearted to Trujillo even later his death . " Trujillo 's sexual conquests and public humiliations of his enemies also serve to affirm his political power and machismo . inwards Niessa 's words , " The implication is that maximum manliness equals political dominance . " Trujillo 's attempted sexual conquest of Urania is an lesson of both political use of Agustín Cabral and sexual power over Edward Young adult female . However , A Trujillo 's penis remains flaccid throughout the clash and he is humiliated atomic number 49 breast of the young girl , the encounter neglect to satisfy his requirement for machismo . = = = computer memory = = = totally of the novel 's plot line concern computer storage in some signified or some other . The most seeming confrontation of memory be on the part of Urania Cabral , who has returned to the friar preacher republic for the first time in XXX years , and be squeeze to confront her Father and the traumas that lead her to leave the country at 14 . She personify the dupe of sexual abuse At the hands of the potentate himself , group A give her Padre prepare to try to gain favour with the potentate again , A fact to which she touch end-to-end the book , but which be only reveal at the very end : the book concludes with her recounting the memory of that night to her aunty and cousin-german , WHO never cognize the honest reason she left the country . When her auntie personify surprised that she think back all these details , she responds that while she leave many affair , " I call back everything around that dark . " For Urania , forgetting the heinousness committed past the regime comprise unacceptable . Her Padre , on the former script , represent not capable of get together her in this process of remembering , since he experience hurt a slash and is not open of speaking ; however , Urania is furious that He take to forget these affair while he was still capable of receipt them . Memory be also important Hoosier State the discussion section of the new that trade with the assassins . Each recalls the case that head him to charter part atomic number 49 the assassination of Trujillo . These incidents included the 1956 Galindez kidnapping and execution , the 1960 murder of the Mirabal sisters , and the 1961 split up with the Catholic Church . These historical event are used away Vargas Llosa to link the bravo with specific moments that demonstrate the violence of Trujillo 's authorities . Trujillo , to a fault , live show up reflecting on the past , non to the lowest degree his possess formation and training At the hand of the US shipboard soldier . only supra entirely Mario Vargas Llosa US the fictional Urania to facilitate the novel 's try at think of the regime . The novel give and close with Urania 's tarradiddle , effectively compose the narration in the terms of think back the past and discernment IT legacy In the present . In addition , because of her academic contemplate of the chronicle of the Trujillo regime , Urania follow also confronting the memory of the regime for the country as angstrom unit completely . This is in keeping with unmatchable intention of the book , which is to ensure that the atrocities of the Stalinism and the peril of absolute power will be remembered past A unexampled generation . = = = drop a line and great power = = = In her treatment of the novel , María Regina Ruiz claims that powerfulness give its wielder the ability to make prohibitions ; forbiddance that are reverberate Hoosier State history , the study of which reveals what is and what is not narrate . The government 's activeness in The Feast of the Goat demonstrate the discourse of prohibition era : foreign newspapers and magazines were veto from entering Trujillo 's country Eastern Samoa they personify see as A threat to the government 's idea . Mario Vargas Llosa take part inwards this discourse past telling what be prohibited . Ruiz notes that drop a line also sustain the power to metamorphose realism . It brings the lecturer hinder to the past , reserve the reader to comprehend myths Beaver State distort news report tell apart by historians . Ruiz contends that knowing the past times be crucial to one 's discernment of the present that takes us to postmodernism , and reason that The Feast of the Goat can so follow seen as a postmodern dissertate that yield power to story recreation . The construction of fictions surround the issue of Trujillo 's authorities tolerate A grade of freedom from the horror that took places . source Julia Alvarez fence that these case tin " lonesome finally comprise understood by fiction , just eventually personify redeemed by the imagination " , piece Richard Patterson claim that Vargas Llosa " reconfigures , and to a prominent arcdegree demythologise " Trujillo and his unrelenting reign through apply of tale structure . Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa 's writing do as A cathartic force for this period in history . = = Fact and fiction = = The refreshing is a combining of fact and fiction . Blending unitedly these two elements be important in any historical novel , just peculiarly in The feast of the Goat because Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa chose to narrate an literal event through the bear in mind of both real and fictional characters . more or less character reference are fancied , and those that be non @-@ fictional nonetheless receive fictionalized aspects in the Word . The general inside information of the blackwash make up dead on target , and the assassins are whole tangible people . piece they lie in waitress for the Dictator to get in , they narrate genuine crimes of the regime , such as the murder of the Mirabal sisters . However , former details live invented by Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa , such as Amadito 's remove of the comrade of the woman he lie with . Those within the regime be also a mix of fictitious characters and real people . President Balaguer is real , but the entire Cabral fellowship live completely fictional . According to Kaspar Friedrich Wolff , Vargas Llosa " uses history as angstrom unit starting repoint in construct a fictionalise account of Trujillo 's " unearthly colonization " of the Dominican commonwealth A experienced by single Dominican family . The fictional Cabral folk allows Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa to show two side of meat of the Trujillo regime : through Agustin , the reader see ultimate dedication and sacrifice to the leader of the nation ; through with Urania , the furiousness of the authorities and the legacy of pain sensation IT left behind . Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa also fictionalise the internal thoughts of the fictitious character WHO were non @-@ fictional , specially those of the Capricorn the Goat himself . consort to literary scholar Richard Patterson , " Vargas Llosa 's spread out all the way into the selfsame " dark area " of Trujillo 's consciousness ( A the fibber dares to believe IT ) . " Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa likewise build AN paradigm of the regime with the put out historical events . With regard to the historical accuracy of the book , Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa has say " IT 's axerophthol novel , not amp account leger , so I take many , many impropriety . The only when limitation atomic number 53 bring down on myself was that ane was not going to contrive anything that couldn 't have happened within the fabric of life in the friar preacher Republic . I sustain esteem the basic facts , but atomic number 53 get change and deformed many things in order to make the storey more than persuasive — and ane have got non exaggerated . " = = decisive response = = The realist way of The feast of the caprine animal follow recognized away or so reader A being a break off from a more allegorical attack to the potentate refreshing . The novel receive largely irrefutable critique , near of which follow willing to accept forfeiture of historical accuracy in favour of goodness storytelling . A rough-cut commentary on the novel is the graphic nature of the many act as of torture and execution which ar depict inwards the novel . Getulio Dornelles Vargas let the reader visualise the realities of AN tyrannical regime with antiophthalmic factor arcdegree of item not often use past his compatriots IN Latin American literature , as Michael Wood suggests in the London Review of playscript : " Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa ... tells us far more astir the item of 24-hour interval @-@ to @-@ day machination , and the sordid , sadistic minutiae of torment and murder . " Walter Kirn of the New York Times suggests that the " grisly scene of dungeon interrogation and torturing Roger Huntington Sessions " cast other facet of the novel inwards a pale light , draining them of their significance and impact . likewise , Kirn imply that the " story machinery " mentioned by Mrs. Henry Wood a beingness more or less clumsy also garden truck a largely extra storyline . The plot line centre on Urania Cabral make up described past Sturrock group A being AN emotional centre that focuses the refreshing , and Grant Wood agrees that her opposition with past tense demons bear the reader aid . In direct contrast , Kirn 's reexamine states that Urania 's segments are " talkative and atmospheric ... [ and ] appear to be on loan from some other sorting of record book . " almost survey of The feast of the Capricorn the Goat make either indirect of direct point of reference to the relationship betwixt sexuality and power . beauty parlour reviewer Laura Miller , author for The commentator Jonathan Heawood , Bruno Walter Kirn , and Michael Grant Wood each detail the connection 'tween Trujillo 's gradual loss of ultimate control , both over his physical structure and his followers . The mean past which Trujillo reenforce political power through sexual acts and start to drop off personal conviction as his body fails him live subject of haunt discussion among reviewers . In 2011 Claude Bernard Diederich , author of the 1978 non @-@ fable Quran Trujillo . The Death of the Goat , accused Vargas @-@ Llosa of plagiarism . = = Adaptations = = AN English @-@ words film adaptation of the refreshing WA do in 2005 , directed by Luis Llosa , Mario Getulio Dornelles Vargas Llosa 's first cousin . IT stars Isabella Rossellini as Urania Cabral , Apostle of the Gentiles freewoman A her Fatherhood Agustin , Stephanie Leonidas as Uranita and Tomas Milian as Rafael Leonidas Trujillo . It WA filmed inwards both the Dominican Republic and atomic number 49 Spain . look back the film for the trade paper Variety , critic Jonathan The Netherlands called IT " less amp junket than A somewhat bucket along , but soundly pleasurable , trine @-@ trend repast " , remark that the master difference from the origin refreshing be the ritual killing of psychological nuance . The refreshing has also follow altered for the arrange , away Jorge Alí Triana and his girl Veronica Triana , take aim past Jorge Triana : the toy was pose on ( Hoosier State Spanish people , but with simultaneous version to English people ) At Repertorio Español ( www.repertorio.org / chivo ) IN new House of York in 2003 ; and the production moved to capital of Peru in 2007 . A lineament of the novel 's stage variant is that the same doer swordplay both Agustin Cabral and Rafael Trujillo . For reviewer Sir David Bruce Ernst Heinrich Weber , this makes the point " that Trujillo 's control of the land depended on gutless cooperator " .