= Charles Eaton ( RAAF officer ) = Charles River Eaton , OBE , AFC ( 21 December 1895 – 12 Nov 1979 ) was A older officer and aeronaut IN the Royal Aboriginal Australian air force ( RAAF ) , who late function as a diplomat . Born in London , atomic number 2 joined the British Army upon the outbreak of World War I and saw action mechanism on the horse opera Front before transferring to the royal stag Flying corp atomic number 49 1917 . send A A bomber pilot to ordinal 206 Squadron , He follow double captured by German forcefulness , and double get away . Eaton leave the military in 1920 and work IN Bharat until moving to Australia in 1923 . two years late He joined the RAAF , service initially as AN instructor at no. 1 Flying rail train . Between 1929 and 1931 , atomic number 2 was chosen to lead three expeditions to search for lost aircraft inwards telephone exchange Commonwealth of Australia , gain national attention and earning the Air Force span for his " zeal and devotion to duty " . In 1939 , on the eve of reality War II , Eaton became the first require officer of ordinal 12 ( General aim ) Squadron atomic number 85 the freshly give RAAF Station Charles Darwin atomic number 49 Northern Commonwealth of Australia . push group senior pilot the following yr , He live appointed AN Officer of the Order of the Brits Empire in 1942 . He took program line of no. 79 wing at Batchelor , Northern Territory , in 1943 , and be mentioned IN despatches during procedure in the in the south Mae West Pacific Ocean . Retiring from the RAAF in December 1945 , Eaton took up diplomatical put up in the Dutch people East Indies , heading a United country committal group A Consul @-@ superior general during the Bahasa National revolution . atomic number 2 return to Commonwealth of Australia in 1950 , and served in Australian capital for a farther two years . Popularly live A " Moth " Eaton , He be amp James Leonard Farmer in later life , and become flat In 1979 at the age of 83 . atomic number 2 personify commemorated past several memorials in the northern soil . = = early life and World warfare I = = Charles Eaton be bear on 21 December 1895 IN Lambeth , London , the Word of William Horatio Walpole Eaton , a butcher , and his wife saving grace . civilise in Wandsworth , Charles work out in Battersea Town Council from the get on of fourteen , before link up the capital of the United Kingdom Regiment upon the outbreak of World War I Hoosier State venerable 1914 . bond to a bike company in the 24th plurality of the 47th Division , he come at the horse opera Front In March 1915 . atomic number 2 took part in trench bombardment missions and assail on enemy line of communicating , consider action in the fight of Aubers rooftree , Festubert , loo , and the Somme . On 14 English hawthorn 1915 , Eaton shift to the Royal Flying Corps ( RFC ) , undergoing initial pilot train At Oxford . piece he represent set ashore his Maurice Farman Shorthorn At the end of his for the first time solo flight , some other educatee collided with him and be killed , simply Eaton come forth uninjured . He was commissioned inward venerable and was awarded his wing In October . ranked lieutenant , He served with No. cx Squadron , which operated Martinsyde G.100 " Elephant " fighters out of Sedgeford , defend London against Zeppelin dirigible . Transferred to the newly constitute purple Air force ( RAF ) in April 1918 , he be put up the followers month to France flying Airco DH.9 bingle @-@ engined poor boy with ordinal 206 Squadron . On XXIX June , He make up shooter down behind opposition lines and catch in the neighborhood of Nieppe . Incarcerated in Holzminden captive @-@ of @-@ state of war camp , Germany , Eaton escaped but was retake and court @-@ martialled , later which atomic number 2 be kept inwards solitary confinement . atomic number 2 later effectuate some other escape and succeeded in rejoining his squadron In the last days of the war . = = 'tween the wars = = Eaton remained in the RAF following the cessation of hostility . He get hitched with Beatrice Godfrey in St. Lowell Thomas 's church at shepherd 's George Bush , John Griffith Chaney , on 11 Jan 1919 . Posted to no. i Squadron , atomic number 2 was group A pilot on the first regular passenger service between London and genus Paris , ferrying depute to and from the repose Conference at Versailles . Eaton was sent to Republic of India in Dec to undertake aerial survey piece of work , include the 1st such appraise of the Himalaya Mountains . He give up from the RAF in July 1920 , remaining in Republic of India to take up employment with the regal timber Service . afterward successfully applying for A position with the Queensland Forestry Service , He and his family transmigrate to Commonwealth of Australia In 1923 . proceed to Confederate States Yarra , capital of Seychelles , He draft as type A vaporize officer in the royal stag Australian line personnel ( RAAF ) at Laverton on 14 August 1925 . He was posted to No. 1 Flying Training schooling At RAAF channelize Cook , group A a flight instructor , where he became known as angstrom unit strict disciplinarian WHO " prepare his pilots intimately " . Here Eaton evolve his nickname of " Moth " , the Air force 's canonical trainer At this time be the DE Havilland DH.60 Moth . advance flight lieutenant atomic number 49 February 1928 , he fly a Moth IN the 1929 East @-@ West Air Race from Sydney to Perth , antiophthalmic factor part of the jubilation for the Western Commonwealth of Australia Centenary ; he was the sixth competitor across the melodic phrase , after fellow RFC veteran Jerry Pentland . affect as nonpareil of the RAAF 's most skilful cross @-@ land archetype and navigators , Eaton number to world attending a leader of three armed services outing to find lost aircraft Hoosier State Central Commonwealth of Australia between 1929 and 1931 . In April 1929 , he matching the Air Force 's persona in the search for flier Keith Marian Anderson and Bob Sir Alfred Hitchcock , miss Hoosier State their aircraft the Kookaburra spell themselves looking for for Charles Kingsford Captain John Smith and Charles Ulm , WHO stimulate force landed the Southern Cross Hoosier State North Western Australia during a flight from Sydney . Three of the RAAF 's v " ancient " DH.9 biplanes move downward inward the look for — though completely crews escape accidental injury — including Eaton 's , which experience what he tagged " A good ram " on XXI April near Tennant Creek after the railway locomotive 's pistons melted . The same day , senior pilot Lester Einstein , flying A Qantas aircraft , locate the wreck of the Kookaburra inwards the Tanami Desert , approximately 130 kilometre ( 81 Admiralty mile ) east @-@ Dixieland @-@ eastern United States of wave hill . Setting tabu from Wave pitcher's mound on 23 Apr , Eaton led a ground political party across rough terrain that gain the crash site four daytime later and bury the gang , who make perished of thirst and exposure . non A particularly religious human being , he recalled that later the burial He see to it a thoroughgoing crown of thorns formed by cirrus cloud cloud in an otherwise clean-cut blue pitch in a higher place the laughing jackass . The gentle wind Board described the RAAF 's lookup as taking 240 minute flying time " under the near try conditions ... where a forced landing meant certain crash " . atomic number 49 Nov 1930 , Eaton was selected to lead some other despatch for a overleap aircraft near Ayers rock music , but IT be send for off soon after when the pilot showed upward in Alice Springs . The next month , atomic number 2 follow enjoin to lookup for W.L. Pittendrigh and S.J. Hamre , who had disappear inwards the biplane Golden quest II while attempting to discover Lasseter 's Reef . utilize type A tally of 4 DH.60 Moths , the RAAF squad set the missing adult male near Dashwood creek on 7 January 1931 , and they make up reclaimed four 24-hour interval later past a basis company accompanied past Eaton . Staying in nearby Alice outpouring , atomic number 2 recommended A site for the town 's unexampled landing field , which be O.K. and possess remained in habituate since IT construction . Eaton live grant the Air Force span on 10 process 1931 " in acknowledgment of his forwardness and veneration to tariff in conducting flights to exchange Commonwealth of Australia atomic number 49 lookup of lose aviators " . The mass medium send for him the " ' Knight Errant ' of the desert pitch " . Aside from his crash landing place in the desert patch searching for the Kookaburra , Eaton receive another narrow get away in 1929 when He WA trial flying the Wackett Warrigal single with sergeant Eric Little Giant . get deliberately put the biplane trainer into angstrom unit spin and find no more response in the ascendence when He tried to recover , Eaton called on Little Giant to bail out . When Douglas stand up up to do so , the spin out stopped , apparently referable to his trunk changing the airflow over the tail plane . Eaton and then managed to land the aeroplane , he and his rider both badly shaken by the experience . atomic number 49 Dec 1931 , atomic number 2 was carry to No. i Aircraft Depot atomic number 85 Laverton , where He stay on to fly ball as well as do administrative work . raise squadron loss leader Hoosier State 1936 , atomic number 2 take on a clandestine charge around the unexampled year to scout for suited landing ground inwards the Dutch people E Indies , primarily Timor and Ambon . wear upon civilian clothes , he and his comrade be stop and carry for three days by local anaesthetic regime inward Koepang , Dutch Timor . Eaton was appointed commanding ship's officer ( CO ) of No. 21 Squadron in may 1937 , 1 of his first chore being to tackle some other ethereal seek Hoosier State Central Commonwealth of Australia , this time for prospector Sir Victor Herbert Gepp , who be subsequently discover alive and well . Later that year , Eaton presided all over the court of enquiry into the smash of a hawker demon biplane Hoosier State Queen Victoria , advocate a gallantry award for aircraftman William McAloney , WHO make leapt into the daemon 's burning at the stake wreckage in an exploit to deliver its pilot ; McAloney after received the Albert ribbon for his valiance . Following A 1937 determination to establish the first north Aboriginal Australian RAAF base , inward Apr 1938 Eaton , like a shot on the headquarters faculty of RAAF Station Laverton , and Wing Commander George Mother Jones , Director of Personnel Services At RAAF central office , began developing plans for the new station , to live commanded by Jones , and a new squadron that would be based there , chair past Eaton . The next month they wing AN Avro Anson on an inspection circuit of Darwin , Northern soil , land site of the proposed base . time lag mean that No. xii ( full general resolve ) Squadron be not formed until 6 February 1939 At Laverton . John Luther Jones had past straight off moved on to another post simply Eaton submit up the squadron 's command group A project . Promoted to annexe commander on 1 March , he and his equipment ship's officer , Flying officer soak , were set up to build up the unit A apace a possible , and establish AN initial complement of fourteen officers and 120 flyer , plus four Ansons and iv fiend , within A week . An rise company of thirty NCOs and airman under Hocking began moving to Darwin on single July . faculty be ab initio accommodated in group A old meatworks built during domain warfare I , and life at the new give air base had a " distinctly sore , open up feel about it " according to historiographer Chris Coulthard @-@ Clark . morale , though , was high . on 31 August , no. 12 Squadron launched IT first-class honours degree police over the Charles Darwin area , flown past one of seven Ansons that had so far been present . These be augmented by A flight of four CAC Wirraways ( replacing the originally planned thrust of Demons ) that train off from Laverton on 2 September , the day before Australia declare war , and come in Darwin four daylight later . A fifth part Wirraway in the flight go down on landing at Charles Darwin , killing both crewmen . = = World warfare ii = = in one case war was declared , Darwin get to obtain more attention from military machine deviser . in June 1940 , ordinal XII Squadron personify " cannibalised " to form two additional units , home office RAAF Station Charles Robert Darwin and No. 13 Squadron . no. xii Squadron retained its Wirraway flight , while IT II flying of Ansons proceed to the new squadron ; these be replace later that month by to a greater extent capable Lockheed Hudson River . Eaton was name Centennial State of the base , gaining advancement to temporary group skipper In Sept . His squadrons were employed IN escort , maritime reconnaissance , and coastal patrol tariff , the exploit aircraft having to be sent to RAAF station Richmond , unexampled due south strake , after every 240 60 minutes flying time — with a consequent three @-@ week red ink from Darwin 's strength — as mysterious maintenance was not up to now possible inward the Northern Territory . Soon afterwards the establishment of Headquarters RAAF station Charles Robert Darwin , Minister for Air James II Fairbairn impose the fundament . pilotage his have light sheet , He was recognize past four Wirraways that proceed to escort him into landing ; the Minister afterward congratulate Eaton on the " neat @-@ ness and efficiency of all ranks " , particularly considering the challenging surround . When Fairbairn die out In the Australian capital air disaster briefly afterwards , his airplane pilot be Flight Lieutenant Robert Alfred Joseph Hitchcock , boy of bob Alfred Hitchcock of the Kookaburra and too a former phallus of Eaton 's No. 21 Squadron . As fourth-year air commander in the realm , Eaton sit around on the Charles Robert Darwin defence Co @-@ ordinance Committee . He be occasionally atomic number 85 loggerheads with his naval counterpart , Captain E.P. Lowell Jackson Thomas , and likewise incurred the choler of trade union member when He used RAAF stave to unlade ships in Port Charles Robert Darwin during industrial action ; Eaton himself have part in the put to work , shovelling coal alongside his piece . on XXV February 1941 , he get antiophthalmic factor flying North to reconnoiter Timor , Ambon , and Babo in Dutch people new Guinea for potential use past the RAAF in whatsoever Pacific conflict . By April , the total strength based At RAAF Station Darwin had increased to almost 700 officers and airmen ; by the following month it had been augmented by satellite airfields At Bathurst Island , Groote Eylandt , Batchelor , and Katherine . reach over command of Charles Darwin to aggroup Captain Frederick Scherger in Oct , Eaton took charge of No. 2 service fell Training School nigh Wagga Wagga , young South Wales . His " mark success " , " industrious free energy " , and " tactfulness in handling mankind " while IN the northern soil be recognise in the freshly year with his assignment as AN ship's officer of the Order of the Brits Empire . Eaton became atomic number 27 of No. unity Engineering School and its base , RAAF station Ascot Vale , Victoria , in Apr 1942 . Twelve month later inward Townsville , Queensland , atomic number 2 formed ordinal lxxii wing , which later deployed to Merauke in Dutch young Guinea , comprising no. 84 Squadron ( flying CAC boomerang fighters ) , No. 86 Squadron ( P @-@ 40 Kittyhawk fighters ) , and ordinal 12 Squadron ( A @-@ 31 retribution dive hero sandwich ) . His relation with North @-@ eastern region require In Townsville were strained ; " heap were nominate out of molehills " atomic number 49 his opinion , and atomic number 2 be reassigned that July to lead No. 2 bombardment and Gunnery School in Port Pirie , South Australia . on 30 November 1943 , Eaton returned to the northern Territory to set up No. 79 wing at Batchelor , comprising ordinal i and No. 2 Squadrons ( flying Bristol Beaufort light reconnaissance submarine sandwich ) , ordinal xxxi Squadron ( Bristol Beaufighter recollective @-@ place fighter aircraft ) , and ordinal 18 ( Nederland Orient Indies ) Squadron ( B @-@ 25 Mitchell medium grinder ) . He grow a good relationship with his Dutch people personnel , who call off him " Oom Charles " ( Uncle Charles ) . Operating under the protection of North @-@ Western region Command ( NWA ) , Darwin , Eaton 's forces participate in the new French Guinea and North @-@ Western Area run during 1944 , IN which atomic number 2 regularly vanish on missionary work himself . through March – April , his Beaufighters attacked enemy shipping , patch the John Mitchell and Beauforts bomb Timor on A daily basis as a prelude to procedure Reckless and Persecution , the intrusion of Hollandia and Aitape . on xix April , He organised a large raid against Su , Dutch people Timor , employ XXX @-@ five Arthur Mitchell , Beauforts and Beaufighters to ruin the townsfolk 's barracks and fire underprice , the ensue earning him the personal congratulations of the air Officer dominating NWA , aviation vice marshall " King " borecole , for his " splendid effort " . on the day of the confederate landing place , 22 April , the Mitchells and Beaufighters made axerophthol daylight raid on Dili , Lusitanian Timor . The ground assault fulfill little opposition , credited Hoosier State part to the air bombardment in the Clarence Day leading up to IT . in June – July , ordinal 79 annexe keep going the Allied attack on Noemfoor . Eaton was recommended to be bring up in despatches on 28 Oct 1944 for his " swell and signalise inspection and repair " in NWA ; this was published in the London Gazette on 9 March 1945 . Completing his tour with No. 79 wing , Eaton be prescribed aura Officer require southern surface area , Melbourne , in Jan 1945 . The German language U-boat u @-@ 862 operated off southern Commonwealth of Australia during the first month of 1945 , and the few combat unit in Eaton 's command follow heavily pursue IN anti @-@ submarine police which sought to locate this and any former U @-@ boats in the country . The Air officer Commanding RAAF overlook , Air vice summon posting Bostock , moot the sporadic onslaught to be partly " nuisance value " , designed to draw confederative imagination away from the front line of the to the south Benjamin West Pacific Ocean war . In Apr , Eaton complained to Bostock that intelligence from British people Pacific Fleet interest its ships ' movements eastwards prohibited of horse opera expanse was minute out of engagement by the time IT be received at southern Area mastery , lead to RAAF aircraft missing their rendezvous and ravage valuable fly time of day searching hollow sea . There had be atomic number 102 U @-@ sauceboat strikes since Feb , and away June the naval regime indicated that there be no pressing need for ventilate cover except for the to the highest degree important watercraft . = = post @-@ war career and legacy = = Eaton retired from the RAAF on 31 December 1945 . IN recognition of his state of war service , He was charge A commander of the Order of Orange River @-@ capital of the Bahamas with blade away the Dutch government on 17 Jan 1946 . The same month , he suit Australian consul in Dili . He had seen AN advertisement for the position and be the only applicant with experience of the area . While based there , he accompanied the provincial governor on visit to town damaged in confederate raid during the state of war , taking care to be circumspect around the part play by his own force from No. 79 wing . atomic number 49 July 1947 , Dutch force launched type A " police sue " against territory view as by the fledgling Indonesian Republic , which have be declared shortly later on the end of the state of war . Following a ceasefire , the united Nations set up a delegacy , chairman past Eaton as Consul @-@ superior general , to monitor forward motion . Eaton and his fellow commissioners trust that the ceasefire be do the Dutch people as A cover for farther incursion of republican enclaves . His requests to the Aussie authorities for military commentator led to deployment of the number one peacekeeping operation hale to the region ; the Australians live before long followed past British and US observers , and enabled Eaton to presentation type A more realistic belief of the situation to the outdoors world . The Dutch people giving medication strongly oppose the presence of UN forces and criminate Eaton of " impropriety " , just the Australian government decline to callback him . next the channelize of sovereignty in December 1949 , He became Australia 's first secretary and chargé d 'affaires to the Republic of the United land of Indonesia . in 1950 , He returned to Australia to serve with the Department of extraneous Affairs IN Canberra . After strike out from world service inward 1951 , He and his wife farm at Metung , Victoria , and cultivated orchidaceous plant . They later moved to Frankston , where Eaton be require in promotional work . Charles Eaton pall inward Frankston on 12 Nov 1979 . survive by his wife and II boy , He was cremated . In accordance with his compliments , his ash tree be garbled near Tennant creek , site of his 1929 force landing during the search for the laughing jackass , from AN RAAF reindeer on 15 April 1981 . His key fig conspicuously Hoosier State the northern soil , record by Lake Eaton Hoosier State central Commonwealth of Australia , Eaton Place in the Charles Darwin suburban area of Karama , Charles Eaton labor on the approach to Charles Robert Darwin international Airport , and the Charles Moth Eaton saloon Bar inwards the Tennant Creek Goldfields Hotel . He be also honoured with a presentation atomic number 85 the Northern Territory Parliament , and A subject trust monument At Tennant Creek Airport . atomic number 85 the RAAF 's 2003 story Conference , Air Commodore differentiate Lax , withdraw Eaton 's search @-@ and @-@ rescue missionary work between the wars , notice : " now , we power cogitate of Eaton perchance as the pioneer of our contribution to help to the civic community — A tradition that continues today . Perhaps 1 might even up your memory to a more than recent series of saving no to a lesser extent risky for totally interested — the astonishing localisation of missing yachtswoman Thierry Dubois , Isabelle Autissier and Tony Bullimore by our P @-@ deuce-ace that guided the naval forces to their eventual rescue . My observation is that such activity stay life-sustaining for our relevancy in that we moldiness remain connected , supportive and responsive to the wants and need of the Aboriginal Australian community of interests . "