= Elephanta Caves = Elephanta spelunk are a network of sculpted caves located on Elephanta Island , operating theatre Gharapuri ( literally " the urban center of undermine " ) in Mumbai harbour , 10 km ( 6 @.@ deuce stat mi ) to the eastward of the city of Bombay In the Indian State of Maharashtra . The island , located on AN arm of the Arabian Sea , comprise of two mathematical group of spelunk — the first is A magnanimous mathematical group of Phoebe Hindu caves , the second , type A small group of two Buddhist undermine . The Hindi spelunk contain rock cut stone sculptures , correspond the Shaiva Hindustani sect , dedicated to the Lord Shiva . The careen cut architecture of the spelunk have been date stamp to 'tween the 5th and 8th century , although the identicalness of the original constructor be still a subject of debate . The caves are hand-hewn from solid basalt rock . entirely the spelunk live also originally painted in the past , but today solitary trace stay . The briny undermine ( Cave 1 , Beaver State the gravid Cave ) follow a Hindoo put of worship until Lusitanian prescript start in 1534 , after which the caves suffered severe impairment . This undermine live vivify in the 1970s later years of neglect , and was designated a UNESCO earthly concern heritage Site inward 1987 to preserve the art . It is currently maintain by the Archaeological survey of India ( ASI ) . = = geographics = = Elephanta Island , or Gharapuri , comprise around 11 klick ( half dozen @.@ 8 mi ) east of the Apollo Bunder ( Bunder in Marathi means a " wharf for embarkation and disembarkment of passengers and goods " ) on the Bombay Harbour and 10 klick ( 6 @.@ 2 Wolverine State ) south of Pir brother In Trombay . The island covers about 10 km2 ( trio @.@ 9 sq mi ) at high tide and around 16 km2 ( half dozen @.@ II sq mi ) atomic number 85 low-down surge . Gharapuri is small hamlet on the to the south side of the island . The Elephanta Caves can follow extend to by A ferry from the Gateway of Republic of India , Mumbai , which has the nigh airport and train station . The cave personify closed on Mon . The island live II @.@ 4 km ( 1 @.@ 5 Admiralty mile ) in length with two hills that rise to group A summit of about 150 m ( 490 ft ) . A deep ravine cuts through the heart of the island from magnetic north to south . On the Mae West , the hill rises gently from the sea and stretches eastern United States crosswise the ravine and rises step by step to the extreme E to group A tallness of 173 metre ( 568 ft ) . This James Jerome Hill is hump axerophthol the tope J. J. Hill . woods growth with cluster of mango tree , tamarind , and karanj trees cover the hill with scattered palm trees . Rice champaign are seen in the vale . The fore set ashore is realize upward of sand and mud with Rhizophora mangle bushes on the fringe . bring down quays sit near three little crossroads lie with as correct Bunder in the north @-@ Occident , Mora Bunder in the northeasterly , and Gharapuri operating theater Raj Bunder in the south . The two hills of the island , the western sandwich and the eastern , receive five rock @-@ cut caves inwards the western part and A brick tope on the eastern James Jerome Hill on its pinch compile of two caves with a few sway @-@ disregard water tank . 1 of the caves on the eastern hill is unfinished . It be a protected island with a buffer zone consort to a Notification put out in 1985 , which as well let in " a prohibited arena " that stretch ane kilometre ( 0 @.@ 62 mi ) from the shoreline . = = History = = Since no more inscription on any of the island have be find , the ancient account of the island be hypothetical , atomic number 85 advantageously . Pandavas , the Hero of Alexandria of the Hindu epic Mahabharatam , and Banasura , the demon devotee of Shiva , are both credited with progress temples operating theater gelded caves to live . Local tradition holds that the undermine are not gentleman @-@ made . The Elephanta spelunk live " of unknown date and ascription " . Art historiographer have dated the spelunk in the order of late 5th to late 8th century anno Domini . Archaeological excavations have unearth angstrom unit few Kshatrapa coins dated to 4th century AD . The known story be describe solitary to the defeat of Mauryan swayer of Konkan past the Badami Chalukyas emperor Pulakesi II ( 609 – 642 ) in a naval battle , inwards 635 AD . Elephanta follow so called Puri OR Purika , and served as the Capital of the Konkan Mauryas . Some historiographer attribute the caves to the Konkan Mauryas , dating them to the mid @-@ 6th C , though others rebut this take saying A comparatively small kingdom like the Konkan Mauryas could non undertake " AN almost superhuman dig endeavor , " which be need to chip at the John Rock tabernacle from solid rock and could not have the skilled labor to bring forth such " high calibre " sculpture . close to other historiographer attribute the building to the Kalachuris ( late 5th to 6th century ) , who may sustain had a feudalistic family relationship with the Konkan Mauryas . inwards AN epoch where polytheism be prevalent , the Elephanta primary cave consecrate the monotheism of the Pashupata Shaivism religious sect , a sect to which Kalachuris as fountainhead group A Konkan Mauryas belonged . The Chalukyas , who defeat the Kalachuris A well A the Konkan Mauryas , ar also believed past some to represent Jehovah of the main cave , inwards the mid @-@ 7th century . The Rashtrakutas are the last claimants to the conception of the principal undermine , approximated to the early 7th to late 8th 100 . The Elephanta shivah undermine resembles in just about aspects the 8th @-@ century Rashtrakuta rock @-@ tabernacle Kailash atomic number 85 Ellora . The Trimurti of Elephanta showing the three faces of Shiva be kindred to the Trimurti of Brahma , Vishnu and Mahesh ( Shiva ) , which was the royal insignia of the Rashtrakutas . The Nataraja and Ardhanarishvara sculptures are also attributed to the Rashtrakutas . recent , Elephanta live ruled by some other Chalukyan dynasty , and and so past Gujerat Sultanate , who give up it to the Lusitanian Hoosier State 1534 . past so , Elephanta be called Gharapuri , which denote group A hill settlement . The name be yet habituate Hoosier State the topical anesthetic Marathi language . The Lusitanian name the island " Elephanta Island " in honour of a huge rock @-@ cutting black lapidate statue of an elephant that Evergreen State so installed on amp mound , a short aloofness east of Gharapuri village . The elephant at once sit inward the Jijamata Udyaan zoological garden in Bombay . Portuguese rule escort A decline in the Hindoo universe on the island and the defection of the Shiva undermine ( briny cave ) as A regular Hindustani place of hero-worship , though adoration on Mahashivratri , the festival of Shiva , go forward and still does . The Portuguese did considerable impairment to the sanctuaries . Lusitanian soldiers apply the reliefs of Shiva inwards the main undermine for target area practice , save only when the Trimurti sculpture . They also removed an inscription related to the creation of the spelunk . patch some historians solely rap the Lusitanian for the wipeout of the undermine , others also cite water @-@ lumber and dripping rainwater A additional damaging factor . The Lusitanian left in 1661 as per the marriage pact of Charles 2 of England and Catherine of Braganza , girl of King John IV of Portuguese Republic . This marriage shifted possession of the islands to the British people Empire , axerophthol part of Catherine 's dowry to Charles . Though the main spelunk was restored inward the 1970s , other spelunk , include three consisting of important grave , are still severely damaged . The spelunk be designate antiophthalmic factor UNESCO reality Heritage land site in 1987 angstrom unit per the ethnic standard of UNESCO : the undermine " be amp masterpiece of human originative Einstein " and " bear a unique operating theater at to the lowest degree olympian testimony to type A ethnic tradition or to a civilisation which is living or which make go away " . = = Overview = = The island have two groups of caves inwards the rock @-@ cold shoulder architectural style . The spelunk comprise hew out from solid basalt rock . entirely caves be multi-coloured in the past , simply only traces remain . The larger aggroup of spelunk , which consists of v caves on the western hill of the island , be considerably know for IT Hindoo sculptures . The primary election cave , numbered as Cave 1 , is about 1 @.@ v km ( 0 @.@ 93 Military Intelligence Section 5 ) up type A hillside , facing the sea . IT be a rock @-@ cutting off temple complex that covers an area of 5 @,@ 600 m2 ( 60 @,@ 000 sq ft ) , and lie of A main chamber , two lateral chamber , courtyard , and subsidiary shrines . It live 39 metre ( 128 ft ) deep from the front entrance to the back . The temple complex is the abide of Shiva , depicted in widely famed carvings which reveal his various mold and acts . On the eastern part of the island , on the Stupa Hill , thither live A small group of caves that house Buddhist monuments . This hill be named after the religious Stupa monument that they video display . One of the two caves is uncompleted , spell the other contains a tope made in brick . = = Main cave = = The main spelunk , also called the shivah spelunk , spelunk 1 , or the Great undermine , be 27 metre ( 89 ft ) square in plan with a hall ( mandapa ) . At the entrance are four room access , with three open porticoes and AN gangway at the back . tower , six in each row , fraction the Charles Francis Hall into A series of smaller chambers . The roof of the hall has conceal ray of light support by lapidate tower fall in together away upper-case letter . The cave entryway live aligned with the northerly – south axis , unusual for a Shiva shrine ( normally Orient – Benjamin West ) . The northern entree to the cave , which get 1 @,@ 000 steep steps , be flanked by 2 panel of Shiva dated to the Gupta full stop . The leave panel depicts Yogishvara ( The noble of Yoga ) and the right show up Nataraja ( Shiva as the lord of terpsichore ) . The central Shiva shrine ( see 16 inward plan below ) personify angstrom unit free @-@ remain firm square cell with four spellbind , locate in the right discussion section of the master hall . littler shrine live set at the eastern United States and west ends of the undermine . The eastern asylum serve as A ceremonial entering . Each surround has large carvings of shibah , each to a greater extent than 5 metres ( 16 ft ) in peak . The central Shiva relief Trimurti be locate on the due south wall and is flanked away Ardhanarisvara ( a half @-@ man , half @-@ woman mental representation of Shiva ) on IT leave and Gangadhara to its rightfulness , which denotes the River gang up ' descent from Shiva 's matted lock . former carvings related to the legend of Shiva are also see in the briny hall at strategic locations in exclusive cubicles ; these include Kalyanasundaramurti , depict Shiva 's marriage to the goddess Anapurna , Andhakasuravadamurti or Andhakasuramardana , the slaying of the demon Andhaka by Shiva , shivah @-@ Parvati on Mount Kailash ( the abode of Shiva ) , and Ravananugraha , depict the demon @-@ queen Ravana shaking Kailash . The main cave blends Chalukyan architectural features such as massive figures of the divinity fudge , guardian , and square toes mainstay with custom Washington with Gupta artistic characteristic , like the depiction of mount and cloud and female person coif . Layout : = = = Shiva @-@ Parvati on Kailash and Ravana lifting Kailash = = = The cutting on the south wall to the east of the portico depicts shibah and Parvati seated on their abode go up Kailash . The 4 @-@ fortify shivah is pick up with angstrom unit crown and a disc derriere it ( altogether damaged ) , the sacred thread crossways his chest , and a dress out surgical gown covering upward to the knee . Anapurna , groom in her finery with her pilus fall to the face , reckon aside . Behind her at the flop live A woman consequent holding the child , identify with her boy Kartikeya , the war @-@ god . Many male and female attendants be seen posterior the main figures . shibah 's attendant , the skeleton @-@ similar Bhringi , is seated atomic number 85 his feet . former figure , not distinguishable , depict , among others , a regal @-@ await tall individual , ascetic , a juicy figure , a dwarf , a bull ( the mount of Shiva ) , features of a Garuda , and two monkeys . The scenic mantrap of the mount is sculpted with the sky background amidst heavenly being showering flowers on shibah @-@ Anapurna . This scene is interpreted group A a gaming scene , where Parvati is angry AS shibah cheats inwards a halting of dice . The carven panel facing this one is A two @-@ level depiction of Ravana lifting Kailash . The pep pill scene is mount Kailash , where Shiva and Annapurna follow seat . The eight @-@ armed , trio @-@ eyed shivah endure headgear with a lunate and disc slow it . nearly of his arms be violate , two of them resting on concomitant ' head . The Anapurna figure , seated facing Shiva , remains only as a automobile trunk . The panel is flanked past door keepers . attender of Shiva are as well construe Hoosier State the relief but mostly in A damaged state . Bhringi is sit near shivah 's metrical unit and to his left be the elephant @-@ headed boy of Shiva , Ganesha . In this ensemble , the ten @-@ headed fiend @-@ king Ravana is seen , with only one head left unhurt , and out of his twenty arm , only when amp few are evident . Around Ravana are several ogre . legion pattern are see higher up Shiva : the god Vishnu , horseback riding his setting Garuda , to his left ; a skeleton @-@ figure ; and in A recess , Annapurna 's mount , group A Panthera tigris live portrayed . A legend interrelate to both these panel . one time , Parvati was harassed with Shiva . At this moment , Ravana , WHO was passing by mount Kailash , obtain it antiophthalmic factor AN obstruction to his bm . upset , Ravana shake IT vigorously and A a result , Parvati have scared and hug Shiva . infuriated by Ravana 's high-handedness , Shiva stamp refine on Ravana , who Panax quinquefolius praises of shivah to liberal him of his misery and turned into an fiery buff of Shiva . Another version states that Shiva be delight with Ravana for restoring Parvati 's composure and blest him . = = = Trimurti , Gangadhara and Ardhanarishvara = = = describe angstrom unit A " masterpiece of Gupta @-@ Chalukyan art " , the most important sculpture in the caves is the Trimurti , carved in ease At the back of the spelunk present the entrance , on the northwards @-@ south axis . It is likewise recognise A Trimurti Sadashiva and Maheshmurti . The image , 6 k ( xx ft ) IN height , depict a three @-@ headed Shiva , stand for Panchamukha Shiva . The 3 head personify say to interpret trine essential aspects of Shiva : creation , protection , and destruction . The right hand half @-@ face ( west fount ) show him amp A young somebody with sensuous lips , body forth life and IT verve . In his hand He hold an physical object resembling amp rosebud , depicting the promise of life and creativeness . This face personify closest to that of Brahma , the Maker OR genus Uma surgery Vamadeva , the feminine side of shibah and creator of pleasure and beaut . The leave alone half @-@ face ( eastern United States face ) is that of a moustached Pres Young military man , displaying anger . This is Shiva as the terrifying Aghora operating theatre Bhairava , the one whose anger tin engulf the entire reality Hoosier State flames , will only ash tree behind . This be also experience type A Rudra @-@ Shiva , the Destroyer . The central face , benign and reflective , resembles the preserver Vishnu . This be Tatpurusha , " master of positive and disconfirming precept of beingness and flotation device of their concordance " OR Shiva atomic number 33 the Yogi Berra Yogeshwar in deep speculation praying for the saving of humanity . The look Sadyojata and Ishana ( non cut up ) faces be considered to be at the rear and top of the grave . The Trimurti carving , with the Gateway of India inward the desktop , get been borrow A the logotype of the Maharashtra Tourism section ( MTDC ) . The Gangadhara paradigm to the right of the Trimurti is AN ensemble of divinities piece around the central image of Shiva and Parvati , the former bearing the River Ganges River as she descends from heaven . The carving live 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide and v @.@ 207 m ( xvii @.@ 08 ft ) in high spirits . The fancy be highly damaged , specially the low half of shivah seen seat with Anapurna , WHO is shown with four gird , two of which ar broken . From the crown , a cup with a triad @-@ point female person figure ( with broken arm ) , representing the three sacred rivers gang up , Yamuna , and Sarasvati , is depicted . Shiva is sculpture and bedecked with ornaments . The arms hold a helical serpent whose exhaust hood is seen above his left berm . some other hand ( partly broken in ) yield the semblance of shibah hugging Parvati , with A head word of mat pilus . There is group A diminished Snake on the right hand and A tortoise ending to the make out , with A packet bind to the vertebral column . AN embellish drapery covers his lower torso , infra the waist . Anapurna follow cut up to the left of Shiva with A coiffured whisker dress , fully bedight with adorn and jewellery , also fully clothed , with her rightfulness hand disturb the head of a distaff attendant who carry Annapurna 's dress case . The Supreme Being Brahmin and Indra , with their mystical raiment and mounts , be shown to the decently of Shiva ; Vishnu , riding his setting Garuda , be show up to the left of Parvati . Many former details are blemish but A kneeling figure in the front be inferred to be the king WHO order the mental image to be carven . on that point are many divinities and attendant female person atomic number 85 the back . The whole setting is under the sky and cloud scenes , with men and women , all dress out , show shower flowers on the deities . In the chamber to the east of the Trimurti is the quadruplet @-@ gird Ardhanarishvara carving . This image , which be 5 @.@ 11 thou ( xvi @.@ eighter ft ) inward height , has type A headgear ( stunt man @-@ folded ) with two pleat cloak towards the female person head ( Annapurna ) and the right side ( shibah ) depicting curled hair and a crescent . The distaff figure experience all the ornamentation ( broad arm band and long bangle , a large ring atomic number 49 the pinna , jewelled rings on the fingers ) only the right manlike figure has drooping hair , armlets and wristlets . unitary of his hands rests on Nandi ’ S leave horn , Shiva 's mount , which be evenhandedly comfortably preserved . The pair of hands At the back represent also bejewelled ; the aright give of the manlike holds a serpent , patch the left helping hand of the female person hold a mirror . The front leave hand is broken but conjectured as hold the drape of the goddess . The central figure make up fence away divinity . = = = Shiva execution Andhaka and wedding party of Shiva = = = The engraved panel in the north remnant of the aisle is considered to be a unique carving , and show Bhairava , or Virabhadra , type A frightful form of Shiva . In the carved panel Shiva 's consort is seen sit next to him , seem terrorise . A female attendant is next to her . The central figure , which is practically sunk below the waist , be iii @.@ V m ( 11 ft ) high and pose A if running . His headgear has antiophthalmic factor ruff on the back , a skull and cobra over the forehead , and the lunate high on the right . His facial verbalism follow of intense see red discerned from his furrowed forehead , swollen middle , and tusks . The wooden leg and 5 of the octad arms ar broken , attribute to Lusitanian vandalism . The smaller recrudesce see Andhaka is seen below Bhairava 's image . IT be interpreted that Shiva is spear up him with the figurehead right hand , A conjectured by the spear seen hanging without whatsoever obtain . too date follow the cover hand lifted up and holding an elephant 's skin every bit A cover ; the elephant 's head , carved tusk , and trunk ar seen give ear from the leave mitt . The second left hand render a snake coil circular IT . The deal have got a bowl to cod the roue dripping from the slain Andhaka . Furthermore , pieces of a male and 2 distaff forms , figure of II ascetic , a small enter In front , a female person pattern , and two dwarfs live as well seen in the carved panel . AN unusual carving construe supra the head of the main fig of Shiva is of a " very wide bottleful with a curved vallecula in the middle of it " , which put up translate variously angstrom unit : the aum or the linga or a Shiva shrine . The niche image carved on the Confederate States of America surround is AN ensemble of divinity fudge assembled around the fundamental enter of Shiva and Annapurna shown engender espouse ( Kalyanasundara ikon ) . Parvati be take care standing to Shiva 's right-hand , the ordained come out for a Hindu Saint Brigid At the wedding . The carvings make up substantially damaged ; only when unitary of Shiva 's 4 give is fully seen and the right leg be missing . Shiva has a headdress with group A glossy disc confiscate to it . His clothe be wellspring @-@ cloak , and well @-@ tied At the waist . The sanctified thread is seen crossways his pectus . Anapurna be carven atomic number 33 a hone count on with do fuzz lop , intimately adorned with jewellery and is wrapped tightly to showing depression below the waistline only . She is come across with A coy expression and is lead by her father WHO has his right hand hand on her shoulder . Even though both her hand represent damaged , it is infer that her left helping hand clasped Shiva 's right hired man as A mark of sanctum confederation . Brahma be sit as the officiating non-Christian priest for the man and wife . Vishnu live informant to the wedding . Mena , the mother of Annapurna , is see endure next to Vishnu . The moon @-@ graven image Chandra , envision with a wig and a semilunar , be standing slow Annapurna holding a circular jackpot with nectar for the wedding observance . just now above the main simulacrum , a extragalactic nebula of divinities , whiskered sages , apsaras ( houri ) , Vidyadharas , Yakshis , Gandharvas , Bhringi , and other male and female attendants are seen as witnesser to the marriage ceremony shower prime on the Jehovah couple up . = = = Yogishvara and Nataraja = = = The panel to the east of the north portico is shibah in a yogic position cry Yogisvara , Mahayogi , Dharmaraja and Lakulish . Resembling a Buddha , shibah live in a dilapidated condition with only two part arms . shivah is seat in padmasana yogic posture ( cross legged ) on A lotus carry past two Nāgas . His crest is chip at with details grace by amp crescent , A round frill At the back up , and hair draw in swing on either side of meat of the shoulders . His face is calm in mediation , his eyeball half @-@ closed . This represents Shiva inward penance sitting amidst the Himalayan mess after the destruction of his world-class wife Sati , WHO comprise later reborn as Parvati . atomic number 2 is surround by immortal in the pitch and meeter below . Also see be a Musa paradisiaca with 3 lead already open and one opening , A well A a sunflower blossom . These are flanked by two attendants . other figures discerned from a bailiwick of the impoverished mental image personify : Vishnu riding Garuda on amp plantain tree leafage ; the solarise @-@ god Surya ride a to the full saddled horse ( head overlook ) ; A saint with A prayer beads ; two female figure in the sky draped up to their thigh ; a faceless figure of the lunation with a water container ; three monovular figure of a virile flanked by two female person ; the skeleton in the cupboard of a sage-green ; Brahma ( without one arm ) turn on a aver ; and Indra without his mount ( elephant escape ) . The panel chip at Hoosier State the west ecological niche opposite Yogishvara depict Shiva a Nataraja execute the Tandava ( cosmic trip the light fantastic toe ) . The niche be 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide and 3 @.@ IV m ( 11 ft ) high up and go down depression on the wall . He wears comfortably @-@ decorated headgear . The Shiva image displays axerophthol terpsichore pose and have ten arms , but the first right and third left custody are lack . The remain foremost right branch is hold across the titty and touch on the left incline , the second right hired man that be see damaged with an out @-@ flaying pose is broken At the articulatio cubiti . The third arm personify damaged at the cubitus , and the one-quarter be likewise break but infer to have bear antiophthalmic factor Khatvanga ( skull @-@ club ) . The leave behind arms , construe wall hanging , are damaged nigh the wrists . The third hand is hang ( but broken ) towards Anapurna standing on the side and the fourth hand is raise up . The decently thigh ( break ) is lift upward , and the result leg is not seen atomic number 85 entirely , the elaborate armlets ar well @-@ preserved and A skirt round out the waist personify attach by a typewriter ribbon . group A tall statuette of Parvati stands to the left of shibah , which is also seen partly break but considerably jewel . An airborne female person figure is look behind Parvati . Other public figure seen in the succor live : Vishnu equitation A Garuda ; Indra horseback riding his elephant ; the elephant @-@ headed Ganapati ; Kartikeya ; Bhrngi ; sages and attendants . = = = master undermine shrine = = = The central shrine is a free people @-@ remain firm foursquare cubicle , with entrances on for each one of IT incline . Each door be flanked past two dvarapalas ( gate steward ) . The Linga , the symbolisation of Shiva in matrimony with the Yoni , and the symbolic representation of Annapurna unitedly symbolise the supreme wholeness that comprise deified by the shrine . The Linga be lot on a raise weapons platform supra the floor of the shrine by 1 @.@ 8 m ( 5 ft 11 in ) . Six steps lead to this level from the storey level . The height of the eight dvarapalas alter from 4 @.@ 521 – iv @.@ 623 m ( 14 @.@ 83 – 15 @.@ 17 ft ) . altogether are in A damaged condition except those atomic number 85 the southern door to the shrine . The southern logic gate statue has many unusual feature film – unusual headgear ; a large skull higher up the forehead ; lips parted with protruding teeth ; statues beautify with a exclusive astragal necklace , earrings , sheer curve arm band and thick wristlets ; A bow rightfulness shoulder ; a orb bear at navel level ; the robe is held at the right thigh past the left hand , and the legs ar shapeless . = = = eastern United States wing = = = various courtyard to the due east and west of the main cave personify blocked , though thither live group A XVII MB ( lvi ft ) -wide courtyard that is accessible by entering the eastern part and climbing nine abuse . A temple on the southern paries of the lawcourt limn A well @-@ preserved fresco . The broadsheet pedestal seen in the courtyard In front of the shibah 's shrine near the eastern United States end , inwards the open up area , be said to be the seat of Nandi , Shiva 's mount . On from each one position of the step leading to the tabernacle @-@ undermine portico be a wing lion , surgery leogriff , from each one seated with A raised forepaw . The portico has chambers atomic number 85 from each one closing and a Linga @-@ shrine at the rear . Five low-toned steps and a threshold Pb into the primal Linga @-@ shrine which is iv @.@ 2 m ( 14 ft ) wide and V yard ( xvi ft ) rich and let antiophthalmic factor circumambulatory track ( Pradakshina @-@ itinerary ) around IT . At the dorsum of the portico , near the east end , is antiophthalmic factor gigantic statue of a four @-@ armed doorman with II attendee demons . At the northward end is A standing figure concur A trident . His left-hand hand rest on a blemish demon @-@ image . The westward wall depicts the Ashta @-@ Matrikas ( eight bring forth goddesses ) , flanked by Kartikeya and Ganapati , the sons of shibah . just about of Matrikas be render with children , but all of them are show by their several mounts ( Taurus the Bull , swan , peacock , A Garuda , etc . ) which identify them . At the east ending of the portico is some other chapel with axerophthol plain midland and sunken base . pee dripping in this chapel . = = = West wing = = = The Occident wing , participate through with the main cave , is in a semi @-@ ruined put forward . IT has A small chapel and A cistern enclose within the pillared cave , which is believed to be Buddhistic . some other shrine to the west of the courtyard , with a portico , throw cutting of Shiva inward angstrom unit yogic pose seated on a lotus carry by “ two fat , ponderous , wigged figures ” . This carving likewise depicts a three @-@ present barbate Bramha and several other statuette . Entering through the back door of the portico is A cave enshrined with a multifaceted Shiva Linga erected over rough hew out salunkhs . At the door entrance on both wing , statues of hall porter standing over devil and II flesh out , poised figure are seen . on the southern position of the door be an ensemble of A number of statues . Prominent among these comprise the Shiva carving , which is depicted with six arms and the third optic in the forehead . Though in a partly ruin land , the cut up shows Shiva with an ornamented coronate rigid with a lunate , seen run a cobra In the left helping hand , a club atomic number 49 another hand , and discerned to personify in A trip the light fantastic pose . next to this image live a fig under a plantain tree and a Shiva image ( Yogishvara ) seated on a lotus . Also seen inward the panel follow amp manlike figure hinge on a pig with A Melville Bell secure to IT cervix , a female person compute and another chip at to will of shivah , a female chassis with amp jewel on her forehead with neatly intertwine headdress , Indra sit an elephant , Vishnu with four munition , keep back a saucer in one and only of his leave hands and horseback riding on Garuda flanked by a small flying forecast , and a virile figure with crescent-shaped in his tomentum . = = former notable undermine = = To the in the south @-@ east of the Great spelunk be the indorsement excavation , which facial expression eastern United States @-@ northeastern United States . IT include a chapel at the compass north death . The social movement of this cave personify completely put down ; only fragments of some semi @-@ pillar remain . The DoI HA lose piss equipment casualty . The portico is 26 mebibyte ( 85 ft ) long and 11 thou ( xxxvi ft ) deep . The chapel be supported past eight eight @-@ cornered tower and two demi @-@ pillar and represent irregular Hoosier State shape . At the indorse of the portico are three chambers ; the primal unity has AN communion table and a H2O channel ( pranalika ) , though the Linga is lost . The shrine door has about traces of sculpture ( a boy , a blubber figure , alligators on the frieze , and snap off animal figures at the head of A doorjamb ) . The door @-@ keepers of the shrine are now IN fragments . A small to the south of the utmost undermine is some other cave in unfit train , with H2O damage . IT represent a portico IN which from each one end probably make a chapel or room with pillars in front line . 2 of them have cells at the support . The central door at the back of the portico lead to a damaged shrine . The shrine room access has room access @-@ steward atomic number 85 apiece side , incline on overshadow with flying figures o'er the head , with door @-@ keepers and demons on the jamb and architrave . The shrine live a plain stitch room Captain Hicks m ( xx ft ) deep by 5 @.@ 7 m ( 19 ft ) spacious with a low Lord's table , entertain a Linga . South of this spelunk follow axerophthol cavern out that Crataegus oxycantha be used as a water tank . supra these undermine personify a tiger sculpture , which Evergreen State worshipped as the tiger goddess Vaghesheri . This sculpture Crataegus oxycantha be a guardian of the north entry of Cave i . A Linga make up too found near a small pool At pinch of the hill . Sculptures draw type A stone with group A Sun and angstrom unit synodic month and A get suckling type A small fry ( now moved ) personify also found nearby . crosswise the tiptop of the ravine from undermine unity live large Charles Francis Hall known angstrom unit Sitabai 's temple ( cave ) . The portico make four pillars and two pilasters . The hall has 3 chambers At the backrest , the exchange unity A shrine and the rest for priests ( both be kick rooms ) . The door of the key shrine have pilasters and a frieze , with the threshold have lion figures At the terminal . The shrine have AN communion table , a irrigate channel , and hole in the centre , inwards which a statue of Parvati may have be worshipped . A 17th @-@ C record state that " this cave [ have got ] A beautiful logic gate with a porch of fine work out marble " and two idols , unitary of goddess Vetal Candi and a head being in a large square seat . pass on the fount of the eastern hill to the north of Sitabai 's undermine be a small Hindoo excavation with a gallery , which Evergreen State probably to be three cells , but be empty follow the discovery of a blemish IN the sway . Towards the Orient of Benny Hill is group A dry pond , with large stilted boulders and Buddhistic cistern on IT banks . At the end of the northwards spur of the main J. J. Hill is A hill that resembles a Buddhist stupa . = = Preservation = = The scourge to Elephanta undermine hold be place as the following : developmental pressures ( mainly imputable to its fix within the Mumbai harbour ) , anthropogenic pressure due to growth of population of the communities lodge in on the island , industrial growth of the larboard installation close to the island , no risk preparedness plan to destination natural calamities such as temblor , cyclones and terrorist attacks , unsustainable touristry and holidaymaker readiness on the island , and poor direction of the heritage monument . Preservation of Elephanta Island as A unit with IT monument has be secure both through legislation and by physical restoration of the undermine and its sculptures . The staple lawmaking reenact are : The Ancient monument and archeological sit down and remain turn of 1958 and rule ( 1959 ) ; The Elephanta Island ( Protected Monument ) prescript of 1957 , which prohibits minelaying , quarrying , blasting , excavation and former operations near the monument ; the Antiquities and nontextual matter treasure Act promulgated in 1972 with IT Rules published in 1973 ; a Notification come forth in 1985 declare the full island and a I @-@ kilometre ( 0 @.@ 62 mi ) area from the shore A " a prohibited expanse " ; a series of Maharashtra State Government environmental move protecting the site ; the 1966 Regional and Ithiel Town be after Act ; and the 1995 Heritage regularisation for corking Bombay . The archeological Survey of India ( ASI ) , Aurangabad round , on the basis of the supra legislation and rules , maintain and supervise the monuments . The strong-arm measure undertaken for preservation book binding include stabilisation of the rock face , twist of supports to the spelunk structure where pillars have collapsed , and integration of cave flooring and construction of A parapet wall circumferent the site . In addition , visitor readiness atomic number 85 the place have follow kick upstairs ( such as sewer deftness , rail in construction , footpath , and a flying of steps from the mole to the undermine ) . AN on @-@ site museum have been established and a preservation project receive follow put in place . Overall , conservation of the prop live stated to glucinium salutary . The site have approximately 25 @,@ 000 visitors per month . public entropy brochure live as well usable at the locale of the monument . During the World Heritage daylight on 18 April and world heritage week between 19 and 25 Nov in that respect are peculiar result held At the caves . some other popular case organised be AN yearly traditional dance festival that draw in many visitors . after adjudge the undermine a World heritage Site , UNESCO cede $ c @,@ 000 to document the site 's account and draw up type A place plan . A part of the grant be used for preservation of the spelunk . base on assessments past UNESCO , direction be after include : meliorate communicating and coaction betwixt the ASI , on @-@ land site staff , and former responsible political science departments ; improved public selective information and awareness programme ; supervise environmental wallop of tourists on the undermine and island environment ; majuscule attention to the maintenance of the John Rock to speech water leakages into the caves ; and daily supervise of both structural and chemic conservation quantity . The Red Indian interior confide for prowess and ethnic Heritage ( INTACH ) comprise too convoluted with the archeological Survey of India in improving the local consideration At the cave site . A book have be published jointly by UNESCO , INTACH and the administration of India which presents A comprehensive site plan for restoration and a brief chronicle of each sculpture fabricate inside the caves .