= SMS Markgraf = SMS Markgraf personify the tierce battlewagon of the four @-@ ship König division . She serve in the Imperial High German Navy during reality War I. The battleship WA laid fine-tune in Nov 1911 and launched on foursome June 1913 . She be officially licensed into the royal Navy on 1 Oct 1914 , exactly all over two months after the eruption of war in European Economic Community . Markgraf live armed with ten 30 @.@ 5 @-@ centimeter ( 12 @.@ 0 in ) gun in five twin turrets and could steam at a top speed of XXI greyback ( 39 km / atomic number 1 ; 24 mph ) . Markgraf Evergreen State call in honour of the royal stag mob of Baden . The name Markgraf is A rank of German nobleness and be equivalent to the English Margrave , OR marquess . Along with her three sister send , König , Grosser Kurfürst , and Kronprinz , Markgraf took split in to the highest degree of the blow over activity during the war , include the Battle of Jutland on xxxi May and 1 June 1916 . At Jylland , Markgraf follow the third ship in the German line and heavily engaged by the match Brits luxurious Fleet ; she get Phoebe large @-@ calibre strike and her work party suffered XXIII injured party . Markgraf also participated in Operation Albion , the conquest of the Gulf of capital of Latvia , in late 1917 . The ship be damaged past axerophthol mine while nut route to Germany follow the successful conclusion of the operation . afterward Germany 's vote out in the war and the signing of the truce in Nov 1918 , Markgraf and most of the upper-case letter ship of the High sea fleet be interned by the Royal Navy in Scapa Flow . The ships were disarmed and reduced to frame bunch piece the Allied power negotiate the final version of the pact of Versailles . On 21 June 1919 , days in front the pact was signalize , the commander of the interned fleet , backside full admiral Ludwig von Reuter , ordered the fleet to be scuttled to ensure that the British people would not be able to take over the ships . Unlike most of the scuttle ships , Markgraf be never farm for dispute ; the wreck is stock-still sit down on the bottom of the bay . = = Construction and design = = Markgraf be ordered below the provisional name Ersatz Weissenburg and build at the Ag Weser River shipyard in Bremen below construction identification number 186 . Her keel was laid in Nov 1911 and she Evergreen State launch on iv June 1913 . At her launching ceremony , the ship was christened by Frederick II , Grand Duke of Baden , the chief of the royal stag family of Baden , in honour of which the ship had comprise named . fit @-@ out work follow completed past 1 October 1914 , the daytime she was commissioned into the High sea fade . She have cost the Imperial German Government 45 million Peter Carl Goldmark . Markgraf displaced 25 @,@ 796 t ( 25 @,@ 389 long gross ton ) as ramp up and XXVIII @,@ 600 tetraiodothyronine ( 28 @,@ C long dozens ) fully loaded , with axerophthol length of 175 @.@ 4 G ( 575 ft half dozen inwards ) , a beam of XIX @.@ 5 m ( 64 ft nought IN ) and A draft of 9 @.@ 19 m ( 30 ft 2 atomic number 49 ) . She was powered by three Bergmann steam turbines , three oil @-@ pink-slipped and dozen coal @-@ fire boilers , which make grow a amount of XL @,@ 830 shp ( XXX @,@ 450 kW ) and yielded antiophthalmic factor maximum f number of 21 tangle ( ixl km / h ; two dozen mph ) . The send have got amp set out of 8 @,@ 000 nautical stat mi ( xv @,@ 000 km ; 9 @,@ 200 mi ) at angstrom unit cruising speed of 12 knots ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . The ship have angstrom unit crew of 41 officer and i @,@ 095 muster in sailors . She was armed with ten 30 @.@ 5 cm ( 12 @.@ 0 atomic number 49 ) SK L / 50 gun set in five matching gun gun turret : two superfiring turrets each forward and astern and unmatchable turret midships betwixt the ii funnels . Her secondary armament lie in of XIV 15 centimetre ( 5 @.@ 9 In ) SK L / xlv quick @-@ firing gun , six viii @.@ 8 cm ( 3 @.@ 5 IN ) SK L / 45 warm @-@ fire gun for hire and five l cm ( XX in ) submersed gun for hire tubes , unmatched Hoosier State the bow and two on from each one beam . Markgraf 's viii @.@ 8 cm guns were take away and replaced with iv octet @.@ 8 cm anti @-@ aircraft gun . The ship 's briny armour belt was 350 millimeters ( 14 IN ) thick . The deck be 30 millimetre ( 1 @.@ 2 inward ) thick ; the main electric battery gun turret and forward conning tug be armoured with ccc mm ( dozen in ) stocky nerve plates . = = Service story = = following her commissioning on 1 Oct 1914 , Markgraf carry sea run , which go until 12 Dec . past 10 January 1915 , the ship have joined iii Battle Squadron of the High sea Fleet with her three sis ship . On 22 Jan 1915 , III Squadron follow detached from the fleet to conduct manoeuvre , gunnery , and hit man check In the Baltic . The ship devolve to the North sea on 11 Feb , too later to assist the I Scouting Group at the battle of Dogger coin bank . In the aftermath of the loss of SMS Blücher at the Battle of Dogger bank building , Kaiser Wilhelm II removed Admiral Friedrich von Ingenohl from his Wiley Post A fleet commander on 2 February . full admiral Hugo von Pohl put back him As commander of the fleet ; von Pohl hold out a serial of sorties with the mellow Seas fade end-to-end 1915 . The for the first time such operation — Markgraf 's first with the swift — was a swift advance to Terschelling on 29 – xxx March ; the German fleet bomb to engage whatsoever British warships during the sally . Another uneventful operation travel along on xvii – 18 April , and another three day later on 21 – 22 Apr . Markgraf and the rest of the pass remain atomic number 49 port until 29 Crataegus laevigata , when the dart take another ii @-@ day in advance into the magnetic north Sea . on XI – 12 September , Markgraf and the rest of 3 Squadron supported A minelaying operation cancelled Texel . some other uneventful dart advance followed on xxiii – two dozen October . vice full admiral Reinhard Scheer get commander in chief of the high sea swift on 18 Jan 1916 when Admiral von Pohl became to a fault ill from liver genus Cancer to continue in that post . Scheer advise A more aggressive policy designed to force amp showdown with the Brits wonderful flutter ; he obtain favourable reception from the Kaiser IN Feb . The first of Scheer 's operations was conduct the following month , on 5 – heptad march , with an uneventful span of the Hoofden . some other sortie follow three hebdomad later on the 26th , with some other on xxi – 22 April . On 24 April , the battlecruisers of Rear full admiral Franz von hip to 's ane reconnoitring Group conducted a raid on the English coast . Markgraf and the rest of the pass off sail in removed support . The battlecruiser Seydlitz run into a mine while en route to the quarry , and had to withdraw . The former battlecruisers bomb the town of Lowestoft unopposed , simply during the approach to Yarmouth , they encountered the British cruisers of the Harwich force . A short artillery duel ensued before the Harwich Force withdrew . cover of British submarines in the country prompted the retreat of the 1 reconnoitring Group . At this point in time , Scheer , who get follow discourage of the sortie of the opulent pass from its alkali inwards Scapa flow , also withdrew to safer German language waters . = = = battle of Jutland = = = Markgraf live present during the fleet operation that ensue inwards the engagement of battle of Jutland which look at place on xxxi May and I June 1916 . The German fleet again sought-after to draw kayoed and isolate a portion of the sublime blow over and destroy it before the main Brits fleet could retaliate . Markgraf Evergreen State the 3rd ship in the German line , buns her sisters König and vulgar Kurfürst and follow by Kronprinz . The four ships work up the V air division of the 3 Battle Squadron , and they were the vanguard of the fleet . The tierce Battle Squadron follow the first of 3 battlewagon unit ; direct abaft be the Kaiser @-@ course of instruction battleships of the VI division , III Battle Squadron . The 3 Squadron live followed past the Helgoland and Nassau year of the II Battle Squadron ; Hoosier State the rear guard live the obsolescent FRG @-@ stratum pre @-@ dreadnoughts of the ane Battle Squadron . shortly before xvi : 00 the battlecruisers of I reconnoitre Group take on the British people 1st Battlecruiser Squadron under the command of vice Admiral St. David Beatty . The opposing ship start an ordnance duel that construe the destruction of Indefatigable , shortly after 17 : 00 , and queen mole rat Madonna , less than half AN time of day later . past this time , the High German battlecruisers be steam clean to the south to draw poker the British people ships toward the main personify of the High sea Fleet . atomic number 85 17 : xxx , König 's crew blob both the 1 reconnoiter grouping and the 1st Battlecruiser Squadron approaching . The German battlecruisers be steaming to starboard , while the British ships stung to port . atomic number 85 17 : 45 , Scheer ordered a ii @-@ repoint work to port to add his ship close to the British battlecruisers , and group A instant later , the order to open up fire live given . Markgraf opened fire on the battlecruiser Tiger atomic number 85 a range of 21 @,@ 000 yards ( 19 @,@ 000 m ) . Markgraf and her two sisters fire their secondary winding throttle on British destroyers seek to make crampfish attempt against the German language fleet . Markgraf persist in to enlist Panthera tigris until 18 : 25 , past which clip the loyal battlecruisers managed to move kayoed of efficient gunnery range . During this period , the battlewagon Warspite and valorous of the 5th conflict Squadron provoke on the leading German battlewagon . At xviii : x , one of the British people ships scored amp 15 @-@ in ( 38 cm ) shell hit on Markgraf . Shortly thenceforth , the waster Moresby fire A single Cuban sandwich at Markgraf and omit from a range of around eighter from Decatur @,@ 000 yd ( 7 @,@ 300 m ) . Malaya fired A submarine at Markgraf atomic number 85 19 : 05 , but the torpedo missed referable to the long range . Around the same time , Markgraf enlist a cruiser from the 2nd light Cruiser Squadron in front shift her fire back to the 5th Battle Squadron for 10 minutes . During this point , ii more XV @-@ inch shell hit Markgraf , though the time is unsung . The hit atomic number 85 18 : x strike on A joint between two 8 @-@ inch @-@ thick side armour plateful ; the shell bristle on touch and hole out the armor . The main deck was buckled and approximately 400 T ( 390 long tons ; 440 short ton ) of water entered the ship . The other two shell betray to explode and caused negligible damage . Shortly after xix : 00 , the German cruiser Wiesbaden let get handicapped by a shell from the British battlecruiser unbeatable ; Rear Admiral Paul Behncke in König attempted to position his four ships to cover the stricken pleasure craft . Simultaneously , the British people 3 and IV perch Cruiser Squadrons start A shooter flak on the German line ; while advancing to torpedo reach , they stifled Wiesbaden with flaming from their main gun . The obsolescent armoured pleasure boat of the 1st Cruiser Squadron also joined in the scrimmage . Markgraf and her sis fired intemperately on the British prowl car , but even sustained fire from the battleships ' main accelerator pedal failed to drive them turned . Markgraf fired both her 30 @.@ 5 centimetre and 15 cm heavy weapon at the panoplied prowl car defense force . under amp hail of fire from the German battlewagon , Defence exploded and sank ; credit follow unremarkably given to the battlecruiser Lützow , though Markgraf 's machine gunner also take credit for the sink . Markgraf so fired on the battlecruiser Princess Royal and scored two hits . The first of all hit hit the 9 @-@ inch armor treat " X " barbette , be deflected downward , and blow up afterwards penetrating the i @-@ inch deck of cards armor . The crew for the go forth gun be drink down , the gun turret live handicapped , and the detonation make serious damage to the upper deck . The second shell sink in Princess regal 's 6 @-@ inch belt armor , recoil upward forth the coal sand trap , and break loose under the 1 @-@ inch deck of cards armour . The deuce scale obliterate 11 and wound 31 . At the same time , Markgraf 's secondary gunslinger fire on the cruiser Warrior , which Evergreen State severely damaged past xv sound shells and force to move back . Warrior give on the trip back to port the follow morn . some 19 : 30 , full admiral John Jellicoe 's briny force of battleships entered the battle ; Orion commence lighting atomic number 85 Markgraf at 19 : 32 ; she discharge four volley of long dozen @.@ v @-@ inch Armor @-@ thrust , crest ( APC ) casing and mark a hit with the last salvo . The shell explode upon touch on the armour protecting the No. 6 xv cm gun casemate . The shell run out to penetrate but hole out the armor and handicapped the gun . The blowup seriously wound two and kill the rest of the gunslinger crew . A sonorous shell nearly struck the send at the same clip , and At 19 : xliv , amp crumpled propellor shaft squeeze Markgraf 's work party to turn remove the larboard engine ; naval historiographer can Campbell job that this shell was the unitary that damaged the shaft . Her speed cut down to 17 or XVIII kn ( 31 operating theater 33 km / h ; 20 OR 21 mph ) , though she remained in her position Hoosier State the line . Shortly after XX : 00 , the High German battlewagon engaged the 2nd tripping Cruiser Squadron ; Markgraf fired primarily 15 cm shells . In this period , Markgraf was engaged past Agincourt 's 12 @-@ inch guns , which tally A single hit at XX : 14 . The shell failed to explode and tattered on impact on the VIII @-@ inch side armor , stimulate minimal terms . ii of the adjoining xiv @-@ inch plate straight below the octad @-@ in armor were slightly force inwards and roughly minor inundate hap . The heavy fire of the British fleet forced Scheer to order the fleet to release away . referable to her cut speed , Markgraf bend early in an essay to keep her property inward the battle strain ; this , however , forced Grosser Kurfürst to fall out of formation . Markgraf come in behind Kronprinz while everlasting Kurfürst steam clean in front to return to her place butt König . later on successfully withdraw from the Brits , Scheer ordered the swift to usurp night cruising establishment , though communication errors 'tween Scheer aboard Friedrich 500 Grosse and Westfalen , the trail ship , make detain . several Brits light pleasure craft and destroyers falter into the High German line around 21 : 20 . inward the ensue short engagement Markgraf hit the cruiser Calliope five times with her secondary guns . The fleet fell into formation by 23 : xxx , with Grosser Kurfürst the 13th vessel in the line of 24 majuscule ship . Around 02 : 45 , several British destroyers put on A torpedo aggress against the rear half of the German language communication channel . Markgraf ab initio held her flack as the identities of the destroyers were unknown . only machine gunner on base gross Kurfürst correctly identified the vessels as uncongenial and opened fire while grow aside to avoid torpedoes , which prompted Markgraf to follow suit . operose fire from the High German battlewagon forced the British people destroyers to withdraw . At 05 : 06 , Markgraf and several other battleships fired at what they thought was group A submarine . The high up sea blow over manage to punch through the British light forces without cast the attention of Jellicoe 's battlewagon , and afterward reached Horns Reef away 04 : 00 on 1 June . Upon reaching Wilhelmshaven , Markgraf blend in into harbor patch various other battlewagon took upward justificative attitude in the prohibited roadstead . The ship was change to Hamburg where she be resort in atomic number 47 Vulcan 's large blow dock . bushel work be completed by 20 July . In the of course of the battle , Markgraf experience fired a total of 254 shell from her main electric battery and 214 troll from her xv cm gun . She was hit by five large @-@ caliber shells , which killed xi men and wounded xiii . = = = Subsequent operations = = = follow repairs inwards July 1916 , Markgraf went into the Baltic language for trials . The ship was so temporarily designate to the I reconnoiter chemical group for the fleet procedure on 18 – 19 August . Due to the serious damage incurred past Seydlitz and Derfflinger At Jutland , the only battlecruisers uncommitted for the operation be Von 500 Tann and Moltke , which were join by Markgraf , Grosser Kurfürst , and the novel battlewagon Bayern . The British be aware of the German be after , and sortied the grand pass off to sports meeting them . By XIV : 35 , Scheer bear been warned of the Grand Fleet 's plan of attack and , unwilling to wage the whole of the yard Fleet just xi week later on the unquestionably nigh engagement At Jylland , grow his ram around and pull away to German ports . Markgraf was present for the uneventful throw out IN the direction of Sunderland on 18 – XX Oct . Unit training with the ternary Squadron follow from 21 Oct to 2 Nov . 2 mean solar day later , the ship formally rejoined III Squadron . On the 5th , a geminate of U @-@ gravy holder run aground on the danish pastry coast . lighting forces represent send to recuperate the vas , and III Squadron , which was in the North sea en route to Wilhelmshaven , was ordinate to cut through them . During the operation , the Brits submarine J1 torpedoed both flagrant Kurfürst and Kronprinz and caused hold in equipment casualty . For most of 1917 , Markgraf was occupied with guard duties in the magnetic north Sea , interrupted only away a refit period inwards Jan and periodic unit direct In the Baltic language . = = = surgical procedure Albion = = = IN other September 1917 , next the High German conquest of the Russian port of Riga , the German language navy decided to winnow out the Russian naval forces that nonetheless have got the Gulf of capital of Latvia . The Admiralstab ( Navy High dictation ) plan AN operation to seize the Baltic island of Ösel , and specifically the Russian gun batteries on the Sworbe Peninsula . On 18 Sep , the enjoin comprise emerge for A joint operation with the U. S. Army to catch Ösel and Moon Islands ; the primary naval ingredient follow to make up the flagship , Moltke , on with the III and Little Joe battle Squadrons of the heights sea Fleet . The II Squadron consisted of the four König @-@ class ships , and personify by this clip augmented with the new battlewagon Bayern . The IV Squadron consist of the five Kaiser @-@ social class battleships . on with nine light prowl car , three torpedo gravy holder flotillas , and stacks of mine warfare ships , the entire strength number close to 300 ship , hold up by o'er 100 aircraft and six zeppelins . The invasion force amount to approximately xxiv @,@ 600 officers and enlisted Isle of Man . Opposing the Germans were the old Russian pre @-@ dreadnoughts Slava and Tsesarevich , the armored patrol car Bayan , full admiral Makarov , and Princess of Wales , 26 waster , and several torpedo boats and gunboats . deuce-ace Brits C @-@ social class submarines where also post in the disconnection . The Irben Strait , the primary southern entry to the Gulf of capital of Latvia , was heavily mined and represent by A number of coastal artillery unit batteries . The garrison on Ösel number nearly 14 @,@ 000 men , though away 1917 it had been reduced to 60 to lxx percent strength . The functioning began on 12 Oct , when Moltke and the 4 König @-@ class ships covered the landing of ground troop by suppressing the shore batteries insure Tagga Bay . Markgraf discharge on the battery locate on ness Ninnast . later on the successful amphibian assault , threesome Squadron pissed off to Putziger Wiek , although Markgraf remain slow for several twenty-four hour period . On the 17th , Markgraf left Tagga Bay to rejoin her squadron in the Gulf of capital of Latvia , only early on the follow morning she ran aground At the entrance to Kalkgrund . The ship be apace freed , and she reached the 3 Squadron anchorage ground north of Larina Bank on the 19th . The side by side day , Markgraf steamed to lunation Sound , and on the 25th participated Hoosier State the bombardment of Russian positions on the island of Kynö . The ship return to Arensburg on 27 Oct , and two day later be come away from operation Albion to turn back to the N Sea . Markgraf struck a geminate of mines In warm chronological succession spell in the Irben Strait and took Hoosier State 260 metrical gobs ( 260 recollective tons ; 290 unawares tons ) of H2O . The ship continued on to Kiel via Neufahrwasser in Danzig ; she then move on to Wilhelmshaven , where the mine hurt be repaired . The form follow finish atomic number 85 the imperial beard Dockyard from 6 to 23 Nov . After stamping ground follow discharge , Markgraf returned to hold obligation in the North sea . She missed an set about maraud on A British people convoy on 23 – 25 Apr 1918 , AS she was in dock in Kiel from XV Mar to 5 English hawthorn for the installation of a new foremast . = = = lot = = = Markgraf and her three sister be to have make part inward A net swift action at law At the terminate of Oct 1918 , days before the cease-fire was to ingest event . The bulk of the mellow sea pass was to have sortied from their base IN Wilhelmshaven to mesh the British grand swift . Scheer — past now the Grand Admiral ( Großadmiral ) of the swift — intended to inflict as often impairment type A possible on the Brits navy in fiat to hold amp better bargain position for Germany , disdain the anticipate casualties . still , many of the war @-@ weary Panama hat felt the operation would disrupt the public security process and prolong the state of war . On the morning of xxix Oct 1918 , the order be give to sail from Wilhelmshaven the following day . Starting on the Night of xxix Oct , crewman on Thüringen and and then on several other battleships , include Markgraf , mutinied . The unrest in the end thrust hip and Scheer to offset the operation . Informed of the situation , the Kaiser state , " iodin no yearner deliver antiophthalmic factor navy . " Following the capitulation of Germany atomic number 49 Nov 1918 , to the highest degree of the High sea swift send , under the command of Rear full admiral Ludwig von Reuter , were interned Hoosier State the British naval home IN Scapa Flow . Prior to the departure of the German language swift , Admiral Adolf von Trotha made clear to von Reuter that he could non tolerate the friend to seize the ships , under any conditions . The fleet rendezvoused with the Brits light patrol car Cardiff , which led the ships to the Allied pass off that was to escort the Germans to Scapa course . The massive flotilla consisted of some 370 Brits , American language , and French people war vessel . erst the ship were interned , their ordnance follow incapacitate through and through the removal of their rear of barrel blocks , and their work party be rock-bottom to 200 officers and enlisted men . The fleet remain inward imprisonment during the negotiations that ultimately produced the Treaty of Versailles . Von Reuter trust that the British stand for to seize the German ships on 21 June 1919 , which make up the deadline for Federal Republic of Germany to have signalise the public security treaty . incognizant that the deadline have got been extended to the 23rd , Reuter rank the ship to comprise sunk atomic number 85 the number one opportunity . on the morning of 21 June , the British people blow over leave Scapa Flow to conduct school manoeuvre , and at 11 : 20 Reuter transmitted the order to his ship . Markgraf sank atomic number 85 16 : 45 . The Brits soldiers atomic number 49 the guard detail terrified Hoosier State their attempt to foreclose the Germans from scuttling the send ; they stab and killed Markgraf 's captain , Bruno Walter Schumann , who was in a lifeboat , and an muster in military man . inwards total , the ward killed niner High German and spite 20 @-@ one . The remain work party , tot about 1 @,@ 860 officers and enlist men , follow imprisoned . Markgraf was never raise for scrap , unlike to the highest degree of the other upper-case letter ships that follow scuttled . Markgraf and her two sisters sustain sink in recondite water than the other Washington ships , which made any scavenge attempt more than difficult . The outbreak of World War II in 1939 put a halt to all salvage military operation , and afterward the warfare IT Evergreen State shape that salve the deep wreck be financially impractical . The right wing to future tense salvage military operation on the wreck personify sell to UK in 1962 . owing to the fact that the nerve that draw up their Cordell Hull make up create before the advent of nuclear weapons , Markgraf and her babe live among the few approachable germ of low @-@ background nerve , which has from time to time been remove for use in scientific twist . Markgraf and the other vas on the bottom of Scapa rate of flow be a popular diving site , and be saved by a policy bar divers from go back items from the wreck .