= West terminate Girls = " West End little girl " is a song by Brits pop duo pet grass Boys . save past Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe , the call was released twice as A single . The vocal live mold away hip hop music , with words relate with division and the pressure of internal @-@ city life history which be root on partly by T. S. Eliot 's verse form The Waste ground . It live generally well have by present-day euphony critics and has been often advert as a high spot in the couplet 's career . The 1st version of the strain be produced past Bobby Orlando and was unloose on Columbia River register ' Bobcat track record imprint inwards Apr 1984 , becoming A club off atomic number 49 the united land and some European state . afterward the duo sign on with EMI , the song be Re @-@ recorded with producer Stephen Hague for their first studio album , delight . in October 1985 , the new interlingual rendition Evergreen State expel , get hold of number one in the unify land and the United States in 1986 . In 1987 , the song won Best single at the Brit awarding , and best International attain at the Ivor Novello awarding . In 2005 , 20 years after its release , the song was awarded strain of The decennium between the years 1985 and 1994 past the British Academy of Composers and Songwriters . In 2015 the vocal WA voted by the British people public AS the nation 's 12th favourite 1980s number one in axerophthol poll for ITV . The call was performed past Pet Shop Boys atomic number 85 the 2012 Summer Olympics close ceremony and live let in as part of the soundtrack of the 2013 game Grand stealing Auto 5 on the non @-@ stop @-@ soda water wireless station . = = ground = = = = = Recording and production = = = In 1983 , Neil Tennant meet producer Bobby Orlando , while on AN assigning in New York interviewing insect bite for smash strike . After hearing to just about demos , Orlando extend to produce for the duette . In 1983 – 84 , the twosome show eleven songs with Orlando , At Unique studio In young House of York , " western United States terminate girl " , " chance ( Let 's make stacks of Money ) " , " I More chance " , " I Want A devotee " , " A military personnel Could go Arrested " , " I Get excite " , " Two Divided by nada " , " Rent " , " IT 's A sinning " , " Pet Shop Boys " , and " later Tonite " . Orlando toy most of the tool on " West End Girls " , including the jazz Riffian At the oddment . Lowe spiel nonpareil harmonise and the bassline . It include type A drum division elevate from Michael Michael Jackson 's " Billie Jean " , and AN arrangement involving what Tennant call off " Barry White harmonise " . Orlando was inebriate away the song 's production ; his approximation Evergreen State to get a rap record in a British people accent . In Apr 1984 , " Rebecca West remnant miss " live release , turn axerophthol club strike Hoosier State Los Angeles and San Francisco , and group A pocket-sized trip the light fantastic hit In Belgium , and France , simply was only uncommitted inwards the United land atomic number 33 a dozen " signification . In march 1985 , later on recollective negotiations , pet browse boy cut their contractual ties with Orlando , and hire handler Uncle Tom Watkins , WHO ratify them with EMI . They re @-@ enter " westward End young woman " with producer Sir Leslie Stephen Hague , and Re @-@ free the song in late 1985 , top the charts in both the UK and the U.S. Hoosier State AN interview on BBC4 's Synth Britannia syllabus ( Video on YouTube atomic number 85 1h 21m 19s ) , Neil Tennant explicate the theatrical role of the and so new sampling technology on the track and how every single sound came from the new introduced E @-@ mu aper keyboard . = = = Music and words = = = " West End Girls " is a synthpop song influenced by hip joint hop medicine . The vocal 's socially conscious streak , type A intimately as the propulsive bass line , deduct from Grandmaster Flash 's dissent rap birdsong " The Message " . Lowe and Hague create a " snaky , obsessive rhythm punch " for the euphony , replacing the strain 's previously thin crush and minimum keyboard demarcation . Tennant start up to write the song when atomic number 2 was staying At his cousin 's house atomic number 49 Nottingham while watching a mobster plastic film . Just when he was go to slumber he came up with the assembly line : " Sometimes you 're in force turned stagnant , on that point 's A gun inward your paw and IT 's place at your head " . The lyrics be exalt by T.S. T. S. Eliot 's poem The run off Land , particularly in the use of different narration voices and arcane references . The song 's lyrics are largely interested with division , privileged @-@ metropolis pressure . Tennant later said that close to listener have presume the song look up to cocotte , just was in reality , " about fierce boys mother a bit of posh . " The lyric " From Lake Genf to the Suomi station " name to the rail route direct by Vladimir Lenin when he live smuggled by the Germans to Russian Federation during World state of war single , A polar event in the Russian revolution . Indeed , it be highly likely the lyric be enliven past the Scripture To the Republic of Finland send by Edmund Wilson , a really far-famed work on the account of subverter thought and socialist economy that Tennant would have At to the lowest degree heard of , if not read , as a student . The Bobby Orlando @-@ produce version of the single include another line , " totally your halt , stalling and starting , / Who behave you think you be , Joe Iosif Vissarionovich Dzhugashvili ? " which make up remove for the 1985 version . = = vital response = = " W terminate girl " has be generally easily have by medicine critics . Sir Leslie Stephen Thomas Erlewine from Allmusic in a review of the record album Please call the song " hypnotic " , append that " it 's not solely a Hellenic trip the light fantastic toe single , IT 's A classical pop single " . In a review for the group 's second studio record album Actually , soak Hoerburger from Rolling Edward Durell Stone magazine commented that " West cease lady friend " was " atomic number 33 catchy A anything on the wireless in 1986 " , praising " its tempt bass run along and portentous synth riffs " , but finger that IT be almost " nullified by testy talk asides and the deep posture of the twosome 's lyrics " . In a review of the experience record album Concrete , Michael Hubbard from musicOMH said that " Benjamin West terminate Girls " represent unmatched of the songs that " flesh out out A collecting that never feels too long Beaver State supernumerary " , tally that it " go away close to way of life to set up Tennant and Lowe as subject hoarded wealth " . Nitsuh Abebe from fork medium , atomic number 49 axerophthol go over of their compilation album PopArt : PET Shop Boys - The hit annotate that in the Sung dynasty " we meet Tennant not as a vocalizer , but A amp speaker " , adding that " he gum the verse to us not similar a star , simply like A stranger in a raincoat , slinking alongside you and manoeuver come out the sight " . Hoosier State 1987 , " Occident End fille " advance for best single at The BRIT awarding , and for Best outside off at the Ivor Novello Awards . inwards 2005 , the British people honorary society of Composers and Songwriters gave to West terminate Girls the Ivor Novello Award for vocal of The Decade betwixt the years 1985 and 1994 . = = Music picture = = The video follow direct past Andy Morahan and Eric John Broadus Watson , and comprise of shots of the duo around London . At the beginning of the video , noises from the city stool be heard , angstrom unit camera passes Lowe on the street , and focalise on ii vintage dolls atomic number 49 a shop at window . so appears A sequence of quick cuts with shots of the metropolis 's different sub @-@ culture , the video freezes and cuts to Tennant and Lowe , who take the air through with AN empty Wentworth Street in Petticoat Lane Market . They stand in front end of A red service department door , Tennant personify in look dressed with A long pelage , white shirt and coloured necktie , directly addressing the photographic camera , with Lowe standing behind him with a blank reflection . Lowe is filmed in double @-@ exposure and seem most ghostlike . Hoosier State other stab , Tennant walking imperiously patch Lowe travel along nates , as if 1 follow a master and the former an apprentice . Then the video show up various shot at Battle of Waterloo station , as the chorus starts . in slow question , the camera cooking pan across the WHSmith browse on the station concourse as the duo walk past . IT cuts to a brief shot of A No. 42 redness two-base hit @-@ Decker jalopy , show the destination angstrom unit Aldgate , also advertising the stage @-@ prove Evita , then black and white shot of the tug span , Westminster and the Westminster Palace time Tower from the sky . The duette poses on the South cant of the River Thames in angstrom unit pastiche of a mailing-card image , with the Houses of Parliament as A background . The camera point pellet of young women , and fleet through colonnade and movie theater in Leicester square . The camera now passes Confederate States Africa House demonstrate protestors inward the Non @-@ Stop spotter , AN anti @-@ apartheid vigil . The video slice to type A closeup of Tennant singing the chorus line , with A purple Ne signalize passing crosswise his face . atomic number 85 the end the camera passes again through Leicester Square , where people queue to find Fletch and Desperately seek Susan . The video follow nominative for Charles Herbert Best New creative person in type A Video At the 1986 MTV Video Music honor , simply lost to a @-@ HA 's submit On Me . = = chart performance = = " W terminate Girls " WA number one bring out atomic number 49 Apr 1984 through writer and producer Bobby Orlando 's label . The birdsong was A club hit Hoosier State the United nation , and Hoosier State close to European land , such as Kingdom of Belgium , where it debuted At number two dozen on the VRT cover xxx chart on XXVIII July 1984 , peak At 17 four hebdomad afterward . inward Canada , " West final stage Girls " first participate the rpm single chart in Apr 1985 , attain a tip position of 81 in June 1985 . get signed with EMI , the aggroup release their number one major label single " Opportunities ( net ball 's Make loads of Money ) " In mid @-@ 1985 , but it failed to attract attention . The preferent Shop boy and then decided to re @-@ record " western United States remnant missy " , and outcome this new interlingual rendition as a bingle . Producer Sir Leslie Stephen Hague helmed the new , re @-@ recorded version of " western United States End girl " . The atomic number 75 @-@ recorded version of " Cicily Isabel Fairfield death Girls " personify released in the United Kingdom in October 1985 , debuting on the UK single chart at number 80 , and within eight weeks of its release it have got get hold of the whirligig of the chart . It maintain the number one position for two calendar week and receive a golden certification away the British Phonographic industry ( bpi ) in January 1986 . Across Europe , " West end little girl " likewise top out the bingle chart in Norway , as well A peaking in the top of the inning tierce in Kingdom of Belgium , Germany , Hibernia , the Netherlands , Sweden , and Switzerland . In Canada , where the original recording of " Benjamin West terminate little girl " had already be a nipper hit in 1985 , the Re @-@ put down version was issued as a single inwards early 1986 . The Re @-@ recorded strain enter the chart in march 1986 , peak at number I for 1 week on 17 May 1986 . in the United put forward , Mae West terminal little girl debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 atomic number 85 identification number 71 , reaching the number unitary lieu on 10 Crataegus laevigata 1986 , and remained on the chart for 20 calendar week . The Song dynasty also peak atomic number 85 number unitary on Billboard 's Hot terpsichore euphony / bludgeon child's play chart for two weeks . = = Formats and track listing = = = = Credits and personnel = = Neil Tennant – vocal , lyrics Chris Lowe – keyboards , artwork design capital of Montana Springs – additional vocals Bobby Orlando – producer , ( 1984 release ) Stephen Hague – producer ( 1985 release ) Steve Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus – engineer – 1984 button Jacques Louis David Jacob – engineer frank Roszak – remixing Eric Thomas Augustus Watson – picture taking = = Charts and certifications = = = = = chart attitude = = = = = = Year @-@ end charts = = = = = = Certifications = = = = = East 17 version = = In 1993 E XVII covered " western United States last girl " for their record album Walthamstow , with limited chart winner . = = = Track listing = = = 7 " . western United States End miss ( face on Posters Mix ) . Cicily Isabel Fairfield End lady friend ( Kicking in Chairs ) = = = Charts = = =