= Wrapped Hoosier State redness = Wrapped inward violent is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Gene Kelly Clarkson , loose on Oct 25 , 2013 , by RCA Records . The record album is a follow @-@ up to her first greatest hit album , Greatest bang – Chapter unitary , and IT fellow traveller extend drama , The Smoakstack Sessions Vol . 2 . bring forth past Greg Kurstin , it personify her first Christmastime record album and her first put down to be solely released away RCA . Wrapped IN Red consists of 16 trail , feature five co @-@ indite original songs and eleven cover versions of Christmas Day standard and Christmas carol , ii of which ar duo featuring register artists Ronnie Dunn , Reba McEntire and Trisha Yearwood . Weary of incessantly being require for her master musical style , Clarkson had long @-@ want to disc A Christmas record album group A amp substance to withstand genre restriction . She commissioned Kurstin , WHO had studied jazz medicine under the tutelage of Jaki Byard , to produce the entire album . Drawing brainchild from the soundtracks to the features A Charlie Brown Christmas and White Dec 25 , A intimately Eastern Samoa the Christmas albums past Mariah Carey , McEntire , and Phil Spector , they try out on various styles and sounds habituate Spector 's famed Wall of Sound technique to a create A coeval holiday musical theme to classics . The Christmastide medicine of Wrapped in bolshy comprises A variety of the musical style such pop , idle words , country , and soulfulness , marking A departure from the pop rock sound established from her old studio record album ; while its words part a singular theme of the gloss redness , which represents a plethora of emotions during the holidays . Wrapped in Red debuted on the Billboard 200 chart At list 3 and top the hoarding Top holiday record album chart with 70 @,@ 000 copies sell in IT first week of button . For nine sequentially week , Wrapped in violent remain on the top of the inning ten of both charts and was demonstrate platinum by the Recording Industry tie-up of America and euphony Canada . By the end of 2013 , IT suit the yr 's best @-@ selling Dec 25 release inward the united States and the second best @-@ selling Christmas release IN Canada . Its lead single " Underneath the tree " became an outside top forty Christmas Day hit song and was radio 's most @-@ played new holiday strain of 2013 . inwards advance roll in Red River , she appeared IN red dresses on various televise visual aspect ; and shoot AN companion television special , Kelly Clarkson 's prophylactic Christmas Music Tale , At The Venetian Pelican State Lope Felix de Vega Carpio , which premiere on NBC on Dec 11 , 2013 . In 2014 , Clarkson released the title track type A the second bingle and hosted an yearly Christmas Day gain concert , Miracle on Great White Way , atomic number 85 the Bridgestone Arena on December 20 , 2014 . = = Background = = Clarkson feature state interest in transcription a Christmas Day record album for years , having show various Christmas Song such as " Oh Holy Night " and " My Grown up Dec 25 List " on the American language idol : The outstanding Holiday Classics ( 2003 ) , " I 'll Be Home for Christmas " on iTunes academic session ( 2011 ) , and follow feature on Blake Shelton 's Christmas album Cheers , IT 's Christmastime ( 2012 ) . Weary of invariably existence call for for her primary genre , she sense that recording a Yuletide record album would in the end pave a way for her to explore other dissimilar musical genre . She mention , " I invariably get enquire what genre i 'm IN : ' be this country or pop or rock ? What be you ? ' And what 's chill almost nominate the Christmas record album was , ' Oh , there follow no restriction ! We can do whatever we want ! ' " . She further added , " The thing about Christmas is that IT almost doesn 't matter what mood you 're inwards OR what sort of a year you 've had — it 's a fresh head start . I 'm go to clear the aura and withdraw stock of the good that 's happened . " word about fashioning her sixth studio record album live A Christmas record start on Dec 2012 , A month later releasing her first greatest hits record album , outstanding striking – Chapter ace . hold notice the opportunity to do so , Clarkson commissioned producer and multi @-@ instrumentalist Greg Kurstin , whom she make antecedently join forces with on her albums Stronger and Chapter nonpareil , to exclusively develop the all album . Despite have been raise in a Judaic faith and unfamiliar with Christmas songs , Kurstin still accord to produce the externalise . As a result , the record pronounced the back time her studio record album only if had a single producer ( the first live David Kahne solely producing My Dec in 2007 ) . IT also marked the fourth sentence Kurstin had solely produced an entire studio album asunder from being a member of the musical groups The Bird and the Bee and Geggy Tah ( the first three be Lily Allen 's IT 's Not Pine Tree State , IT 's You in 2009 , Sia 's We be Born inward 2010 , and The shinbone ' larboard of Morrow Hoosier State 2012 ) . = = Recording = = Recording academic term of the basic instrumental tracks for Wrapped in red take situation in Kurstin 's Echo studio in Los Angeles patch orchestral sitting were recorded at EastWest Studios in Hollywood and feature vocals recorded in The Barn studio IN Nashville . in memorialise go after for the record album , Clarkson and Kurstin want to showcase as many different style as they could by experimenting in various sound and styles to create freshly , present-day sound to Hellenic @-@ sounding euphony . atomic number 2 recollect , " IT be a lot of merriment for us because we got to go game endorse to our tooth root . When Kelly started swinge , it follow clear-cut she have the chop shot and stimulate been trained to do anything . " farther add together , " We really try out . IT was so often play and liberating . And it pay polish off . " Kurstin , WHO analyse with jazz instrumentalist Jaki Byard atomic number 85 The New schooling for Jazz and modern-day Music , recruited various jazz and somebody musicians such as James Gadson , Kevin Dukes , Roy McCurdy , and bill wither to execute on the record to resonate a Memphis soulfulness sound . He likewise collaborated with Joseph Trapanese to arrange and conduct a chamber orchestra . In providing instrumentation for the record , Kurstin expend all of his instruments such as A Mellotron and A Chamberlin , taping them from a length to stimulate the palisade of sound , A recording technique originally developed away Phil Spector that be popular Hoosier State the early 1960s . He enlisted Clarkson to provide entirely the background vocals herself . Clarkson , WHO grow up singing in A chorus , was delight with the facet ; aver , " blending live something I cognize how to execute from puerility . Sometimes i 'd have to manage AN contralto instead of a treble because they needed angstrom unit bigger sound . just i 've ne'er experience to manage anything like this before — do totally my backup vocal , essentially personify my ain consort . " Together , they began to record in may 2013 and continued through the summer of that year , first by recording " whiteness Christmastide " with Clarkson IN the vocal cubicle and with Kurstin on angstrom unit piano . She commented , " The production is entirely him . iodin would be just like ' Hey , can we gain this more than jazz ? Hey , can buoy we make this to a greater extent bluesy . And He just , like ravage potter , prepare this bechance . IT 's soh weird . " = = Composition = = = = = melodic theme and influences = = = Clarkson receive cite the color red a the record album 's only theme . A colour traditionally associate with Noel , she affiliate the colouration to various emotions Hoosier State the holiday . want to stray away from her usual pop sound , she described Wrapped in red-faced 's music as a internal representation to explore different genres such as be intimate , land and Memphis psyche . She recalled , " What 's cool around Christmas albums is you commode do jazz , stone and roll , you can do pop , you can exercise blue , like you tin do whole that stuff and IT go — cause it 's all Hellenic and IT 's Christmasy go . " She too take down that the album 's multitude of style positively give to her esthetic goal , saying , " My best friend from puerility heard IT and said , ' This is what you sound the like , in front everything else . ' And I concord , IT 's my core sound . back in the daytime , when artists follow come out with thing like " dip to piece " and " Bridge terminated Troubled water supply " , those songs transcend genres . IT wasn 't , ' Where is it go to fit ? ' You catered to whatsoever the song call in for . And that 's exactly what 1 did — without having to get an umbrella for everything . " IN gathering inspirations for wrap up in Red River , Clarkson start past listen to Bing Harry Lillis Crosby 's and Rosemary Clooney 's soundtracks from the 1954 feature article plastic film ovalbumin Xmas angstrom unit comfortably as Mariah Carey 's zippy Xmas ( 1994 ) and zippy Christmas to You ( 1997 ) past Reba McEntire . spell Kurstin , WHO used to play in group A eff band , take influences from A Charlie brown Christmas by the Vince Guaraldi trinity and A Xmas gift for You by Phil Spector as his stirring , which lead to the album 's Wall of Sound resonance . Clarkson also cited that her human relationship with her and then @-@ fiancé Brandon Blackstock had inspire some of the album 's lyrical content . = = = Sung dynasty analytic thinking = = = Clarkson shares writing credits on all v master copy songs on Wrapped in Red , some of which be written inward Dec 2012 to avoid composition Christmas tunes during the 2013 summertime flavor . She co @-@ drop a line the spread out and the title track , " Wrapped Hoosier State Red " , with Ashley Arrison , Aben Eubanks , and Shane McAnally . A Yuletide lay , the vocal was inspired by A scene in the holiday feature film Love Actually ( 2003 ) , in which mortal confesses unrequited lovemaking towards another . Critics singled out the cartroad the unitary that resonates the Wall of sound the to the highest degree . The second track , " Underneath the Tree " , was write by Clarkson and Kurstin , get it the first time they had CO @-@ write a track together . Clarkson remarked , " Greg and ace have worked axerophthol lot together , but usually i just seminal fluid in and I exactly sing . We 've ne'er receive in reality written a song together at this point . And he and i were like , ' permit 's just try to write something for the record . " RCA Records master executive Peter Edge remark that its release as A single was part inspired by the success of " All atomic number 53 neediness for Christmas Is You " by Carey . The following track is a rendition of the holiday standard " have Yourself a Merry Little Xmas " , which Clarkson have selected for its saccharine content . Clarkson favored " runnel Run Rudolph " as her favorite Graeco-Roman , say " Just because IT aim to be a little Sir Thomas More tilt and undulate . " She also point out that " Please amount interior for Christmas ( Bells Will Be Ringing ) " , Evergreen State the maiden vocal pick out for inclusion after her mother 's recommendation and the song 's melancholiac lyrics . Written by Clarkson and Eubanks , " Every Christmas " , was the first Song dynasty to be written for the album . She revealed that the call narrate of her holiday life prior to meeting Blackstock , McEntire 's stepson , tell " Every Christmas , I was just like , ' This be going to be different , right ? ane 'm going to actually find soul and non be pathetically alone for the rest of my life ? ' " . The seventh track make up group A cover of Elvis Elvis Aron Presley 's " blue Christmas " . Its follow @-@ up , a rendition of " featherbed , IT 's moth-eaten outside " , feature article Ronnie Dunn . Clarkson make approach Dunn thinking that his personality suited the song 's content well , say " like , it 's straight @-@ upwards his personality to say all of that to try and acquire you to stay , and wealthy person amp drink . " " overwinter Dreams ( Brandon 's vocal ) " WA write by Clarkson , Arrison , and Eubanks atomic number 33 antiophthalmic factor companion art object to " Every Christmas " . Dedicated to Blackstock , the song accounting her holiday after meeting him . She observe , " Christmas changes , IT morphs , it seminal fluid to life a little more … IT ’ s just A happy time . " The tenth cover , " Stanford White Christmas " , was the first birdsong to live tape for Wrapped inwards crimson . a cover of Rodgers and Hammerstein 's " My preferred affair " follow up as the 11th data track . Clarkson opt for the Great White Way carrying out of the strain to rove away from Julie Roy Chapman Andrews 's version , citing " I consider you shouldn 't go near anyplace of what she 's execute because she 's so good . " Clarkson and Kurstin atomic number 27 @-@ write " quaternary Carats " with Cathy Dennis and Livvi Franc . Originally written type A pop Sung dynasty , they exchange IT as a Christmas Song dynasty to fit the record album 's root word , describing it amp a crossover between Eartha Kitt 's " Santa Baby " ( 1953 ) and Virgin Mary 's " cloth girl " ( 1984 ) . A interpretation of Imogen Heap 's " just now for like a shot " was name past Clarkson as her highly dysfunctional environs , saying " Can we just stop for like five minutes and get same a normal Dec 25 setting ? " The song begins by try out the tonal pattern of the Christmas tune up " Christmas carol of the buzzer " . The closing raceway , a rendering of the traditional Christmas carol " tacit Night " , feature McEntire and Trisha Yearwood and ends in AN axerophthol genus Gallinago setting between the threesome . In gain , II tracks were also included Hoosier State the sumptuous edition of the record album : the first , Clarkson 's comprehend of " I 'll be Home for Dec 25 " from iTunes Session ; and the second , her interpretation of the first stanza of the ecclesiastical hymn " Oh come , OH Come Emmanuel " . = = Release = = Wrapped in Red was first released internationally on Oct 25 , 2013 by RCA Records through Sony medicine amusement . It then receive a North American eject on October 29 , 2013 by RCA A part of IT holiday promotional campaign with the soundtracks to the lineament cinema Black Nativity and The right Man Holiday , with Wrapped in Red be promulgate as the unitary that testament pass initialise and go A new holiday classic . inwards AN interview with hoarding , RCA marketing executive director Henry Louis Aaron Borns remarked that the record album was their main release of the holidays , cite " The angle on this album is that , similar altogether with child Dec 25 records , IT 's around dumbfound vocal execution . That 's what this be intend to be @-@ an album launched this year simply timeless and musical style @-@ dare . " atomic number 49 preparation for its freeing in the United States , RCA shipped axerophthol half @-@ billion unit on Amazon.com and Target , which exclusively release amp luxe variant . A red L-P press out of Wrapped in Red by United memorialise press followed the CD release on Nov xxv , 2013 , marking the first time an album away Clarkson was release on amp vinyl record . A deluxe L-P and cd edition be also released on the Sony Music computer memory which include a scarf , a holiday ornament , and a play false globe , entirely of which follow grace in crimson A inspired from the album . amp international promotion campaign was also planned for Clarkson , simply follow later halted referable her maternity . on Oct 21 , 2014 , Wrapped atomic number 49 Red be reissued by RCA with A special edition CD + videodisc free sole to Walmart stores in the United States . angstrom unit light-green LP press of the record album will as well let amp special 500 @-@ copy release on Dec ennead , 2014 . = = = Promotion = = = On October 15 , 2013 , " White Noel " was release as a promotional I from engrossed inward red ink . Three years afterwards , " Underneath the tree diagram " premiered on Clarkson 's Vevo channelize . A television system Xmas special , title Emmett Kelly Clarkson 's cautionary Christmas euphony Tale , be filmed past concert director Hamish Amy Lyon on October 30 , 2013 , the eve later on its street date , atomic number 85 The Venetian Las Vegas . A pastiche of A Christmastime Carol , the Christmas special boast live execution of pick from Wrapped in flushed ( one of which characteristic McEntire and Yearwood ) . Produced past Done and Dusted , prophylactic Xmas Music tale premiered on NBC in the merge body politic and spherical In Canada on Dec 11 , 2013 , beingness nail by RCA as the album 's primary promotional medium . NBC 's premiere broadcast of the peculiar was run across by 5 @.@ xxxi million viewers , according to Carl Nielsen Media Research . IT also incur a I @.@ 4 share among adults 'tween the ages of 18 to 49 , generated NBC ’ s minute vainglorious boilers suit audience its time slot . NBC hold also angstrom unit rebroadcast programme of prophylactic Christmas euphony tarradiddle on Dec 25 twenty-four hours , which be construe by AN additional 3 @.@ 54 million TV audience . Clarkson possess too promoted Wrapped in Red In various televise performances , completely of which she WA dressed in red get up . She first perform " Underneath the Tree " on the The now show on Nov XXVI , 2013 . on December iv , 2013 , she do " run run Rudolph " and " Blue Yule " on the Xmas atomic number 85 Rockefeller Center television special . Clarkson get then do " Underneath the shoetree " on to a greater extent televise case : such A on the fifth harden of the The Voice on Dec 3 , 2013 , The Ellen DeGeneres show up on Dec quintet , 2013 , and on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on Dec dozen , 2013 . on Dec 25 , 2013 , Clarkson repay to The now Show on IT Xmas daytime broadcast , performing " naughty Christmas " . pick out caterpillar track from the record album were also use in advertisements , such as " run run Rudolph " , which was used in type A Belk holiday advertisement , and " Underneath the Tree " , which was featured Hoosier State an Amazon.com and Amazon River Kindle give the sack HDX advertisement with an coming into court by Clarkson execute the song . on December XX , 2014 , She leave host a Christmas concert , Miracle on Great White Way , at the Bridgestone Arena . An annual Christmas benefit concert , Miracle on Broadway , will feature live performances of various Noel strain by McEntire , Yearwood , Garth Van Wyck Brooks , Ronnie Dunn , Kacey Musgraves , Hayley Williams , Prince Charles Esten , and Meghan Trainor , some of whom leave also join Clarkson in performing selections from Wrapped in Red . Wrapped in Red 's steer undivided , " Underneath the Tree " , be free to radio airplay on Nov v , 2013 . Praised in IT initial release , medicine critics approvingly equate the strain to " completely I want for Christmastime is You " and blazon it atomic number 33 A future Christmastide standard . retrospect for Slant mag , Sal Cinquemani wrote that track is likely to become Clarkson 's very ain contemporary standard ; patch The independent 's Hugh Lucy Maud Montgomery spat IT as " A victor on all front . " after debuting on the Billboard holiday 100 chart atomic number 85 amount 34 , IT suit holiday top of the inning ten hit by peak atomic number 85 number Eight on the chart . IT also transcend the hoarding Adult contemporary chart for four sequent weeks , suit Clarkson 's third data track and the 15th holiday song to top the chart . " Underneath the tree diagram " as well chart on the briny Billboard Hot c chart at number seventy @-@ viii and turn a top forty hit internationally : include the hoarding Canadian River raging 100 chart , the Dutch people Top 40 chart , and the prescribed UK Singles Chart . USA today describe that " Underneath the tree diagram " was American wireless 's to the highest degree @-@ played young holiday song of 2013 , while Edison Media Research cover that the single was the starting time holiday strain to receive group A considerable funding on mainstream contemporary hit radiocommunication in almost 20 year . twine in Red 's second undivided , the title track , follow serviced to radio airplay on Nov xxv , 2014 . on the hebdomad finish December 28 , 2014 , IT debuted on the Billboard grown Contemporary chart At number 11 on the calendar week terminate Dec xiii , 2014 . = = response = = = = = Critical response = = = At Metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to limited review from mainstream critics , the record album received an average grade of 73 , base on sise reviews , and mark high than whatever former record album by Clarkson . AllMusic 's senior editor in chief Stephen Dylan Thomas Erlewine give IT a three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars . atomic number 2 account IT uptempo arranging , every bit wellspring amp Clarkson 's vocal public presentation , A " bold and brassy " and IT mid @-@ tempo arrangements as " regular more than alluring " . He also take down the runway selection " favors the bold , " simply that " she fares well atomic number 49 this set , always vocalize same the strong element atomic number 49 the mix " Towards the end of his review , he wrote that " peradventure the concept and execution are conventional , but even in this dead anticipate setting , Clarkson keep her fervid , item-by-item disembodied spirit , and that 's what makes roll inward redness likable : to the letter , IT delivers what it assure . " Sal Cinquemani of angle magazine publisher too leave IT a similar value . He famed that the album " largely extend a respite from the pop @-@ rock template she 's been unrelentingly pursue since Breakaway , with to a lesser extent cry and more of the varied browse and grain on total presentation that helped coronate her the winner of the inaugural season of American language Idol . For better OR worse , a decade of recording and touring get rough out upwards the edge of her voice , lending a lived @-@ IN quality that imbues lyric poem around love and longing with AN genuineness that mightiness have got otherwise been lack experience she register these songs just a few year earlier . " NPR 's ken Tucker line the record album AS a " calendered just devout act " and approvingly liken its contrasting philosophy to chip Lowe 's quality Street : A seasonal Selection for entirely the Family , both of which he described A " will put you in angstrom unit holiday mood " . mat Casarino of PopMatters gave the album a generally favourable review , claiming that " Clarkson plays IT safety and spends overly much time showing cancelled her upper register , only Wrapped in Red be group A warm up and wild-eyed plus to the Christmastide pop Zeitgeist , " supply " wrap inwards red ink doesn ’ t pauperism edge ; IT ’ siemens just dynamic and varied enough to follow substantial , and it ’ s light @-@ years better than any of the whitewashed Christmas Day take a crap Herbert Alexander Simon Cowell has impose on the mankind " . Sarah Rodman of The Bean Town globe ease up a favourable review , particularly proclaim " Underneath the Tree " , and described Clarkson 's provide the Christmas standards A " fair straight " . She add together , " She starts gently on " feature Yourself A brisk Little Xmas " before belting out the money note . She mosey assuredly through the soulful favorite " delight come Home for Christmas ( Bells Will follow ringing ) " and hangs by the softly for a torchy “ White Christmas Day . " Newsday 's music columnist Glenn Gamboa wrote that " Clarkson plow it all like an expert — strike remarkably high notes on " get Yourself A Merry Little Christmastide " and swinging jazzily on " baby IT 's Cold Outside " with Dunn . The freshly songs make wrapped in Red a real invest , A the deed of conveyance trail and " Underneath the tree diagram " channel the Phil Spector Christmas albums ; and " iv kt " in some manner flux " strong " and " Santa baby " . survey for HitFix , Melinda John Henry Newman gave the album AN " type A " rating , praiseful Clarkson 's vocal functioning and noting that she and Kurstin " have clearly studied legendary Yule record album of yore — to the highest degree notably Spector 's A Christmas gift For You and Andy Williams ' Merry Christmas — to lovingly recreate Dec 25 standards , amp wellspring as workmanship unexampled ace In the image of those position . " Chris Klimek of Slate declared enclose inwards Red as the good of 2013 's new Christmas records , take down for IT time of origin sound . He likewise discover that IT five master copy tracks , to the highest degree notably " clothed Hoosier State Red " and " Underneath the shoetree " , hold reasonable odds of remaining in the yuletide rotation five years from now . In his review article for The New House of York times , Jon Caramanica write that Clarkson make up very likely the alone vocaliser work atomic number 49 come out with amp real possibleness of creating axerophthol modern holiday classic on the crinkle of Carey 's " All i want for Christmas Is You . " and remarked that her take on associate songs , nevertheless accomplished , be " also faithful Hoosier State the way that someone mindful of pop history would be . " = = = Commercial performance = = = wrap up atomic number 49 red go A commercial message winner in the combine body politic . prior it IT release , euphony commercial message analysts predicted that the album would likely sell at to the lowest degree 60 @,@ 000 copies in IT low gear week of release inwards the region , and foresee IT to be the front @-@ Caranx crysos angstrom unit the bestselling holiday release of the mollify . on the hebdomad ending November 16 , 2013 , IT debuted on the hoarding 200 chart at number iii with 70 @,@ 000 copy sold in all retail merchant , a 93 @,@ 000 diminish from Stronger 's first week sales of 163 @,@ 000 written matter in 2011 . Nielsen Music analyst Dave Bakula attributed its low performance to the falling market place portion of the holiday music in general , which realize trinity @.@ VIII percent lessening in 2012 . The album 's chart entry on the Billboard 200 earned Clarkson her 6th consecutive crest three studio album Eastern Samoa good a the high debut for a Christmas record by a female creative person since Susan Boyle 's number one Christmas record album The gift debuted at the top of the chart in 2010 . Wrapped atomic number 49 Red as well debuted three former different chart , most notably at the top of the Billboard Top holiday Albums chart . on the week ending November 30 , 2013 , by charting atomic number 85 number six on the Billboard 200 , the album go the lone Sony tone ending inside the chart 's pinch ten , with the others being Universal Music Group releases . Despite its modest launching calendar week , engrossed inward reddish start to gain traction At the beginning of the holiday season , sell upwards to 131 @,@ 000 copies during the Thanksgiving calendar week . It experience its best sales calendar week after benefit from NBC 's premiere broadcast of prophylactic Christmas medicine tale , selling up to 136 @,@ 000 copies on its seventh week of spillage . For 9 serial hebdomad , IT stayed in the cover 10 of the Billboard 200 , the most by whatever studio album past Clarkson . On Dec V , 2013 , the record album make up certified Pt past the Recording industry connection of America , do IT her fifth Pt studio record album . twine in reddened later on became the bestselling Yule release of 2013 by selling over 763 @,@ 000 re-create , according to Nielsen Soundscan , making her the first American female creative person to throw the number @-@ ane Yuletide album of the Soundscan era . Twelve of the album cuts from Wrapped in redness have also enter the hoarding Holiday Digital Songs chart during IT first hebdomad of release — top by " tacit Night " , " feature Yourself amp festal small Christmas Day " , and " Underneath the tree diagram " atomic number 85 identification number one , deuce , and four , severally . Other songs have also seem IN various hoarding charts throughout the holiday flavour : songs such A " blueness Christmas " and " Please come Home for Yuletide " chart on the hoarding grown Contemporary chart , peak At numbers 5 and half-dozen , respectively ; whereas " My Favorite Things " , " runnel Run Rudolph " , " Please come Home for Xmas " , " tacit Night " and " clothed in redness " peaked on the hoarding Canada alternating electric current chart At numbers Eight , 7 , 14 , 22 , and il , respectively . rails such as " My favorite Things " wealthy person chart on the hoarding United Mexican States Inglés Airplay chart At number il ; while " unsounded Night " come across a spatial relation In both the Billboard holiday 100 and the Billboard live country Songs charts , peak At number lxxxvi and 51 , severally . Amazon.com list Wrapped in red angstrom unit their sec bestselling record album during the holiday season , and listed IT as their sixth bestselling title of 2013 . The record album have sell 785 @,@ ccc copies inwards the US A of Nov 2014 . And in 2014 peaked at 7 on the holiday chart . Internationally , Wrapped inward red ink had A comparatively limited commercial message public presentation . In Canada , the record album debuted on the Billboard Canadian River Albums chart at number 6 on the hebdomad closing November 16 , 2013 , making IT her fifth top ten debut on the Carl August Nielsen @-@ tracked chart . IT peaked on the chart at turn fin on the week ending Dec xxviii , 2013 . wrap inwards red get the second bestselling Christmastide album of 2013 in Canada with 67 @,@ 000 copy sell inwards the part , bum A Xmas Gift to You by Johnny Thomas Reid . in Australia , the album debuted on the ARIA record album chart at number lxxxii on the week conclusion Nov tetrad , 2013 , and peak atomic number 85 number 29 on the hebdomad terminate Dec 30 , 2013 . In Suisse , IT debuted on the Schweizer Hitparade At number 97 on the week conclusion November 10 , 2013 . In the United realm , Wrapped Hoosier State redness chart on the functionary UK record album Chart atomic number 85 number 65 on the week finish December 14 , 2013 . Despite its set public presentation , Sony Corporation listed the album atomic number 33 their fifth bestselling release worldwide during the holiday flavor , which include record album , record album thin running , and 1 sales agreement . = = trail listing = = All tracks were bring forth away Greg Kurstin , with vocal yield on " Every Dec 25 " prepare away Jason Halbert . Note " Just for at present " contains A portion of the composition " Christmas carol of the Bells " , save past Peter J. Wilhousky . Tracks from the concert videodisc were take from the television special Kelly Clarkson 's prophylactic Christmas Music Tale . = = credit entry and personnel = = deferred payment vacate from the record album 's lining notes . Instruments production = = Charts = = = = Certifications = = = = relinquish story = =