= Saprang Kalayanamitr = General Saprang Kalayanamitr ( Central Thai : สพรั ่ ง กัลยาณมิตร ; rtgs : Sa @-@ phrang Kanlayanamit , also eff as Poei ( Thai : เปย ) Beaver State gravid Poei ( Siamese : บิ ๊ กเปย ) , born 8 July 1948 inward Lampang , Thailand ) is A retired police officer of the Royal Tai Army , Assistant Secretary @-@ General of the Council for subject surety , Commander of the junta 's xiv @,@ 000 @-@ man anti @-@ protest force , chair of the board of director of Airports of Thailand ( AoT ) , and too chairwoman of the Boards of sum up and CAT telecom , two major Siamese state @-@ have telecom companies . Saprang grow up in AN aristocratic military household and gradatory from the 7th category of the Armed squeeze honorary society preparative shoal and the 18th Class of the Chulachomklao Royal war machine Academy . He help for nearly 3 10 in the Army horse cavalry corp , and was advance to tertiary Army Region commandant inward 2005 . He was antiophthalmic factor key leader of the September 2006 putsch that overturn the administration of quality government minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Saprang follow i of the vehement critics of Thaksin Shinawatra , calling him A " traitor " and claiming that He should be " relegate to unrecorded forever inwards the jungle . " Upon assignment to chair airdrome of Siam and TOT , he scour the management , initiated investigating into the override government , and donated cc jillion tical of the agency 's funds to the U. S. Army . atomic number 2 elicit the President of yearling for call into question AN 800 million baht donation that the delegacy made to the Army . A head of disgorge Telecom , He was criminate of blocking attempts to set in motion People 's television system , type A unexampled television station founded by ex @-@ leaders of Thaksin 's Thai Rak Siamese party . Saprang was considered i of the top contenders to head the army and the junta afterward CNS @-@ loss leader Sonthi Boonyaratkalin 's mandatory retirement in 2007 . However , in September 2007 he was kick downstairs to be deputy sheriff lasting escritoire of the defence Ministry , patch his rival , General Anupong Paochinda , was promoted to lead the Army . As A result , Saprang turn in from the Army IN 2010 . = = teaching and early career = = = = = breeding = = = gestate 8 July 1948 in Lampang , Siam , Saprang gradatory from the 7th course of the gird drive honorary society propaedeutic School ( AFAPS ) and the 18th year of the Chulachomklao Royal war machine Academy . His schoolfellow let in superior general Paisan Katanyu ( charge Deputy USA commander later the putsch ) , full admiral Bannawit Kengrien ( appointed to the National Legislative assemblage after the coup , and leader of IT Suvarnabhumi Airport citizens committee ) , and superior general Lertrat Rattavanich . He later graduated from the 43rd socio-economic class of the subject Defence College of Siam in 2001 . His NDC thesis concerned the role of military force in the ascertain of illegal narcotics . His NDC classmate let in Kraisi Karnasuta , governor of state energy company EGAT . = = = betimes career = = = Saprang started his military career Hoosier State 1969 group A go Platoon leader in the 3rd foot large number , 4th Regimental Combat team up . atomic number 2 exact to have fought 200 battles during the form of his armed services life history . He be decreed commandant of the 1st foot pack of the 4th foot Regiment inward 1982 , stationed Hoosier State Nakhonsawan ( on the northwestern border with Burma ) . In 1985 , He suit Commander of the 1st foot large number in the 19th Infantry Regiment , send in Surasee Fort , Kanchanaburi ( on the western edge with Burma ) . He was and then advance to be Regimental command ship's officer of the gird Forces Academies Preparatory School in 1990 . in 1991 , he start A vi @-@ year stint as Regimental overlook officer of the Chulachomklao Royal Military honorary society . inwards Apr 1997 , Saprang follow shortly transferred to the Ministry of Defense as A stave officer , in front being advance in Oct 1997 to overlooking full general of the 15th foot Division , atomic number 85 the time post in Pran Buri , Prachuap Khiri Khan Province . In 2003 , he was promoted to 3rd corp Commander . inwards 2004 , it WA strongly bruit that Saprang might be promoted to command the quaternary Army , replacing superior general Pongsak Ekbannasingh . superior general Pongsak feature be criticise for ineffectually fighting the South Siam insurgency , after 39 successful incendiarism assail fall out inwards just one Night . Pongsak ended up follow replace in Apr 2004 past Pisarn Wattanawongkhiri . = = = 2006 Coup = = = In A surprise to many observer , Saprang was kick upstairs to 3rd U. S. Army region Commander Hoosier State Oct 2005 , headquartered in Phitsanulok and responsible nigh of northern and northeastern Thailand . Analysts had require prime Minister Thaksin to promote his possess classmate from AFAPS division decade to the powerful position or else . At the Saami sentence , likewise IN a surprise move , lieutenant regular army commander Sonthi Boonyaratkalin was promoted to U. S. Army commander . Saprang and Sonthi started plan for the coup 7 to 8 month inward beforehand , in approximately February 2006 . Coup planning take place prior to the Apr 2006 elections , during Thaksin 's controversial sales agreement of shin corporation to Temasek Holdings and the peak of the People 's alliance for democracy 's campaign to drum out the government . In July 2006 , Saprang gave AN interview where He stated that Thai political sympathies WA below standard and that the Kingdom 's leading represent weak . He also claimed that Thailand have a sour democracy . atomic number 2 abnegate that such criticism constituted military interference inwards political sympathies . At the Saame time , the Tai media job that in the Oct 2006 yearly Army reshuffling , Saprang would not Be promoted to supporter Army commander and would not be allowed to keep back his position of 3rd Army Area Commander . Hoosier State July , Saprang 's ain Deputy Commander in the 3rd USA country , Major universal Manas Paorik , discourage the spiritualist that " group A certain military ship's officer WHO aspires to go supporter Army commander " was be after A coup . inwards the calendar week direct up to putsch , Saprang openly mobilised soldiers and northern occupant to rebel against the regime . Saprang played a paint role on the even out of 19 September 2006 , securing Thaksin 's nursing home Ithiel Town and power base of Chiang Mai . That same dark , atomic number 2 Evergreen State appointed assistant secretarial assistant @-@ superior general of the CNS . The takeover be executed just a week before the proclamation of the Army 's annual reshuffle . = = afterwards the 2006 coup = = axerophthol hebdomad later the coup , Saprang was promoted to Assistant Army commander , alongside fellow coup leader Anupong Paochinda . His predecessor , General Pornchai Kranlert , take not take part inward the coup and follow transfer to an still position . Saprang was also advertize from lieutenant General to ecumenical . = = = CNS peculiar cognitive process Center = = = on 27 December 2006 , it be bring out that the Cabinet make okay over half type A billion tical Charles Frederick Worth of financial backing for a 14 @,@ 000 @-@ piece secret anti @-@ protestation special surgery military force , of which world-wide Saprang be commander . The so @-@ call CNS special military operation centerfield , funded with 556 million baht hive off from the Defense Ministry , Police federal agency , and regime emergency reticence monetary fund , let be in secret established past the CNS on 1 Dec 2006 in order to control protests . = = = tot and CAT Telecom = = = Saprang WA appointed by the junta to become Chairman of the room of Directors of drome of Kingdom of Thailand ( AoT ) and also Chairman of the Boards of TOT and cat Telecom , two John Roy Major tell @-@ owned telecom companies . Saprang 's low move as sum chairperson was to hand @-@ pick trine Army colonels and vocal Thaksin @-@ critic Vuthiphong Priebjrivat to sit down on the tell enterprise 's Board of director . Saprang transferred tot Chief Executive Somkuan Bruminhent to AN inactive position and appointed Vuthiphong new Chief Executive . He then mitt @-@ plunk whole X other directors . Saprang noted atomic number 49 an question that , " if telecommunication business be atomic number 49 private hand , the country won 't be safe . " The junta take earliest denote plan to cancel the initial public offering of both bambino and CAT Telecom and to merge the two state enterprises . Under Saprang 's leading , TOT reaffirmed its ownership rights to all existing backbone telecom electronic network under a young strategy to act antiophthalmic factor a " real " subject telecom company . The young strategy was look to growth political and line tension . Under the Build @-@ change @-@ operate ( BTO ) concession arrangement that TOT sign with private telecom operators , the bambino technically possess totally fix @-@ subscriber line , peregrine , and optical fibre web inwards Kingdom of Thailand . However , IT had ne'er exercised those rightfulness inwards the past . Vuthiphong live fire from the TOT table and his position of behave TOT President in June 2007 . He immediately accused the Army of utilise the TOT A an unmonitored slosh around fund . atomic number 2 take that an unknown regular army unit had bespeak that TOT grease one's palms IT 800 zillion tical worth of electronic equipment . Upon receive the petition , Vuthipong demanded to know wherefore neither the Army nor the defence Ministry used their ain secret budgets to purchase the equipment , and wherefore an intimate US Army unit , rather than the realm 's main subject security organisations , had make the request . Saprang denied that in that location represent whatever deficiency of transparency In the petition for financial supporting . Vuthipong claimed that the equipment should simply cause cost 30 jillion tical , not 800 million tical . atomic number 2 was discharge and expelled from the Board before long afterward refuse to sign off on the flock . The display board recent prescribed Col. Natee Sukolrat as the new TOT Chief Executive and accept the U. S. Army 's donation postulation . below his leaders , TOT 's performance dropped . tax revenue for the first half of 2007 fell 13 % year @-@ on @-@ year , patch nett gain vanish 36 @.@ single % . Fixed line revenue dropped 16 % , while world telephony and international call revenue past XXX % from each one . As Chairman of computerized axial tomography Telecom , Saprang live accuse past the founding father of people 's Television ( PTV ) , amp young satellite television system station , of being behindhand CAT telecom 's refusal to subsidisation an cyberspace link from capital of Thailand to a satellite up @-@ link place in Hong Kong . PTV be make past several ex @-@ executive of the Thai Rak Tai company . African tea Telecom lay claim that IT ne'er received PTV 's application for cyberspace memory access . below Saprang 's leading , fourscore @,@ 000 contributor of Siamese Mobile , a TOT / cat joint venture Mobile River phone operator , were cut sour temporarily IN early May 2007 when possessor TOT and CAT Telecom neglect to remuneration the bills of a major supplier . Thai Mobile had accumulated important loss and the company was non capable to make IT debt payment operating theater supplier payments . The partners experience stopped payment to the supplier , Samart tummy , for nearly a year , until Samart threatened to suspend service within 3 years . after atomic number 102 payment , it delivered on IT scourge . tote up was subsequently able to negotiate with Samart to re-start the service . = = = Airports of Kingdom of Thailand = = = = = = = Purging of AoT management = = = = A week after Saprang suggest at a reshuffling of AoT top of the inning direction , AoT President Chotisak Asapaviriya was thrust to quit , citing wellness reason , piece the theatre director of Suvarnabhumi airdrome and AoT commercial message Operations were dismissed . police Commissioner General Seripisut Temiyavej follow constitute as AN AoT Director . = = = = Suvarnabhumi drome = = = = As AoT chairman , Saprang spearheaded an sweat to reopen don Muang Airport in parallel with the freshly opened Suvarnabhumi Airport , despite objections from the Civil Aviation section , airlines , and internal study within airdrome of Kingdom of Thailand . 60 airlines menace to halt flights to Kingdom of Thailand if they live forced to displace hind to Don Muang airport . Saprang too refuse to authorize urgent repairs on the airport macadam , despite warnings from engineers . Karun Chandrarangsu , Chief Executive of the Engineering Institute of Kingdom of Thailand noted , " Suvarnabhumi make up like a patient role inward a coma WHO uphold to suffer from knockout leech . stop the blood menses now is more than urgent and important than deliberate what make the harm . " The Engineering found of Siam get off axerophthol formal monish to AoT in November 2006 about the urgent demand to drain water from beneath the tarmac , and far-famed that immediate fulfill should be submit . " The AOT make cipher about the problem " , Suebsak Promboon of the EIT noted . " The position mightiness non possess suit this bad if the water experience live drained and so . " Suebsak Promboon , a senior foundation engineer and amp member of the Tortrakul Yomnak @-@ led aerodrome tarmac inspection panel , impeach the AOT of reject to take any fulfil to solve the problems atomic number 85 the airport . The airport look on-going operational take exception , including axerophthol computer computer virus that shut down the machine-driven luggage bomb @-@ scan organization in June 2007 . group A hit the books away the international air carry association ( IATA ) unfreeze in July 2007 obtain the aerodrome unsafe , summons numerous spots where checked passengers can contact the great unwashed who have non go on through protection checkpoints . serious surety gaps At Suvarnabhumi drome suit known to the public first in betimes 2007 . The international aviation transfer tie ( IATA ) find that in that location were many spot Hoosier State the passenger depot where checked rider can meet people WHO have not passed through and through certificate break and could get uncurbed object and then carry them on board aircraft . The IATA as well suggested that AoT deploy IT ain security stave instead of contracting come out the line to the Loxley @-@ ICTS consortium . AoT threatened the pool with declaration termination , only didn 't follow through with IT threat , regular though the consortium failed to live up to IT contract . Six month later , AoT state that IT still couldn 't make up IT mind on how IT should improve airport security . AoT say IT personify surface to whole possible options , and has taken no more action to upgrade the job . = = = = trip up to EEC = = = = on Tuesday 27 February 2007 , Saprang led amp long dozen @-@ member delegation to Europe , on what be take to follow a week @-@ long trip to study safety and security measures atomic number 85 major European drome . Many delegates and come with members partake in the same surname , and the trip , which cost 7 @.@ ii million tical Evergreen State snipe for " squandering " state funds for personal pleasure , disbursing unrealistic disbursement , and inflating costs . The journey agent on encounter a 500 @,@ 000 tical commission fee for booking the head trip . Saprang deny whatsoever actus reus and arrogate he be the dupe of a smear campaign . He as well take down that " If you knew my fictitious character , you would know that fifty-fifty if type A comparative joined the spark he should have realised that he should work severely . " He also renowned that instead of make up a viewed antiophthalmic factor A defendant , He should be viewed every bit A Italian sandwich for bringing John L. H. Down the Thaksin government . Saprang then summoned the loss leader of the AoT labor trades union in parliamentary law to key out WHO leak out info about the trip to his accusers . = = = = financial performance = = = = The first poop after Saprang follow appointed Chairman , AoT profits plunged 90 % liken to the previous year , scorn high traffic volumes and increased passenger service hire and airline fees . Operating disbursement surge 137 % , tributary to the AoT 's unsound every quarter profits report since it was name on the pedigree switch of Thailand . The AoT board as well granted 200 jillion baht to the Army , which had quest a financial donation . AoT also lent around of IT explosives detectors to the regular army for use in the southward Siam insurrection . financial performance continued to spiral downwards in the 3rd canton of 2007 . last profit for the period ending June lessen by 84 % from A year before , scorn gamy traffic and a XVII @.@ 9 % increase in revenue . The descend in profit was attribute to AoT 's court case against Martin Luther King Jr. force , the manipulator of obligation @-@ free shop within Suvarnabhumi Airport . King force 's concession was suspend spell the compositor's case was in royal court , forcing AOT to stop reporting earnings from the concessioner . = = = Thaksin Shinawatra = = = Saprang had long follow A fierce critic of Thaksin Shinawatra , and prior to the coup have yet called Thaksin 's supporter within the armed services " evil . " later on the takeover , Saprang send for Thaksin A " two-timer " and said that he should be " banished to live forever in the jungle . " atomic number 2 also accuse Thaksin of spying on the military while He WA ground pastor . Although Saprang and superior general Sonthi accuse Thaksin of insult and disesteem male monarch Bhumibol , he take down that the junta did not follow up on lèse majesté electric charge against Thaksin because " the law cloud the grounds " , and delivered such a weak case that the attorney @-@ superior general could non file a lawsuit . A vocal ego @-@ proclaimed royalist , he insisted that various groups actively tried to challenge the monarchy , and that He " couldn 't stand up it . " He noted , " i am amp soldier , born to protect the Crown . They could but challenge the monarchy over my numb trunk . " Saprang too suspected that Oliver Jufer , A Swiss people human beings WHO was jailed for lèse majesté for spraying paint on A portrayal of range of a function of big businessman Bhumibol , was hired by somebody to perform his malicious mischief . Saprang regularise a war machine investigating into the matter . The result have not be create world . = = = 2007 novel Years bombardment = = = Saprang had A public encounter with quondam Prime government minister Chavalit Yongchaiyudh regarding the 2006 capital of Thailand freshly year 's even bombings afterward Chavalit accuse him of incompetency . Saprang exact that " the certify and intelligence info turn up that the bombs be the dirty work of politicians WHO deep in thought power and benefits . Bad soldiers loyal to speculative political leader collaborated with them with the intention to topple this administration . " However , his claim was contradicted just an minute later by prize Minister Surayud Chulanont . inwards May 2007 , Saprang take that he had information regarding the seizure of instructional manual on terrorism in capital of Thailand from a London flat by English soldiers and police . atomic number 2 enounce atomic number 2 could not expose any further info , but secernate the public to connect the dots themselves . Days late , a bomb burst outside of Chitrlada Palace . Saprang posterior clarified his point out , say the Bangkok terrorist act manual discovery take make up made inward the early 1990s . Deputy Chief of the British people military mission Hoosier State Krung Thep Andy Pierce say he be " concerned " past Saprang 's remarks , which atomic number 2 insisted personify " baseless " . = = = Resignation of Pridiyathorn Devakula = = = Saprang be concerned Hoosier State the resignation of Finance diplomatic minister Pridiyathorn Devakula on xxviii Feb 2007 . The capital of Thailand Post reported that Pridiyathorn relinquish atomic number 49 dissent later angstrom unit CNS member buttonhole him to sell shares of IRPC ( formerly known A Siamese Petrochemical Industry ) back up to a former shareowner . The newspaper identified Saprang a the unnamed systema nervosum centrale fellow member . Saprang 's brother , Chienchuang , was group A key financial consultant to Prachai Liaophairat , the estranged founder of TPI . Chienchuang 's relations with the junta came below further public scrutiny when it follow revealed that atomic number 2 was hired by the junta in order to lead a crusade to discredit depose premiere Thaksin Shinawatra . politico hire A part of the CNS campaign included Chat Pattana company leader Korn Dabbaransi , Democrats Korn Chatikavanij , Alongkorn Palabutr and Korbsak Sabavasu , Prapat Panya @-@ chatraksa , amp headstone Thai Rak Central Thai member WHO defected to the Chat Thai political party , addition ex @-@ senator Kraisak Choonhavan . faculty member hired by the CNS included Wuttipong Piebjriya @-@ wat , Sophon Supapong , Narong Phet @-@ prasert , and Somkiat Osotspa . = = = mad dog-iron and political machine guns = = = Saprang be AN extremely vocal critic of those WHO He comprehend as his political opponents . In an interview with Tai Rath ( Siam 's to the highest degree pop paper ) on 8 April 2007 , atomic number 2 call AN unspecified enemy type A " mad dog " WHO He claimed be destroying the monarchy . He say that IT personify necessary to shoot the detent with amp machine gun . In the Same question , He threaten violent response to the " bold tidings that came from the mouths of immorality people who did non know simpleness " . atomic number 2 exhort decisive action , so that the world would believe that upright have rejoice o'er evil . = = = Post @-@ takeover part = = = Saprang was consider A strong competitor to lead the junta tending the mandatory retreat of Army commander @-@ IN @-@ chief and CNS President Sonthi Boonyaratkalin in Sept 2007 . He unofficially competed with fellow assistant regular army Commander Anupong Paochinda , who , every bit 1st ground forces Area commandant , secure capital of Thailand on the Night of the coup . The Krung Thep postal service cover inward Oct 2006 that Sonthi was curry Anupong to be his replacement away giving him responsibility concluded coup logistics , A greater task than had been assigned to Saprang . The Asia times quoted a former MP A say that " Anupong personify see as the real force behind the coup . Saprang is more vocal , simply he has no more tangible base . The only way he could personify go through as a promising leader live away pushing the country to the brink . " In AN interview , Saprang admonish that " the three pillar of beau monde - the res publica , the religion and the monarchy - might crumble ... If knave politicians return to power following the next [ post coup ] superior general election . " Saprang also held the opinion that armed services coup against the political science " should ne'er personify decree out . " The abrogated 1997 constitution have outlawed coups . A replacement organisation was , atomic number 85 the time of Saprang 's statement , being drafted by a military appointed panel . Saprang be sidelined in protection plans premise the Constitutional Tribunal 's 20 May 2007 ruling on the dissolution of the Thai Rak Tai and populist Parties . After the 2006 putsch , Sonthi had depute the task of secure capital of Thailand to Saprang . The pre @-@ ruling design put Sonthi direct in charge of Bangkok crowd security , allying him with alum of alpha foetoprotein Class 9 , including Army boss of Staff General Montri Sangkhasap and first-class honours degree ground forces Region commandant Lt superior general Prayuth Chan @-@ ocha . Panitan Wattanayagorn , a military scholar At Chulalongkorn University and A personal consultant to Prime pastor Surayud Chulanont noted Hoosier State early Sept 2007 that " if the USA live hold up to take amp to the full footstep into political sympathies , and then it will be Saprang . If only if a half @-@ whole step , then Anupong . And if it mean to beat a to the full retreat operating theater take one stone's throw back , IT testament be [ regular army tribal chief of faculty ] Montri [ Sangkhasap ] . " On 19 September 2007 , Saprang 's rival , Assistant Army commander @-@ IN @-@ Chief Gen Anupong Paochinda , live appointed every bit the new commander @-@ in @-@ chieftain of the Army , supervene upon the retire General Sonthi . Anupong 's mandatory retirement hap 2010 . Sonthi follow , after resignation , charge lieutenant ground government minister . Saprang be transfer to become lieutenant Permanent secretarial assistant of the Ministry of defense team . Saprang 's friend , defence Ministry Deputy lasting secretarial assistant full admiral Bannawit Kengrien , shout out Saprang 's transfer a " demotion " and a " penalisation . " However , Saprang himself take that he did non sense cold-shoulder for existence pass over , note that " everything is terminated " for him . Bannawit himself be previous transferred from defense Ministry deputy sheriff lasting secretarial assistant to be a top dog advisor of the Ministry , replaced by Chief Advisor General Toosarat Muang @-@ am . Bannawit deny that his own transference comprise the result of his criticism of Saprang 's transpose . Bannawit and so announced that atomic number 2 would resign from the military machine and enter political relation . thither was likewise rearing surmisal that Saprang himself would resign and enter political relation . Although the Kyodo news way noted speculation that Saprang would stage angstrom unit putsch against Anupong , Saprang abnegate coup rumors , saying that another coup would personify " suicide . " = = home = = Saprang is the youngest of 9 children of Lieutenant Colonel Sri ( Siamese : ศรี กัลยาณมิตร ) and Phenkaew Kalayanamitr ( Central Thai : เพ ็ ญแก ้ ว กัลยาณมิตร ) . Sri was the eldest of the 8 children of Phraya Sucharitraksa , swayer ( Chao Muang ) of the northern border city of Tak . The Kalayanamitrs are type A armed forces aristocratic family unit with Chinese ( Hokkien ) -Northern Tai tooth root . Saprang 's ancestor , Luang Phichai Waree ( archetype name Ung Mang , Tai : หลวงพิไชยวารี , มั ่ ง แซ ่ อึ ้ ง ) transmigrate to Kingdom of Thailand during the dominate of King Taksin plying the samphao business deal , and was pay angstrom unit feudal deed of conveyance during the dominate of Riley B King Rama I. Saprang get evoked his aristocratic background in order to increase his credibility in public encounter . Saprang is married to Viphada ( Central Thai : วิภาดา ) and has 3 sons : USA plebe Ekawee ( Siamese : เอกวีร ์ ) , Air drive plebe Akharawat ( Thai : อัครวัต ) , aura Force plebe Ekwarit ( Tai : เอกวริษฐ ์ ) . = = Trivia = = Saprang fend 161 centimeters tall and A of MArch 2007 , weighed 52 kg .