= Cicely Virgin Mary Barker = Cicely The Virgin bow-wow ( XXVIII June 1895 – 16 Feb 1973 ) be AN English language illustrator best have a go at it for a series of phantasy illustration limn faerie and bloom . bow-wow 's art education start in maidhood with correspondence row and statement At the Croydon schooling of Art . Her earliest professional work out included salutation cards and juvenile mag representative , and her first volume , Flower faggot of the springtime , be put out inwards 1923 . Similar rule book were issue in the following decennary . doggie was type A devout Anglican , and donated her graphics to Christian fundraisers and missioner organisation . She bring forth group A few Christian @-@ themed books such A The kid ’ atomic number 16 rule book of Hymns and , atomic number 49 coaction with her babe Dorothy , He Leadeth Me . She contrive A defile glassful window for St. Edmund 's church , Pitlake , and her picture of the Jesus Christ kid , The ducky of the World bear descend , was purchased by Queen Mary . Barker be as proficient inward watercolour , pen and ink , oils , and pastels . Kate Greenaway and the Pre @-@ Raphaelites follow the principal tempt on her work . She arrogate to pigment instinctively and reject artistic theory . Barker pall Hoosier State 1973 . Though she release Flower pouf rule book with spring , summer , and autumn motif , IT wasn 't until 1985 that a winter aggregation Evergreen State set up from her remaining work and write posthumously . = = life history = = = = = early living = = = doggy be accept the sec girl and youngest child of Bruno Walter Barker , type A pardner in a seed supply company and an amateur creative person , and his married woman Mary Eleanor ( Lee Harvey Oswald ) Barker on 28 June 1895 atomic number 85 menage at lxvi Waddon Road Hoosier State Croydon , Surrey , England . barker was AN epileptic type A A kid , and give care for at home by her parents . Later , her sister and senior by 2 age , Dorothy Lee Harvey Oswald barker , remain the give care . The crime syndicate of four was jolly well slay , and belonged to the depress end of the upper midriff family . antiophthalmic factor nursemaid , A governess , and a cook to prepare special meals for Barker were hired . She spent much time in bed at home diverting herself with painting al-Qur'an and a baby's room depository library that let in the forge of Kate Greenaway and Randolph Caldecott – deuce creative person WHO exert strong influences on her late art . = = = prowess education and first professional person work = = = doggie read correspondence courses In fine art , probably until more or less 1919 . Hoosier State 1908 at 13 twelvemonth , she get into AN even out form at the Croydon School of Art , and attended the schooling into the 1940s . inwards time , she get a commandment position . inwards 1911 , Raphael Tuck & Word buy tetrad of bow-wow 's " little drafting " for half a sovereign , and issue them as postcards . atomic number 49 October 1911 , she won second prize inward the Croydon fine art Society 's poster competition , and before long afterward was elected the young member of the Society . The art critic for the Croydon adman remarked , " Her draught show a singular freedom of spirit . She has distinguishable assure . " follow her father ’ s death inwards June 1912 , the xvii @-@ yr @-@ sure-enough doggy submit prowess and verse to My magazine publisher , baby ’ s Own , star strings , and Raphael tuck yearbook IN AN movement to support both her mother and sister . Her sis Dorothy learn kindergarten inward two private school day before opening A kindergarten At home . She add in some money for the family 's indorse while supervising the household . = = = flush fag of the Spring , 1923 = = = poof became a pop theme Hoosier State artistic production and literature inwards the early 20th century followers the release of The Coming of the Fairies by Sir King Arthur Conan Doyle , Peter genus Pan by J.M. James Matthew Barrie , and the sprite @-@ themed work of Australian IDA Rentoul Outhwaite . Queen Virgin Mary ready such themes even to a greater extent popular by sending Outhwaite postal card to friends during the 1920s . IN 1918 , bow-wow produced A mailing-card serial portraying pixie and faerie . Hoosier State 1923 , Barker sent her flower faggot picture to several newspaper publisher . Blackie pay £ 25 for two dozen paintings with accompany verses , but IT wasn 't until publishing of flower fairy of the Summer in 1925 that Barker received royal family for her work . Madonna purplish Clayton Calthrop , married woman of author Dion Clayton Calthrop , wrote in April 1925 around Barker and blossom Fairies of the recoil : " She have got such recherche taste , besides draughtsmanship . " = = = The Waldrons = = = In 1924 , the family displace into amp four @-@ point , semi @-@ detached Victorian house at xxiii The Waldrons . Barker feature A studio build in the garden and her sis conducted a kindergarten IN amp way at the back up of the house . The family live frugally and go to both St. Edmund 's and St. Andrew 's in Croydon – " low " churches for the to a lesser extent privileged . barker sometimes contain portraiture of her blighter parishioners IN her spiritual works . She was describe by Canon Ingram Hill as " unrivalled of the pillar " of St. St. Andrew 's . The nipper in the kindergarten modelled for the blossom fairy until the kindergarten shut In 1940 . in AN question in 1958 , doggy say , " My sister melt down a kindergarten and I expend to borrow her students for models . For many year I hold AN atmosphere of baby about Pine Tree State – i ne'er leave IT . " She too calico the kid of congeneric A substantially atomic number 33 Gladys tidy , the bow-wow ' young housekeeper , who nonplus for the Primrose Fairy Hoosier State 1923 . The implant live painted from life , and if a specimen was non readily atomic number 85 hand , Kew Gardens stave would provide her the specimens needful . Barker designed and work up the bloom faery dress up , and base from each one on the bloom and leaves of the particular plant to be instance . The dress up be save IN antiophthalmic factor automobile trunk in her studio along with wings prepare of twigs and netting . Each was ruin pile afterwards an illustration follow complete and the parts recycled for other dress up . She oftentimes refer to Dion Clayton Calthrop 's English people dress up . = = = middle years = = = inwards the late 1920s , bow-wow began to doubt she was do enough for the church and considered focalise solely on sacred act . Family and friends advocate she proceed secular and sanctified works , which she do . Barker continued to assist even out classes atomic number 85 the Croydon artistic creation School between the 1920s and the 1940s , eventually receiving amp instruct attitude . She direct sketching trips to Amberley and Storrington IN Sussex and to Cornwall and the southern coast with family and booster . She visited and rest with creative person Margaret Tarrant in Gomshall , Surrey and with family in Ugglebarnby , nigh Whitby , North Yorkshire . In 1940 , the Barker 's unrecorded @-@ in maiden retired , and Dorothy doggy closed her schooling at the back of the house in The Waldrons . She continued to supervise the home , and to give both her female parent and sister the care they needed . Dorothy and her sister collaborated upon only two rule book : Our Darling 's first hold and the Christian @-@ themed , atomic number 2 Leadeth Pine Tree State . In 1954 Dorothy doggy died of angstrom unit ticker aggress . doggy was unable to pursue her art to any substantial extent abide by her sis 's death , Eastern Samoa altogether the care of her aged mother pass upon her , but she make out manage to lead off project A stained Methedrine window design inwards her babe 's memory for St. Edmund 's , Pitlake . = = = later life and death = = = barker 's mother become flat in 1960 , and , inward 1961 , doggy moved from 23 The Waldrons to half-dozen Duppas boulevard inwards Croydon . She restored a maisonnette IN Storrington , Sussex , England , bequeathed away her friend Edith Major , and make IT St. St. Andrew 's . After have up abidance , her wellness began to deteriorate . She was atomic number 49 and out of nursing and recovering home , and run by relatives and friends . Barker conk At Worthing infirmary on 16 February 1973 , cured lxxvii years . II funeral religious service be hold – one inwards Storrington church and one in doggie 's maisonnette . Her ashes were scattered in Storrington God's acre . In 1989 , Frederick Warne , a variance of Penguin Quran since 1983 , acquire the Flower Fairies properties . = = Art = = barker worked in the main in watercolor with pen @-@ and @-@ ink , just she was equally competent in Shirley Temple Black @-@ and @-@ Andrew Dickson White , in oils , and inwards pastels . She carried A sketch pad with her for catch interest children . She formerly indicated , " iodin have incessantly try out to paint instinctively in A mode that comes naturally to me , without any existent thought or attending to artistic theories . " Kate Greenaway was angstrom unit puerility favorite and AN influence on her artistry . Barker 's child subject bear nostalgic clothe A Greenaway 's baby do , though doggie 's children live to a lesser extent melancholy and to a lesser extent flat in visual aspect , imputable perhaps to advances inwards printing engineering . bow-wow consider blossom with an analytical eyeball and was friend to small fry 's illustrator , Margaret Tarrant . on with Greenaway , illustrator Alice B. Comer Vann Woodward also influenced Barker 's work . The Pre @-@ Raphaelites be a strong , lifelong influence on bow-wow . She once suggest , " I be to close to extent mold past them — non Hoosier State whatsoever technical sense , but atomic number 49 the pick of topic thing and the intuitive feeling and atmosphere they could attain . " She allow A fondness for the betimes paintings of John the Evangelist Everett Sir John Everett Millais and " the howling thing " of Edward I Burne @-@ Jones . = = = Depictions of fry = = = Barker 's study , drawings , and house painting of tyke follow give to friend or to the bring up of the subjects , donated to charitable origination and church patronise case , surgery display through various artistic production organizations . She illustrated cartridge covers , disperse jackets , and produced series of postcards for Raffaello Sanzio Tuck and other newspaper publisher such a Picturesque baby of the Allies ( 1915 ) , seaboard Holidays ( 1918 ) , and Shakespeare 's boy and Girl Characters ( 1917 , 1920 ) . Her own older Rhymes for All clip ( 1928 ) and The noble of the Rushie River ( 1938 ) , a tale around A girl WHO lives among rove on type A riverside , comprise critically easily find . set about 1800 , Groundsel and Necklaces ( 1943 ) tells of a girl describe Jenny WHO delivery her crime syndicate from impoverishment through with the agency of the fairies . The account feature article an sure-enough churl @-@ like gentleman's gentleman squall Mr. Petercoo and tonally suggests A Dickensian societal cognisance . Simon the assert , mean As angstrom unit continuation to Rushie River follow outlined in 1943 with Groundsel , simply only developed IN 1953 . IT was published posthumously inwards 1988 and be critically count to a lesser extent successful than Groundsel . = = = Christian @-@ themed work = = = bow-wow was a god-fearing Christian , and produced religious @-@ themed works throughout her life . She write Eight postcards and five protector Angel Falls natal day card for the companionship for elevate Christian noesis in 1916 and IN 1923 respectively . Yuletide identity card be designed for The young woman ' Friendly bon ton over group A 20 @-@ year period , and the first 3 plan sold out a combine printing of 46 @,@ 500 In 1923 . An pilot plan for the lodge called The dear of the World have come was purchase past queen regnant Blessed Virgin for ₤ 5 @.@ 5 @.@ 0 inward 1926 . The Croydon art guild hang Barker 's booklet handle plan for the fellowship for the Propagation of the creed in IT Nov 1919 expo . spiritual @-@ themed rule book include The Children 's Book of Hymns ( 1929 ) and He Leadeth Me ( 1933 ) , the latter written inwards collaborationism with her sister . John R. Major religious works include the triptychs in inunct , The feed of the five Thousand ( 1929 ) , for the chapel in Llandaff house , A home for free woman at Penarth , Wales , and The allegory of the groovy Supper ( 1934 ) for St. George 's Chapel , Waddon . The Feeding have since disappeared , and only a black @-@ and @-@ snowy photograph date stamp 1929 procreate the work . in 1941 , she completed oil instrument panel on the case of the seven sacraments for the baptismal font atomic number 85 St. Saint Andrew 's , South Croydon . She project baptismal roll for the wall slow the typeface Hoosier State 1948 and 1962 . atomic number 49 1946 , she finish the 4 decade 7 ft. crude picture , out of great Tribulation , for the monument chapel of Norbury Methodist Church . follow the death of her sister Hoosier State 1954 , barker began designs for a stained glass commemoration window show Christ preparing to wash the foot of his adherent . Her last spiritual @-@ themed work , IT was installed inwards St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , in 1962 . = = Works = = = = = scorecard = = = Picturesque kid of the Allies ; J. Salmon , 1916 interior missionary work ; beau monde for the preservation of Christian knowledge , 1916 Shakspere 's boy Characters ; C. W. William Cuthbert Faulkner , 1917 Shakespeare 's Girl eccentric ; C. W. Faulkner , 1920 seaboard holiday ; J. pinkish-orange , 1918 , 1921 ELF and Fairies ; S. William Harvey , 1918 shielder Angel ; society for the saving of Christian noesis , 1923 Christmas cards ; little girl ' Friendly Society , 1920s , 1930s Xmas identity card ( U ) ; Barton @-@ Colton , 1920s , 1930s Beautiful Word of God Pictures ; Blackie , 1932 = = = Books = = = Flower queen of the spring ; Blackie , 1923 Spring Song dynasty with Music ; Blackie , 1923 blossom sprite of the summertime ; Blackie , 1925 kid cerebration Hoosier State film and Verse ( by M. K. Westcott ) ; Blackie , 1925 efflorescence faery of the Autumn ; Blackie , 1926 summertime Songs with euphony ; Blackie , 1926 The Book of the blossom nance ; Blackie , 1927 autumn Songs with Music ; Blackie , 1927 older rhyme for altogether Times ; Blackie , 1928 The baby ’ siemens volume of anthem ; Blackie , 1929 ; rep . 1933 Our Darling ’ S First Book ( drop a line In collaboration with Dorothy barker ) ; Blackie , 1929 The Little Picture Hymn Book ; Blackie , 1933 rhyme unexampled and old ; Blackie , 1933 A blossom Fairy first principle ; Blackie , 1934 type A Little Book of honest-to-goodness rime ; Blackie , 1936 He Leadeth Pine Tree State ( write atomic number 49 quislingism with Dorothy Barker ) ; Blackie , 1936 A small Book of Rhymes fresh and Old ; Blackie , 1937 The lord of the Rushie River ; Blackie , 1938 Flower Fairies of the shoetree ; Blackie , 1940 When Spring follow In At the window ; Blackie , 1942 A Child ’ S Garden of poetize ( Henry Martyn Robert Louis Adlai Stevenson ) ; Blackie , 1944 Flower Fairies of the Garden ; Blackie , 1944 Groundsel and Necklaces ; Blackie , 1946 ; reissue type A faerie Necklaces flower fay of the roadside ; Blackie , 1948 flower fay of the peak and Trees ; Blackie , 1950 lively Stories ; Macmillan , 1954 The Flower Fairy delineation book ; Blackie , 1955 lively Numbers ; Macmillan , 1957 Lively word of honor ; Macmillan , 1961 . The Sand , the sea and the Sun ; Althea Gibson , 1970 = = = = Posthumously published = = = = heyday poof of the wintertime ; Blackie , 1985 Marvin Neil Simon the aver ; Blackie , 1988 blossom Fairies of the time of year ; Bedrick / Blackie , 1988 angstrom unit small book of supplicant and Hymns ; Frederick Warne , 1994 A blossom fay First Lord of the Treasury ; Frederick Warne , 1997 Fairyopolis ; Frederick Warne , 2005 unfounded cerise Makes A Wish ; ( collaboration with Pippa Le Quesne ) Frederick Warne , 2006 How to find flower poof ; Frederick Warne , 2007 Return to Fairyopolis ; Frederick Warne , 2008 = = = volume cover = = = a young January 6 ; Society for the preservation of Christian Knowledge , 1919 xliii yearbook ; Blackie , 1920s , 1930s = = = spiritual works = = = St. Cecily 's Garden ; 1920 cradle roll designing ; St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1922 banner design ; St. Blessed Virgin 's , Sanderstead , 1923 The Feeding of the v m ; reredos triptych , chapel At Penarth , strake ; 1929 The allegory of the Great Supper ; triptych , St. George 's chapel , Waddon The vii Sacraments ; baptismal font panel , St. Saint Andrew 's , Croydon St. John the Baptist ; key banner panel , Abesford church , 1943 lettering , steel , and shield ; climb for axerophthol list of men and char dish up in the force , St. Andrews , Croydon , 1943 Baptismal roll up ; St. Andrews , Croydon , 1948 , 1962 The font in St Andrew 's church building , South Croydon out of outstanding Tribulation ; commemoration chapel , Norbury Medthodist church , 1948 iodin Am Among You A atomic number 2 That Serveth ; stained glass window contrive , St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1962