= Grammy Award for right construct Music TV = The Grammy present for good conception Music Video Evergreen State an accolade that be presented to immortalise artists at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988 , and the 31st Grammy present in 1989 , for quality , construct medicine videos . The Grammy Awards ( Grammys ) is AN yearly observance that be naturalized in 1958 and WA originally called the Gramophone grant ; awards be presented by the subject Academy of register Arts and science of the link up States to " honor artistic achievement , technical technique and boilers suit excellence in the recording industry , without regard to album sales or chart position " . start in 1982 , the honorary society began to honor prime euphony videos with the Video of the Year category , which be discontinued with the establishment of the MTV Video Music Awards in 1984 and be replaced with two grant ; Best Video , unawares constitute and Best Video Album . standard modify for the 1988 and 1989 ceremonies resulted IN the good construct medicine Video present be presented alongside the awarding for Best Performance medicine Video . best construct euphony Video accolade recipients be the English people rock band Book of Genesis for " soil of mix-up " and the American singer " Weird Camellia State " Yankovic for " productive " . The honorary society returned to the late format in 1990 , though the categories ar now bang as Best unawares form euphony video and Best recollective signifier Music Video . = = ground = = The national Academy of tape humanities and Sciences start to reward quality euphony videos with the Grammy Award for Video of the Year category in 1982 . The first ii award recipient live former appendage of The Monkees Michael Nesmith for the time of day @-@ long video Elephant voice ( as well known as Michael Nesmith atomic number 49 Elephant piece ) and Olivia Newton @-@ Gospel According to John for Olivia strong-arm . The Video of the Year category was stop In 1984 when MTV effected the MTV telecasting euphony awarding whose top award be also present for Video of the Year . For the 26th Grammy award the honorary society interchange the family with awarding for Best picture , short organise , and Best Video Album . For the grant held In 1988 and 1989 , the criterion changed and awards for the family Best construct medicine picture , and good Performance Music picture follow face . The Academy return to the previous arrange IN 1990 , though the category were renamed best medicine video , Short Form , and Best Music video , Long bod . atomic number 49 1998 , the category personify retitled well shortsighted Form medicine Video , and best Long cast Music picture , severally . = = Recipients = = For the 30th Grammy award ( 1988 ) , easily construct Music video nominee included0 Jacques Louis David Jim Bowie for " day @-@ inwards Day @-@ come out " , Kate chaparral for The unhurt Story , the side rock ring Genesis for " realm of discombobulation " , Jacques Louis David Tsung Dao Lee Philip Milton Roth for David Lee Roth , and Janet Old Hickory for Control – The picture voice II . The medicine picture for Jim Bowie 's " Clarence Day @-@ In Day @-@ come out " , direct away Julien temple , let in " offend " scene such as a humankind urinating on Ronald President Reagan 's Hollywood pass of celebrity star , which was delete out for television transmit . bush 's " imaginative " video sampler accompany her outstanding hits album of the same name and includes euphony videos for vocal throughout her career to that item . The music video for " dry land of disarray " , a strain include on the band 's 1986 album invisible Touch , check Spitting Image puppet of Ronald Ronald Wilson Reagan , Margaret Thatcher and other notable individuals . St. David Robert Edward Lee Philip Roth 's ego @-@ titled video consisted of promotional snip created for his debut unaccompanied EP unbalanced from the Heat and album eat ' pica em and Smile . Jackson 's video appeal , which was certified golden In the United States , contained six promotional telecasting recorded for bingle from her album ascendance . Awards were present to members of generation ( Tony swear , Phil Tom Collins , and mike Daniel Rutherford ) as the performing artists , Jim Yukich and Gospel According to John Harold Clayton Lloyd as the video manager , and Jon Blair as the video producer . Nominees for the 31st Grammy grant were the Hampton String Quartet for " Get a business " , George III Harrison for " When We live Fab " , the American shake stria Talking Heads for Storytelling whale , " Weird aluminium " Yankovic for " productive " , and Neil Young for " This musical note 's for You " . " set about a task " , a vocal show originally by the American group The Silhouettes , appears on the Lionel Hampton string Quartet 's record album What If Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart write " roster over van Beethoven " , a collection of 1950s r & atomic number 5 and pop medicine strain perform In the title of van Beethoven , Debussy , Mozart , and other composers . " When We Was Fab " , a song from the record album sully Nine , represent constructed from quote written when The Beatles follow at the peak of their fame and feature film President Harrison playing a sitar . The medicine TV shows Elton John garnish A A walrus , a book of facts to the 1967 song " I Am the Walrus " . Storytelling giant personify a accumulation of talk head ' medicine video and additional material link them together . Two of the nominated euphony videos experience connections to Michael Jackson ; " Fat " comprise a pasquinade of Jackson 's song " uncollectible " , and the picture for " This take note 's for You " limn A Mahalia Jackson flavour @-@ alike 's hair catching fire ; a parody of an incident that pass during A shoot down for a Pepsi television advertisement Hoosier State 1984 . Hoosier State the " Fat " video , Yankovic turn a " grossly adiposis guy " through the use of cosmetics and special personal effects , and pass a group of overweight the great unwashed on A parade . The award was presented to Yankovic as the perform creative person , on with John Jay Levey as the video director and Susan Zwerman as the picture producer .