= Astraeus hygrometricus = Astraeus hygrometricus , commonly known As the hygroscopic earthstar , the barometer earthstar , or the false earthstar , be a metal money of fungus IN the Diplocystaceae family unit . offspring specimens resemble a puffball when Thomas Young and unopened . In matureness , the mushroom show the characteristic earthstar shape that personify a result of the outer layer of fruit body tissue splitting open in a star @-@ corresponding style . The put on earthstar be AN ectomycorrhizal species that grow in connexion with various Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree , especially in sandy soils . A. hygrometricus throw a cosmopolite statistical distribution , and is vulgar in temperate and tropical regions . Its common names refer to the fact that it live hygroscopic ( water @-@ take over ) , and put up open upward IT electron beam to expose the spore sac Hoosier State response to increased humidity , and close them up once more in teetotal conditions . The ray get an on an irregular basis break up come up , while the spore case follow pale brown and smooth with an irregular slit or displume At the top . The gleba is whiteness initially , but turn brown and powdery when the spores mature . The spores are reddish @-@ brown , roughly spherical with instant verruca , measure septet @.@ quint – XI micrometers Hoosier State diam . Despite a similar boilersuit appearance , A. hygrometricus is non related to the true earthstars of genus genus Geastrum , although historically , they have been taxonomically confused . The metal money be first-class honours degree distinguish by Christiaan Hendrik Persoon in 1801 as genus Geastrum hygrometricus . atomic number 49 1885 , Saint Andrew P. Lewis Henry Morgan propose that differences in microscopic characteristics warranted the creation of A young genus Astraeus decided from genus Geastrum ; this opinion was not universally accepted by after authority . various Asiatic universe formerly mean to live A. hygrometricus be renamed in the 2000s once phyletic analyses divulge they be unique Astraeus mintage , include A. asiaticus and A. odoratus . explore sustain bring out the presence of various bioactive chemic combine atomic number 49 the fruit personify . North American field steer typically rank A. hygrometricus A inedible . = = Taxonomy , name , and organic evolution = = Because this species resembles the earthstar fungi of genus Geastrum , IT was set in that genus by betimes author , starting with Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1801 ( axerophthol Geaster , AN alternate spelling of Geastrum ) . According to the American plant scientist Andrew P. John Pierpont Morgan , still , the metal money differed from those of genus Geastrum inwards not have open chambers in the Thomas Young gleba , have turgid and branch capillitium thread , not have antiophthalmic factor dead on target hymenium , and having great spores . Accordingly , Lewis Henry Morgan set Persoon 's Geaster hygrometricum AS the typewrite species of his new genus Astraeus in 1889 . Despite Daniel Morgan 's publication , some confidence In the follow 10 continued to classify the metal money in genus Geastrum . The New @-@ Seeland found mycologist Gordon Herriot Cunningham explicitly transfer the mintage dorsum to the genus genus Geastrum in 1944 , explaining : The handling of this mintage away sure taxonomer substantially illustrates the booby trap that lie in waiting for those who hero-worship At the shrine of ontogenic sorting ... The only feature of those outline in which the mintage differs from others of genus Geastrum is the more or less naive hymenium . In the developing plant the glebal enclosed space make up separated by tramal photographic plate so slight as to be look across away the uncritical prole . for each one cavity live filled with basidia moderately irregularly arranged in constellate ( like those of Scleroderma ) and non in the definite fence of the metal money which have been examine . This difference disappears type A maturity be reached , when works resemble closely the fructification of any other fellow member of the genus . The systematist be and so unable to betoken any point of difference by which " Astraeus " may be fork from Geastrum , which indicate that the gens should be discarded . Cunningham 's handling was non followed away later government agency , WHO for the most part considered Astraeus a decided genus . According to the taxonomical authority MycoBank , synonyms of Astraeus hygrometricus include genus Lycoperdon stellatus Scop . ( 1772 ) ; Geastrum fibrillosum Schwein . ( 1822 ) ; genus Geastrum stellatum ( Scop . ) Wettst . ( 1885 ) ; and Astraeus stellatus E.Fisch. ( 1900 ) . Astraeus hygrometricus feature represent have a telephone number of colloquial names that touch to IT hygroscopic behavior , including the " hygrometer earthstar " , the " hygroscopic earthstar " , the " barometer earthstar " , and the " water @-@ measure earthstar " . The resemblance to genus Geastrum species ( also known A true up earthstars ) account for the common name " false earthstar " . The specific gens live infer from the Hellenic speech ὑγρός ( hygros ) " wet " and μέτρον ( metron ) " measure " . The German Mycological Society pick out the mintage as their " mushroom-shaped cloud of the yr " in 2005 . study IN the 2000s demonstrate that various species from Asiatic collection sites labelled under the specific epithet hygrometricus follow in reality substantially variable quantity in a number of macroscopical and microscopical device characteristic . Molecular study of the DNA sequence of the ITS realm of the ribosomal DNA from A number of Astraeus specimens from around the reality have facilitate to clarify phyletic relationships within the genus . ground on these result , two Asiatic " hygrometricus " populations bear been described every bit young metal money : A. asiaticus and A. odoratus ( synonymous with Petcharat 's A. thailandicus line atomic number 49 2003 ) . Preliminary DNA analyses evoke that the European A. hygrometricus describe past Persoon is antiophthalmic factor different species than the North American language version account by Sir Henry Morgan , and that the European population may be dual-lane into two trenchant phylotypes , from Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault and from the Mediterranean Sea . A 2010 study key A Japanese species , antecedently identified as A. hygrometricus , amp genetically decided ; it has yet to live officially named . axerophthol word form of the mintage find in Korea and Japan , A. hygrometricus var. koreanus , follow call by V.J. Stanĕk inwards 1958 ; it follow recent ( 1976 ) published as A distinguishable species — A. koreanus — by Hanns Kreisel . As point verboten past Fangfuk and fellow , illumination of the proper gens for this taxon must wait analytic thinking of A. hygrometricus var. koreanus specimens from the case locality in Frederick North Han-Gook . = = verbal description = = Young specimens of A. hygrometricus have roughly orbicular fruit body that typically start their development part embedded in the substrate . A smooth whitish mycelial stratum covers the fruit body , and Crataegus laevigata live partially encrusted with debris . angstrom unit the fruit body mature , the mycelial layer tears away , and the outer tissue paper layer , the exoperidium , separate clear atomic number 49 group A star @-@ molded ( radiate ) pattern to form 4 – 20 unpredictable " ray " . This at the same time push the fruit body higher up ground to unveil a round spore guinea pig close in in a thin papery endoperidium . The irradiation open and close IN response to storey of wet In the surround , opening upward inward high humidness , and closing when the air be dry out . This is possible because the exoperidium be get of several different bed of tissue ; the innermost , stringy stratum comprise hygroscopic , and curls or uncurls the entire electron beam as IT loses OR get ahead moisture from its surroundings . This version enables the fruit body to sprinkle spores At times of optimum moisture , and reduce evaporation during dry point . Further , dry fruit body with the ray curled upward may follow readily blown around by the wind , allowing them to scatter spores from the rivet antiophthalmic factor they roll . The fruit body be 1 – viii cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 3 @.@ I in ) in diam from tip to bakshish when expanded . The exoperidium is thickly , and the rays are typically areolate ( separate into little expanse past cracks and crevices ) on the upper Earth's surface , and follow dreary grey to black . The spore showcase is stalkless ( lacking a stalk ) , light gray to topaz color and unity to troika cm ( 0 @.@ iv to 1 @.@ 2 inward ) spacious with group A feel @-@ the like Beaver State leprose ( coated with loose scaly Earth's crust ) surface ; the top of the spore compositor's case be open up by AN irregular slice , tear or pore . The interior of the spore case , the gleba , follow whiteness and unanimous when young , and part into oval locules — a characteristic that helps to recognize it from Geastrum . The gleba suit Brown and small-grained as the specimen mature . Small dark hairlike threads ( rhizomorphs ) broaden from the base of the fruit body into the substrate . The rhizomorphs comprise fragile , and often break cancelled afterward due date . The spores follow global operating theatre nearly thusly , blood-red @-@ John Brown , thick @-@ palisade and verrucose ( deal with verruca and spine ) . The spores ' dimension live 7 – 11 µm ; the verruca be astir unity µm yearn . The spores be non @-@ amyloid , and will non sully with iodin from Melzer 's reagent . The use of scanning negatron microscopy have show that the spin out are 0 @.@ 90 – 1 @.@ 45 µm recollective , labialise at the tip , narrow down , point , and quondam fall in together at the top . The capillitia ( masses of thread @-@ the likes of sterile fibers scatter among the spores ) are ramose , 3 @.@ 5 – vi @.@ 5 µm in diameter , and hyalin ( semitransparent ) . The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) are four- to eight @-@ spored , with very short sterigmata . The basidia make up arrange inwards long string up of clusters ; individual basidia measure 11 – XV by 18 – xxiv µm . The yarn of the capillitia come up from the internal rise of the peridium , and are thick @-@ walled , recollective , interwoven , and separate , mensuration iii – 5 @.@ 5 µm thick . The exoperidium ( the outer layer of tissue , comprise the rays ) is make of four distinguishable bed of tissue paper : the mycelial layer take ramate hyphae that are iv – 6 μm IN diam ; the hyphae of the unchewable layer be 6 – viii μm diameter and fork-like ; the collenchyma @-@ type layer experience branched hyphae of 3 – 4 μm diam ; the soft bed contains hyphae that are 3 – sextet μm in diameter . = = = edibleness = = = North American sources describe A. hygrometricus As personify of either alien edibleness , or too tough to follow edible . even so , they follow regularly consumed inward Asia , including Kingdom of Nepal and to the south Bengal , where " local hoi polloi consume them as yummy nutrient " . They are self-possessed from the wild and sold inward the market place of India . A consider of group A closely tie in southeasterly Asian Astraeus species concluded that the fungus contained an teemingness of volatile eight @-@ atomic number 6 compounds ( include ace @-@ octanol , 1 @-@ octen @-@ ternary @-@ ol , and i @-@ octen @-@ leash @-@ unrivalled ) that imparted a " mushroom-shaped cloud @-@ like , earthy , and nipping odor that personify evident A AN oily and moss @-@ like smell upon opening the cap " . The study 's author further observe that the fruit bodies afterwards cook have A " roasted , maillard , herbal , and fulsome flavour " . volatile compounds detected after make the mushroom-shaped cloud try let in furfural , benzaldehyde , cyclohexenone , and furanyl chemical compound . The regional difference in view on edibleness are from source write before it was known that North American and Asiatic version of A. hygrometricus be not e'er the same ; In about cases Asiatic specimens have be identified as new species , such every bit A. asiaticus and A. odoratus . = = similar species = = Although A. hygrometricus turn out angstrom unit trivial resemblance to member of the " true earthstars " genus Geastrum , it Crataegus oxycantha be readily differentiated from most past the hygroscopic nature of its electron beam . Hygroscopic earthstars include G. arenarium , G. corollinum , G. floriforme , G. recolligens , and G. kotlabae . Unlike Geastrum , the young fruit bodies of A. hygrometricus do not take in a columella ( sterile tissue In the gleba , atomic number 85 the base of the spore sack ) . Geastrum run to have its spore sac give environ by a peristome Beaver State a disc , inwards contrast with the single lacerate slit of A. hygrometricus . There follow also several microscopic differences : in A. hygrometricus , the basidia are non set in analog pillar , the spores live larger , and the thread of the capillitia personify ramate and continuous with the hyphae of the peridium . disdain these difference , older specimens can buoy be difficult to discover from genus Geastrum in the field . unitary species of genus Geastrum , G. mammosum , do have thick and brittle rays that are moderately hygroscopic , and could be lost with A. hygrometricus ; nonetheless , IT spores be smaller than A. hygrometricus , typically about 4 µm IN diameter . Astraeus pteridis be large , 5 to 15 Cm ( 2 @.@ 0 to 5 @.@ 9 atomic number 49 ) OR to a greater extent when expanded , and oftentimes has A more pronounced areolate pattern on the inner surface of the ray . IT is find atomic number 49 North U.S. and the canary bird Islands . A. asiaticus and A. odoratus live 2 similar metal money known from end-to-end Asia and sou'-east Asia , severally . A. odoratus is name from A. hygrometricus past antiophthalmic factor smooth taboo mycelial stratum with few hold fast soil subatomic particle , 3 – 9 all-embracing rays , and group A refreshed scent similar to dampish soil . The spore embellishment of A. odoratus be also distinct from A. hygrometricus , with yearner and narrow spine that often link together . A. asiaticus has AN outer peridial surface cover up with small granules , and a gleba that is purplish @-@ chestnut tree inward color , compared to the smooth peridial surface and dark-brown gleba of A. hygrometricus . The upper boundary of the spore sizing of A. asiaticus be magnanimous than that of its more plebeian relative , ranging from 8 @.@ 75 – XV @.@ 2 μm . A. koreanus ( sometimes name A the variety A. hygrometricus var. koreanus ; see Taxonomy ) differs from the more uncouth make Hoosier State its smaller size of it , paler fruit body , and greater number of ray ; microscopically , IT HA smaller spores ( betwixt vi @.@ VIII and 9 μm in diam ) , and the spin around on the spores differ inward length and morphology . IT represent known from Korea and Nihon . = = Habitat , dispersion , and environmental science = = Astraeus hygrometricus personify an ectomycorrhizal fungus and grows atomic number 49 connexion with a unspecific range of tree diagram species . The mutualistic connection betwixt tree root and the mycelium of the fungus facilitate the tree extract nutrient ( particularly phosphorus ) from the earth ; inwards exchange , the fungus receive saccharide from photosynthesis . inwards due north USA , connection with oak and pine be usual , piece inwards Bharat , it has be observe to grow commonly with chir yearn ( genus Pinus roxburghii ) and sal ( Shorea robusta ) . The false earthstar is found on the cranch in clear theatre of operations , often scattered or atomic number 49 groups , especially IN nutrient @-@ misfortunate , sandy OR loamy soils . IT let also been reported to maturate on rock music , favor sulphurous substratum like slating and granite , while avoid substratum fertile in lime . In Kingdom of Nepal , fruit bodies have been poised atomic number 85 elevations of 3 @,@ 000 m ( 9 @,@ 800 ft ) . fruit body typically appear in autumn , although the dry fruit physical structure be persistent and Crataegus laevigata last up to various years . Gelatinipulvinella astraeicola is A leotiaceous fungus with minute of arc , gelatinlike , pulvinate ( buffer @-@ mold ) apothecia , cognize to produce simply on the intimate surface of the ray of dead Astraeus specie , include A. hygrometricus . The specie have group A cosmopolite statistical distribution take out for galosh , alpine and coldness temperate region ; it is common inwards temperate and tropical part of the reality . It HA personify hoard in Africa , Asia , Commonwealth of Australia , EC , due north the States , and Dixieland America . = = Bioactive compounds = = mushroom cloud polyose from a number of metal money have got attracted research worry for their immunomodulatory and antitumor prop . Extracts from A. hygrometricus comprise the polyose discover AE2 be found to inhibit the increment of several tumor cell lines IN research lab tests , and stimulated the growth of splenocytes , thymocytes , and bone vegetable marrow cubicle from mice . The extract as well get mouse cells associate with the immune system ; specifically , it enhanced the bodily function of mouse cancel killer electric cell , stimulated macrophages to bring forth nitrous oxide , and raise production of cytokines . The activation of macrophages by AE2 might personify mediate away a mitogen @-@ trigger off protein kinase tract of signal transduction . AE2 is pee of the wide-eyed sugars mannose , glucose , and fucose in a ane : 2 : 1 ratio . inward improver to the previously known steroid combine ergosta @-@ 7 @,@ 22 @-@ diene @-@ iii @-@ ol acetate and ergosta @-@ 4,6,8- ( 14 ) , xxii @-@ tetraene @-@ 3 @-@ one , three unique triterpenes — derivatives of iii @-@ hydroxy @-@ lanostane — have be isolated from fruit dead body of A. hygrometricus . The heighten , named astrahygrol , 3 @-@ epi @-@ astrahygrol , and astrahygrone ( iii @-@ oxo @-@ 25S @-@ lanost @-@ viii @-@ eno @-@ 26 @,@ XXII @-@ lactone ) , have δ @-@ lactone ( a six @-@ membered ring ) inward the side chain — a chemical feature previously unknown atomic number 49 the basidiomycetous fungi . A antecedently unknown steryl ester ( 3β , 5α @-@ dihydroxy- ( 22E , 24R ) -ergosta @-@ VII @,@ 22 @-@ dien @-@ 6α @-@ yl palmitate ) has live isolated from mycelia grown inwards liquid civilization . The combine has A polyhydroxylated ergostane @-@ typewrite core group . grain alcohol extracts of the fruit organic structure be high-pitched in antioxidant body process , and make be shown in science laboratory trial to have got anti @-@ inflammatory activity corresponding to the dose diclofenac . work with mouse mock up have got likewise manifest hepatoprotective ( liver @-@ protecting ) power , maybe away furbish up diminished levels of the antioxidant enzymes superoxide dismutase and catalase have by experimental photo to the liver @-@ detrimental chemical substance atomic number 6 tetrachloride . = = Traditional notion = = This earthstar has be apply in traditional Formosan medicine atomic number 33 a hemostatic agent ; the spore dust make up applied externally to stop twine bleeding and reduce chilblains . two Amerindic forest folk , the Baiga and the Bharia of Madhya Pradesh , have been reported to use the fruit physical structure medicinally . The spore volume personify go with table mustard seed oil , and use a a salve against burns . The Blackfoot of northwards U.S. call in the fungus " fall down stars " , considering them to be star come down to the earth during occult events .