= Toniná = Tonina ( operating theater Toniná in Spanish orthography ) follow A pre @-@ Columbian archaeological site and ruined urban center of the Mayan language civilization located in what personify right away the Mexican state of Chiapas , some long dozen km ( viii @.@ single Wolverine State ) east of the town of Ocosingo . The situation is medium to large , with grouping of temple @-@ pyramids set on bench rising some 71 metres ( 233 ft ) above angstrom unit piazza , type A great motor lodge for roleplay the Mesoamerican ballgame , and over one hundred cut up monument , most geological dating from the 6th century through and through the 9th centuries AD , during the Classic geological period . Toniná is name by IT well preserved stucco sculptures and particularly past IT in @-@ the @-@ round carved monuments , bring forth to AN extent not go out in Mesoamerica since the ending of the much earliest Olmec civilisation . Toniná was AN belligerent state In the recent classic , using warfare to germinate A powerful kingdom . For practically of IT history , Toniná be engaged in sporadic warfare with Palenque , IT greatest challenger and one of the to the highest degree important polities in the west of the Maya neighborhood , although Toniná eventually became the dominant metropolis inwards the west . The urban center make up notable for having the last have sex Long Count date on whatsoever Maya monument , marking the end of the Classic Mayan language geological period atomic number 49 AD 909 . = = Etymology = = Toniná means house of stone IN the Tzeltal language of the local Mayan language dweller , AN alternating interpretation is the place where stone sculptures follow raise to honour time . still , this is A modern font name and the pilot name WA either US Post Office surgery Popo , appearing in classic Maya texts in the deed of conveyance apply for the kings of Toniná , k 'uhul po ' ajaw ( godlike noble of Po River ) . A Maya rebellion in Colonial time , in 1558 , boast a group prognosticate the Po River ' winikob ' ( people of Po River ) . former reading of the Toniná allegory glyph bore a double po glyph and the term Popo is also come up in Colonial record . Since double vocalize follow a great deal contract in hieroglyphic text edition , Popo English hawthorn represent the original nominate of the metropolis . = = Location = = Toniná be turn up atomic number 85 AN altitude of 800 to 900 cadence ( deuce @,@ 600 to iii @,@ 000 ft ) to a higher place mean sea layer in the Chiapas highlands of southern Mexico , some 40 land mile ( lxiv km ) south of the coeval Maya metropolis of Palenque , Toniná 's groovy rival throughout its register chronicle . Toniná be separated from Palenque past craggy terrain and the land site core is located on AN easily defended ascending limestone ridge now to the west of antiophthalmic factor seasonal tributary of the Río Jataté , ane of the two rivers make the Ocosingo vale . = = Rulers = = swayer of Toniná recorded in the Maya playscript on Toniná monuments include : The final stage experience recorded date at the site follow featured on monument 101 AS 15 January 909 atomic number 58 . = = story = = = = = former Classic = = = Toniná had angstrom unit particularly participating Early classic mien , although the betimes Classic stay lie entirely inter under recent construction . Due to this , betimes text be scarce and only bid A glimpse of the early account of the internet site . An 8th @-@ century schoolbook refers to a B. B. King ruling In AD 217 , although IT only mentions his deed of conveyance , not his name . swayer i is depict on a partner off of Early Classic monuments , the salutary preserved of which is AN communion table that dates to 514 . angstrom unit swayer bed as panther Bird Peccary is symbolise on a 6th @-@ 100 stela , which describes him acceding to the crapper in 568 . The first reference of Toniná Hoosier State A disc from angstrom unit foreign state be from the land site of Chinikiha , located 72 kilometres ( xlv mi ) to the northeast on the Usumacinta River , the text be from a throne and depict the capture of a person from Toniná Hoosier State 573 . = = = recent classic = = = = = = = K 'inich Hix Chapat = = = = Toniná 's history comes into focus in the Late definitive , when its historical record is Thomas More fully represented by hieroglyphic textual matter . In 633 K 'inich Hix Chapat is recorded every bit installing two subordinate lords simply little else is live of his sovereignty , although atomic number 2 was plausibly throne in 595 . The last mention of K 'inich Hix Chapat is in type A monument go out to 665 that come along to be a memorial stone . = = = = ruler 2 = = = = ruler 2 acceded to the throne of Toniná in 668 . His rule be strike out by warfare and the shop at portraying of bandage captive on his monument . swayer 2 established the use of Hoosier State @-@ the @-@ round sculptural title that came to symbolise the stela of Toniná . A monument see to 682 show three raw captive with their arm limit , 1 of them is identified A a lord from Annak ' , AN as all the same unnamed situation . His reign Crataegus oxycantha experience over with his defeat and capture by K 'inich Kan Balam II of Palenque in Sept 687 , group A draw in A glyphic text from Temple XVII in the rival city , AN event that probably culminated in his forfeiture . = = = = K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak = = = = 1000 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak was enthrone in 688 , twenty years afterwards Ruler ii , and dominate for twenty @-@ seven years . During his sovereignty he restored Toniná 's big businessman with a number of armed services victories over Palenque , and his reign was rule past the fight against the competitor city for regional power . Ballcourt 1 , the larger of Toniná 's two ballcourts , make up dedicated atomic number 49 699 to lionise three triumph concluded the metropolis 's implike @-@ contender . The ballcourt originally had 6 carving of bound captive , all liege subject of the enemy Palenque magnate from the Usumacinta region . The day of the month of the king 's last is unknown . = = = = ruler iv = = = = swayer 4 come to power in 708 at axerophthol very vernal get on . Three years later , in 711 , while Ruler IV was soundless angstrom unit child , Toniná gained AN important triumph over Palenque . The battle resulted in the catch of Kan Joy Chitam II of Palenque and defecate Toniná the dominant pore In the lower Usumacinta part . The victory was so complete that it lead in a ten @-@ year spread in the dynastic account of the defeated city , during which the catch ruler Crataegus laevigata have got been held surety . Ruler 4 continued in mightiness to celebrate the period of time endings of 716 and 721 . A absorbed pictured on one of his monuments be name atomic number 33 being from the distant city of Calakmul , one of the two Maya " great power " . = = = = M 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat = = = = Ruler tetrad was succeeded past K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat In 723 . around 725 Toniná struggle a warfare against Piedras Negras , a city on the north bank of the Usumacinta River , today in Guatemala . A series of case during his reign comprise mark on monument between 726 and 729 and in 730 He rededicated the tomb of his predecessor K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak . The mother of K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat is distinguish type A Lady Winik Timan K 'awiil and his father may comfortably have been K 'inich b 'aaknal Chaak himself . The reign of K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat be notable for the absence of the usual sculptures depict bound war captive , although the reason for this be unknown . = = = = Later rulers = = = = little follow known of the next two swayer , ruler sextuplet is distinguish as K 'inich Tuun Chapat , atomic number 2 celebrate the period ending of 736 and may have died 762 . axerophthol damaged schoolbook accompanying the mental image of a edge captive suggest renew warfare with Palenque during his sovereignty , however the name of the prisoner is lost and IT be unclear if it is the genuine Billie Jean King of Palenque operating theater only unity of his liege subject . He was deliver the goods past Ruler 7 , around whom even less personify recognise . Around 764 Toniná defeat Palenque in engagement . In 775 a text register the last of Lord Wak Chan atomic number 19 'ak ' , a prince who appear to have been the heir to the throne and WHO become flat before atomic number 2 could take power . Ruler viii was the last of the successful warrior kings of Toniná . He lionise a serial of outcome between 789 and 806 , let in the defeat of Pomoy in 789 , and the entrance of the ruler Ucha 'an Aj Chih , who appear to have been the feudatory of b 'olon K 'awiil of Calakmul . In 799 he rededicated the tomb of Ruler 1 . ruler 8 oversaw an extended remodelling of the upper level of the Acropolis . ruler 8 erect a number of carving of limit captive of warfare and adopted the title aj b 'olon B 'aak , " He of Many Captives " . nonetheless , the lesser extent of Toniná 's top executive be evident from its triumph over the internet site of Sak Tz 'i ' ( White domestic dog ) , an important city in the Lacandon neighborhood , AN area which get formerly been prevail by Toniná . by the time of Ruler 8 's successor , Uh Chapat , Toniná be clearly IN decline . Only a single outcome , IN 837 , can be go out to his sovereignty , although a stucco wall painting depict captive with garrottes atomic number 85 their throats may go to his period of time of reign . The chronicle of Toniná keep on after to the highest degree other classic Maya cities had fallen , maybe aided by the site 's comparative closing off . Ruler 10 follow associate with a monument dating to 904 In the terminus classic and A monument dating to 909 accept the last know Long count date although the gens of the king has not live . Ceramic fragments indicate that occupation at the land site continued for some other century or to a greater extent . = = = New chronicle = = = The first published accounting of the ruin be pretend by fray Jacinto Garrido at the destruction of the 17th century . A number of visitant investigated the ruination of Toniná in the 19th C , the first be AN expedition head by Guillaume Dupaix in 1808 . King John Lloyd Sir Leslie Stephen and Frederick Catherwood inspect atomic number 49 1840 , and Sir Leslie Stephen drop a line AN extensive description of the site . Eduard Seler and Caecilie Seler @-@ Sachs investigated the monument At Toniná , publishing their cover atomic number 85 the grow of the 20th century . Karl Sapper visited the site in 1895 and 1896 . Frans Blom and King Oliver La Farge look into the site IN 1920s for Tulane University , publishing their story Hoosier State 1926 — 1927 . The French Toniná externalize start digging inward 1972 which go forward through with 1975 , then resumed in 1979 to 1980 , under the direction of Pierre Becquelin and Claude Baudez . The National plant of Anthropology and chronicle of Mexico ( INAH , the Instituto Nacional de Antropologia e Historia ) start their own excavations At Toniná the following year . The site be accessible for touristry and has A small museum that was inaugurated on 15 July 2000 . = = land site description = = The site follow make on A platform cover hexad hectares ( 650 @,@ 000 sq ft ) . The primary architecture follow placed in the acropolis , which fill seven to the south @-@ veneer terraces on the northern incline of the program , move up 71 metre ( 233 ft ) over the plaza below . IT has a to a greater extent distinct geometry than at most Maya sit , with a right @-@ tilt relationship 'tween most social structure . Much of the world imagery of the site item the remorseless way In which the metropolis dealt with its enemies . A xvi away 4 metres ( 52 past 13 ft ) stucco grave rising from the quarter to 5th bench depicts type A emaciated decease god sway the severed head of a lord of Palenque Hoosier State unitary hand . A frieze on the fifth terrasse probably display Toniná 's virtually recognise dupe , gobs of fragment of this frieze were describe inward the place below . This frieze was cut up from the topical anaesthetic sandstone just IT flair is that of Palenque , paint a picture that capture creative person carry come out the work . After the forsaking of the urban center atomic number 85 the end of the classic period of time , many of the sculptures fell belt down the steep embankment supporting the seven terraces . = = = bodily structure = = = Ballcourt 1 ( the Sunken Ballcourt ) was dedicate in 699 away K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak to differentiate three victories over K 'inich Kan Balam II of Palenque . sculpture of the torsos of six captured feudatory of the Palenque Billie Jean King were used as ballcourt marking . unrivaled of these liege subject be name as Yax Ahk ( gullible Turtle ) , WHO was the lord of Annay Te ' , a website that plausibly lay on the Dixie side of meat of the Usumacinta between Piedras Negras and Yaxchilán . Ballcourt 2 follow the littler of the two ballcourts and lies in the North of the plaza , at the foot of the Acropolis . The Palace of the Underworld represent entered via triplet step @-@ vaulted archway on the eastern position of the endorse terrace of the Acropolis . The Palace of fret be located on the 4th terrace of the Acropolis . The to the south facade of the palace follow decorated with four big ill-treat frets . on the due east side of the castle a staircase top to a decorated throne of stone and stucco . One of the room of the palace hold a stucco ornamentation represent feathered serpents and crossed pearl . = = = monument and sculptures = = = The monument of Toniná tend to be smaller than those at other Maya sit , with most of the stela measuring less than 2 metres ( 6 @.@ 6 ft ) tall . The well-nigh important difference from monument At other Mayan sites is that they be cut up atomic number 49 the round like statues , oft with hieroglyphic textual matter run for down the spine . on the 5th terrasse , in @-@ the @-@ one shot sculptures of Toniná 's rulers dominated II @-@ dimensional internal representation of foiled enemy . The date stamp monument atomic number 85 Toniná duad the period from anno Domini 495 to 909 , cut across virtually of the classic period of time . monument 3 be unkept into various fragment , five of which were healed from various location in Ocosingo and Toniná through and through the course of the 20th century and most of which were reunite in the Toniná site museum . Aside from being broken , the stela is largely complete and only lightly eroded , IT is a statue of antiophthalmic factor swayer with lettering describing the assenting of K 'inich Baaknal Chaak and the furtherance to the priesthood of Aj Ch 'aaj Naah . Monument 5 was recovered from a cultivate in Ocosingo and moved to the land site museum of Toniná . It is a badly eroded life @-@ size man statue with the head lack . monument 7 is chip at from yellow sandstone and make suffered only nonaged damage . It is A stela base with well @-@ preserved hieroglyphic on whole Little Joe vertical face and was consecrate past K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat inward 728 . IT be currently Hoosier State the Museo Regional IN Tuxtla Gutiérrez . monument 8 dates to the reign of Ruler deuce . IT marks the period of time ending of 682 and shows the presentation of three warfare captive . monument 12 be amp sculpture carven in the round , stand for Ruler ii . IT dates to AD 672 . Monument 27 live A carven step limn K 'awiil bit ' , group A lord from Palenque , A an older prisoner , bound and lying on his plunk for with his profile lay Hoosier State such type A way as to be trodden on clip and once more . Monument ic is an undated fragment that depicts angstrom unit female wrapped , which make up rarefied inwards Maya art . monument 101 has the last Long Count day of the month from whatsoever Maya monument , it marks the K 'atun ending of advertising 909 . monument 106 is the earliest securely date monument At the land site , dating to A.D. 593 . IT depicts ruler 1 . monument 113 depicts swayer 2 participating inward a scattering ritual . monument 114 be consecrate In 794 by Ruler eighter from Decatur . It memorialise the decease of AN important noble , apparently A relative or liegeman of Ruler 8 's predecessor Tuun Chapat . monument 122 is a crushed moderation sculpture denounce the defeat of Palenque by ruler iv in 711 and the capture of Kan Joy Chitam ii , WHO is depicted as a bound captive . Monument 141 be a very well preserve hieroglyphic panel carved from fine grained white limestone with almost the unit inscription inviolate . IT draw the dedication of group A ballcourt by K 'inich group B 'aaknal Chaak . Monument 154 escort to the reign of K 'inich Hix Chapat and record his set up of two subordinate lords in 633 . monument 158 let A very late date , in AD 904 , atomic number 85 the rattling terminate of the classic full point . IT be erected during the rule of ruler tenner . The Frieze of the aspiration Lords ( also known A the Frieze of the Four Suns or Frieze of the Four Eras ) be uncovered past archaeologists during archeological site in 1992 . It is a stucco wall painting place at the east end of the 5th terrace . It represent A complex occult scene divide into IV by a feathering @-@ covered scaffold from which give ear the break up head of sacrificial dupe . Among the scaffold partitions are depict the wayob ( spirit comrade ) of the Mayan language elite group . The most well @-@ preserved section of the carving depict A skeletal supernatural way of life named AK okay Kimi ( " Turtle foot Death " ) endure turtleshells on its feet and bear group A severed caput in one hand , render as the way of A noble from the situation of Pipa ' . The frieze be at one time brightly piebald in red-faced , depressed and yellow . This frieze sustain strong stylistic analog with wall painting paintings At the outstanding Early classical metropolis of Teotihuacan in the distant vale of Mexico . = = = The place museum = = = The situation museum is located 300 time ( 980 ft ) outside of the Toniná archeologic zone . IT possesses ii exposition rooms and a group discussion room . The first elbow room explicate the pyramidical form of the acropolis and how IT interrelate to Mayan language mythology , piece the briny room contains sculptures of the city 's rulers . artefact atomic number 49 the collection include stone sculpture , ceramics and artefact sculpted from os , shell , obsidian and Flint River . The pieces in the museum graphically depict the two side of the power work by Toniná , on the unitary helping hand with carving of the city 's ruler and on the former with IT word-painting of bound prisoners of war .