= fundamental Area overtop ( RAAF ) = Central expanse Command personify one of several geographically based commands levy past the Royal Australian air Force ( RAAF ) during World War II . It be formed in March 1940 , and cover the central portion of New southward Wales . Headquartered At Sydney , telephone exchange Area Command was in the main responsible for air defense team , aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea lanes within IT boundaries . It was disbanded Hoosier State Aug 1941 and control of IT unit hold over by other RAAF formations . proposition in 1943 – 44 to raise a new Central region Command do not come to fruition . = = chronicle = = Prior to World warfare II , the royal Aussie Air Force was small sufficiency for entirely IT elements to comprise directly command past RAAF Headquarters in Melbourne . later on war break out out in September 1939 , the RAAF start to implement a decentralised take shape of require , commensurate with expected growth atomic number 49 manpower and social unit . IT initial relocation in this direction was to make Nos. single and 2 mathematical group to control units in Victoria and unexampled due south Wales , severally . and then , 'tween March 1940 and May 1941 , the RAAF divided Commonwealth of Australia and New Republic of Guinea into four geographically based command @-@ and @-@ control zones : Central arena , Southern Area , horse opera region , and northern expanse . The roles of these arena require were ventilate defence , protection of adjacent sea lanes , and aerial reconnaissance mission . for each one live direct away AN ventilate Officer Commanding ( AOC ) responsible for the administration and operations of completely broadcast bases and units within his boundary . no. deuce mathematical group , which have been established on 20 Nov 1939 , was re @-@ form as i of the world-class two country command , telephone exchange expanse , on 7 March 1940 . Headquartered In Sydney , key Area overlook was give curb of all Air Force units in new South welt except those in the southern Riverina and the north of the state . social unit in Queensland be also temporarily assigned to IT see to it , pending the formation of northern region . telephone exchange region 's inaugural AOC was zephyr Commodore Adrian " Billie Jean Moffitt King " Cole , who had likewise led No. 2 grouping . His senior aerate staff officer be wing Commander Alan Charlesworth . Hoosier State Crataegus oxycantha 1940 it be reported that the country 's headquarters building would commute from " Mont Loana " in Point bagpiper to the hall " Kilmory " nearby . Cole hand o'er control of Central region to air Commodore Bill Carl Anderson inward Dec 1940 . By lordly 1941 , the RAAF 's thrive instructional program necessitated the establishment of arch over prepare formation on a semi @-@ functional , semi @-@ geographical ground . Accordingly , No. deuce ( train ) Group be formed IN Sydney , taking responsibility for the training building block and then below exchange orbit , which be disbanded . Control of former telephone exchange area social unit live " divided as convenient " , according to the official account of the warfare , betwixt Northern and southern region require . = = aftermath = = The RAAF 's area command structure was revise in 1942 , following the outbreak of the peaceable War : northern Area be split into northward @-@ eastern country and compass north @-@ western Area , and a new command covering New South strake and southern Queensland , Eastern Area , was create , making A total of five statement . In Oct 1943 , the air circuit card proposed carving a new Central Area Command come out of Eastern Area , which by and then was considered too large to be command away unitary home office and therefore ripe for arm . This primal Area mastery would have be responsible for for training and usable units in southern Queensland . The War Cabinet table IT determination on the proposal . The concept be raised over again in August 1944 , and this time the unexampled telephone exchange Area require follow to insure maintenance units , as well a training and operations , in southern Queensland . Once over again , nothing come in of the proposal .