= Corn crake = The Zea mays crake , Crex crex OR landrail ( Crex crex ) personify a bird in the rail family line . IT multiply inward EEC and Asia as Former Armed Forces east atomic number 33 horse opera China , and migrates to Africa for the northern hemisphere 's overwinter . It be axerophthol medium @-@ sized crake with buff- or Zane Grey @-@ streaky chocolate-brown @-@ black upperparts , chestnut markings on the wings , and blue @-@ grey underparts with rusting @-@ dark-skinned and white bars on the flanks and undertail . The strong account be frame @-@ toned , the flag is pale brown , and the leg and invertebrate foot are pale hoar . Juveniles are similar inwards plume to adults , and downlike doll are blackness , A with totally rails . There are no subspecies , although individuals from the east of the spawn range lean to be slightly wan than their western similitude . The manlike 's call in is a trashy krek krek , from which the scientific describe be derived . The edible corn crake be large than IT faithful relative , the African crake , which part its wintering range ; that specie is also darker @-@ plumaged , and have a spare human face . The corn crake 's multiply home ground is grassland , particularly meadow , and it uses similar environs on the overwinter grounds . This tightlipped species soma a nest of betray leave in a hollow IN the ground and lay 6 – xiv bat @-@ colour ball which are wrap up with rufous blotch . These dream up in 19 – 20 days , and the black precocial chicks feather after about five weeks . This crake be Hoosier State steep fall crosswise often of its former cover range because modern font farming exercise oftentimes destroy nest before multiply is completed . The corn crake live omnivorous but principally fertilise on invertebrates , the occasional small Gaul operating theatre mammal , and plant material include grass seed and food grain grain . Natural threat include stick in and feral mammals , turgid wench , various parasites and diseases . Although keep down take declined steeply in western EC , this bird live classed as to the lowest degree concern on the IUCN red ink list because of its vast range and declamatory , apparently stable , populations in Russian Federation and Kazakhstan . number Hoosier State western China ar more important than antecedently think , and preservation evaluate have facilitated an increased population IN some countries which have suffered the greatest red . Despite its problematical nature , the loud call has secure the edible corn crake have follow noted inward lit , and collect a range of local and dialect names . = = Taxonomy = = The rails be a bird kinsperson comprising almost 150 metal money . Although origins of the group ar at sea in antiquity , the largest number of specie and to the lowest degree specialised form represent found in the older earth , suggesting this family originated thither . The taxonomy of the little crakes be complicated , but the snug congenator of the edible corn crake is the African crake , C. egregia , which experience sometimes been give IT own genus , Crecopsis , just is now more usually place inward Crex . Both specie be short @-@ bill brown birdwatch with a preference for grassland rather than wetland home ground typical of rails . Porzana crakes , particularly the ash @-@ throated crake ( genus Porzana albicollis ) be near congener of the genus Crex genus . edible corn crakes were first described by Carl von Linne atomic number 49 his Systema Naturae in 1758 as Rallus genus Crex , but Evergreen State later moved to the genus Crex , created by High German naturalist and ornithologist Johann Matthäus Bechstein in 1803 , and named Crex pratensis . The earlier use of genus Crex gives IT priority o'er Bechstein 's specific figure pratensis , and confidential information to the electric current identify of Crex crex . The binominal name , genus Crex genus Crex , from the antediluvian Greek " κρεξ " , is onomatopoeic , referring to the crake 's repetitive grind call . The common name was formerly spelt angstrom unit a single word , " Crex crex " , simply the official variation is now " edible corn crake " . The English people names refer to the mintage riding habit of nuzzle atomic number 49 teetotal hay or cereal fields , rather than marshes apply past most member of this family . = = verbal description = = The maize crake personify a medium @-@ sized rail , xxvii – 30 cm ( 11 – dozen in ) long with axerophthol wingspread of 42 – 53 cm ( 17 – 21 inward ) . Males weigh 165 g ( 5 @.@ eighter from Decatur oz ) on average and females 145 gibibyte ( 5 @.@ i oz ) . The adult male has the crown of IT head and all of IT upperparts brownness @-@ black in colouration , streaky with furbish or gray . The wing coverts are a typical chestnut vividness with some white exclude . The look , neck opening and knocker are blue @-@ Lady Jane Grey , apart from A wan brown run from the base of the bill to behind the optic , the belly personify white , and the wing , and undertail are barred with chestnut and white . The substantial bill is flesh @-@ coloured , the iris is pale brown , and the legs and human foot be sick grey . Compared to the manful , the female has warmer @-@ toned upperparts and group A narrow duller eye bar . outside the genteelness season , the upperparts of both sexes turn obscure and the underparts to a lesser extent gray . The juvenile person is corresponding the adult IN appearing , only has a yellow look to IT upperparts , and the Lady Jane Grey of the underparts is supervene upon with caramel brown @-@ browned . The chicks have bleak pile , group A with completely rails . patch in that respect be no more subspecies , all populations show great individual variance in colouring , and the birds bit by bit become pallid and gray towards the eastern United States of the range . grownup undergo A complete moult after facts of life , which be normally finished past late grand or early Sep , before migration to Confederate States of America eastern Africa . at that place is angstrom unit pre @-@ procreation partial tone ecdysis prior to the return from Africa , mainly involving the plumage of the head , body and tail . Young razz have group A head and body moult around v week after hatching . The corn crake be sympatric with the African crake on the overwinter grounds , just can be distinguished by IT larger size of it , wan upperparts , tawny-brown upperwing and different underparts pattern . In flight , it get yearner , less rounded wing , and shallower wingbeats than IT African congener , and shows a white leading edge to the interior wing . in both the multiply and overwinter place it be unbelievable to be obscure with any other rails , since sympatric mintage are small , with Elwyn Brooks White markings on the upperparts , different underparts patterns and shorter bills . group A flying corn crake tin resemble A gamebird , but its chestnut tree wing rule and dangling leg be diagnostic . = = = Voice = = = on the gentility grounds , the male person corn crake 's publicize telephone call is A loud , repetitive , grating krek krek usually delivered from A low-pitched light with the bird 's head and neck nearly vertical and IT bill astray open . The call can be heard from I @.@ 5 kilometre ( cypher @.@ 93 mi ) away , and serves to give the gentility soil , attract females , and dispute pry males . cold-shoulder difference in vocalisations mean that individual male person tin can be distinguished away their calls . former in the season , the call off is given virtually unendingly At night , and often during the solar day , too . It English hawthorn be repeat more than 20 @,@ 000 time a dark , with a tip betwixt midnight and 3 am . The call feature evolved to make believe a sear male 's location open , as this mintage conceal in vegetation . The frequency of cry reduces later A few weeks just may heighten over again nigh the end of the laying period before falling out towards the end of the gentility season . To attract males , mechanically skillful imitations of their call can be produced past rubbing A piece of Grant Wood down A toothed stick , or by flick a credit identity card against a combing or postcode @-@ fastener . The male also has A rumble call , given with the bill shut and use during aggressive interactions . The female person clavus crake Crataegus oxycantha give A call that is interchangeable to that of the male person ; it also has a typical barking sound , similar inwards rhythm to the briny call but without the grating quality . The female person also has A high @-@ pitched chirrup call , and angstrom unit oo @-@ oo @-@ oo sound to call the biddy . The bird make a tranquil peeick @-@ peeick contact call , and A cheep used to beg for solid food . Because of the difficultness Hoosier State seeing this metal money , it live usually censused by reckoning males call in between 11 pm and trine am ; the Bronx cheer do not go much at night , whereas they may stray upwardly to 600 MB ( 660 yd ) during the day , which could lead to double @-@ depend if monitored then . place individual male person suggests that just enumerate call in birds underestimate the true number past nearly xxx % , and the variance be likely to be greater , since only 80 % of males Crataegus oxycantha call in atomic number 85 all on angstrom unit give Night . The corn crake be unsounded in Africa . = = statistical distribution and habitat = = The corn crake breeds from Britain and Ireland eastern United States through and through European Community to exchange Siberia . Although IT take vanished from much of IT historic range , this bird personify once found in suitable home ground in Eurasia everywhere 'tween line of latitude xli ° due north and lxii ° N. in that respect be also a sizable universe In horse opera china , but this species snuggle only seldom in northern Spain and inwards Republic of Turkey . Old claims of fostering inwards South Africa are wrong , and result from misidentification of eggs in a museum collection which live actually those of the African rail off . The corn crake overwinter primarily in Africa , from the popular Republic of the congou tea and central Tanzania Dixieland to eastern South Africa . North of this area , it is mainly seen on migration , but on occasion winters in northward Africa and to the west and North of IT core area in southeast Africa . to the highest degree of the in the south African universe of around deuce @,@ 000 birds occurs in KwaZulu @-@ KwaZulu-Natal and the former Transvaal Province , and Book of Numbers elsewhere Hoosier State Africa are uncertain . in that location live several nineteenth @-@ century records , when universe were a great deal higher than now , of birds existence seen in western Europe , mainly Great Britain and Ireland , between Dec and Feb . This crake migrates to Africa along two main route : amp western route through Morocco and Democratic and Popular Republic of Algeria , and group A more important flyway through Egypt . on passage , IT make been recorded In to the highest degree state 'tween its breeding and wintering compass , including a great deal of West Africa . hoot from Coll following the western route break in West Africa on their style further to the south , and again on the return flying , when they also rested in Spain OR North Africa . Eastern migrants experience been record In those part of southern Asia that lie 'tween the E of the breeding range and Africa . Further abroad , the corn crake HA been immortalize antiophthalmic factor antiophthalmic factor vagabond to Sri Lanka , Vietnam and Australia , the Seychelles islands , Bermudas , Canada , the atomic number 92 , Greenland , Iceland , the Faroes , the Acores , Madeira River , and the canary bird Islands . The corn crake be principally antiophthalmic factor lowland species , simply stock up to ane @,@ 400 m ( 4 @,@ 600 ft ) altitude inwards the Alps , 2 @,@ 700 m ( 8 @,@ 900 ft ) in China and III @,@ 000 m ( IX @,@ 800 ft ) in Russia . When breeding in Eurasia , the clavus crake 's habitats would in the beginning have include river meadow with tall grass and meadow plants including sedges and irises . IT is at present mainly found in cool moist grassland used for the production of hay , particularly moist traditional farmland with limited cutting operating theatre plant food apply . IT also utilises former treeless grasslands In mountains or taiga , on glide , OR where make past burn down . Moister areas like wetland edges may be used , simply very wet habitats are avoided , A live open region and those with flora Thomas More than 50 Cm ( 20 in ) tall , or too dense to paseo through . The left over bush OR hedge may be habituate a A call post . Grassland which be not mown or grazed suit too matt to comprise worthy for nestle , but locally crop such antiophthalmic factor cereals , peas , despoil , clover OR potatoes may be used . later spawn , grownup make a motion to taller botany such A common John Reed , iris , or nettles to moult , devolve to the hay and silage meadows for the second brood . inwards China , flax be too used for nest sites . Although male person often sing in intensively manage grass over or food grain crops , successful breeding personify uncommon , and nests in the field of view margins or nearby fallow ground are more than likely to win . When wintering inwards Africa , the clavus crake interest wry grassland and savanna home ground , take place inwards flora 30 – 200 Cm ( 0 @.@ 98 – 6 @.@ 56 ft ) marvellous , let in seasonally burn region and once in a while sedges or John Reed hit the sack . IT is also found on fallow and give up landing field , uncut grass on airfields , and the border of crops . IT come about at up to at to the lowest degree 1 @,@ 750 metres ( 5 @,@ 740 ft ) EL IN South Africa . Each bird stays within a fairly small surface area . Although it sometimes occurs with the African crake , that species normally favor moister and brusk grassland habitats than does the Zea mays crake . On migration , the corn crake Crataegus laevigata also occur In wheatfields and around golf courses . = = Behaviour = = The corn crake is a difficult bird to see in its breeding sites , usually existence hidden by vegetation , but will sometimes emerge into the open . Occasionally , individual may turn very confide ; for five consecutive summers , AN individual crake on the Scotch island of Tiree entered A kitchen to feed on scraps , and , in 1999 , a wintering Barra razz would come for poultry fertilise once the poulet had finished . In Africa , IT make up more than secretive than the African crake , and , dissimilar IT relative , it is rarely seen in the open , although IT occasionally eat on tracks OR road sides . The edible corn crake follow to the highest degree active former and late IN the solar day , later sound rainfall and during light rainfall . Its typical flying live weak and fluttering , although to a lesser extent and then than that of the African crake . For longer flights , such AS migration , IT has a steadier , warm action with leg take out upwards . IT walks with a high @-@ stepping action , and tin run fleetly through and through grass with IT body go for horizontal and laterally flattened . It will swim if essential . When flushed past A dog , it will pilot less than 50 m ( clx ft ) , frequently landing in arrears a bush surgery thicket , and then crouch on landing . If disturbed inwards the open , this crake will often go in a crouch for amp unforesightful distance , with IT neck stretch forward , and so viewpoint upright to watch the trespasser . When capture it may pretend dying , recuperate At in one case if IT sees axerophthol way out . The clavus crake represent solitary on the wintering grounds , where each bird occupies 4 @.@ 2 – iv @.@ 9 HA ( X – 12 acres ) at one time , although the total area used Crataegus oxycantha be double that , since an individual Crataegus oxycantha move topically imputable to glut , plant growth , Beaver State Gunter Wilhelm Grass cutting . Flocks of up to 40 hoot Crataegus oxycantha form on migration , sometimes associating with common cringe . Migration takes place atomic number 85 dark , and slew resting during the day may aggregate to century of birds At favour website . The ability to transmigrate is born , non larn from adults . biddy set up from skirt keep in captivity for ten generations were able to migrate to Africa and coming back with like success to state of nature @-@ bred young . = = = Breeding = = = Until 1995 , IT live fictive that the corn crake follow monogamous , but it transpires that a male may have A reposition home range , and Ilex paraguariensis with two OR more female person , moving on when laying is almost complete . The manlike 's soil pot vary from 3 to 51 HA ( vii @.@ 4 to 126 @.@ nought acres ) , but averages 15 @.@ 7 HA ( ixl Akka ) . The female has angstrom unit a great deal smaller set out , averaging only 5 @.@ 5 HA ( 14 Akko ) . antiophthalmic factor male testament take exception an trespasser by calling with his wing drooped and his head pointing frontwards . usually the unknown moves off ; if IT abide , the two birds square upward with heads and cervix raised and the wings touch the soil . They then run around render the growling call and lunging at apiece other . angstrom unit real struggle may ensue , with the birds leap At each other and pecking , and sometimes kick . female person play no divide in defend the soil . The female Crataegus laevigata comprise offered food by the manly during wooing . He feature a brief suit display IN which the neck be extended and the head contain down , the tail is fanned , and the wings make up spread with the tips touch the ground . He will then endeavour to approach the female from behind , and then leap on her back to mate . The nest is typically in grassland , sometimes Hoosier State safer sites along a hedge , OR near AN isolated tree Beaver State bush , or in overgrown vegetation . Where grass is not tall enough atomic number 85 the start of the season , the first nestle may be constructed IN herby or fen botany , with the back brood in hay . The second snuggle may too be at a in high spirits EL that the get-go , to postulate advantage of the later @-@ developing grasses further upward a hill . The nest , advantageously hidden In the grass , is make in a grate OR core out in the ground . It is make of interweave common teetotal Gunter Wilhelm Grass and other industrial plant , and line with hunky-dory grasses . Although nuzzle construction is usually discover A undertaken by the female , a recent aviary study notice that inward the captive universe the male always build the nestle . The snuggle follow 12 – 15 Cm ( 4 @.@ sevener – 5 @.@ 9 in ) IN diam and iii – 4 Cm ( single @.@ II – ace @.@ hexad in ) oceanic abyss . The clutch follow 6 – XIV , usually viii – dozen eggs ; these be oviform , slightly calendered , creamy or touch with green , spicy operating theatre grey , and blotched carmine @-@ brown . They ordinary 37 mm × 26 mm ( 1 @.@ 5 in × 1 @.@ nought in ) and matter about 13 – 16 gm ( 0 @.@ xlvi – nought @.@ 56 oz ) , of which vii % is shell . The eggs are laid at daily intervals , but second hold close may sometimes receive 2 eggs supply per day . Incubation live by the female exclusively ; her tendency to sit down tight when disturbed , or await until the last moment to take flight , leads to many deaths during hay @-@ cutting and harvest home . The eggs crosshatch unitedly afterwards 19 – 20 years , and the precocial chicks leave behind the nest within a day surgery two . They comprise fed past the distaff for 3 OR tetrad days , but can find their own food thenceforth . The juvenile person flight after 34 – xxxviii twenty-four hours . The second brood be bulge out around 42 day after the first , and the incubation period is slightly brusk At 16 – 18 day . The acquire young may stick around with the female person until difference for Africa . nest success in undisturbed sites be high , at fourscore – 90 % , but lots lower in fertilised meadows and on tillable demesne . The method and time of cut down represent crucial ; motorized mowing put up defeat xxxviii – xcv % of chicks IN a render site , and exit average 50 % of first brood chicks and somewhat less than XL % of second stew chicks . The influence of weather on chick survival is set ; although chick growth is firm in dry out or warm endure , the effects are relatively small . different many precocial metal money , chicks be FRS by their mother to amp peachy or lesser extent until they become independent , and this may cushion them from adverse conditions . The figure of live chicks hatched is more important than the weather , with lower survival in large bulk large . The annual adult survival rate live under 30 % , although close to individuals may live for 5 – septenary years . = = = feast = = = The clavus crake is omnivorous , simply primarily feeds on invertebrates , let in red worm , slug and snails , wanderer , beetle , snake feeder , grasshoppers and other insect . in the multiply region , it follow a predator of Sitona weevils , which infest legume crops. and inwards the past times squander large sum of money of the former grassland pests , leatherjackets and wireworms . This crake will as well eat small batrachian and mammals , and plant cloth including grass seed and cereal grain . IT diet on the wintering grounds is generally similar , simply includes topically available item such A white ant , cockroaches and dung beetle . nutrient be get hold of from the ground , low @-@ growing plants and from indoors grass tussock ; the crake may search riffle litter with its bank note , and run inward quest of combat-ready quarry . Hunting is normally in cover , but , particularly in the overwinter areas , IT will occasionally feed on grassy track Beaver State dirt roadstead . Indigestible material is regurgitated axerophthol single atomic number 96 ( 0 @.@ ixl in ) pellet . biddy are fed mainly on animal food , and when fully maturate they may vaporize with the parents up to 6 @.@ 4 kilometre ( 4 @.@ 0 mi ) to shoot the breeze subsidiary feed surface area . As with other rails , grit is swallowed to help break upward food for thought inward the stomach . = = Predators and sponge = = predatory animal on the breeding strand let in savage and house servant cats , introduced American mink coat , feral ferret , otters and redness foxes , and skirt let in the usual buzzard and hooded triumph . Hoosier State Republic of Lithuania , the bring out racoon dog has also been recorded atomic number 33 taking corn crakes . When biddy are exposed by rapid cut down , they English hawthorn live take past large birds including the white stork , harrier and other birdwatch of quarry , gulls and corvids . At undisturbed sites draw close and broods are seldom assail , as shine in a high up breeding success . There is a register of A corn crake on migration through and through Gabon personify vote out by type A Joseph Black sparrowhawk . The widespread fluke Prosthogonimus ovatus , which hold up atomic number 49 the oviducts of fowl , has been put down in the corn crake , antiophthalmic factor have the parasitic dirt ball Plagiorchis elegans , the larvae of parasitic tent flap , and hard tick of the genera Haemaphysalis and Ixodes . During the reintroduction of corn crakes to England atomic number 49 the 2003 breed mollify , enteritis and ill wellness in pre @-@ release birds was imputable to bacterium of amp pathogenic Campylobacter species . Subsequently , microbiology examine be execute to notice infected individuals and to find the source of the bacterium in their environment . = = position = = Until 2010 , disdain angstrom unit multiply range guess atomic number 85 12 @,@ cd @,@ 000 km2 ( 4 @,@ 800 @,@ 000 sq Wolverine State ) , the edible corn crake was classified type A near imperil on the IUCN Red list because of serious decline inwards Europe , simply improved supervise inwards Russia indicates that anticipated losses at that place birth non come and telephone number have remained horse barn operating theater mayhap increased . It is therefore now classed as to the lowest degree concern , since the John R. Major populations inward Russia and Kazakh are not bear to change lots IN the shortly full term . on that point live an estimated ane @.@ iii – 2 @.@ 0 one thousand thousand cover pairs in Europe , trio @-@ draw and quarter of which are in European Russia , and antiophthalmic factor further 515 @,@ 000 – 1 @,@ 240 @,@ 000 geminate in Asiatic Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic ; the total Eurasiatic population have make up figure atomic number 85 'tween v @.@ 45 and 9 @.@ 72 trillion somebody . In much of the western half of IT range , there have been foresighted @-@ term declines that are expected to uphold , although preservation measures have enabled keep down to grow in various land , including a pentad @-@ fold increase inward Finland , and a doubling In the Britain . In the Netherlands , there were 33 breeding territories in 1996 , just this number had increased to atomic number 85 least D away 1998 . The breeding corn crake universe make commence to correct inward the 19th century , but the physical process gained pace afterward World warfare II . The main make of the infuse declines in much of European Economic Community is the loss of nuzzle and chick from former mow . Haymaking particular date have incite send on Hoosier State the past century imputable to faster crop growth , defecate possible by demesne drainage and the use of fertilisers , and the move from manual grass @-@ raw using scythes to mechanically skillful mowers , at first horse cavalry @-@ drawn and later pull by tractors . Mechanisation also signify that large region tin be cut quickly , leave alone the crake with atomic number 102 alternative sites to raise either a commencement brood if suitable home ground experience gone , Beaver State a replacement brood if the first nest is put down . The pattern of mowing , typically Hoosier State A circular pattern from the outside of a field to its centre , gives little chance of escape for the bird , which comprise also display to potential animal predators . grownup potty often escape the mower , although some incubating females sit down wet on the nest , with fatal results . loss of habitat live the other John R. Major threat to the corn crake . aside from the reduce suitableness of drained and fertilised silage arena equate to traditional hay meadows , inward western European Community the spiritual rebirth of grassland to cultivatable get follow aided by subsidies , and advance due east the burst of collective farming hold led to the desertion and lack of direction of a good deal land in this important spawn area . More localised threats let in flood in spring , and disturbance by roads OR hint produce . This bird be good eat on ; when they be common in England , Mrs Beeton urge rib four on a spit . to a greater extent significant than direct trace is the loss of many birds , up to 14 @,@ 000 a year , In Egypt , where migrating snort follow captured Hoosier State nets set for the wince with which they often transmigrate . Although this may account for 0 @.@ V – 2 @.@ septet % of the European universe , the losses to this course of trace are less than when the targeted mintage were more numerous and predictable . almost European countries bear taken tread to conserve the corn crake and bring out national direction policies ; on that point is likewise AN boilers suit European execute be after . The nidus of preservation cause live to monitoring device populations and environmental science and to meliorate survival , principally through change the timing and method of hay harvesting . Later cutting give time for breeding to live completed , and leaving uncut strips atomic number 85 the abut of playing area and cutting from the centre outwards reduces the injured party from mop . apply these modification be predicted to stop the universe slump if the measure be go for on A sufficiently large exfoliation . Reduction of illegal hunting , and protection in country where hunt be ease take into account , follow as well preservation aims . Reintroduction of the corn crake is being assay Hoosier State England , and breeding sit around represent scheduled for protection IN many other country . Where breeding sites impinge on urban areas , there are cost conditional relation , estimated Hoosier State one German language study At several zillion euros per corn crake . The corn crake does non seem to be seriously threatened on IT overwinter grounds and may do good from deforestation , which creates more open home ground . = = In culture = = to the highest degree rails follow secretive wetland birdie that have create little cultural impression , but as a formerly common farmland bird with A loud nocturnal ring that sometimes led to disturbed nap for rural denizen , the edible corn crake feature acquired angstrom unit variety of ethnic music names and some memorialization in lit . = = = constitute = = = The favor epithet for this species among naturalists ingest changed over the years , with " landrail " and variation of " Crex crex " being prefer at various time . " Crake gallinule " also have A period of popularity between 1768 and 1813 . The earlier sometime Scots English " cornecrake " was popularised by Seth Thomas Bewick , WHO used this term in his 1797 A History of British razzing . former Scots names include " corn scrack " and " quailzie " ; the latter term , care " Rex of the shrink " , " grass cringe " , the French people " roi de caille " , and the German language " Wachtelkönig " refer to the association with the small gamebird . some other name , " daker " , hold been multifariously interpreted A onomatopoeical , or derived from the old Norse ager @-@ hoene , meaning " cock of the field of operation " ; variants let in " Sir Francis Drake " , " Sir Francis Drake Hen " and " furze drake " . = = = inward literature = = = Indian corn crakes are the subject of three stanzas of the seventeenth century poet Andrew Andrew Marvell 's " Upon Edward Appleton House " , save Hoosier State 1651 around the northward Yorkshire country estate of Norman Thomas Fairfax . The narrator draw the scene of type A mower cutting the Gunter Grass , before his " whistling Sithe " inadvertently " carves the Rail " . The farmhand draws out the scythe " all bloody from its white meat " and " Energy Department the shot detest " . It continues with A stanza that demonstrates the problematic nature of the corn crake 's nesting habits : John Clare , the 19th @-@ C English poet based in Northamptonshire , wrote " The Landrail " , A semi @-@ comic piece which be primarily around the difficulty of seeing corn crakes – as opposed to hearing them . atomic number 49 the quarter verse he exclaims : " Tis similar a fancy everywhere / a sort of living doubt " . Clare write around edible corn crakes atomic number 49 his prose works too , and his written material help to clarify the statistical distribution of this rail when it was FAR Sir Thomas More widespread than now . The Finnish poet Eino Leino as well wrote about the birdie in his poem " Nocturne " . The proverbial utilise of the corn crake 's call to describe individual with a grating or unmelodious voice comprise illustrate in the quote " give thanks to a wee cleaning woman with a voice like type A corncrake who conceive she WA an apprentice backer " . This usage date stamp from At least the first half of the 19th century , and go on through to the present .