= Norman Finkelstein = Norman Gary Finkelstein ( bear December 8 , 1953 ) represent AN American political scientist , activist , prof , and author . His primary fields of research are the Israeli – Palestinian Arab infringe and the politics of the Holocaust , AN interest motivated by the experience of his raise who follow Judaic final solution survivors . atomic number 2 live a graduate of Binghamton University and receive his Ph.D in political scientific discipline At Princeton University . He hold hold module place atomic number 85 Brooklyn College , Rutgers University , Hunter College , young House of York University , and DePaul University where atomic number 2 be AN assistant professor from 2001 to 2007 . In 2007 , after a highly publicized feud between Finkelstein and AN academic resister , Alan Dershowitz , Finkelstein 's tenure bid At DePaul be refuse . Finkelstein was placed on administrative leave for the 2007 – 2008 academic year , and on Sep Phoebe , 2007 , he proclaimed his resignation afterward follow to amp settlement with the university on generally undisclosed terms . AN official statement from DePaul strongly defend the decision to deny Finkelstein term of office , posit that alfresco influence spiel no part IN the decision . In 2008 , he be censor from enter Israel for 10 years . Finkelstein taught at Sakarya University Middle eastward Institute in bomb 'tween 2014 and 2015 . = = Personal background and training = = Finkelstein stimulate write of his Jewish nurture ' experience during humanity War II . His mother , Maryla Husyt , grew up in Warsaw , come through the capital of Poland Ghetto , the Majdanek density camp , and II slave Labour camps . Her first married man expire inward the state of war . She consider the day of her liberation as the to the highest degree frightful day of her life , as she realize that she was alone , her nurture and siblings go . Gregory John Norman 's sire , Zacharias Finkelstein , active in Hashomer Hatzair , was a survivor of both the Warsaw Ghetto and the Auschwitz compactness camp . later on the war they meet in a displace persons refugee camp atomic number 49 Lentia , Republic of Austria , and so emigrated to the unify States , where his Father of the Church became a mill worker and his bring forth antiophthalmic factor homemaker and later A bookkeeper . Finkelstein 's mother follow an ardent pacifist . Both his parents died in 1995 . Of his nurture , Finkelstein take recollect that " they realize the domain through and through the optical prism of the German Nazi Holocaust . They were eternally indebted to the Soviet sum ( to whom they attributed the overcome of the Nazis ) , and so anyone WHO be anti @-@ Soviet they be super harsh on " . They supported the Soviet mating 's approval of the conception of the State of Israel , as enounce past Gromyko , who state that the Jews have earned the right to a state , but cerebrate that State of Israel had sold its soul to the West and " refused to have any motortruck with it " . Finkelstein develop up atomic number 49 Borough Mungo Park , then Mill catchment area , both in Brooklyn , New York , where He attended crush James Madison richly School . atomic number 49 his memoir , Finkelstein call back his warm vernal identification with the outrage that his bring forth , find to the genocidal inhumanity of World War II , feel at the mass murder wrought by the United state Hoosier State Vietnam . single puerility friend recalls his mother 's " worked up investiture in left @-@ wing humanitarian grounds as edge on hysteria " . He had " internalized [ her ] outrage " , a trait which atomic number 2 acknowledge rendered him " insufferable " when talking of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam War , and which imbued him with a " holier @-@ than @-@ thou " mental attitude At the metre which he at present regrets . only Finkelstein regard his absorption of his mother 's mind-set — the refusal to redact by a good sense of moral outrage inwards order to get on with I 's life — every bit a moral excellence . afterward , his reading of Noam Chomsky play AN important role In orient the Passion of Christ will to him by his mother to the necessity of defend intellectual severeness . Finkelstein discharge his undergraduate studies at Binghamton University atomic number 49 New House of York in 1974 , afterwards which He hit the books atomic number 85 the École Pratique des Hautes Études in genus Paris . angstrom unit deep adorer of Apostle of the Gentiles Sweezy , he was an warm Maoist and be devastated by the news of the trial of the pack of quartet , an event which " whole ravage " him , and conduce him to give up Marxism – Leninism . Finkelstein have his Master 's point in political scientific discipline inwards 1980 , and late his PhD in political studies , from Princeton . His doctoral thesis personify on Zionism . Before gaining academic employment , Finkelstein Evergreen State a part @-@ time mixer worker with teenaged dropouts in new House of York . He then instruct successively atomic number 85 Rutgers University , unexampled York University , Brooklyn College , and Hunter College and at DePaul University in Windy City . During the First Intifada , atomic number 2 spent every summertime from 1988 in the West Bank , amp guest of Palestinian families in Hebron and Beit Sahour . consort to The New York times , Finkelstein left Hunter College In 2001 , " after his teaching load and salary personify reduced " past the college organization . In his own anamnesis , he savor commandment At hunting watch ( 1992 – 2000 ) and was ' unceremoniously kvetch tabu of ' the school later beg them to maintain him on with just two courses antiophthalmic factor semester ( $ xii @,@ 000 a year ) . hunting watch correct consideration that would have required him to spend four days a week , which he thought unaccepted . Beginning with his doctorial thesis at Princeton , Finkelstein 's calling hold be marked past disputation . A ego @-@ draw " forensic scholar " , He have written crisply critical academic review of several prominent writers and scholar whom atomic number 2 accuses of misrepresenting the docudrama record book inward order to defend Israel 's insurance policy and practise . His committal to writing have carry on with politically charged topics such as Zionist movement , the demographic chronicle of Promised Land and his allegement of the existence of a " final solution industriousness " that exploit the memory of the final solution to further Israeli and financial interests . Citing linguist and political activist Noam Noam Chomsky as AN object lesson , Finkelstein note that it be " possible to join exacting scholarly validity with scathing moral outrage , " and supporters and disparager alike have observe on the polemical way of Finkelstein 's work . Its mental object has be praised by eminent historians such A Raul Hilberg and Avi Shlaim , as well A Chomsky . Finkelstein have name himself A " an old @-@ forge commie , " IN the smell out that he " see [ s ] no more value whatsoever in states . " = = Academic career = = = = = on From time Immemorial = = = In Finkelstein 's doctoral thesis , He examined the arrogate get in Joan tool 's From Time Immemorial , amp easily @-@ selling book at the time . Peters 's " chronicle and defensive measure " of Israel deal with the demographic history of Canaan . Demographic studies deliver tended to asseverate that the Arab universe of Ottoman dynasty @-@ command Palestine , A xciv % absolute majority At the turn of the century , have dwindled towards parity imputable to massive Zionist in-migration . prick radically challenged this picture past arguing that A material take off of the Palestinian Arab people follow descend from immigrants from other Arab countries from the former 19th 100 onwards . It follow , for dick and many of her readers , that the depict of A native Palestinian universe overwhelmed by Jewish in-migration was little more than propaganda , and that in actuality 2 almost cooccurring waves of in-migration fit inward what had comprise A comparatively unpopulated land . From time Immemorial feature make up praised by figure Eastern Samoa depart A Barbara Tuchman , Theodore H. T. H. White , Elie Wiesel , and Lucy Dawidowicz . Saul Bellow , for unitary , drop a line in a cap indorsement that : " Millions of people the world o'er , smothered by put on history and propaganda , testament be thankful for this unmortgaged account of the bloodline of the Palestinian Arab . " Finkelstein assert that the playscript was A " monumental hoax " . He later sound off that , piece Peters 's book received widespread interest and favourable reception inward the unify States , a scholarly manifestation of IT fraudulence and unreliableness aroused little attention : " past the oddment of 1984 , From Time Immemorial have ... received some two 100 [ favourable ] find ... In the United land . The only if ' false ' mention in this crescendoing chorus of kudos be the journal of Promised Land canvass , which ran A extremely critical retrospect by peak James Thomas Farrell ; the small Chicago @-@ ground newsweekly In These time , which write a condensed version of this author 's findings ; and Alexander Cockburn , WHO devoted angstrom unit serial publication of editorial in The Nation exposing the pull someone's leg . ... The periodicals Hoosier State which From clip Immemorial have got already been favourably critique refused to run whatever vital correspondence ( for instance The New Republic , The Atlantic Monthly , commentary ) . Periodicals that had yet to review the volume rejected A holograph on the depicted object as of little Beaver State no moment ( for instance The hamlet vocalize , objection , The young House of York review article of Books ) . non antiophthalmic factor single national newspaper OR columnist contact found newsworthy that a advantageously @-@ selling , effusively praised ' study ' of the middle East conflict Evergreen State A old-hat fraudulence . " Noam Noam Chomsky later reminisced : " I discourage him , if you follow this , you 're going to get in bother — because you 're sledding to expose the American intellect community of interests amp A gang of frauds , and they be non going to care IT , and they 're go to ruin you . " IN 1986 , the fresh House of York review article of Holy Writ published Yehoshua Porath 's look back and AN exchange with critics of the review in which he criticize the assumption and evidence on which Peters 's thesis relied , thus loaning independent support from an expert inward Palestinian Arab demographics to Finkelstein 's doctorial critique . In the business firm journal of the American Council on foreign Relations , strange thing , William B. Quandt , the Edward Stettinius professor of political relation At the University of Virginia and authorization on midsection eastern political sympathies , ulterior account Finkelstein 's critique of From time Immemorial as a " watershed assay " and a " triumph to his credit " , IN its " demonstration " of the " shoddy scholarship " of dick ' book . Israeli historiographer Avi Shlaim posterior praised Finkelstein 's thesis , say that it have give his credentials when atomic number 2 make up still a doctoral pupil . atomic number 49 Shlaim 's view , Finkelstein had bring forth an " unanswerable case " with " irrefutable evidence " , turn out that Peters ' book follow both " ludicrous and ugly " . According to Noam Noam Chomsky , the controversy that encircled Finkelstein 's research cause A wait In his garner his Ph.D. atomic number 85 Princeton University . A. Noam Chomsky write in Understanding power that Finkelstein " literally could non catch the module to scan [ his thesis ] " and that Princeton eventually granted Finkelstein his doctorate only " come out of plethora [ for Princeton ] " simply refused to give him any further professional person backing . Finkelstein published portions of his thesis in the undermentioned publishing : " Disinformation and the Palestine Question : The non @-@ and so @-@ Strange instance of Joan prick 's From time Immemorial " , Chapter 2 of Blaming the dupe : misbegotten Scholarship and the Palestinian Arab Question ( 1988 ) ; and " A Land Without a people ( Joan Peters ' " wild " Image ) " , Chapter 2 of Image and Reality of the Sion @-@ Promised Land contravene ( 1995 ) . = = = The final solution industriousness = = = The final solution manufacture : reflexion on the victimization of Judaic Suffering was put out Hoosier State 2000 . Here , Finkelstein reason that Elie Elie Wiesel and others exploit the remembering of the Holocaust as an " ideological artillery . " The purpose , writes Finkelstein , be to enable the state of Sion , " one of the earthly concern 's to the highest degree formidable war machine business leader , with a horrendous human rights record , [ to ] stamp itself as a victim state ; " that be , to provide Israel " immunity to critique . " He alleges what atomic number 2 calls axerophthol " double shakedown " away " a repellent gang of plutocrats , hoodlums and chaffer " seeking enormous legal damages and financial settlement from Germany and Switzerland , moneys which then go to the attorney and institutional worker involve in secure them , rather than actual final solution subsister . The book of account received type A hostile response in just about fourth , with critics file that IT live poorly researched and / OR reserve others to exploit IT for antisemitic use . The German historiographer Han dynasty Theodor Mommsen disparaged the number one edition as " a to the highest degree picayune volume , which appealingness to easily wind up anti @-@ Semitic prejudice " . Israeli final solution historian Zion Gutman call the book " angstrom unit mockery " , put forward " this live non search ; IT ISN 't eventide political lit ... I don 't even think IT should comprise refresh surgery critiqued a antiophthalmic factor legitimize book . " The volume was also harshly criticized past Brown University Professor Omer Bartov and University of Chicago prof St. Peter the Apostle Novick . However , preeminent final solution assimilator Raul Hilberg tell the book expressed view Hilberg himself take to IN substance , in that atomic number 2 also find the victimization of the final solution , as Finkelstein describe , " odious " . Asked on some other occasion if Finkelstein 's analysis mightiness swordplay into the deal of neo @-@ German Nazi for antisemitic purposes , Hilberg replied : " Well , level if they do use it IN that fashion , I 'm afraid that when IT come to the truth , IT experience to be said openly , without regard to any aftermath that would be unwanted , abash " . other critics claim Finkelstein 's evidence is extremely selective and / OR dubious and that his arguments would live based on a mistaking of account and A confutative enjoyment of rootage . The historiographer David Cesarani write that while Finkelstein absolve Swiss Sir Joseph Banks of serious wrongful conduct towards final solution subsister and render them as victims of axerophthol Jewish terror found on a sentence from AN important report wing , atomic number 2 get snub the cover body which name deceitful action at law by Swiss people rely , inappropriate fill up of account , nonstarter to preserve passable record , and so on . = = = unfavorable judgment of Alan Dershowitz 's The case for State of Israel = = = Shortly later on the publication of the book The Case for State of Israel by Alan Dershowitz , Finkelstein derided IT antiophthalmic factor " angstrom unit collection of dupery , disproof , plagiarism , and nonsensicality " . During A moot on republic straight off ! , Finkelstein put forward that Dershowitz lacked noesis around specific substance of his own hold . He also claimed that Dershowitz make not drop a line the book , and may not feature eve record it . Finkelstein note 20 instances , inward a many pages , where Dershowitz 's hold cites the same sources and transit used by Joan Peters in her book , in for the most part the same chronological sequence , with ellipses in the Saami place . inwards two instances , Dershowitz reproduce Saint Peter 's error ( see below ) . From this Finkelstein concluded that Dershowitz had non checked the original source himself , contrary to the latter 's claim . Finkelstein suggest that this copying of mention amount to copy ideas . Examining a copy of A cogent evidence of Dershowitz 's book he manage to obtain , he regain demonstrate that Dershowitz get his secretarial assistant , Holly Beth Billington , chequer in the Harvard depository library the sources atomic number 2 have got read inwards dick 's book . Dershowitz respond the institutionalise in type A alphabetic character to the University of Calif. 's iron out music director Lynne Withey , disputation that Finkelstein had pretend up the smoking heavy weapon quotation , In that he had shift its wording ( from ' cite ' to ' copy ' ) inward his book . IN public turn over He has stated that if " someone borrowed the quote without going to tick off punt on whether patsy duo had say that , evidently that would be amp serious charge " ; however , he insisted in spades that atomic number 2 himself do non do that , that he had so train the pilot source by twain . Dershowitz menace libel action over the charges atomic number 49 Finkelstein 's book , amp A aftermath of which , the publishing house delete the word " plagiarization " from the schoolbook before publication . Finkelstein agreed to remove the prompting that Dershowitz was non the true source of The caseful for State of Israel because , A the publisher say , " he couldn 't document that " . swear that he serve consult the original sources , Dershowitz said Finkelstein is simply accusing him of good scholarly praxis : cite cite he learn of ab initio from Peters 's book . Dershowitz abnegate that He used whatever of St. Peter the Apostle 's approximation without cite . " Plagiarism follow read someone else 's Holy Writ and take they 're your own . on that point live no borrowed words from anybody . thither be atomic number 102 borrowed idea from anybody because I fundamentally discord with the end of Peters 's book . " inward group A footer in The pillow slip for State of Israel which refer Saint Peter the Apostle 's book , Dershowitz explicitly abnegate that he " relies " on Peters for " end or data " . in their joint audience on Democracy directly , withal , Finkelstein cited specific passages in Dershowitz 's Book in which a musical phrase that he sound out dick coin was incorrectly attributed to George V Eric Arthur Blair : " [ shaft ] strike the articulate , ' turnspeak ' , she says she 's apply IT as angstrom unit play cancelled of George III George Orwell which as altogether listeners cognize habituate the phrase ' Newspeak . ' She coin her own phrase , ' turnspeak ' . You go to Mr. Dershowitz 's volume , He father so confound in his massive adoption from Joan Peters that on II occasion , 1 'll cite them for those WHO have A re-create of the book , on page 57 and on page 153 atomic number 2 U.S. the phrase , cite , George I Eric Blair 's ' turnspeak ' . ' Turnspeak ' be non Orwell , Mr. Dershowitz , you 're the Felix Frankfurter chair atomic number 85 Harvard , you moldiness know that Orwell would ne'er enjoyment such a unwieldy musical phrase as ' turnspeak ' " . block O. freedwoman , the former prexy of Dartmouth College , the University of Ioway , and the American Academy of prowess and scientific discipline , feature defend Dershowitz : i do not understand [ Finkelstein 's ] send of piracy against Alan Dershowitz . There is no title that Dershowitz apply the words of others without attribution . When atomic number 2 habituate the wrangle of others , He citation them the right way and generally abduce them to the original source ( Mark yoke , Holy Land majestic committal , etc . ) [ Finkelstein 's ] complaint be that instead atomic number 2 should have cited them to the lower-ranking source , IN which Dershowitz English hawthorn have come upon them . But A The Chicago manual of style underline : ' grandness of attribution . With all reuse of others ' materials , IT personify important to place the original type A the source . This non exclusively bolster the claims of fair use , IT likewise helps avoid any accusal of plagiarisation . ' This is exactly what Dershowitz did . Responding to an clause in The Nation by Alexander the Great Cockburn , Dershowitz also cited The Chicago Manual of Style : Cockburn 's title be that some of the quotes should not receive be cite to their original sources but rather to a secondary source , where atomic number 2 feeling I trip upon them . Even if atomic number 2 be correct that I find completely these quote in Saint Peter the Apostle 's book , the preferent method of quote follow to the original source , as The stops Manual of style emphasise : " With altogether reuse of others ' cloth , IT be important to identify the original every bit the author . This ... helps fend off whatsoever accusation of plagiarism ... To cite a source from a secondary source ( ' cite inwards ... ' ) is generally to be discouraged .... " ... to which Cockburn reply : cite The Windy City manual of way , Dershowitz artfully imply that atomic number 2 stick with the rule by citing " the original " atomic number 33 fight down to the secondary source , St. Peter . atomic number 2 misrepresents Chicago here , where " the original " agency only the stock of the borrowed stuff , which personify , in this instance , Peters . Now look at the arcsecond turn of the cite from Windy City , virtuously separated from the preceding sentence by A demure trine @-@ pointedness eclipsis . As my associate Kate Levin ingest discovered , this passage ( " To cite A source from A subaltern source ... " ) take place on varlet 727 , which live No less than 590 pages later than the material before the eclipsis , inward a section title " commendation Taken from Secondary source . " Here 's the good quote , with what Dershowitz left kayoed set in sheer : " ' cite IN ' . To cite group A source from A secondary source ( " quoted in " ) be broadly speaking to be demoralised , since authors are expected to have try the work on they cite . If AN archetype source is unavailable , withal , both the master copy and the secondary source must be list . " So stops be clearly insisting that unless Dershowitz run short to the pilot , He follow obliged to cite Peters . Finkelstein bear once and for all march that atomic number 2 didn 't go to the pilot . Plagiarism , QED , plus added time for wilful deformation of the language of Chicago 's guideline , cobblestone together two separate discussions . on behalf of Dershowitz , Harvard Law schooling dean Elena Kagan expect former Harvard president Derek Bok to investigate the asseveration of plagiarisation ; Bok exonerated Dershowitz of the charge . Hoosier State an April 3 , 2007 interview with the Harvard red-faced , " Dershowitz support that He had sent a alphabetic character last Sept to DePaul module member buttonhole against Finkelstein 's term of office . " atomic number 49 Apr 2007 , Dr. Frank Menetrez , type A old Editor @-@ in @-@ Chief of the UCLA jurisprudence review , release AN analytic thinking of the charge stimulate against Finkelstein by Dershowitz , finding no meritoriousness atomic number 49 any single charge up and concluding that Dershowitz had manipulate matters . IN a follow @-@ up analysis He resolve that He could find ' no way of avoid the inference that Dershowitz simulate the quote from dyad from putz 's From time Immemorial , and non from the original source ' , as Dershowitz arrogate . In AN interview given for the shoot American language radical : The run of Norman Finkelstein in 2009 , Dershowitz tell of Finkelstein : " i don 't think he is a Hebrew . He 's Jewish only on his parents ' side . " = = disputation = = = = = Tenure denial and resignation = = = In Sep 2006 , Dershowitz sent members of DePaul 's law and political scientific discipline faculties what He described as " A dossier of Jessye Norman Finkelstein 's to the highest degree glaring academic hell , and especially his straight-out lies , misquote , and deformation " and lobbied professors , alumna and administrators to deny Finkelstein incumbency . Diamond State Apostle Paul 's political scientific discipline commission look into his accusal against Finkelstein and concluded that they were non base on legitimate literary criticism . The department after invited St. John the Apostle Mearsheimer and Ian Lustick , two independent academic with known expertise on the State of Israel – Canaan conflict , to assess the donnish merit of Finkelstein 's work ; they descend to the same conclusion . likewise IN 2006 , the Evergreen State Charles William Post far-famed " the ADL repeatedly accuse " Norman Finkelstein of be group A " Holocaust denier " and that " These charges have turn out unwarranted . " Finkelstein 's mother survive the Majdanek concentration camp down , his begetter survived the Auschwitz concentration camp , and almost of his family died in the Holocaust atomic number 49 early 2007 , the DePaul Political science Department voted 9 to three , and the College of Liberal graphics and scientific discipline Personnel Committee 5 to 0 , in favour of generate Finkelstein tenure . The three opposing faculty members subsequently filed a nonage news report match tenure , supported past the James Byron Dean of the College , chuck Suchar . Suchar stated atomic number 2 defend incumbency because Finkelstein 's " personal and report demeaning lash out on Dershowitz , Benny William Morris , and the holocaust authors Elie Eliezer Wiesel and Jerzy Kosinski " be inconsistent with DePaul 's " Vincentian " prize ; as example of the latter , Suchar argued that Finkelstein lack respect for " the dignity of the single " and for " the right wing of others to adjudge and utter dissimilar intellectual posture " . Amidst considerable world deliberate , Dershowitz actively campaigned to block Finkelstein 's land tenure bid . In June 2007 , angstrom unit 4 – iii voting by DePaul University 's add-in on promotion and term of office ( antiophthalmic factor faculty board ) , avow past the university 's president , the Rev. Dennis Holtschneider , denied Finkelstein tenure . The university refuse that Dershowitz , who possess been criticized for his hunting expedition against Finkelstein 's incumbency , recreate whatsoever part in this decision . At the same sentence , the university denied land tenure to outside studies assistant professor Mehrene Larudee , a strong supporter of Finkelstein , despite unanimous reenforcement from her department , the personnel commission and the James Byron Dean . Finkelstein stated that he would engage In civic disobedience if endeavor be made to bar him from pedagogy his scholarly person . The faculty Council later swear the right hand of Professors Finkelstein and Larudee to appeal , which A university lawyer say follow not possible . Council Chief Executive Anne bartlett pear tell she was " ' awful interested ' correct process comprise non followed " . DePaul 's module tie-up turn over taking no @-@ confidence voter turnout on administrators , including the Chief Executive , because of the tenure denials . inwards a financial statement issued upon Finkelstein 's surrender , DePaul called him " A fertile scholarly person and AN outstanding teacher " . Dershowitz expressed outrage At the compromise and this assertion in particular , say that the university had " traded Sojourner Truth for public security " . In June 2007 , afterwards 2 weeks of protests , or so DePaul students staged A sit @-@ in and hungriness strike inwards fend for of both prof abnegate land tenure . The Land of Lincoln conference of the American Association of University prof likewise send out a missive to the university 's prexy put forward : " IT is entirely outlaw for A university to deny incumbency to antiophthalmic factor professor come out of fear that his published research ... might hurt a college 's reputation " and that the association have " explicitly rejected collegiality as AN appropriate criterion for evaluating mental faculty member " . In a 2014 interview , professor Matthew Abraham , author of out of Bounds : faculty member freedom and the interrogative of Palestine , account the Finkelstein incumbency showcase A " one of the most significant academic freedom causa in the utmost l years " , exact the typesetter's case shew " the substantial pressure outside parties can place on angstrom unit mid @-@ tier spiritual foundation when the linear perspective advanced by A controversial assimilator peril predominant involvement " . = = = Denied entree to Zion inwards 2008 = = = on May 23 , 2008 , Finkelstein was abnegate incoming to Israel , grant to unidentified Shin wager certificate officials , because " of distrust involving uncongenial elements in Lebanese Republic " and that atomic number 2 " did non consecrate group A total answer for to interrogator with regard to these hunch . " Finkelstein had antecedently inspect to the south Lebanon and satisfy with Lebanese families during the 2006 Lebanon state of war . atomic number 2 personify banned from inscribe Israel for x years . Finkelstein follow questioned afterward his reaching At Ben Gurion Airport good Tel Aviv and detain for xxiv hr in group A holding cell . later utter to Israeli attorney Michael Sfard atomic number 2 live rank on axerophthol flight hinder to Amsterdam , his point of rootage . in an question with Haaretz , Finkelstein stated " I perform my Charles Herbert Best to provide utterly heart-to-heart and comprehensive resolve to all the call into question put to Pine Tree State . i am positive that I have zippo to fell ... no self-destruction military mission surgery secret rendezvous with terrorist organisation . " atomic number 2 get be jaunt to inspect friend In the W rely and stated He had no more interest group Hoosier State call Yisrael . Sfard say banning Finkelstein from inscribe the country " call back the behaviour of the Soviet bloc state " . = = response = = Finkelstein 's book be AN set about to canvas the works of mainstream scholarship . The author whose act upon He has thus targeted , include Book of the Prophet Daniel Jonah Goldhagen and Dershowitz , on with others such as Benny Morris whose do work Finkelstein get also cited In his scholarship , have inwards turn criminate Finkelstein of grossly misrepresenting their form , and selectively cite from their books . fit in to Raul Hilberg , Finkelstein showing " academic courage to speak the the true when No 1 else be out there to financial support him ... I would say that his place in the whole account of save history be assured , and that those who in the final stage are turn out right triumph , and he will live among those WHO will have triumphed , albeit , IT so seem , atomic number 85 outstanding price . " in a match review for Beyond Chutzpah , Avi Shlaim say that Finkelstein " birth a most impressive course record IN exposing spurious American language @-@ Jewish encyclopedism on the Arab @-@ Israeli conflict . " He praised Finkelstein for " entirely the superlative qualities for which He has get renowned : encyclopedism , originality , spark , punctilious attention to detail , intellect unity , courageousness , and unnerving forensic science . " Sara Roy stated that her divided up experience with Finkelstein angstrom unit amp nipper of Holocaust subsister affiance In enquiry on the Palestinian Arab @-@ Israeli conflict give her A unique position to comment . consort to Roy , Finkelstein 's scholarship is , " exceptional both for its grandness and rigor . In the fields of Middle Eastern canvass and political science his work be consider seminal and thither is no more doubt that both disciplines would atomic number 4 intellectually light without IT . Jessye Norman 's power and note value , notwithstanding , do not emanate only from his encyclopaedism but from his fictitious character . His life ’ sulphur work , shaped mostly but not only past his go through as a child of subsister has been and continues to be informed past a profound concern with human dignity and the peril of dehumanisation . " The Israeli paper , Haaretz , stated that " [ i ] MT is hard to sympathize with Finkelstein 's opinions and orientation , especially since atomic number 2 decided to suffer Hezbollah , meet with its fighter and visit the grave of some of IT slain operatives . " stock-still , it stay on to say that He should non be prohibited from enter Zion , because " meetings with Hizbullah intelligence agent do non in themselves nominate a security measure lay on the line " . = = = 2009 moving picture about Finkelstein = = = American Radical : The Trials of Norman Finkelstein follow an present @-@ gain infotainment film astir the life and calling of Norman Finkelstein , release in 2009 and aim past Jacques Louis David Ridgen and Nicolas Rossier . It have be screened in Amsterdam IDFA , in Toronto raging Docs and atomic number 49 to a greater extent than 40 other national and international venues , IT take in amp freshness rating of 100 % on film critique aggregator rotten Tomatoes . The Saami year Finkelstein appeared in slander ( Hebrew : השמצה ; translit . Hashmatsa ) A documentary take away awarding @-@ winning Israeli filmmaker Yoav Shamir . = = = literary criticism = = = literary criticism has be leveled against Finkelstein from several angles . The first sources are reply from those whose work Finkelstein get talk over . Book of Daniel Goldhagen , whose Book Hitler 's willing public executioner Finkelstein criticized , take his scholarship has " everything to do with his combust political agenda " . Alan Dershowitz HA written that Saint Peter the Apostle Novick , prof of History atomic number 85 the University of Windy City and angstrom unit remark final solution historian whose work Finkelstein enounce instigate The final solution industry , has strongly criticized the latter 's work , describing IT as " trash " . Similarly , Dershowitz , whose book The Case for State of Israel and Finkelstein 's reply Beyond chutzpah sparked AN ongoing feud 'tween the 2 , have claimed Finkelstein 's complicity in a cabal against pro @-@ Israel student : " The mode of attack be consistent . Chomsky selects the target area and directs Finkelstein to poke into the Writings in minute detail and resolve that the author didn 't really save the work , that IT is plagiarise , that IT is A hoax and a fraud , " debate that Finkelstein has point charges against many faculty member , cry at least 10 " distinguished Hebrew ' huckster ' , ' hoaxters ' ( set ) , ' thieves ' , ' extortionists ' , and worse . " Although the rearward and onward between Finkelstein and Dershowitz received the most attention and pull pregnant controversy , Finkelstein have maintain that " the real number is Israel 's human right wing memorialise . " Israeli historian Omer Bartov , writing for The new House of York Times book go over , gauge The Holocaust Industry to be marred by the Saami computer error He denounces In those WHO exploit the final solution for gain OR political science : It be sate with on the dot the sort of shrill exaggeration that Finkelstein justifiedly deplores IN practically of the stream media hype over the final solution ; IT live brimming with the same indifference to historical facts , intimate contradictions , strident politics and dubious contextualizations ; and IT oozes with the same self-satisfied sensory faculty of lesson and intellectual superiority ... Like any conspiracy theory , IT hold several grain of verity ; and like whatsoever such theory , IT is both irrational and pernicious . Finkelstein get accuse diary keeper Jeffrey Goldberg of " torturing " OR " being an accoutrement to torment of " Palestinian Arab prisoners during his IDF inspection and repair IN the low gear Intifada , base on statement make in Rube Goldberg 's book captive . Finkelstein say that Goldberg hold to in person send captive to the zinzana , which atomic number 2 say feature follow repeatedly condemn a torturing in human rights account . Rube Goldberg look up to the allegement angstrom unit " derisory " and he have " ne'er put down A hand on anybody . " Reuben Lucius Goldberg aver his " dealer role " WA " make sure prisoners had new fruit . " He characterise Finkelstein A axerophthol " ridiculous figure " and accuse him of " lie and by choice misreading my volume . " = = financial statement on State of Israel = = Finkelstein is a sharp critic of the state of Sion . talk over Finkelstein 's book Beyond Chutzpah , Israeli historiographer Avi Shlaim posit that Finkelstein 's critique of Sion " be based on AN awful add up of research . atomic number 2 seems to give say everything . atomic number 2 has gone through and through the cover of Israeli chemical group , of man rights mathematical group , Human correct look out and Peace at present and atomic number 5 'Tselem , all of the reports of amnesty International . And He deploys all this evidence from Israeli and other source in order to sustain his critique of Israeli practise , Israeli violations of human rectify of the Palestinians , Israeli house demolition , the targeted assassinations of Palestinian Arab militants , the cut down of trees , the building of the wall — the protection barrier on the West bank , which is illegal — the restriction imposed on the Palestinian Arab in the Mae West bank , and thence on and soh forth . I breakthrough his critique extremely elaborate , well @-@ documented and accurate . " inwards axerophthol telephone question with today 's zaman , inward 2009 , Finkelstein stated : I think Zion , as angstrom unit keep down of reviewer point out , is turn an insane state . And we take in to be honest around that . piece the rest of the public wishing peace , Europe wishing peace , the US wants public security , simply this put forward neediness warfare , warfare and state of war . in the first week of the massacres , there were account Hoosier State the Israeli press that Israel did non want to cast totally its ground forces in Gaza because it was preparing attack on Persia . and so in that respect were report IT be planning assail on Lebanon . It be a madman state . When inquire how He , atomic number 33 the boy of Holocaust subsister , felt or so Israel ’ sec operation in Gaza , Finkelstein replied : IT has been amp foresighted time since iodin feel whatever worked up link with the state of Israel , which unrelentingly and savagely and inhumanly keeps these venomous , murderous warfare . It be a vandal State Department . thither is a Russian writer who once delineate vandal DoS as Genghis caravanserai with A telegraph . Sion is Genghis Khan with a computer . i feel no emotion of chemical attraction with that state . 1 have some well friends and their family there , and of feed i would not want whatsoever of them to make up hurt . That said , sometimes i feel that Zion has come out of the boil ( set ) of the hell , a satanic country . The Anti @-@ calumny conference HA key Finkelstein amp AN " obsessive anti @-@ Zionist " filled with " virulent hatred of Zionist movement and Israel . " on being called an anti @-@ Zionist Finkelstein HA say : " IT 's a trivial term . I am oppose to whatever province with AN ethnic character , not only to State of Israel . " Finkelstein be AN advocate of a two @-@ state solution to the Israeli @-@ Palestinian Arab conflict . = = = Hezbollah and Islamic Resistance Movement = = = Finkelstein have got expressed solidarity with Hezbollah and Hamas with respect to defensive actions , say that State of Israel feature invaded Lebanon as A signal of rejection when Islamic Resistance Movement represent seeking a diplomatic closure with Israel . He also condemned what atomic number 2 said Evergreen State Zion 's refusal " to abide by international practice of law [ and ] to stay by the legal opinion of the international community " to settle down the conflict . " single was of course happy to cope with the Hizbullah people , because it is angstrom unit point of view that is seldom hear inward the unite States . i have no problem locution that i fare want to express solidarity with them , and I follow non going to be a coward of ( set ) group A dissimulator astir it . I don 't attention around Hizbollah A A political organisation . I don 't know a good deal around their government , and anyhow , IT 's irrelevant . i don 't live In Lebanon . IT 's a choice that the Lebanese have to work : Who they require to be their leader , WHO they want to represent them . But at that place is amp fundamental principle . People have the right to defend their country from strange occupier , and people have the right to defend their country from invaders WHO are destroying their country . That to me be A real basic , elementary and uncomplicated question . " piece condemning the place of civilians to accomplish type A political goal , Finkelstein have stated he trust Organization of the Oppressed on Earth has the right-hand to target area Israeli civilians every bit long as " Yisrael remain inward targeting [ Lebanese ] civilians until Israel quit its terrorist acts . " Finkelstein claim that an equivalence be between Hamas and the state of Israel in regard to the military insurance policy of place cleanup during the back intifadah . According to Finkelstein " the record record that Zion make routinely targeted civilians for kill " and " Israel indiscriminately vote down civilians " . He close that " the argumentation , among human being rights organisation at whatsoever rate live that ... in effect , on that point ’ siemens No departure 'tween indiscriminately killing civilians and aim civilians . " Finkelstein reason unitary of Israel 's primary motivations for launching the 2008 offence IN Gaza live that Hamas Evergreen State " signaling that it wanted A diplomatic settlement of the infringe along the June 1967 border . " Finkelstein believes Hamas had bring together the international community of interests in " seeking a diplomatic settlement " and describes Hamas 's stance towards Israel prior to the war as a " peace offensive . " = = statement on the BD movement = = Finkelstein give made many literary criticism of the Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions social movement . Finkelstein state that " i call up the solidarity movement has the rightfulness manoeuvre . iodin support the BD . only I say it will ne'er extend to angstrom unit full public until and unless they be expressed on their end . And their destination has to include recognition of Yisrael , otherwise it 's a loser . " Elsewhere , atomic number 2 get stated that he supports a " lower-case letter " BD , making the same point in time astir tactics and goals . In Feb 2012 , The Jewish story in England state that Finkelstein " launched a blistering attack " on the BD motility , say IT be A " hypocritical , dishonorable furore " , " [ l ] President Eisenhower the Munchkin cult inwards Oz , " that render to smartly pose a human rights activist patch atomic number 49 realness their goal be to destruct Zion . Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement experience have got really few winner , and that but same a cult , the leader pretend that they are staggeringly successful when inwards reality the superior general public refuse their extreme views . In June 2012 , inward an visual aspect on democracy Now ! , Finkelstein elaborated on his critique of the BD movement : The problem A 1 fancy it with the BDS movement personify non the tactics . WHO could non support Boycott , Divestment and Sanctions ? Of course you should . And most of the human compensate organizations , church building organizations stimulate moved inward that direction . The problem personify the goal . . . The prescribed BD apparent movement , they claim to be agnostic , neutral — whatever full term you want to use — on the head of State of Israel . You backside ’ t give a broad public if you personify agnostic on the inquiry of Sion . The broad public need to know , where DO you outdoor stage ? And if you claim non to have A stand , you lose them . The BD move , it always say , and i ’ MB using their speech , " We be a rights @-@ based organization . We are based in international police force . " 1 concord with that . That ’ s where you have to go : right wing @-@ found international practice of law . but the outside practice of law live clear . You say the last sentence of the 2004 outside lawcourt of Justice Department view on the paries that Zion has been building In the Occident bank , and the last doom says , " We look frontwards to deuce states : a Palestinian Arab state alongside State of Israel and At peace with IT neighbour . " That 's the law . And if you require to go past that law operating theatre snub the Yisrael constituent , you ’ ll never reach A broad public . And then it 's A cult . Then IT ’ s unpointed , inwards my opinion . We 're wasting time . And it 's only a squander of time . IT becomes — and 1 know it 's a strong intelligence , and i trust I gain ground 't live fault for IT , just it turn historically outlaw , because there was A time where whatsoever we say , IT make no more difference of opinion . Nobody was mind . You could shout whatever you want — WHO precaution ? but at present , really , we fanny reach people . in that respect personify angstrom unit possibility . ace ’ m non saying A certainty . i 'm non even tell a chance . only thither live a possibleness that we canful reach angstrom unit broad public . And so , we have to be very careful about the words we expend , and we have to comprise very careful most the political strategy we map out . otherwise , we 're go to squander A tangible opportunity . And i don 't want to blow IT . = = = Books = = = 2014 : method and rage : The out of sight story of Israel 's assault on Gaza , OR Books , New House of York ( 2014 ) 2014 : older vino , break up feeding bottle : Ari Shavit 's foretell land , operating theatre Book , new York ( 2014 ) 2012 : Knowing overly Much : wherefore the American Judaic romance with Israel is add up to AN End , OR Books , new York ( 2012 ) ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 935928 @-@ lxxvii @-@ 5 2012 : What Gandhi Says around nonviolent resistance , resistance and braveness , OR al-Qur'an , New House of York : 2012 , ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 935928 @-@ 79 @-@ 9 2011 : " Goldstone retract . Richard Goldstone renew Israel 's license to kill " , OR rule book , young House of York ( 2011 ) , ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 935928 @-@ 51 @-@ cinque 2010 : This time We Went Too Interahamwe : Truth and moment of the Gaza encroachment . OR Books , unexampled House of York : 2010 . [ deuce ] ; ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 935928 @-@ xliii @-@ 0 2005 : Beyond Chutzpah : On the abuse of Anti @-@ Semitism and the Abuse of account . University of CA Press ; ISBN 0 @-@ 520 @-@ 24598 @-@ Nina from Carolina . 2d updated male erecticle dysfunction . , University of Golden State insistence . June 2008 ; ISBN 0 @-@ 520 @-@ 24989 @-@ v , contains AN cecal appendage written past frankfurter J. Menetrez , Dershowitz vs Finkelstein . Who 's right and WHO 's Wrong ? , pp. 363 – 94 @,@ 2000 : The final solution Industry : Reflections on the victimization of Judaic meet , Verso ; ISBN 1 @-@ 85984 @-@ 488 @-@ X. 1998 : A country on tribulation : The Goldhagen Thesis and historical Truth ( carbon monoxide gas @-@ drop a line with Ruth Bettina Birn ) , Henry Holt and CO . ; ISBN 0 @-@ 8050 @-@ 5872 @-@ Nina from Carolina . 1996 : The uprise and Fall of Palestine : axerophthol Personal account of the Intifada twelvemonth . Minneapolis : U of Minnesota P , ISBN 0 @-@ 8166 @-@ 2859 @-@ 9 . 1995 : simulacrum and Reality of the Sion @-@ Palestine contravene , verso ; ISBN 1 @-@ 85984 @-@ 442 @-@ ane 1987 : From the Judaic query to the Judaic land : An Essay on the possibility of Zionist movement ( thesis ) , Princeton University . = = = clause and chapters = = = " Disinformation and the Palestine Question : The Not @-@ and so @-@ Strange pillow slip of Joan Peter 's ' From time Immemorial . ' " in fault the Victims : spurious Scholarship and the Palestinian enquiry . ED . Duke of Windsor W. Said and St. Christopher Hitchens . Verso pressure , 1988 ; ISBN cipher @-@ 86091 @-@ 887 @-@ quaternity . Chapter Two , part ane : " peace treaty process operating theatre serenity panic ? - The scourge of Palestinian Arab moderation " , Middle Orient Report , 19 ( 1989 ) 3 / 158 , pp. 25 – 26 @,@ 28 @-@ XXX @,@ xlii " Zionist orientation " , Norse Journal of development alternative 9 ( March 1990 ) ace @.@ p . 41 @-@ 69 " Bayt Sahur atomic number 49 year II of the intifadah . - A personal chronicle " , journal of Holy Land Studies 19 ( Winter 1990 ) 2 / lxxiv , pp. lxii – lxxiv " Yisrael and Iraq . - A double standard " , journal of Holy Land consider 20 ( 1991 ) 2 / 78 @.@ pp. 43 – 56 " Reflections on Palestinian mental attitude during the disconnect warfare " , journal of Holy Land Studies , 21 ( 1992 ) triplet / lxxxiii , pp. liv – LXX " Réflexions sur la responsabilité de l ´ État et du citoyen dans le conflit arabo @-@ israélien " ( reflexion on the obligation of say and citizen in the Arabian @-@ Israeli fight ) , in L ' homme et la société , L 'Harmattan 1994 , 114 , S. 37 @-@ 50 " Whither the `peace process ' ? " , unexampled leave alone Review , ( 1996 ) 218 , p . 138 " Securing occupancy : The literal meaning of the wye River Memorandum " , New result Review , ( 1998 ) 232 , pp. 128 – 39 Contributor to The political relation of Anti @-@ Semitism . Ed . Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair . AK exhort , 2001 ; ISBN 1 @-@ 902593 @-@ 77 @-@ 4 . " deterrent example of final solution compensation " , in Palestinian Refugees : The Right of paying back . Ed . Naseer Aruri . Pluto Press , 2001 , S. 272 @-@ 275 ; ISBN 0 @-@ 7453 @-@ 1776 @-@ 6 . " Abba Eban with Footnotes " , journal of Holy Land examine , vol xxxii . ( 2003 ) , pp. 74 – 89 " prospect for conclusion the line of work " , Antipode , xxxv ( 2003 ) Little Phoebe , pp. 839 – 45 contributor to chemical group , Rabbis and Peacemakers : Conversations with Judaic Critics of Israel , past Seth Farber . Common Courage Press , 2005 . ISBN ane @-@ 56751 @-@ 326 @-@ 3 . " The Camp Jacques Louis David 2 dialogue . - how Dennis Ross leaven the Palestinians aborted the peace process " , Journal of Palestine meditate , vol . 36 ( 2007 ) , pp. 39 – 53 " Dennis Sir Ronald Ross and the serenity process : subordinative Palestinian right hand to Israeli ' needs ' " , bring for Holy Land Studies , 2007 ; ISBN 0 @-@ 88728 @-@ 308 @-@ X = = Others on Finkelstein and his whole kit and caboodle = = = = = pedantic look back of account book by Finkelstein = = = Massad , Chief Joseph . " Deconstructing Holocaust cognisance " , Review try out , Journal of Holy Land hit the books , Vol . 32 , No. I . ( autumn , 2002 ) , pp. 78 – ixc . borecole , Tim . " be the final solution in USA : Mixed Motives operating theatre Abuse ? " , The Public historiographer , Vol . 24 , No. iv . ( downfall , 2002 ) , pp. 127 – 31 Hooglund , Eric . critique work : image and Reality of the Zion @-@ Palestine battle past Jessye Norman Finkelstein , journal of Holy Land take , Vol . 33 , no. 3 , Special Issue in honour of Edward W. Said . ( springiness , 2004 ) , pp. 123 – 124 . Pelham , Nicolas . refresh Work : look-alike and reality in the Zion @-@ Palestine Conflict. by Jessye Norman G. Finkelstein , International Affairs , Vol . 72 , No. 3 , Ethnicity and international Relations . ( July 1996 ) , pp. 627 – 28 . Pappe , Ilan . " worthful New linear perspective , " critique work : figure and realness of the Israel @-@ Canaan Conflict. by Norman G. Finkelstein , journal of Palestine Studies , Vol . 26 , no. 4 . ( Summer , 1997 ) , pp. 113 – 15 . Beinin , Book of Joel . " The Palestinian Arab @-@ Israeli Conflict after Christiania " , critique work : image and reality of the Israel @-@ Promised Land engagement by Jessye Norman G. Finkelstein . middle Orient Report , No. 201 , Zion and Palestine : ii States , Bantustans operating theater Binationalism ? . ( Oct @-@ Dec 1996 ) , pp. 45 – 47 . = = = brushup of books by Finkelstein = = = Blokker , Ba ( review of Beyond chutzpah ) , NRC Handelsblad , Feb two dozen , 2006 . Pappe , Ilan ( review of Beyond chutzpah ) , BOOKFORUM ( Feb / March 2006 ) De Zayas , Alfred . Review of Beyond chutzpah in Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung ( Feb triplet , 2006 ) Merkley , Paul Charles . These pig on the brass of the earth : State of Israel 's to the highest degree relentless critic ( review of Beyond Chutzpah , IN Christianity now ( Jan / February 2006 ) Marqusee , Mike . " Sion , role player and chutzpah " ( followup of Beyond Chutzpah ; Jan 2006 ) Prashad , Vijay . ezed magazine reviews Beyond hutzpah . reexamine of Beyond chutzpah . zed Magazine Nov 2005 Volume XVIII , number 11 Gordon , Neve . Neve Gordon : Review of Gregory John Norman Finkelstein 's , Beyond hutzpah . Review of Beyond Chutzpah : on the misuse of Anti @-@ Semitism and the ill-usage of chronicle , by Greg Norman G. Finkelstein . story News Network , Oct 12 , 2005 Bogdanor , Paul . The Finkelstein Phenomenon ( review of The Holocaust Industry ) , Judaism ( fall 2002 ) Abse , Tobias . Finkelstein 's foolery : The danger of plebeian Anti @-@ Zionism ( critique of The Holocaust manufacture ) , whatnextjournal.co.uk ; get at November I , 2015 Bartov , Omer . " A tale of two final solution " ( review of The final solution industry ) , new House of York Times Quran Review , August 6 , 2000 = = = profile of Finkelstein = = = garner , Mandy . " The good Judaic Boys go into battle . " times high-pitched Education supplement 16 Dec 2005 . Naparstek , Ben . " His Own Worst opposition . " The capital of Israel Emily Post 12 Dec 2005 . Rayner , John Jay . " Finkelstein 's List . " The Observer xvi July 2000 . Sheleg , Yair . " The Finkelstein Polemic . " HA 'aretz 30 March 2001 . = = = Critics of Finkelstein and replies = = = Book of Daniel Goldhagen , The unexampled Discourse of Avoidance at the Wayback simple machine ( archived December 4 , 2002 ) Jessye Norman Finkelstein , response to Goldhagen William Rubinstein et atomic number 13 . , Uses of Holocaust , varsity letter to the London critique of book Jacques Louis David Friedman , Anti @-@ Defamation conference letter of the alphabet atomic number 85 the Wayback simple machine , call Finkelstein a " final solution denier " The Booker Taliaferro Washington Post publish A Retraction : Marc Fisher , A Washington D.C. Wiley Post columnist , issue A abjuration of his complaint of " Holocaust revisionism " , archive.org ; accessed Nov unity , 2015 . = = = picture = = = Norman Finkelstein at the Internet flick Database Eight question with Finkelstein ( two set of quartet ) , December 2014 and Jan 2015 , and ternion More interview with Finkelstein , English hawthorn 2015 , The Real News American language radical : The run of Norman Finkelstein - transmit of the documental in two portion Resolving the Sion @-@ Palestine struggle : University of British people Columbia River , George Vancouver , Jan 21 , 2009 . Interview broadcast on Lebanese boob tube January 20 , 2008 video : Norman Finkelstein - Zion and Promised Land : Roots of Conflict , prospect for pacification , presentation IN Seattle , Washington , English hawthorn VIII , 2008 . TV : Norman Finkelstein - The amount Breakup of American language Zionism , presentation in capital of Washington , Washington D.C. , May 8 , 2008 . picture : Norman Finkelstein atomic number 85 Brown University on YouTube , Apr 15 , 2008 El Beda argumentation at the Oxford Union video of deliberate on whether the " pro @-@ Israeli lobby has successfully stifled western sandwich disputation about State of Israel 's sue " with St. Andrew Cockburn , Mary Martin Indyk , and St. David Aaronovitch , Crataegus laevigata 1 , 2007 deliberate with Shlomo Ben @-@ Ami on democracy Now ! , February 14 , 2006 Finkelstein respond to Clinton , Netanyahu AIPAC Comments March 23 , 2010 State of Israel Phoebe Palestine - feature Greg Norman Finkelstein ( April 2014 ) , succus belt news