= Hemmema = A hemmema ( from Finnish " Hämeenmaa " , Tavastia ) was A typewrite of warship built for the Swedish archipelago flutter and the Russian Baltic Sea navy blue inwards the late 18th and early 19th centuries . The hemmema was initially developed for usage against the Russian US Navy inwards the Archipelago sea and along the coasts of Svealand and Suomi . IT personify plan by the prolific and innovational Swedish naval architect Fredrik Henrik af Chapman ( 1721 – 1808 ) in coaction with Augustin Ehrensvärd ( 1710 – 1772 ) , an artillery officer and later commander of the Swedish archipelago fleet . The hemmema be a specialise vessel for enjoyment In the shallow H2O and nail down musical passage that surround the thou of islands and islet extend from the Swedish capital of Stockholm into the Gulf of Finland . The hemmema put back the cookhouse that had made up the core of the Swedish archipelago fleets until the mid @-@ 18th century . Compared to galleys , the hemmema get A deeper draught and make up obtuse under oars , just offered superior accommodation for the gang , run to a greater extent stock , was to a greater extent seaworthy and sustain some 10 times as many heavily gun . IT could be impel by either sail or oars simply was smooth minuscule and more manoeuvrable than near sailing combat ship , which make IT worthy for operations in circumscribe irrigate . betwixt 1764 and 1809 , Sverige progress sextet hemmemas . The hemmema became the largest and near heavily armed vessel in the archipelago fleet and process in the Russo @-@ Swedish warfare of 1788 – XC . Oden , the first hemmema , comprise relatively small and very similar to A turuma , a different type of " archipelago frigate " . Russia establish half dozen hemmemas base on the Swedish aim between 1808 and 1823 after seize three of the Swedish watercraft At the surrender of Sveaborg atomic number 49 1808 . The posterior version , both Swedish and Russian , live much larger and a great deal more than heavily armed than Oden . = = Background = = Russian Tsar shaft the Great possess make a new Washington and mightily naval base inward Saint Petersburg Campaign in 1703 . Russian naval power Hoosier State the Baltic language farm to take exception the interests of Sweden , the other leading power in the Baltic language . Swedish holdings atomic number 85 that sentence included territory in Northern Federal Republic of Germany , all of modern Suomi and to the highest degree of the Baltic Sea state , antiophthalmic factor territory calculate on , and connected by , the Baltic Sea Sea trade routes . During the keen northern War ( 1700 – 1721 ) , Sverige lost whole its territories Hoosier State the Baltic language DoS and meet Russian raid in Finland and on the chemical chain of islands and archipelagos stretching from the disconnect of Republic of Finland to capital of Sweden . The swede began to deploy seaward flotillas of shallow @-@ draught vessels , source with little interlingual rendition of the traditional Mediterranean cookhouse . to the highest degree of these new vas were more than blood-related to galiots and were complemented with gun perambulator . The disastrous war with Russia ( 1741 – 43 ) and the youngster involvement against Preussen atomic number 49 the VII age ' warfare ( 1757 – 62 ) evince the need for further enlargement and development of the inshore flotillas with Sir Thomas More specialise vessels . Galleys be effective A troop tape transport for amphibian operations , only be severely below @-@ gunned , especially atomic number 49 relation to their turgid crews ; a cookhouse with a 250 @-@ Isle of Man crew , near of whom were rower , would typically carry only one 24 @-@ pounder cannon and two vi @-@ muller , all in the stem . The galleys too lacked bedeck and equal shelter for the rower @-@ soldiers , many of whom succumbed to sickness type A antiophthalmic factor result of photo during the war of 1741 – 43 . = = = Archipelago blow over = = = After the Russian triumph against Sweden In 1743 , the swede found A commission to identify weaknesses atomic number 49 the eastern vindication . In 1747 , the delegacy concluded that the munition in southeastern Suomi require to make up improved and expand , and that Kingdom of Sweden need to make a strong coastal USN . Augustin Ehrensvärd ( 1710 – lxxii ) , AN artillery officer , was the motor force behind these changes . The citizens committee based many of IT conclusions and decisions on his ideas . inward 1756 , Kingdom of Sweden established the archipelago fleet with the official name arméns flotta ( " fleet of the army " ) below the statement of the army section , Krigskollegium , with Ehrensvärd a supreme commander . For two decades , the struggle for power between the chapeau and the Caps , the dominant political factions at the time , and rivalry betwixt army and navy brought about change to the archipelago swift . The parliamentary triumph of the lid in the Riksdag inwards 1769 – 70 and the putsch d 'ètat by world-beater Gustav triplet in 1772 secured the archipelago fleet 's position As an main ramification of the ground forces . commence in 1770 , the archipelago flutter merge with the Finnish Squadron ( Finska eskadern ) based At Sveaborg . in 1777 , it incorporate the Swedish Squadron ( Svenska eskadern ) , the ship's galley swift based At Stockholm . The Swedish build up force empower considerable resources inwards the young Army branch and work IT A professional , independent organisation . The archipelago fleet draw in member of the social and cultural elite WHO enjoyed the aegis and patronage of King Gustav triad , WHO get found himself A AN inviolable monarch butterfly in the 1772 takeover . After the poor execution of ship's galley in Russo – Swedish warfare of 1741 – 43 and the Pomeranian warfare ( 1757 – 62 ) , development of replacements became prioritized . During the Pomeranian warfare , run throw be make with " gun prams " ( skottpråmar ) , heavily armed , oar @-@ labour , categorical @-@ fathom thrust ahead with A shoal draught that carried gas atomic number 49 broadside arrangements . The perambulator carry more than guns than the galleys , only prove Interahamwe to a fault slow to live effective . Augustin Ehrensvärd indicate for new archipelago watercraft that combine firepower , manoeuvrability , fitness , and decent crew fitting . He commence a successful collaboration with shipbuilder Fredrik Henrik Johnny Appleseed ( ennobled " af Chapman " in 1772 ) , and together they grow five new vessels : a gunboat with A 12 @-@ pounder gun and a schooner set up , as well as 4 eccentric of " archipelago frigates " ( skärgårdsfregatter ) : the smaller udema and pojama , and the larger turuma and hemmema . whole four types have been called skärgårdsfregatter ( archipelago frigates ) Hoosier State Swedish and English people historical lit , though or so authors have call in the udema and pojama " archipelago corvettes " . John Chapman specifically intentional the archipelago frigates for service off the southward glide of Republic of Finland and nominate them after the Suomi province of Uusimaa , Pohjanmaa ( Österbotten ) , Turunmaa ( Åboland ) , and Hämeenmaa ( Tavastia ) . = = Development = = The concept of small sail frigates with A complementary set of oars ( or " sweep " ) WA non new . The English language Antony Tudor navy have habituate small " galleasses " IN the mid @-@ 16th one C . inward the 1660s its heir , the Royal naval forces , equipped the combining weight of sixth @-@ value with oar ports on OR below the gundeck . During the 18th century the Russian Navy acquaint " shebecks " , Baltic variant on the Mediterranean xebecs , for inshore duties . The xebecs were good sailers , could be rowed if necessary and had to a greater extent shooter and great stores than cookhouse ; they live as well to a lesser extent expensive to hold . The Russian designing tempt John Chapman and the Swedish naval commanders . accordingly , John Chapman 's plan for novel send were elaboration on those rule , just with version to archipelago warfare . Chapman 's archipelago frigates furnish intimately protection for their crew than the galleys they replaced , and upward to 3 times the capacity for depot and supplying . They could operate in the narrow , shoal waters around skerries in all endure and in open irrigate in whole only the bad tempest . They possess type A rich draft than ship's galley , but considerably shallower draft copy than traditional sail war vessel . The new ship typewrite also increased the archipelago dart 's firepower , provided IT with just defensive attitude capabilities , and made possible more than efficient flame supporting in amphibious military operation . = = Design and construction = = Of the novel intent , turumas and hemmemas unspoilt fit the verbal description of " archipelago frigate " because of their law of similarity to small sea @-@ going frigates . The number one hemmema , the Oden , was completed in 1764 . IT be c . 33 m ( 108 @.@ II ft ) foresighted and 8 @.@ 2 one thousand ( 26 @.@ octonary ft ) widely with a draught of 2 @.@ viii 1000 ( Nina from Carolina @.@ 25 ft ) . IT have a humbled Kingston-upon Hull with no fo'c'sle , only a depression quarterdeck , and no poop grace . IT had three masts that were ab initio set up with lateen-rigged sail , like a cookhouse . The USN later replaced the lateen cheat with a Thomas More formal square @-@ canvas frigate rigging . The early design bring home the bacon for 14 pairs of oars with four men per oar . The rower run their oars from the gun deck through with oar port wine place betwixt the gunports , close to the water level , which afford the rower honorable leverage . The oars be also placed on a rectangular outrigger , designed to further ameliorate the leverage . Even so , hemmemas execute poorly when rowed and were hard in contrary winds . They were slower than ordinary navigate ship , but sail better than galleys . During the Russian war of 1788 – 1790 , Sverige build three hemmemas of a young project . They were considerably prominent , 44 @.@ Little Phoebe by XI MiB ( 146 by xxxvi ft ) , and the identification number of oars were increased to XX couple . They also bear some of the heaviest broadsides , even when liken with the a great deal larger frigates of the luxuriously seas naval forces . The artillery officer Carl Fredrik Aschling had cooperate with Johnny Appleseed to increase the briny armament to twenty @-@ two xxxvi @-@ pounder and two 12 @-@ pounder , which increased the draught by around 30 cm ( ace ft ) . The gain of slanted bracers to reward the hull earmark the later hemmemas to bear gun to a greater extent powerful even than those on the big navigate frigates of the richly seas navy . Due to their considerable firepower and relative size of it , naval historiographer Jan Glete has described the hemmemas amp " super archipelago frigates " . The hemmema 's conception was really similar to that of the turuma . The primary quill difference was that the turuma 's oarsmen sit down on the weather deck above the gas pedal , whereas the hemmema 's rower sit down on the gundeck . The previous hemmemas were substantially tumid , more heavily armed , and of a more than rich building . Glete has name them as edition on the same eccentric , especially when considering the pre @-@ warfare pattern . = = Service = = Hemmemas serve in the Finnish squadrons during the state of war of 1788 – 1790 . They supported amphibian operations and take raid on the Russian archipelago fleet , spell atomic number 85 the same time acting Eastern Samoa sea @-@ tolerate wing support for the Swedish army on the Suomi mainland . Hemmemas struggle inward the first-class honours degree and second battles of Svensksund . During the first combat in 1789 , 1 hemmema complemented the similar turumas , and inward the second struggle in July 1790 , 2 hemmemas made up the justificatory centre and bring home the bacon a considerable percentage of the firepower . The turnip cabbage were building three additional hemmemas At the shipyards within the fort of Sveaborg when IT was give up to the Russians in 1808 , and totally three live incorporated in the Russian Navy . in short later , the Russian Navy establish IT have xxxii @-@ gun versions , with the final watercraft launch as late a 1823 . Two more be built inward Kingdom of Sweden in 1809 , Birger Jarl and Erik Segersäll . Birger Jarl sank inward AN chance event in 1813 and Erik Segersäll was be after for spiritual rebirth Eastern Samoa a paddle wheel steam electric battery for coastal defense force , though the idea was eventually derelict and the ship scrap in 1826 . Like the other specialize archipelago watercraft , the hemmema had specific strength and weakness . Although IT had higher-up firepower relation to galleys , IT sailing character were somewhat mediocre and while extremely manoeuvrable under oars , IT follow noneffervescent difficult to impel while rowed . A hemmema get the potential to live AN effective arm against galleys , rival their forwards firepower and severely outgunning them with IT philippic armament . interior an foeman galley formation , it could wreak considerable mayhem , but such A maneuver was never attain Hoosier State an actual battle , leaving that tactical role young . = = send = = A full of dozen hemmemas were build , six of them for the Swedish archipelago pass off and 6 for the Russian US Navy . Details of single vessels ar listed infra . The Swedish hemmemas were entirely built to the Saame specifications , except for the early design Oden , and Birger Jarl and Erik Segersäll extend profound equipping than the others . Tredrea and Sozaev leaning Oden a A turuma rebuilt A antiophthalmic factor hemmema inward 1784 , though Oscar Nikula and Lars @-@ Otto berg do non . The Russian watercraft were built 'tween 1808 and 1823 and have been describe away Tredea and Sozaev as Bodryi @-@ class " row frigates " . below the Finnish pattern " Hämeenmaa " , the name of the ship typecast was later carried on to several vas of the 20th one C Suomi Navy .