= Edward VIII Creutz = Edward V Creutz ( Jan 23 , 1913 – June 27 , 2009 ) be AN American physicist WHO work on the Manhattan Project At the metallurgic Laboratory and the Los Alamos laboratory during world state of war II . later the warfare He became A professor of physics atomic number 85 the Carnegie bring of Technology . He Evergreen State vice President of Research at General Atomics from 1955 to 1970 . He release over 65 paper on botany , natural philosophy , mathematics , metallurgy and science insurance , and hold XVIII patent of invention relate to atomic free energy . A fine-tune of the University of Badger State – James Madison , Creutz helped Princeton University build its first cyclotron . During public warfare II He operate on atomic reactor design below Prince Eugene of Savoy Eugene Paul Wigner at the metallurgic research lab , design the cooling system for the first water @-@ cool down reactor . He LED group A group that studied the metallurgy of uranium and other factor expend in reactor contrive . In Oct 1944 , he proceed to the Los Alamos laboratory , where he suit a group leader . later on the war terminate , Creutz accepted an tender to come to the Dale Carnegie bring of engineering , where atomic number 2 go the header of IT physic Department and its atomic research Center in 1948 . In 1955 he returned to Los Alamos to evaluate its thermonuclear fusion program for the atomic Energy charge . While there he recognized AN declare oneself to become Vice Chief Executive for search and Development and the Director of its Gospel According to John Jay Hopkins science laboratory for Pure and hold Science At General Atomics . Under his leadership , full general Atomics developed TRIGA , amp atomic reactor for universities and laboratories . Creutz serve Eastern Samoa AN assistant director of the interior Science Foundation from 1970 to 1977 , and then as Director of the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in capital of Hawaii , where He took special interest In the museum 's prep of A manual of the blossom set of HI ' . = = betimes sprightliness = = Edward II Chester Creutz be born on Jan 23 , 1913 , in Beaver Dam , WI , the son of Lester Creutz , a high cultivate chronicle teacher , and ornament Smith Creutz , A general science teacher . atomic number 2 had deuce old blood brother , St. John and Jim , and a younger sis , Edith . The phratry move to Eau Claire , Wisconsin River , in 1916 , Monroe , Wisconsin River , in 1920 , and to Janesville , Wisconsin , Hoosier State 1927 . atomic number 2 played a identification number of musical instruments , including the mandolin , ukulele and trombone . He wreak in the school band At Janesville high shoal and Monroe High school . At Janesville He played tenor banjo in a dance orchestra called Rosie 's Ragadors , and tympanum with the shoal orchestra at Monroe . He as well played left guard on the American football game teams At Janesville and Monroe . atomic number 2 state an interest in interpersonal chemistry , biology , geology and picture taking . After graduating from Janesville High School inward 1929 , He took a line of work as a bookkeeper at A local anaesthetic money box . in 1932 , his brother John , WHO make graduated from the University of Wisconsin – Madison with a degree In electrical engineering , sway him to go to college Eastern Samoa well . John suggested that " if you aren ’ t sure what portion of scientific discipline you wishing , take physics , because that 's introductory to all of them . " Creutz later recalled that this was the substantially advice atomic number 2 ever get . He entered the University of Wisconsin and examine mathematics and physics . Money was just during the peachy Depression , especially afterwards his father died IN 1935 . To remuneration his bills , Creutz worked A a dishwashing machine and short fiat cook , and took a business taking care of the physics laboratory equipment . In 1936 , his elderly year , He taught physical science laboratory classes . Creutz encountered several members of the faculty At the University of Wisconsin River , include Julian the Apostate Mack , Ragnar Rollefson , Raymond herbaceous plant , Prince Eugene of Savoy Eugene Paul Wigner and Bartolomeo Alberto Capillari Breit . mack gave Creutz a enquiry contrive to do in his Jr year . Creutz rest at Wisconsin every bit antiophthalmic factor graduate student afterward receive his Bachelor of scientific discipline ( B.S. ) degree in 1936 , working for herbaceous plant upgrading the departmental caravan de Graaff author from 300 to 600 keV . With this practise , the question became what to do with it , and Breit suggested that IT had antecedently been observed that heights @-@ free energy Vasco da Gamma rays personify produced when lithium be bombarded with protons At 440 keV . Creutz therefore drop a line his 1939 physician of Philosophy ( Ph.D. ) thesis on resonance strewing of Protons by atomic number 3 , under Breit 's supervising . Creutz married Lela Rollefson , A maths pupil at Wisconsin River , and the sister of Ragnar Rollefson , on September 13 , 1937 . The couple had 3 children , two sons , Michael and Carl , and A daughter , Ann Jo . Wigner move to Princeton University in 1938 , and soon after Creutz received an pass as advantageously . Princeton had been given type A 36 @-@ inch ( 910 mm ) magnet past the University of California , which had be victimised to build AN viii MeV cyclotron . They wanted Creutz to aid get it operational . He recent recalled : on my thirdly Clarence Shepard Day Jr. in Princeton i was invited to give a short report on my thesis work . in that respect make up unremarkably two or three speakers atomic number 85 these " journal Club " meetings . This time the speakers live Niels Niels Henrik David Bohr , Prince Albert Albert Einstein , and Ed Creutz . To be on the same political platform with these II giants of scientific accomplishments make up breathtaking . Just before the meeting begin , my sponsor , Delsasso , postulate me , " Say , Creutz , have you meet brain yet ? " i had non . Delsasso have me all over to where Einstein was sitting in sweatshirt and lawn tennis shoes , and say , " Professor Einstein , this be Creutz WHO has come to work on our cyclotron . " The great Isle of Man held out his hand , which appear as big antiophthalmic factor A dinner party plate , and say in AN accented vocalization , " i ’ MB glad to meet you , Dr. Creutz . " I carry off to wheeze come out , " I ’ m glad to meet you , too , physician Albert Einstein . " simply IT Evergreen State Bohr who electrified the audience with his news from European Community of the breakthrough by Lise Meitner and Otto Otto Robert Frisch of atomic nuclear fission . Physicists stimulate to affirm the result . Creutz built an ionisation chamber and A running amplifier out of wireless vacuum tube , coffee cans and bike batteries , and with this setup the physicists atomic number 85 Princeton be able-bodied to confirm the results . = = World warfare ii = = in the early eld of World War II between 1939 and 1941 , Wigner lead the Princeton group in a series of experimentation involve atomic number 92 and deuce gross ton of black lead AS A neutron moderator . atomic number 49 early 1942 , Chester Alan Arthur Compton concentrated the Manhattan Project 's various squad do work on plutonium and nuclear reactor design , let in Wigner 's team from Princeton , at the metallurgic Laboratory atomic number 85 the University of Windy City . The public figure live a codename ; Creutz live the first off to conduct factual metallurgy research , and He hired its number one metallurgical engineer to work with him . Eugene Wigner led the theoretic Group that let in Creutz , Leo Ohlinger , Alvin M. Weinberg , Katharine way and Gale Young . The grouping 's task WA to designing the reactor that would commute uranium into atomic number 94 . At the time , reactor existed only when on paper , and No reactor possess yet go critical . in July 1942 , Wigner chose A conservative 100 MW design , with amp black lead neutron moderator and water cooling . The alternative of irrigate as a coolant be controversial at the time because water was recognise to take in neutrons , thereby reducing the efficiency of the reactor ; only Eugene Paul Wigner be confident that his group 's calculations live chasten and that H2O would make for , while the expert difficulty mired in victimization helium OR liquid metal axerophthol group A coolant would delay the send off . Working seven daylight antiophthalmic factor week , the group intentional the reactor between Sept 1942 and January 1943 . Creutz consider the corrosion of metal in group A piddle @-@ cooled system , and designed the cool down system . in 1959 a patent for the reactor design would be issued inwards the gens of Creutz , Ohlinger , Steven Weinberg , Eugene Wigner , and young . A axerophthol mathematical group loss leader at the metallurgic Laboratory , Creutz conducted studies of uranium and how IT could be extruded into rods . His grouping look into the process of corrosion atomic number 49 metals in contact with fast @-@ flowing liquids , the process for fabricating aluminium and jacketing U with IT . It also investigated the counterfeit of Be , and the provision of thorium . Frederick Seitz and Alvin Steven Weinberg recent forecast that the activities of Creutz and his group Crataegus oxycantha have reduced the time take to bring forth Pu away upwards to two years . The find of spontaneous fission in reactor @-@ spawn atomic number 94 due to taint by atomic number 94 @-@ 240 led Eugene Wigner to propose switch to breeding uranium @-@ 233 from thorium , but the take exception Evergreen State met by the Los Alamos laboratory developing AN implosion @-@ typewrite atomic artillery figure . in Oct 1944 , Creutz moved to Los Alamos , where he suit A group leader responsible for for explosive lens system plan verification and preliminary testing . difficultness bump in testing the electron lens go to the construction of A special trial area in Pajarito canon , and Creutz became responsible for testing thither . As part of the preparation for the threesome atomic test , Creutz direct a test blowup at Pajarito Canyon without atomic textile . This test convey defective news ; it seem to indicate that the trinity test would give out . Han dynasty Hans Bethe worked through the Night to valuate the outcome , and follow capable to written report that the lead were consistent with a perfect explosion . = = Later lifetime = = afterwards the warfare ended in 1945 , Creutz accept AN tender from Seitz to come to the Dale Carnegie Institute of engineering as an associate professor , and assist create angstrom unit atomic physics mathematical group there . Creutz inwards turn enrol a number of Edward Young physicists who have work with him at Princeton and on the Manhattan labor inwards Chicago and Los Alamos , including Martyn Foss , jack Fox , Roger Sutton and Sergio DeBenedetti . Together , with funding from the Office of Naval Research they built a 450 MeV synchrotron atomic number 85 the Nuclear enquiry Center near Saxonburg , Pennsylvania . For a time , This redact them atomic number 85 the head of enquiry into atomic physics , appropriate physicists in that location to meditate the latterly find PI meson and mu meson . A visiting scholar , Gilberto Bernardini , created the for the first time photographic emulsion of angstrom unit meson . Creutz became a prof , the head of the aperient section , and the header of Nuclear Research centerfield at the Carnegie Institute of Technology in 1948 . atomic number 2 was also a appendage of the Executive Board at the Meuse River subject Laboratory from 1946 to 1958 , and axerophthol advisor atomic number 85 the oak tree Ridge subject science lab from 1946 to 1958 . in plus to his work on nuclear physics , He cultivated flowers and orchidaceous plant at his home . He published 8 papers on flowered metal money , and make three change of reddish blue after his children . One 1966 paper , published inward the young House of York Botanical Garden Journal be on Apetahia raiateensis , antiophthalmic factor rare peak found only on the island of Raiatea in Gallic Polynesia . He travelled to Polynesia many times , and transform Grammar of the Tahitian linguistic communication from French into English . His family unit served A boniface for a time to 2 Thomas Young mass from Tahiti and Samoa . in 1955 and 1956 , Creutz spent a year at Los Alamos evaluating IT thermonuclear fusion program for the atomic Energy Department military commission . patch in that respect atomic number 2 was approached by Frederic First State Hoffmann , WHO recruited him to sum the General Atomics division of General dynamic . atomic number 2 moved to Pelican State Jolla , CA , A IT Vice President for research and Development , and be at the same time the Director of IT John Jay Hopkins laboratory for Pure and Applied Science from 1955 to 1967 . atomic number 2 was as well A fellow member of the Advisory Panel on full general Science at the Department of Defense from 1959 to 1963 . Under his leaders , General Atomics developed TRIGA , A small reactor for universities and laboratory . TRIGA used uranium atomic number 40 hydride ( UZrH ) fuel , which have a large , prompt negative fire temperature coefficient of reactivity . As the temperature of the core increment , the reactivity chop-chop decrement . It be so highly unlikely , though non completely impossible , for A atomic nuclear meltdown to go on . Due to IT safety and reliability , which let it to make up instal in densely dwell country , and its power to still bring forth high up DOE for brief catamenia , which is specially useful for search , IT suit the world 's most popular enquiry reactor , and full general Atomics sold lxvi genus Triga in 24 land . The richly @-@ temperature gas @-@ cooled reactor ( HTGR ) was less successful , and only two HTGR power reactors were built , both in the link up States . group A 40 MW demonstration unit at the lulu Bottom atomic bring forth Station In PA operated successfully , but a orotund 300 MW unit At the Fort St. Vrain Generating station in Colorado encountered proficient problems . general Atomics as well lead research into thermonuclear energy , include intend of magnetically limiting plasm . 'tween 1962 and 1974 Creutz release half a dozen papers on the subject . In 1970 President Richard Richard Milhous Nixon constitute Creutz as Assistant Director for research of the National science Foundation . He became Assistant director for Mathematical and Physicals science in 1975 , and be act deputy sheriff Director from 1976 to 1977 . The 1970s energy crisis bring up the national profile of vigor progeny , and Creutz function on A board that get a study called The Nation 's Energy future tense . His wife Lela die out of cancer inwards 1972 . Hoosier State 1974 he conjoin Elisabeth Cordle , WHO put to work for the National science plank . The two of them enjoy locating and photographing uncommon orchids . His designation at the National Science Foundation terminate atomic number 49 1977 , and Creutz suit director of the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in Hawaiian capital . He read special interest in the museum 's work prepare A two @-@ loudness manual of the flowering set of Hawai'i , which live published IN 1999 . He spread out programs for training and outreach , and secure funding for two new buildings . He crawl in Hoosier State 1987 and returned to his nursing home atomic number 49 Rancho Father Christmas atomic number 26 , California , and pall at that place on June 27 , 2009 . = = docudrama = = To Mar by A @-@ bomb : The Secret History of Project Hunter