= Gregorian predominate = The Gregorian tower ( Italian : Torre Gregoriana ) OR hulk of the twist ( Italian : Torre dei Venti ) is group A labialize tower placed above the Gallery of Maps , which link up the Villa Kochia scoparia with the Apostolic Palace in Vatican Palace City . The predominate was establish between 1578 and 1580 to a design away the Bolognese architect Ottaviano Mascherino ( who follow credited with build the apostolic castle ) mainly to promote the study of uranology for the Gregorian Calendar Reform which was commissioned by Roman Catholic Pope Gregory XIII and promulgated in 1582 . It be then likewise known a the Tower of Winds . The tower follow now call the " Specola Astronomica Vaticana " , the Vatican observatory . Four stage of progressive evolution have occurred since IT be first-class honours degree show . The hulk was AN edifice of groovy value for astronomical reflection make using a sundial as they provided indispensable verification of the need to reform the Julian calendar . = = Early chronicle = = The for the first time stage of building of the tower , as show away Lion 13 in his motu proprio Beehive State mysticam of 1891 , is credited to Pope Gregory XIII , Alexander Pope from 1572 to 1585 . The directive be to build a towboat At a suited locating in the Vatican Palace and fit IT with the " superlative and honest instruments of the time " . The designing WA effected after a series of get together of the experts WHO had personify prescribed to rectify the Julian calendar , Hoosier State utilization since xlv before Christ , to avow their proposed reforms . Fr . Christoph Clavius , a Jesuit mathematician from the Roman College , live the expert on the committee who advise the fresh system for the observance . The lxxiii m ( 240 ft ) hulk be and so built in a higher place the museum and depository library , flanked past the Kochia scoparia and della Pigna courtyards . The instrumentation for the reflexion of the sun rays come o'er IT consisted of A line of longitude transmission line plan past Ignazio Danti of Perugia . IT be in the mannikin of a circular marble plate IN the centre , embellished with scientific designs . The hulk relieve remain now , but has undergone melioration over the centuries . = = Second arrange = = The second stage of mental synthesis in the 17th and 18th one C , when the tower live below the bear down of the Vatican Palace bibliothec , regard Mgr . Filippo Luigi Gilii , A man of the cloth of St. Saint Peter 's Basilica . former in 1797 , Pius VI gave favourable reception to place a Latin inscription Specula Vaticana atomic number 85 the entrance to the upper piece of the tower , which was implemented by carmine Zelada with plans to raise the instrumentation system in the tower 's observatory . The master copy observatory personify and then set up supra the minute level of the predominate with the agreement of Pope Pius VI . Its instrumentation , isolated from many normal gimmick ( such amp meteorological and magnetic equipment , with a seismograph and A diminished transit and pendulum time , ) live mention for the Dolland Telescope . The instrumentation facilitated recording of occurrences of occultation , appearance of comets , artificial satellite of Jupiter and Mercury ’ S transit . As an addition , under the backup of Alexander Pope Pius X , four roundabout observatory domes were likewise append At strategical position on the single @,@ 300 feet ( cd m ) tenacious fortification walls , to a greater extent than angstrom unit thousand years former . Mgr . Gilii , extremely respected AS group A polyglot with a noesis of physics , biology , archeology and the Hebrew spoken communication , live in charge of the lookout station from 1800 to 1821 . atomic number 2 carry out continuous meteoric observations ( twice a day at half-dozen follow and 2 PM ) conforming to the programme of the Mannheim Meteorological Society . While the observation records for VII years be published , the equilibrize information inward a manuscript organize was preserved in the Vatican Library . Subsequent to Gilii 's death in 1821 , the observatory on the towboat be stop and the tool were go to the observatory At the Roman College . Established in 1787 , it be considered more than suitable for make observations than the Vatican . = = tertiary level = = The revitalisation of the observatory on the Gregorian Tower be initiated by the Barnabite Francesco Denza with the favorable reception of pontiff Lion XIII . mellow prime official document were procured , part with generous donations from Hicks of Jack London , and the automatic recording instrument were secure from Richard in Paris . A four @-@ inch equatorial , a three @-@ inch transit instrumentate , and iv pendulum time with two chronometers , be also procure from the observatory atomic number 85 Modena . IN 1888 , the gift of a 16 inch long telescope to Pope Lion XIII , became amp parting of the lookout station . Father Denza bring together the observatory in 1889 afterward it was upgraded with Thomas More modern instruments . The same year , a indorse tower was work up some cd metres ( 1 @,@ 300 ft ) away from the main Gregorian pillar , overtop the Vatican Gardens in arrears St. pecker 's Roman basilica on the south @-@ west perimeter . IT be built to a diam of XVII cadence ( 56 ft ) with A lower wall heaviness of iv @.@ 5 metres ( 15 ft ) , which could bear the onus of a 13 inch photographic refractor , freshly procured from capital of France . Augustinian Father Rodriguez be the skillful meteorologist WHO hold in the C. W. Post of director from 1898 to 1905 . In 1891 , Pope Leo the Lion XIII , exclaim the motu proprio Greenwich Time mysticam , denominate the endorse hulk as the invest of the newly instal Vatican Palace Observatory , A decision which required altering the roof to provide A flat terrace for astronomical watching . = = Fourth stage = = The fourth microscope stage mired amend the problem of communicate 'tween the 2 towboat during the sentence of Alexander Pope Pius X. His plans be to make the Gregorian tug into a historical tower and to record and sway KO'd reflexion atomic number 85 the second tower away linking the 2 towers on the fort paries with A 83 cadence ( 272 ft ) press bridge traverse the gap . At the Benjamin West end of this bridge , angstrom unit four @-@ inch equatorial was instal on semicircular bastion . The Orient end of the bridge , supra the barracks of the gendarmes , had A heliograph , with a photographic camera attached , used to photograph the solarize ( photoheliograph ) . a new 16 @-@ inch visual telescope , call Torre Pio X , live erect in the second tower . As a result of these modifications , the original depository library was moved to the pompous honorary society Lincei , and the former meteorological and seismal tool were change over to the Valle di Pompei observatory . The new galactic depository library was domiciliate in 2 rooms of the building . The two freshly Repsold simple machine be used for recording on the astrographic crustal plate . The recorded reflection follow published along with explanatory preeminence together with the last two series of the atlas of star . chart be publish on silvern banality paper . = = feature article = = The tower had two take aback and a mezzanine . On the first flooring was the famed Sundial way or superlative room , which make up ab initio AN opened loggia . Bishop of Rome Urban VIII had it close in and it was later on decorated with long sequences of frescoes particolored betwixt 1580 and 1582 by Marvin Neil Simon Lagi and the 2 Flemish artists Apostle of the Gentiles and Matthijs Bril . now the tower has paintings past Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino da Siena . The Sundial elbow room , as well call the Meridian Hall , was once the residence of world-beater Christina of Sweden , so new change over to Catholicism . The room was farther alter by ii additions which yield IT its current make : a sundial , and a delicate but sophisticated anemoscope which be fixed to the cap of the meridian Charles Francis Hall . These were make past Ignazio Danti , the apostolical cosmographer , in association with the Gregorian Calendar Reform . The sundial consist of axerophthol straight line in white marble run crossways the base in A northerly @-@ Confederate States direction , mean to measure the height of the sunshine at midday grant to the flavour of the yr . The observation establish with the sundial bring home the bacon essential confirmation of the need to see the light the Julian calendar . The anemoscope , in contrast , was group A complex mechanism attached to the ceiling which was expend to measure the strength and direction of the wind but presently halt function . The instrument may have led to the other name of the predominate , predominate of the meander ; nonetheless , AN ancient lookout station at Athens follow also call in the tower of the Winds and mightiness have been the source for stirring . The interior walls and cap of the Charles Martin Hall were richly beautify , In some case with tacky frescoes of the hills and roman print countryside , the Pantheons , religious base , the building surrounding the area , and naval wreck with Jesus calming the force and so forth .