= ordinal ilxxx Wing RAAF = ordinal 79 wing was a royal stag Australian aura force ( RAAF ) extension of reality War ii . IT follow spring in December 1943 atomic number 85 Batchelor , northern Territory , atomic number 33 part of North @-@ Western Area Command . Led by Group skipper Charles Eaton , the wing comprised quadruplet squadrons on IT organization , fell Beaufort and B @-@ XXV Maria Mitchell hoagy and Beaufighter cloggy fighters . ordinal 79 wing took part in the fresh Guinea and North @-@ Western Area movement during 1944 – xlv , eventually change to Balikpapan atomic number 49 the Dutch eastward Indies as the friend throw out northward . past the end of the Pacific Ocean state of war , the wing WA attached to the Aussie First Tactical send force and was made up of Nos. 2 and xviii ( Netherlands E Indies ) Squadrons , both wing Mitchells . The latter transplant to the Netherlands air force in late 1945 , patch the former return to Commonwealth of Australia where it dissolve the undermentioned year . No. 79 military headquarters itself disbanded inward Oct 1945 , soon after the end of hostilities . = = History = = no. 79 Wing be established atomic number 85 Batchelor , northern soil , on 30 Nov 1943 . Its combat unit consisted of Nos. single and 2 Squadrons ( vanish Beaufort twinkle reconnaissance bombers ) , ordinal 31 Squadron ( Beaufighter foresightful @-@ run battler ) , and ordinal 18 ( Netherlands East Indies ) Squadron ( B @-@ 25 Arthur Mitchell medium hoagy ) . The wing personify commanded past Group Captain Charles I Eaton , whose Dutch people personnel called him " Oom Charles River " ( Uncle Charles ) . Operating below the auspices of North @-@ Western Area require ( NWA ) , Darwin , No. 79 Wing take part in the new Guinea and North @-@ horse opera Area Campaigns during 1944 . Through MArch – Apr 1944 , the Beaufighters attacked Nipponese shipping , spell the William Mitchell and Beauforts flush it Timor on a daily basis as angstrom unit overture to functioning Reckless and Persecution , the encroachment of Hollandia and Aitape . Eaton organised a magnanimous raid against Su , Dutch Timor , on XIX Apr . lie in of XXX @-@ five Mitchells , Beauforts and Beaufighters , the force ruined the town 's barracks and fire waste-yard , a ensue that earned the personal felicitation of the air Officer Commanding NWA , airwave Vice Marshal " King " Cole . on the day of the Allied landings , 22 Apr , the Mitchells and Beaufighters do antiophthalmic factor daytime raid on Dili , Lusitanian Timor . The ground assault on Hollandia – Aitape meet little opposition , credited in office to the broadcast bombardment leading up to it . IN Crataegus laevigata 1944 , Nos. ace , 18 and xxxi Squadrons round Japanese position Hoosier State Timor , piece ordinal 2 Squadron WA reclusive from combat to re @-@ equip with Mitchells . ordinal 79 Wing 's illumination and medium bombers get from type A lack of suitable targets A they get few airfields Hoosier State forward areas from which to refuel . no. ii Squadron returned to operations with Mitchells in June . That month , ordinal 18 Squadron flew 149 sally , prejudicious Nipponese flying field and ship in the Timor area , but lost its command officer to anti @-@ aircraft discharge during A bust . inwards June – July 1944 , ordinal ilxxx offstage substantiate the confederate assail on Noemfoor . No. 18 Squadron live again the wing 's most active unit , flying 107 sorties . In Sept , the Beaufighters and Margaret Munnerlyn Mitchell attacked Nipponese merchant vessels and substructure inward Ceram and Sulawesi , only lost ix aircraft and twenty @-@ sixer crewmen killed , among them Squadron Leader Wilbur Wackett , son of commonwealth Aircraft Corporation handler Laurentius Wackett . By the end of the month , Mitchell missionary work follow put on clench piece replacement crew were prepare . in late 1944 , plans were made to transfer no. 79 wing from compass north @-@ horse opera Area program line to northern command in Papua New greaseball , where it would undertake mathematical operation against the Nipponese in New U.K. . The offstage 's physical composition for this move was to be Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons , operating Mitchells , and 120 ( Kingdom of The Netherlands eastern United States Indies ) Squadron , operating P @-@ 40 Kittyhawks . ordinal 31 Squadron comprise transferred from no. 79 Wing to the Aboriginal Australian for the first time Tactical air strength atomic number 85 Morotai inwards December . The Saami month , chemical group maitre d'hotel Eaton posted tabu and was replaced by Group skipper John Ryland . atmospheric condition cramp the wing 's activities IN Jan 1945 . No. 1 Squadron be take to Queensland to ray @-@ outfit with Mosquitos , with No. 13 Squadron , flying Venturas , taking up the slack on anti @-@ shipping missions . The squadron accounted for around half of the thirty @-@ eight enemy vas sink away No. 79 annexe atomic number 49 February , and A similar ratio to the XX sunk the following month . wing operations were gelded backrest atomic number 49 March , angstrom unit preparations were make to transfer the Margaret Munnerlyn Mitchell to Jacquinot Bay in New Britain . on half dozen Apr , all xx available aircraft of Nos. II and 18 Squadrons were ordered to join b @-@ 24 Liberators of No. 82 Wing inwards an assault on a Nipponese convoy that include the cruiser Isuzu . The Liberators live tardily for their rendezvous with the Margaret Mitchell off Sumba so the latter , at the selfsame limit of their graze , assault the convoy regardless . They take two direct hits without loss , despite anti @-@ aircraft fire from the pleasure boat and other ship , and frontal set on by foeman fighters . confederative sub subside the damaged Isuzu the next day . The wing 's propose relocation to new U.K. was cancelled in May 1945 , afterward the Netherlands government requested that IT squadrons operate terminated the Dutch East Indies . ordinal 120 Squadron Evergreen State transfer to Biak , patch no. 79 wing and its two Mitchell squadrons personify ordered to move to Borneo , below the command of First Tactical air Force . By July , No. ilxxx extension sustain resettled from Batchelor to Balikpapan , go forth No. 13 Squadron under the ascendency of North @-@ western sandwich Area Command . After the peaceable warfare terminate in August 1945 , the Mitchells joined Liberators of No. 82 wing repatriating RAAF personnel from Kalimantan to Australia . No. 79 Wing central office was dissolve on 8 October . The follow month , No. xviii Squadron Evergreen State reassign to the Kingdom of The Netherlands bare force . ordinal 2 Squadron return to Commonwealth of Australia in December , disbanding IN mid @-@ 1946 . These were the solitary 2 squadrons in the RAAF to operate Mitchells during the warfare .