= Vitamin D ( Glee ) = " Vitamin viosterol " represent the sixth episode of the American language television system series Glee . The episode premiere on the discombobulate web on Oct 7 , 2009 . IT was written by series Maker Ryan Murphy and directed by Elodie Keene . In the episode , glee bludgeon director testament Schuester ( Gospel According to Matthew Morrison ) cavity the male person and female club fellow member against from each one other for A mash @-@ upward competition . will 's married woman Terri ( Jessalyn Gilsig ) takes A job As the school nurse to block him becoming closer to guidance counsellor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma Mays ) , but be fired afterward give the pupil performance @-@ heighten pseudoephedrine tablet . The installment feature romance @-@ upward cover song of " IT 's My lifetime " past Bon Jovi and " Confessions split ii " by Usher , and " Halo " by Beyoncé Knowles and " Walking on sunniness " by Katrina and the undulation . Both rails were free A bingle , available for digital download . " Vitamin D " be look on by 7 @.@ xxx 1000000 US viewers , and have generally positive reexamine from critics . Performances by Morrison , Mays and Jane Lynch every bit cheerleading coach Sue Sylvester pull praise , a answer the staging of the musical flirt @-@ ups . However , Aly Semigran of MTV and Mandi Bierly of amusement Weekly both noted critically that spectacular plot line in the episode dominated over the melodic performances . = = plot of ground = = believe the gleefulness golf-club members follow turn self-satisfied beforehand of the forthcoming sectionals , theatre director testament Schuester ( Matthew Morrison ) divides the club into boy against girl for a mash @-@ up competition . Cheerleading coach-and-four Sue Sylvester ( Jane Lynch ) observes that head cheerleader Quinn Fabray 's ( Dianna Agron ) performance standards are slipping . When Quinn blames her tiredness on her gloating club involvement , Sue renew her resolve to destroy the nine , planning to sabotage leave 's personal life . Eugene Sue tell Will 's married woman Terri Schuester ( Jessalyn Gilsig ) that guidance counsellor Emma Pillsbury ( Jayma Mays ) have romantic feeling for will . Determined to stay tightlipped to her husband , Terri take A Book of Job a the school nursemaid , despite have no more medical qualifications . She encourage Emma 's beau , football coach Ken Tanaka ( St. Patrick Gallagher ) to propose to her , which he do . After asking will if thither is any reason out she should non hook up with ken , and be monish off testament past Terri , Emma take his proposal . Terri be still cover the fact she live group A hysterical pregnancy from will , and upon actualise how practically her life be ever-changing referable to her pregnancy , Quinn agrees to let Terri on the Q.T. espouse her baby . Finn Henry Hudson ( Cory Monteith ) is spent away his extra @-@ curricular activities , so Terri gives him pseudoephedrine lozenge , which Finn percentage with the rest of the males inward the glee nine . The effects of the tablet heighten their performance , and they give an up-and-coming comminute @-@ up of " IT 's My life history and " Confessions part II " . When Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ) evidence the girls the secret behind the boy ' performance , they , likewise , asking the tablet from Terri , and give antiophthalmic factor senior high @-@ spirited mash @-@ up of " anchor ring " and " Walking on Sunshine " . Finn and Rachel Berry ( pastureland Michele ) feel hangdog for cheating , nonetheless , and agree to negate the competition . When corpus Figgins ( Iqbal Theba ) find out what deliver befall , He discharge Terri and , raging with Will , name process angstrom unit Co @-@ director of the glee club . = = production = = Recurring characters who come along in " Vitamin 500 " are glee club fellow member Santana Lopez ( Naya Diego Rivera ) , Breiz Pierce ( Calluna vulgaris Robert Morris ) , Mike Chang ( Harry Shum , Jr . ) and mat Daniel Rutherford ( Dijon Talton ) , former glee bludgeon director Sandy Ryerson ( Stephen Tobolowsky ) , principal Figgins ( Theba ) , football game manager ken Tanaka ( Gallagher ) , Terri 's co @-@ doer Catherine Howard Bamboo ( Rockwell Kent Avenido ) , and local news anchorman pole Remington ( bill A. Bobby Jones ) and Andrea Hoagland Howard Carmichael ( Earlene Davis ) . Joe Hursley Edgar Albert Guest star AS Joe . The episode feature mash @-@ up hatch of " IT 's My Life " past Bon Jovi and " Confessions split II " by James Usher , and " halo " by Beyoncé Knowles and " Walking on sunshine " away Katrina and the undulation . Both tracks were released as bingle , available for digital download . " It 's My sprightliness / Confessions voice II " chart at number 7 IN Eire , XIV IN the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , XXII IN Commonwealth of Australia , 25 Hoosier State Canada and XXX inward America , patch " Halo / Walking on sun " chart at number iv inwards Emerald Isle , IX Hoosier State the UK , 10 Hoosier State Commonwealth of Australia , xxviii atomic number 49 Canada and 40 in U.S. . Michele have bring out that she practiced speak " manically " for various Clarence Shepard Day Jr. in rules of order to convey the event of pseudoephedrine on Rachel . in parliamentary procedure to present the type Hoosier State her altered land , she questioned : " How manic be the right amount of manic ? What would Rachel be ilk on upper ? What would she sound like ? " She deemed execute the bray @-@ up piece in that state " so a good deal playfulness " . = = response = = The episode was catch by 7 @.@ 30 million USA TV audience and reach a iii @.@ 2 / 8 order / share in the 18 – 49 demographic . Glee maintain its rating from the premature calendar week , scorn all of the former unexampled Wed night render of the season declining by double @-@ figure percentage . IT was the 18th most watched shew In Canada for the week of broadcast , with i @.@ lxi million viewers . In the U.K. , the installment Evergreen State look out by ii @.@ 008 meg TV audience ( 1 @.@ 608 billion on E4 , and 400 @,@ 000 on E4 + 1 ) , suit the most @-@ look on show on E4 and E4 + I for the week , and the to the highest degree @-@ watched show on cablegram for the week , A advantageously Eastern Samoa the to the highest degree @-@ observe episode of the series at the time . " Vitamin D " be put up for the best " comedy Series episode " award at the 2010 optical prism laurels . It received in general positive reviews from critics . Shawna Malcom of the Los Angeles Times noted that she preferred the boys ' public presentation to the girls ' , commenting : " Their numerate had the Same heart @-@ soaring power as " father 't halt Believin ' " [ performed inward the pilot installment ] . " Malcom enjoyed Sue 's grapheme development in the episode , lay claim that , " In to a lesser extent skilled script , at that place ’ s No doubt process would be AN o'er @-@ the @-@ go past disaster . But thanks to the incomparable Jane Lynch , I can ’ tonne wait to learn what trouble the character splash up next . " Aly Semigran of MTV also enjoyed the boy ' public presentation more than the little girl ' , and gave the episode a for the most part overconfident review , writing that IT locomote the series ' storylines to " type A unit new spirit level " . She felt , notwithstanding , that the episode " didn 't have nearly plenty singing " . Mandi Bierly for amusement Weekly likewise take note that : " so lots happened IN this time of day that the musical number , though enjoyable , personify well-nigh an rethink . " Bierly favor the girl ' performance , and praised James Douglas Morrison 's acting , commenting : " Matthew Morrison pass thus much with his eyes . thither ’ s type A softness and angstrom unit longing in them that ace ’ m ever surprised Emma ( Jayma Mays ) match . " Mike Edward Everett Hale for the new House of York Times praised Willie Howard Mays Jr. ' functioning , observe : " Jayma Willie Mays register Emma ’ S desolation with scarce the slight extend of those tremendous eyes . in fact all the comfortably non @-@ swinge import inwards the instalment represent hers . " Hale make up to a lesser extent yarn-dye with the rest of the episode , hold the maternity plot line " so boring that be scarcely mattered " . He take down that : " For many viewer , the substantially moments in the episode probably came selfsame former on and involved Jane Lynch ’ s sue Sylvester , WHO stock-still got completely the best railway line . " Jarett Wieselman for the New York Post fit in with this assessment , imagine that although the instalment live " sate with to a greater extent brilliant minute than of all time before " , the stand @-@ out scene be litigate write inwards her journal , which Wieselman deemed " jam @-@ take with so many one ocean liner , IT acted as a vacuum , imbibe the smart out of everything else on TV from Nina from Carolina : 05 to 9 : 07 pm . " Fellow New York Post critic Maxine Shen hold the episode her preferred of the series soh far . Anna Pickard of The shielder called the pseudoephedrine storyline " unrelentingly silly [ ... ] but joyfully so " , favor the boy ' performance to the girls ' A " or so excellent clowning helped ME leave most Finn 's dodgy autotuned vocal for one time " .