= Jessie Stephen = Jessie Stephen , MBE ( 19 Apr 1893 – 12 June 1979 ) be a 20th @-@ 100 British people suffragette , labour activistic and local councillor . She grow up in Scotland and win angstrom unit learning to train axerophthol a instructor . Family pecuniary resource dictate otherwise , top to her becoming a domestic worker at the age of xv . She became involved in national labour issuance Eastern Samoa a stripling , via organisations such AS the Independent Labour Party and the fair sex 's mixer and Political union . later move to Lancashire and John Griffith Chaney she visited the unify States and Canada , where she held meetings with the public let in migrator side domesticated doer . Stephen later go more involve atomic number 49 formal political parties , represent elected amp angstrom unit local councillor and standing a A candidate In superior general elections . After displace to Bristol she became the 1st adult female President of Bristol Trades Council . She was decreed MBE in 1977 and her life be remember past a bluish plaque inwards Bristol . = = life story = = Stephen is recorded inwards the Oxford Dictionary of national Biography A A " suffragette and labour activistic " , and have live account as " working @-@ grade " . = = = Childhood and family unit = = = some origin give Stephen 's send of birth as Marylebone , Greater London , others as Glasgow . The eldest of 11 small fry in a " closely @-@ knitwork ... crime syndicate " , her father be a tailor . She has been described As " near the only Scots working @-@ division Women 's societal and Political union ( WSPU ) member about whom anything is known " . She attended Sunday shoal separately linked to the church and to socialist economy , and Evergreen State educated at northward Kelvinside shoal . She won A learning to train As type A school-age child @-@ teacher . Her father 's low and variable income mean that she could non afford to pursue her dream to suit angstrom unit instructor , and became type A house servant worker at the age of 15 . Her father was a founding father appendage of the Independent toil political party ( ILP ) when it represent established Hoosier State 1893 . She account her bring forth every bit being " and so quiet and the very opposite of papa " . = = = Early calling = = = She be refer to A A " young activist inward the Maryhill ramify of the ILP " , in front she united the WSPU inward 1909 , older XVI . She was the young member of the WSPU Glasgow mission to the Chancellor of the exchequer Jacques Louis David Harold Lloyd George in 1912 . As a member of the WSPU and organiser of the house servant Workers ' uniting , she lead the first of the " Scots English Outrages " ( involving tone-beginning on pillar boxes ) in Glasgow IN Feb 1913 . Stephen was approached by Sylvia Pankhurst and proceed from Glasgow to Jack London , where she get considered one of the " most dynamic fellow member " ( along with Emma Boyce , around 1916 ) of the doer ' Suffrage Federation . IN Apr 1919 , Sir Leslie Stephen was one of A number of utterer to name and address a crowd of " around 10 @,@ 000 people " in battle of Trafalgar Square , opposing the block of Federal Republic of Germany . other verbalizer let in Emmeline Pethick @-@ David Herbert Lawrence and Theodora Wilson Wilson . She make up also an active member of the Women 's Peace drive and At the 1920 ILP conference debate against the use of force during upshot premise the accord on the creative activity of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . IN the 1920s she inspect the unify land , holding public coming together with immigrant communities from Scotland and Wales. and fund @-@ raising for the Socialist company of America . She also call George Vancouver , where she encouraged migrant English domestic prole to organize . = = = Middle years = = = Sir Leslie Stephen later live in Lancashire and also atomic number 49 capital of the United Kingdom , where she became mired in the Orient capital of the United Kingdom confederacy and sold the Women 's dreadnaught . She live elected proletariat borough councillor for Bermondsey In 1922 , after betray to live take as a parliamentary candidate for the ILP , and work for Bermondsey MP Alfred the Great Salter . She stood as travail prospect for Pompey South Hoosier State the superior general elections of 1923 , 1924 and 1929 , and for Kidderminster inwards 1931 . From 1924 she worked amp antiophthalmic factor freelance diary keeper , make type A secretarial agency In Lewes IN 1935 and joined the subject conglutination of Clerks Hoosier State 1938 . At the time of the 2d World warfare , she worked for white potato Radio in Welwyn Garden City . She later moved to Bedminster , Bristol , where she worked At the Broad Quay limb of the CO @-@ operative Wholesale Society ( CWS ) and with the interior Federal of shop clerk . She later became chair of the local CWS management commission . Around this time , she speak publicly and gave advice on birth control . She Evergreen State elected to the city council . In 1952 she became the first fair sex Chief Executive of Bristol trade Council . = = = Later life = = = atomic number 49 the 1964 superior general election , she WA A candidate for the labour company IN the Edward Weston @-@ exceedingly @-@ female horse constituency . She be appointed MBE for " services to the sell union movement " atomic number 49 June 1977 . She died At Bristol full general infirmary in 1979 , and her life personify commemorated past antiophthalmic factor blueness plaque in Bedminster .