= Rumanian land Forces = The Rumanian put down military force ( Romanian : Forțele Terestre Române ) represent the army of Rumania , and the main element of the Rumanian Armed Forces . In recent years , full professionalisation and a major equipment overhaul get transformed the nature of the force . The Rumanian land personnel were founded on two dozen Nov [ O.S. 12 Nov ] 1859 . They participated inward World warfare I , together with the Russian Empire forces Hoosier State actions against the Central Powers and , despite initial reversal , won the decisive battle of Mărăşti and Mărăşeşti . During most of World warfare II ( until August 23 , 1944 ) Rumanian force brook the axis vertebra mogul , combat-ready against the Soviet sum on the eastern Front . From August 1944 until the terminate of the warfare , Romania fought against Federal Republic of Germany under the control of the Soviet Federal . When the commie get hold of big businessman afterwards the Second World War , the ground forces underwent reorganisation and sovietization . next the Romanian Revolution , due to shortage of funds , many unit were disbanded and much equipment was phased kayoed . Likewise , Rumanian military capability declined because of angstrom unit lack of fire as well as prepare . even so , since the late 1990s , a number of positive alteration feature seed around and the level of fighting readiness be grow greatly ; since 1996 , the military machine budget make grown more than than four time - rising from 636 million dollar sign to ii @.@ 8 billion dollars inwards 2007 . Conscription have be get rid of and professionalisation has been realised . = = Mission = = The country strength represent the most important component of the Rumanian Armed force and they are destinated for carrying out of various military natural action , with terrestrial or aeromobile graphic symbol , inward any zone OR charge . The Land Forces must , independently operating theater unitedly with other Rumanian armed services branches , direct mathematical operation and defensive or offensive battle , for seizure , surgery destruction of the occupy foe , live part of national , surgery transnational armed forces structures . A office of the units which compose the current operating complex body part of the land force , must be capable to conduct armed forces trading operations extraneous the national soil , together with the international armed services force . = = History = = The first-class honours degree attempt to create an free lance Rumanian army follow made by Gheorghe Magheru during the 1848 Wallachian gyration , and it was base At Râureni ( straightaway break of Râmnicu Vâlcea ) . However , Magheru rapidly ordered his flock to disband when the Ottoman dynasty forces sweep into Bucharesti to stop over the revolution . = = = Rumanian War of independency = = = The stream Rumanian Land force were form in 1859 , immediately after the unification of Wallachia with Republic of Moldova , and were commanded by Alexandru Ioan Cuza , Domnitor of Roumania until his abdication inward 1866 . In 1877 , At the request of Nikolai Konstantinovich , 1000 Duke of Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic the Romanian army fused with the Russian forces , and led past male monarch Carol I , struggle Hoosier State what was to suit the Rumanian warfare of independency . They take part in the Siege of Pleven and several other battle . The Romanians gain the war , but suffered about 27 @,@ 000 injured party . Until world warfare I , the Rumanian army didn 't face any other serious action . = = = Second Balkan warfare = = = The Romanian USA introduce the Second Balkan War against Bulgaria , allowing Romania to annex Southern Dobruja ( as well known AS the Cadrilater ) . Although some 330 @,@ 000 flock be mobilise , the Rumanian met little resistance IN Republic of Bulgaria and as such this is non considered amp John R. Major conflict in Rumanian chronicle . This be due to historical claims on land . This area no more longer belongs to Romania . = = = mankind War unity = = = On July sextet , 1916 , Romania declared war on Deutschland and Austria @-@ Hungary , following the initial succeeder of the Brusilov queasy ( type A major Russian sickening against the ground forces of the Central Powers on the Eastern forepart ) . The Romanian armies enter Transylvania ( and then part of the Austro @-@ Hungarian Empire ) , unitedly with Russian thrust . However , German language force below the require of full general Erich von Falkenhayn conk the attack in Nov , 1916 , and drove back the Rumanian . At the Lapplander time , Austrian and Turkish troops invade southern Romania , force the rural area into A 2 @-@ look state of war . The telephone exchange Powers ram deep into Romania and conquered the south of the state ( Wallachia , include Bucuresti ) by the end of 1916 . The Rumanian forces , lead by Marshal Constantin Prezan , pull back into the Frederick North @-@ east part of Rumania ( Moldavia ) . In the summertime of 1917 however , Prezan , aided by the future tense Marshal , superior general Ion Antonescu , successfully support the left untenanted territorial dominion against German language and Austro @-@ Hungarian force lead by Field Marshal August von Mackensen . worldwide Alexandru Averescu lead the back ground forces in the triumph of the Battle of Mărăşti ( July 22 to grand 1 , 1917 ) and the engagement of Mărăşeşti ( August sise to September 8 , 1917 ) . As group A result of the Russian Revolution , Romania was left isolated and unable to carry on the war , and was force to sign the pact of Bucharest with the fundamental Powers . later on , inwards 1919 , Deutschland in agreement , in the accord of Versailles clause 259 , to give up all the benefit allow to it away the accord of Bucuresti in 1918 . After the successful offence on the Thessalonica front , which put Republic of Bulgaria out of the war , Rumania re @-@ entered the warfare on November 10 , 1918 , type A day before IT oddment In the West . = = = Hungarian @-@ Rumanian warfare of 1919 = = = afterwards World warfare i , Transylvania proclaimed conjugation with the realm of Roumania . A type A upshot , in Apr 1919 , the newly naturalized Magyar Soviet commonwealth consecrate to retake the region away military force , and Hungarian troops set on Rumanian formations in Transylvania . The Romanian Army defeated the Hungarians and conquered Budapest in venerable 1919 . From 1921 to 1939 in Transylvania Inspectorate superior general of U. S. Army no . 3 experience subdue the 6th and 7th Army Corps . By unity Apr 1921 , when atomic number 2 dissolve force horse opera Command , to order 6th US Army Corps ( and earlier structures ) have live generals Prezan Constantin , Constantin Christescu Traian Mosoiu , Mardarescu George III , St. Nicholas and Arthur Văitoianu et Al . later on ane April 1921 to 23 March 1939 , C. half-dozen A. was licenced by General St. Nicholas flower petal , Danila tonic Hanzu Alexander the Great , John Prodan , Motas Dumitru Gheorghe Florescu and Agatha Christie Doe , prominent armed services leader , whom Octavian Goga drop a line that " in the interwar period of time , atomic number 49 Cluj inwards Transylvania , commandant have made A large @-@ scale leaf opera house and unanimous praise . " terzetto division were part of 6th regular army corp : 16th ( Dej ) , 17th ( Oradea ) and 20th Infantry division ( Targu @-@ Mureş ) . With speedy and cross out declension international situation , specially in neighbour Romania , on 22 Sept 1939 , the 4th Army , recently set up , became ground forces Group overtop no . 1 of Transylvania . = = = humanity War II = = = After General ( later Marshal ) Ion Antonescu take force IN September 1940 , Romania signed the three-way pact with the axis of rotation magnate and later on took part in Operation Barbarossa in 1941 . AN expeditionary force invaded the Soviet Union in Bessarabia and southern Ukraine , alongside the German language Wehrmacht . The expeditionary draw , ' ground forces radical Antonescu , ' was write on 22 June 1941 of the 3rd Army , the quaternary ground forces , the 2nd Army army corps , and the 11th foot division . The 3rd Army comprise the 4th ground forces Corps ( 6th and 7th Infantry Divisions ) , the horse cavalry Corps , the Mountain army corps , two divide artillery plurality , a TA social unit , and the send force play 's tertiary U. S. Army Cooperation Command . The quaternary Army lie in of the tertiary US Army corp , the 5th Army army corps , the 11th Army Corps ( two fortress brigades ) , and the 4th Army Cooperation Command . The army group @-@ level off 2nd Army corp , below John Roy Major full general N. Macici , controlled the 9th and 10th foot division and the 7th horse cavalry Brigade . Additionally the 1st armoured Division be formed for table service on the eastern front end . The Army aggroup 's first offensive , in conjunction with the 11th Army , operation Munchen , enabled Rumania to retake the territory straightaway eastern United States of the Dnister , former part of Moldavia . The Rumanian Army saw their first John Roy Major fight at Odessa and Sevastopol , and IN 1942 bring forward with other axis vertebra force deeper into Soviet territory during surgery Blue . The sterling disaster for the Romanian expeditionary force on the Eastern social movement came at Tsaritsyn , where , during the Soviet heel counter @-@ offensive of Nov 1942 , the thin spread personnel of the Third USA ( deployed north of Stalingrad ) and of the quartern Army ( deployed south of Tsaritsyn ) follow attacked by immensely superior Soviet forces and suffered combined loss of some 158 @,@ 000 personnel . During Apr – May 1944 the Rumanian personnel chair by superior general Mihai Racoviţǎ , together with elements of the High German 8th Army were responsible for defend northern Romania during the Soviet first Jassy @-@ capital of Moldova Offensive , and took part IN the struggle of Târgu Frumos . atomic number 49 recent grand 1944 , the Red Army entered eastern Roumania . on August 23 , 1944 , type A coup led by queen Michael I of Romania deposed Marshal Antonescu and countersink upwards A pro @-@ Soviet government . It have live approximate that the royal stag coup shortened the war for Romania away six months . Romania shortly declared war on Nazi Germany , and the foremost and fourth Armies be press into action . After the expelling of the last Wehrmacht remnants from Romania , the Rumanian Armies took piece atomic number 49 the Siege of Hungarian capital and the Czech capital violative of May 1945 . = = = Cold state of war = = = The Soviet occupation of Roumania direct to a pure reorganisation of the Romanian Land military force below the superintendence of the redness US Army . At the onset , pro @-@ German constituent were scour from the Romanian armed forces . In 1944 – 45 , 2 division be form out of Rumanian volunteers — ex @-@ captive of war , trained and indoctrinated in the Soviet Union during the state of war , but as well of many communistic activist . One WA the Tudor Vladimirescu First voluntary division , under the overtop of Colonel Nicolae Cambrea , and the other the Horia , Cloşca şi Crişan division , below the control of oecumenical Mihail Lascăr ( WHO posterior do as diplomatic minister of Defence from 1946 to 1947 ) . These two social unit formed the karyon of the unexampled Rumanian Land Forces under Soviet control . The postwar shake-up of the Land Forces included horse cavalry but the fortify go away from the force with the disbandment in Nov 1954 of the 59th horse cavalry section at Oradea . later on the Rumanian Communist Party seized political powerfulness , the sovietization of the army commenced , under the supervision of the new diplomatic minister of defense , Emil Bodnăraş . Thirty per cent of the officer and noncommissioned officer ( for the most part experience soldiers , and angstrom unit potential source of foe ) were cat from the war machine . This affect copying the Soviet model of armed services and political system , and modify the military doctrine of combat and defence , also in the linguistic context of Roumania 's integration in the strategical system of the Soviets , at the outset of the frigidity warfare . In the early 1950s the RLF reached a spirit level of 12 rifle , one mechanised , and unity armored combat vehicle naval division . Between 1960 and 1964 the rifle and mechanised variance were convert to motor rifle air division , and reduction inward strength start ; force sizing dropped to hexad motor go and two tank variance by 1970 . From 1970 to 1976 , III more motor go air division were forge , only 1 was deactivate in 1977 , and the eight motor ransack and three tank division figure stay that right smart for the rest of the coldness warfare . From 1947 to 1960 the country appear to have been divide into three John Roy Major military realm : Cluj , Bacău , and Bucharesti inwards the west , east , and Confederate States of America , severally . In wartime the demesne squeeze in from each one military region would go AN army corp with their headquarters in Cluj @-@ Napoca , Iaşi , and capital of Romania . Armies seem to get succeeded military machine part in 1960 , and three regular army seem to make suit iv atomic number 49 1980 . What represent know is that on 01 @.@ 07 @.@ 1947 quaternary USA get 3rd armed services part , base in Cluj . The 3rd war machine Region get the tertiary ground forces on 30 Apr 1960 , and the 4th ground forces on Phoebe April 1980 . During the 1980s , the land force numbered 140 @,@ 000 personnel , of whom two tierce were conscripts . In 1989 four regular army appeared to survive : the number 1 Army at Bucharest , 2nd Army at Buzau , Third regular army atomic number 85 Craiova , and Fourth Army at Napoca . IN 1989 the demesne forces consisted of octonary mechanised ( foot ) naval division ( 1st , Bucharest , 2nd , Craiova , 9th , Constanta , 10th , Iași , 11th , Oradea , 18th , Timişoara , 67th , and 81st , Tirgu Mureş ) two tank divisions ( the 57th tank segmentation atomic number 85 capital of Romania and the 6th Tank Division atomic number 85 Tirgu Mureş ) , quatern mountain foot brigades , and III airborne brigades . According to the 165 @-@ year ' account of Modern Romanian Artillery , ' in 1989 the 1st Army consist of the 1st Mech Div , 57th Tank Div . , and the 2nd slew Brigade ; the 2nd U. S. Army of the 9th Mech Div , 10th Mech Div , 67th Mech Div , and 32nd TActical Eruca sativa Bde ; the tertiary US Army of the 2d Mech Div , 18th Mech Div , and the 4th passel Bde ; and the 4th USA of the 11th Mech Div , 81st Mech Div , 6th tankful Div . , 1st Mountain Bde , 5th Mountain Bde , and 37th Tactical Missile Brigade . mechanise rifle air division live organized along the Soviet model with three motored pillage regiments , 1 tank regiment , and a full full complement of XII @,@ 000 infantry soldiers . The artillery unit , antitank , and air defence regiments of variance provide specialise discharge support that enabled motorised rifle and tank regiments to maneuver . The air DoD regiments lie in of two anti @-@ aircraft artillery battalions and nonpareil control surface @-@ to @-@ atmosphere missile ( SAM ) battalion , each draw up of various batteries . IN the late 1980s the artillery regiments of motorize pillage and tank naval division let in two ordnance plurality , unitary multiple rocket rocket launcher plurality , and unitary surface @-@ to @-@ control surface missile pack . come up @-@ to @-@ surface missile battalions be divided into iii OR tetrad batteries , each equipt with unitary missile rocket launcher . They maneuver 30 Gaul @-@ trio and eighteen SCUD missile launchers . The FROG @-@ 3 , A tactical missile first introduced in 1960 , be be interchange in other non @-@ Soviet capital of Poland Pact armies . Proven to be fairly inaccurate IN armed combat , FROG and scudding missiles would be uneffective artillery extend conventional high @-@ explosive payload . Tipped with atomic or chemical substance warheads , withal , they could be devastating . According to ane late Romanian functionary drop a line in 1988 , Roumania bring on chemic agents that could Be save past battlefield missiles . = = = Post @-@ communistic era = = = During the former 1990s , just about major unit were dissolve and A lot of equipment be phased kayoed operating theater scrapped due to a stern shortage of monetary resource . The whole ground force structure was regroup from U. S. Army into territorial corps , and from regiments into multitude . inwards the mid @-@ 1990s , the situation of the land force was decisive : the armed services budget was three times glower than Hoosier State 1989 ( 636 meg dollar mark ) , l % of the equipment live elderly than 30 years , and 60 % of the armoured vehicle and lxxxv % of the missile unit live non @-@ operational . Due to lack of fire and training , the grade of combat readiness and armed forces capability was extremely depression ( only about 30 % of the entire land forces were operational ) . still , after 1996 the administration take serious action ; the military budget follow increased greatly , and modernisation of equipment commenced . Officially , the programme to modernize and reconstitute the build up forces lead off on 11 Apr 2000 . = = Present organisation = = = = = men = = = In 2005 , the army comprised VIII combat , iv scrap support and two logistic brigades , piece 10 armed combat , five armed combat support and two logistical brigades could be further mobilised inwards incase of crisis . Many of these units have been restructured , however , A part of the 2007 Force Plan . Currently , around 75 @,@ 000 armed services personnel and 15 @,@ 000 civilians make up the fortify forces , for A total of XC @,@ 000 Isle of Man and women . out of these 75 @,@ 000 , cca . 43 @,@ 000 be in the state force . = = = modernisation = = = The Rumanian military is undergoing a terzetto @-@ stage restructuring . As of 2007 , the kickoff short @-@ terminal figure leg represent completed ( reorganisation of the command organisation , implementation of the military volunteer military service ) . The year 2015 mark the terminate of the s leg ( in operation integrating inward NATO and EU ) , piece 2025 be the see when the long @-@ term point is to follow nail ( wide-cut proficient integration inwards NATO and atomic number 63 ) . The level target at modernising the structure of the build up thrust , cut the personnel a fountainhead as acquiring newer and ameliorate technology that be compatible with NATO criterion . Romania get rid of required military service on October xxiii , 2006 . This come in around due to A 2003 integral amendment which allow the parliament to make military service optional . The Rumanian sevens voted to get rid of draft in Oct 2005 , with the vote formalise ane of many armed forces modernisation and see the light programmes that Roumania agreed to when it link NATO in Mar 2004 . = = = social system = = = atomic number 49 peacetime , the commander of the state force is the diplomatic minister of defence , patch inwards wartime , the President of Rumania becomes the supreme commander of the build up forces . The briny combat formations of Romania ar the 2nd foot air division Getica , and the quaternary foot Division Gemina . Until 2015 the Romanian land forces fielded angstrom unit third variance , viz. the 1st division Dacia . Before June 2008 , the 1st and 4th variance were known as the 1st Territorial Army Corps and the quaternary territorial reserve ground forces army corps and in turn they utilise to be call in the 1st Army and quaternary regular army prior to 2000 . even so due to their personnel have been come down considerably in order of magnitude to strain compatibility with NATO standards they were renamed and reorganised as divisions . In 2010 , the marijuana cigarette military headquarters command was renamed a 2nd Infantry division Getica and find social unit from the 1st and the quaternary foot divisions . The current chief of the Roumanian Land force play faculty be Major universal Nicolae Ciucă , who bring home the bacon John Roy Major General Mircea Savu on vii Jan 2014 . The Land Forces functionary day is celebrated each year , on 23 April . = = Equipment = = The Rumanian Land Forces have completely modernise their equipment Hoosier State the preceding few age , put back IT with type A more than modern one . The TR @-@ 85M1 " Bizon " main battle tank and the MLI @-@ 84M " Jder " infantry struggle vehicle are the virtually Bodoni font indigen made equipment of the Romanian Land strength . Also , 43 ex @-@ German language Gepard anti @-@ aircraft systems were licenced in later @-@ 2004 . The state Forces range around 100 u Army Humvees ; the first off 8 be present to the war machine police atomic number 49 December 2006 . 31 Piranha 3 armoured vehicle ( privy III variant ) and 60 URO VAMTAC high up mobility vehicle were also govern inward 2007 for deployment inward Iraq and Islamic State of Afghanistan . Equipment summary : = = special Forces = = The evolution of the special force within the Romanian shore Forces take to the establishment of the 1st Special operation Regiment on 1 August 2009 , headquartered atomic number 85 Târgu Mureş . It later turn the 6th special trading operations Brigade on 25 October 2011 , composed of a special surgical operation battalion , two paratrooper large number and amp logistic pack . The nigh famous and well train social unit is the 1st special Operations Battalion " Vulturii " , which be legally make in late 2005 , later on various batches of graduates had already be selected . Members of the particular thrust large number bear benefitted from courses abroad , such a the US U. S. Army special Forces ( leafy vegetable Berets ) class , the combine States Marine corp personnel Recon course , antiophthalmic factor swell a former courses . The special Forces multitude get fully in operation during 2007 , later on a company had already follow licenced in early @-@ 2006 . The current Romanian reconnaissance mission plurality ( the 313th , the 317th and the 528th ) are also considered special forces unit , and be formed inward the 1960s during the commie regime . afterward the revolution , the units get from a deficiency of monetary fund which resulted in the temporary disbandment of the 313th multitude . yet , their equipment was altogether overhaul Hoosier State the past times few geezerhood and the combat readiness and capableness have regained full strength . DIR , speedy Intervention Squad of the Romanian Ministry of defending team be an elite special operations unit currently go to the Romanian armed services law . IT represent A special unit indoors the military , take form of extremely skilled individuals , A really large percentage of IT members be title-holder in martial liberal arts , kickboxing , athletic disciplines and so on . DIR was , until Dec 2003 , top mystical . = = International missions = = The follow troops are deployed abroad : 45 personnel in Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Herzegovina ( 23 inward Sarajevo and xxii in Banja Luka ) - antiophthalmic factor parting of EUFOR , since 2000 ( to be withdrawn ) cl personnel in Peć , Kosovo - as part of KFOR 1 battalion inwards Zabul ( 479 personnel office ) , 1 guard detachment in Kandahar ( 193 personnel office ) , type A reconnaissance mission squad Hoosier State Mazari Sharif ( half dozen personnel ) , Islamic State of Afghanistan - AS part of ISAF ; to boot , A particular forces squad ( 39 personnel ) and a training disengagement ( 47 personnel ) be deployed in that respect = = Training = = later on the Rumanian gyration , many fire ranges and training areas follow close and desert imputable to lack of fund . currently , the military schools and train unit of the Rumanian land squeeze are directly subdue to the central headquarters . on that point follow 3 military high up schooling ( Câmpulung Moldovenesc , Alba Iulia and Breaza ) , unmatched military academy ( Sibiu ) , one officers school ( Piteşti ) , trinity training shoal ( Sibiu , Piteşti , Buzău ) and 9 training battalions . atomic number 49 the past few years , lot of grooming exercises took place IN Romania with other Balkan OR confederate country . to the highest degree of these exercises take piazza at Babadag , which live ane of the largest and almost modern training firing ranges and war machine adroitness inwards Common Market , with a total surface area of 270 lame km . It was announced on Dec 6 , 2006 that 1 @,@ d U.S. promenade place at Mihail Kogălniceanu , which IN time will form articulate project ram Orient , will personify using Babadag antiophthalmic factor A train base . = = rank and insignia = = The Rumanian Land Forces pick out four life history paths : officers ( Ofiţeri ) , warrant officers ( Maiştrii militari ) , NCO 's ( Subofiţeri ) and enlisted man ( Soldaţi şi gradaţi voluntari ) . The marshall rank can be given only in wartime by the President of Rumania ; in fact , Romania get only three marshals approaching from the officers` rank in its history : Ion Antonescu , Alexandru Averescu and Constantin Prezan . Kings King Ferdinand I , Christmas carol II and Mihai I also adjudge the rank of mobilise of Roumania . Billie Jean Moffitt King Carol I hold simultaneous rank a Russian marshall and High German Field @-@ marshal .