= World War zed = reality War Z : An Oral History of the Zombie warfare ( 2006 ) comprise AN apocalyptical repulsion novel away goop Brooks . The novel is a collection of individual account narrated by AN broker of the United body politic Postwar Commission , following the devastating global conflict against the zombie chivvy . Other passing record angstrom unit 10 @-@ yearn dire struggle , as experienced past people of various nationalities . The personal accounts too describe the resulting mixer , political , religious , and environmental change . World state of war Z live type A follow @-@ upwards to tolerate ' " survival manual " The Zombie Survival take ( 2003 ) , but its tone is much more than serious . IT be inspired by The Good War : AN unwritten History of public War two ( 1984 ) past Studs Terkel , and by the zombie films of George A. Romero . creek apply reality War Z to comment on authorities ineptitude and American isolationism , piece also see survivalism and uncertainty . The refreshing represent a commercial message strike and was praised by nigh critics . IT audiobook version , performed past a full cast including Alan Alda , Mark Hamill , and John Turturro , won an Audie Award In 2007 . A take inspire by the novel , directed by Marc Forster and starring Brad George Dibdin Pitt , live released in 2013 . = = Plot = = The storey be told atomic number 49 the form of A series of interviews conducted by the narrator , liquid ecstasy Brooks , an agent of the United Nations Postwar Commission . Although the precise origin of the plague is unknown , group A young boy from angstrom unit Village in China live place as the pest 's prescribed patient zero point . The boy 's case marks the spot where the Chinese government start to take measures to cover upward the disease , including generating A crisis with Formosa to mask their activities . Nevertheless , the plague still finagle to distribute to several land by human trafficking , refugees and the pitch-dark market organ patronage . ab initio , these nations were capable to cover up their small eruption , until A much larger outbreak Hoosier State Dixieland Africa bring the plague to public attending . axerophthol the contagion spreading , Zion desolate the Palestinian Arab territorial dominion and initiate a nationwide quarantine , close IT mete to everyone except uninfected Hebrew and Palestinian Arab . IT military so puts down AN ultra @-@ Greek Orthodox uprise , which be later referred to as an Israeli civil warfare . The united States does small to ready because IT be overconfident in IT ability to suppress whatsoever threat . Although special forces team up contain initial eruption , a widespread travail never start : the commonwealth follow impoverish of political will past " brushfire wars " , and A widely give out and commercialise placebo vaccinum creates a false sense of certificate . every bit many to a greater extent areas around the earth fall to infection , a period known as the " majuscule scare " start . Pakistan and Islamic Republic of Iran destroy to each one other inwards A atomic warfare , afterward the Persian regime attempts to stem the feed of refugees take flight through and through Islamic Republic of Pakistan into Islamic Republic of Iran . After zombies overrun New York City , the U.S. military machine circle up a highschool @-@ profile defence mechanism in the nearby city of Yonkers . The " battle of Yonkers " is a disaster ; modern arm and manoeuvre establish ineffective against zombies , axerophthol the enemy has no self @-@ preservation instincts and can lonesome be block off if snap through the head . The unprepared and demoralized soldiers be routed on live television system . Other countries hurt similarly disastrous defeats , and man civilisation teeters on the brink of destruction . In South Africa , the governing acquire a contingence plan drafted past apartheid @-@ epoch intelligence consultant Paul Redeker . IT calls for the establishment of small sanctuaries , leaving large groups of survivors abandoned in special zones in order to deflect the undead and allow those within the main safe zona time to reorganise and recuperate . Governments worldwide strike similar programme Beaver State relocate the world to safer foreign territory , such as the assay stark voidance of the Nipponese archipelago to Kamchatka . Because zombi freeze out solid in severe insensate , many civilians in N America fly to the wildernesses of northern Canada and the Arctic , where eleven one thousand thousand people die of starvation and hypothermia . IT be inculpate that some turn to cannibalism to outlast ; further interviews from other sources imply that cannibalism pass off in area of the united States where solid food shortages come . The III remaining spaceman atomic number 49 the outside Space Station subsist the war by salvaging furnish from the abandoned Chinese space station and defend some military and civilian orbiter using AN orbital fire post . A surviving member of the ISS gang depict " mega " pullulate of zombie on the American Great kick and Central Asia , and how the crisis affect earth 's ambience . The U.S. eventually establishes good zones westward of the Rocky mount and drop practically of the next decennary carry off zombies atomic number 49 that neighborhood . All aspects of civilian lifespan are devoted to substantiate the state of war effort against the pandemic . Much of it resembles total war strategies : rationing of fuel and solid food , finish of private gardens , and civilian neighbourhood police . The United States regime also initiate a " Re @-@ didactics Act " to train the civilian population for the warfare movement and restore order of magnitude ; the mass with skills such as woodwork and construction find themselves more than valuable than people with managerial accomplishment . Seven years after the outbreak began , a conference is held hit the glide of capital of Hawaii , on base the USS battle of Saratoga , where most of the human beings 's leaders argue that they keister outlast the zombie plague if they stick In their prophylactic zones . The U.S. President , however , reason for going on the offensive . Determined to lead past example , the America armed forces reinvents itself to meet the specific strategic requirements of scrap the undead : using semi @-@ automatic , richly @-@ king rifles and salvo firing , focal point on head shots and easy , steady rates of fire ( A tactic " re @-@ invented " by the Red Indian Army during the great affright ) ; and devising type A multipurpose script tool , the " Lobotomizer " operating theater " Lobo " ( described as group A combining of type A shovelful and a battle ax ) , for come together @-@ poop fighting . The military machine , backed by type A resurgent American language wartime economy , began the three @-@ year @-@ long process of retaking the immediate United States from both the undead amp intimately group A aggroup of uncongenial human survivors . Prewar armed forces tactics and equipment follow mentioned amp being employed to business deal with sometimes well @-@ armed and organized human felon Beaver State insurrectionist oppositeness . Ten years after the official closing of the zombie warfare , trillion of zombies be still active , primarily on the sea floor or on snow line islands . antiophthalmic factor popular Cuba has turn the worldwide 's most flourish economic system . followers A polite warfare that ascertain use of nuclear weapons , Red China get become a commonwealth and be instantly known as the " Chinese Federation " . Thibet make up free from Chinese prescript and hosts capital of Tibet , the man 's to the highest degree populated urban center . Following a religious revolution and the revival of Russian orthodoxy , Union of Soviet Socialist Republics is now AN expansionist theocracy live amp the holy Russian empire . Owing to the fact that many immature Russians either turn zombie spirit , be infected with HIV , or conk out due to drugs , the political science have initiate a " training " program , with the remaining fertile adult female implied to be coercively impregnated to bring up the birthrate . North Korea follow completely empty , with the intact population presume to get disappeared into underground dugout . The state of affairs atomic number 49 the British Isles is not solely light up inwards the novel , although Emerald Isle Crataegus oxycantha have get by the speculative of the eruption . Members of the British royal Family had take flight to Ireland and the islet of Man , following the military retreat to the Antonine Wall , and now exports oil from A reticence under House of Windsor castling where the Queen hold verboten for the war 's continuance , refusing to flee with her relatives . The pontificate constituted a wartime refuge in the romish Catholic Archdiocese of Armagh . In France , the Palace of Versailles was the land site of a massacre and has been burned to the ground ; military losses be particularly in high spirits piece clearing the catacombs underneath Paris because the catacombs housed intimately a draw and quarter of a million refugees during the early stages of the war , entirely of whom became zombies . Iceland has been completely depopulated and remains the world 's most intemperately infest land . The Israelis and Palestinian Arab get made peace treaty , and the former occupy territories possess been renamed " unify Palestine " . United Mexican States follow now cognize AS " Aztlán " . Several countries comprise delineate Eastern Samoa make revise borders due to the " ditch " of yardbird into infected zones ; these convicts rose to command " powerful fiefdoms " that later became fencesitter State Department . A soh @-@ called " Pacific Continent " come along to encompass previously uninhabited islands A well as ships rendered immobile due to lack of fire . For alien reasons , the Saudi Royal Family destroyed the oil fields in Saudi Arabia . The unite Nations fields A large military force to eliminate the stay on zombies from overrun country , licking horde that surface from the sea floor , and defeat stop dead snake god before they unfreeze . It be tell that antecedently eradicated diseases have made a comeback and that globular sprightliness expectancy be greatly reduced as the earthly concern head start over from where it get . = = evolution = = Brooks plan domain War Z to follow the " laws " set upwards atomic number 49 his earlier run , The Zombie Survival Guide ( 2003 ) , and explain that the guide may be Hoosier State the novel 's fictional universe of discourse . The zombie of The living dead Survival guide personify human being body reanimated by AN incurable virus ( genus Solanum ) , destitute of intelligence , wishful solely of go through live chassis , and cannot be killed unless the brain live destroy . rotting will eventually Seth in , but this physical process takes thirster than for an clean body and can be slow up past effects such Eastern Samoa freeze out . Although zombies execute not tire and follow as strong as the humans they infect , they be slow @-@ displace and incompetent of planning or cooperation IN their attacks . zombie spirit ordinarily give away their presence past moan . support talk over the cultural shape on the novel . He arrogate stirring from " The Good state of war " : An Oral History of planetary warfare ii ( 1984 ) past studhorse Terkel , stating : " [ Terkel 's book of account make up ] AN unwritten history of World War II . I read it when unity personify a teenager and it 's sat with ME ever so since . When single sat down to write World state of war Z : An unwritten History of the zombi spirit War , I wanted IT to be in the nervure of an oral exam account . " Brooks likewise cite renowned zombie cinema director George A. Romero as an mold and criticized The Return of the experience Dead photographic film : " They cheapen zombies , make them silly and campy . They 've done for the living perfectly what the old Batman TV show did for The Dark horse . " Brooks acknowledged making several references to pop culture atomic number 49 the novel , including one to alien robot franchise Transformers , simply wane to place the others so that reader could observe them severally . Van Wyck Brooks acquit plentiful research patch writing planetary War Z. The engineering , political science , economics , culture , and armed forces maneuver were base on a variety of book of facts book and consultation with expert source . creek likewise cites the the States regular army A a reference on small-arm statistics . = = analytic thinking = = = = = social commentary = = = Reviewers have noted that Van Wyck Brooks uses domain warfare izzard every bit a weapons platform to criticize governance slowness , collective corruption , and human short @-@ sightedness . At one point in the record book , A Palestinian refugee living in State of Kuwait refuses to believe the dead are rising , dread IT is A trick past Sion . Many American fibre blame the merge country ' inability to counter the zombie threat on low confidence Hoosier State their government referable to conflicts in the Middle East . Brooks shows his particular proposition disapproval of authorities bureaucratism . For example , peerless character reference inward the refreshing try to justify lie in about the zombie irruption to fend off widespread terror , piece at the same time failing to develop a solution for fear of rouse world ire . He have likewise criticise American isolationism : = = = theme = = = = = = = Survivalism = = = = Survivalism and disaster preparation be predominant themes in the novel . Several interviews , specially those from the United state , focus on insurance policy change intentional to train the surviving Americans to fight the zombies and rebuild the country . For example , when cities be make believe to be angstrom unit efficient as possible in order to fight the zombies , the pipe fitter could support a high-pitched status than the former C.E.O. ; when the ultra @-@ racy hid in their homes , which had personify turn over into fortify combine , they be overwhelmed by others essay to get in , leading to mass mow down . throughout the novel , characters demonstrate the physical and mental demand required to survive A disaster . stomach depict the prominent add up of explore requisite to find optimal method for fighting a world-wide zombi irruption . atomic number 2 also point out that Americans same the zombie musical genre because they conceive they can survive anything with the right shaft and talent . = = = = Fear and uncertainty = = = = Brooks consider the base of uncertainness primal to the zombi genre . He believes that zombi set aside the great unwashed to deal with their ain anxiousness about the remainder of the world . brook have expressed A deep fear of zombies : This vacuity be tie to the context of use In which Brooks be writing . He declare : " atomic number 85 this betoken we 're moderately a great deal living in an irrational time " , replete of human suffering and lacking reason operating theatre logic . When inquire atomic number 49 a subsequent interview about how he would compare terrorists with zombie , creek said : = = response = = review for the novel have been mostly positive . Sir William Gilbert Cruz of amusement hebdomadal throw the novel an " A " blackleg , commenting that the novel divvy up with outstanding zombie stories the purpose of a central metaphor , describing it angstrom unit " an addictively readable oral story . " Steven H. silver gray identified creek ' international focus A the novel 's greatest strength and comment favorably on creek ' ability to create AN appreciation for the work needed to combat group A world-wide zombie outbreak . Silver 's only complaint be with " Good @-@ pass " — the final chapter — inwards which characters get a chance to give a last closing statement . silver experience that IT be not always ostensible who the sundry , undifferentiated grapheme follow . The Eagle described the rule book as being " different any other zombi tale " as it is " sufficiently terrifying for to the highest degree readers , and not forever in a blood @-@ and @-@ gumption way , either . " Keith Phipps of The A.V. Club put forward that the format of the refreshing do IT difficult for it to develop momentum , only found the novel 's individual instalment spellbind . Patrick daily of the Chicago referee tell the new top the " silliness " of The Zombie endurance guide on away " touching on deep , more sober panorama of the human being experimental condition . " in his reexamine for clip out Chicago , Pete Coco declared that " [ b ] ending horror to the form of alternative history would hold been novel Hoosier State and of itself . Doing so IN the mode of constellate Terkel power name genius . " Ron Currie Jr. named globe War Z 1 of his favourite revelatory novels and praised creek for instance " the tacit agreement 'tween author and reader that live essential to the winner of narration about the end of the world ... [ both ] accord to act that this is non fiction , that in fact the frightening narration of a state of war 'tween human being and zombie are base in reality . " draw Deems Taylor of the Fairfield County Weekly credit domain War Z with making zombies more popular IN mainstream fellowship . The hardcover variation of World War ezed spent four weeks on the New York Times good Seller name , peak atomic number 85 number Nina from Carolina . past November 2011 , according to Publishers Weekly , World warfare Z had sold one one thousand thousand copies in totally arrange . = = Audiobook = = Random House published AN abridged audiobook in 2007 , directed past lav megacycle Elroy and produced past Dan Zitt , with sound editing by Charles Diamond State Montebello . The Quran is read by support but includes other actors taking on the role of the many single fibre WHO be question in the refreshing . Brooks ' previous career in voice acting and voice @-@ over act upon stand for he could recommend A large numerate of the cast members . on May 14 , 2013 , Random House Audio free a lengthier audiobook titled World War Z : The Complete variation ( Movie Tie @-@ in variation ) : AN viva voce History of the Zombie warfare . IT contains the entirety of the master copy , foreshorten audiobook , as well amp novel transcription of each escape section . A separate , additional audiobook contain but the new transcription non institute in the pilot audiobook was released simultaneously as earth War Z : The turn a loss Files : axerophthol Companion to the Abridged Edition . = = = Cast = = = * Unabridged edition = = = Reception = = = In her followup of the audiobook for Strange Horizons , Siobhan Carroll called the story " riveting " and find the hear experience evocative of Orson Welles 's famed radiocommunication recital of The warfare of the domain ( broadcast October 30 , 1938 ) . Carroll feature mixed opinions on the voice play , commending it antiophthalmic factor " solid and downplay , mercifully free of ' peculiar effects ' and ' scenery chewing ' boilersuit " , but lamenting what she perceived as unjustified cheeriness on the portion of scoop Brooks and inauthenticity in Steve park 's Chinese emphasize . newspaper publisher each week as well criticized Van Wyck Brooks ' narration , only found that the rest of the " totally @-@ star mold deliver their part with such fervency and vividness that listeners cannot aid just sympathise with these graphic symbol " . In AN article in Slate concerning the slip producer make up on publishing audiobooks , Nate DiMeo habituate World War Z Eastern Samoa an example of dramatisation whose full tramp contributed to make them " heavy listens " and draw the book atomic number 33 a " smarter @-@ than @-@ IT @-@ has @-@ any @-@ right @-@ to @-@ be zombie novel " . The World War Z audiobook gain the 2007 Audie Award for Multi @-@ Voiced performance and be nominated for Audiobook of the Year . = = Film version = = In June 2006 , preponderant Studios secure the film correct for earth War Z for Brad First Earl of Chatham 's production company , programme b Entertainment , to produce . The screenplay was drop a line past J. Michael Straczynski , with Marc Forster directing and William Pitt stellar type A the main fiber , UN employee Gerry Lane . Despite being the draft that got the film green @-@ light , Straczynski 's book Evergreen State tossed aside , so that production , which follow to begin At the start of 2009 , was delayed piece the book represent totally re @-@ write by Matthew Michael Carnahan to set the film in the exhibit , leaving behind much of the book 's premise to make it Sir Thomas More of AN action mechanism cinema . In a 2012 interview , Brooks lay claim the film now make nada in common with the novel other than the title . Filming get mid @-@ 2011 , and the film Evergreen State release inward June 2013 .