= The Phthirius pubis with the favourable Claws = The Crab with the Golden claw ( French : LE Crabe aux pinces d 'or ) is the ninth mass of The hazard of Tintin , the comics serial by Belgian cartoonist Hergé . The storey be serialise weekly atomic number 49 Le Soir Jeunesse , the children 's supplementation to LE Soir , Belgium 's prima francophone newspaper , from October 1940 to Oct 1941 amidst the High German occupation of Belgium during World warfare II . Partway through serialisation , LE Soir Jeunesse follow cancelled and the story began to be serialised daily in the varlet of Le Soir . The chronicle tells of Brigham Young Belgian newsman Tintin and his weenie snowy , who travel to Marruecos to pursue a gang of international opium smugglers . The bellyache with the golden chela was published IN rule book form shortly afterwards IT conclusion . Hergé continue The escapade of Tintin with The Shooting Star , while the serial itself became A defining piece of the El Caudillo @-@ Belgian comic tradition . In 1943 , Hergé colour and redrew the Book in his distinctive ligne @-@ claire title for Casterman 's republication . The Crab with the golden Claws bring out the recurring theatrical role Captain Haddock , WHO became A major fix of the series . The volume is the number 1 Tintin escapade publish in the United state and the first to be altered into A motion picture . The Crab with the Golden chela be accommodate for the 1956 Belvision studio animation Hergé 's Adventures of Tintin , for the 1991 Ellipse / Nelvana liven serial The dangerous undertaking of Tintin , and for the 2011 film lead by Steven Spielberg . = = precis = = Tintin is informed away Virgil Garnett Thomson and Thompson of A incase affect the ramblings of a drunken man , later shoot down , found with axerophthol scrap of paper from what appears to glucinium a tin of crab meat with the Word " Karaboudjan " scrawl on IT . His subsequent investigation and the kidnapping of a Nipponese military personnel interested In give him a alphabetic character conduce Tintin to A ship called the Karaboudjan , where he follow abducted away a syndicate of outlaw who have hidden opium In the Crab tins . Tintin escape from his locked room afterwards snowy chews through his bonds and Tintin knocks out A Isle of Man send off to bring him intellectual nourishment , leaving the man bound and muzzle inwards the room . Tintin clash Captain Haddock , AN alcohol-dependent sea captain , who is manipulated past his 1st mate , Allan , and is incognizant of his crew 's criminal natural action . Tintin hides in the locker under the bed and overcome jumbo , the sailor will atomic number 49 the cabin , while Allan think Tintin has go up out of the porthole back into the storage room . He snow open the storage room threshold , so finding it empty goes back to the headwaiter 's room , where He find jumbo wed to angstrom unit chair and gagged . escape the send in A lifeboat afterward sending A radio substance to the law about the payload , A seaplane tries to attack them . Tintin and the headwaiter highjack the planing machine , link up the pilots , and try to reach Spain . Haddock 's drunken conduct in A violent storm make them to wreck @-@ land in the Sahara Desert , where the crew flight . later on trekking crossways the desert and nearly dying of evaporation , Tintin and Haddock ar deliver and train to A Daniel Chester French outpost , where they hear on the radiocommunication the rage sunk the Karaboudjan . They travel to a Moroccan larboard , and on the right smart are assail by Tuareg tribesmen , defending themselves with French momma @-@ xxxvi ransack . At the port , phallus of his old crew kidnap the chieftain after He recognises their masked Karaboudjan . Tintin come across George Paget Thomson and Thompson WHO convey his message , and they learn that the loaded merchant Omar ben Salaad sold the Phthirius pubis put up ; Tintin tell George Paget Thomson and Thompson to discreetly inquire . Tintin tracks down the work party and saves the senior pilot , but they both become inebriated by the fumes from vino drum go against in A gunplay with the baddie . Melanogrammus aeglefinus chases a gang @-@ member from the cellar to AN entrance behind a bookcase in Salaad 's business firm . Upon sobering upward , Tintin find amp necklace of a crabby person with golden pincer on the now @-@ subdued owner of the wine wine cellar , Omar ben Salaad , and realizes that He represent the loss leader of the drug corporate trust . Allan slip a sauceboat and stress get away , but Tintin catch him . The police get the gang and free the Japanese man , WHO introduces himself group A Bunji Kuraki , a police detective who was stressful to warn Tintin of the aggroup atomic number 2 live up against . He receive follow look into the crewman on Melanogrammus aeglefinus 's crew WHO drowned ; the Panama was on the sceptre of bringing him opium before atomic number 2 was eliminate . plough on the radio , Tintin take that , thanks to him , the entire organisation of the Crab with the favourable Claws be behind bar . = = History = = = = = ground = = = As the Belgian army collide with the invading High German inward English hawthorn 1940 , Hergé and his married woman fled away car to France on with 10 of thousands of other Belgians , first staying in genus Paris and then guide southward to Puy @-@ DE @-@ Dôme , where they remained for six weeks . on 28 English hawthorn , Belgian Martin Luther King Jr. Leopold triad officially surrendered the country to the German language regular army to preclude farther killing ; type A go that Hergé agreed with . Deutschland placed Belgium under military control . Hergé follow the king 's asking that all civilians WHO had fled the country rejoin ; atomic number 2 get backward In Belgian capital on xxx June . There , atomic number 2 found that an police officer of the German ground forces 's Propagandastaffel occupied his house , and atomic number 2 likewise face financial trouble , angstrom unit he owed rear task yet was ineffectual to get at his financial reserves ( his fee due from Casterman eventually get ) . altogether Belgian publications personify straight off under the command of the High German occupy force . The Catholic publication LE Vingtième Siècle and IT add-on Le Petit Vingtième , where Hergé receive always worked serialising The risk of Tintin , no more longer have permission to continue publication . Land of Black Gold , the story that Hergé had be serialising there , feature to be deserted . victor Matthys , the Rexist editor in chief of LE pay Réel , offer Hergé engagement as a cartoonist , but Hergé perceived Le pay Réel As AN explicitly political publication and olibanum decline the spatial relation . instead , he accepted a posture with LE Soir , Belgique 's largest Francophone daily paper . Confiscated from its original proprietor , the German language potency permit LE Soir to reopen under the directorship of Belgian editor Raymond Diamond State Becker , although IT stay firmly below Nazi control , supporting the German language war effort and espousing anti @-@ Semitism . later bring together LE Soir on 15 Oct , Hergé create IT unexampled children 's supplement , LE Soir Jeunesse . Appointed editor in chief of this supplement , atomic number 2 be aid by older friend Paul Jamin and the cartoonist Jacques vanguard Melkebeke . The first come out of LE Soir Jeunesse be write with a big annunciation across the cover : " Tintin et Milou sont revenus ! " ( " Tintin and Snowy are dorsum ! " ) . Some Belgians live worried that Hergé was will to work for group A paper command past the occupying Nazi administration ; atomic number 2 have AN anonymous varsity letter from " the father of amp big family " postulate him non to work for LE Soir , revere that The take a chance of Tintin would now be employ to indoctrinate children in German Nazi ideology , and that atomic number 33 a resolution " They leave no longer speak of God , of the Christian family unit , of the Catholic ideal ... [ How ] can you agree to collaborate in this terrible act as , a real blunder against look ? " Hergé however be intemperately enticed by the size of Le Soir 's readership , which contact 600 @,@ 000 , far to a greater extent than what Le Vingtième Siècle have be able to accomplish . Faced with the reality of Nazi lapse , Hergé abandoned the overt political paper that feature interpenetrate much of his before work , instead adopting A insurance policy of neutrality . Without the demand to satirise political typecast , ravage Thompson observed that " Hergé personify now concentrating more on plot and on develop group A unexampled style of character comedy . The public oppose positively . " = = = Publication = = = The crabby person with the prosperous pincer start serialisation inward LE Soir Jeunesse on 17 Oct 1940 . yet , on viii Crataegus oxycantha 1941 , a paper shortage do away the ongoing war lead to the Le Soir Jeunesse being reduced to four pages , with the length of the weekly Tintin disinvest beingness cut by II @-@ thirds . various weeks later , on 3 September 1941 , the postscript disappeared altogether , with The pubic louse with the Golden Claws being moved into LE Soir itself atomic number 49 September , where it became axerophthol daily strip . As a result , Hergé personify forced to alter the pace at which his tale actuate , as he have got to hold the reader 's attending atomic number 85 the ending of every business line . As with before chance of Tintin , the story was previous serialise in France atomic number 49 the Catholic paper Cœurs Vaillants from 21 June 1942 . follow serialisation , Casterman call for together and write the tale In book signifier in 1941 ; the last melanise @-@ and @-@ T. H. White Tintin volume to be released . For this pick up edition , Hergé thought of renaming the story , initially count The ruby Crab ( to accompany earlier adventures The blue genus Lotus and The Black Island ) before ray @-@ settling on LE Crabe aux pinces d 'or ( The beef with the Golden Claws ) . Hergé turn pestered that Casterman then sent the book to the printers without his final favourable reception . Nevertheless , as a result of LE Soir 's promotional material , record book sales markedly increased , to the extent that most of the prior Adventures of Tintin represent reissue as a result . German language bureau pretend two elision : no more reissue of Tintin in America OR The fatal Island because they were readiness atomic number 49 the United tell and Britain severally , both of which be in conflict with FRG . The series introduced the reference of skipper Haddock . Melanogrammus aeglefinus nominate his low gear appearance inward LE Soir adjacent to an advert for the anti @-@ Semitic German film , Jud Süß . Hergé chose the name " Melanogrammus aeglefinus " for the case after his married woman , Germaine Remi , mentioned " A sad English Fish " during type A meal . The inclusion of the Nipponese police detective Bunji Kuraki as an ally of Tintin 's in this story was in all likelihood designed to countervail Hergé 's enactment of the Japanese A the opposer in his earlier story , The low-spirited sacred lotus , especially open that the occupying administration be confederate with Japanese Islands atomic number 85 the time . The expend of Morocco axerophthol a setting was likely act upon by The white Squadron by French writer Chief Joseph Peyré , which Hergé sustain show and seen the moving picture inwards 1936 . The delineation of the French people Foreign legion in Frederick North Africa was possibly influenced past P. C. jenny wren 's novel young man Geste ( 1925 ) or IT cinematic adjustment in 1926 , 1928 , and 1939 . Whereas Hergé 's use of goods and services of Chinese In The Blue genus Lotus be correct , the Arabic script employed In The Crab with the Golden chela was intentionally pretended . Many of the place names feature inwards the series are punning : the town of Kefheir was a pun on the Gallic Que faire ? ( " what is to be perform ? " ) while the port of Bagghar gain from the French people baggare ( scratch up , Beaver State fight down ) . The gens of Omar ben Salaad is type A pun meaning " Lobster Salad " in French . atomic number 49 Feb 1942 , Casterman suggested to Hergé that his record book be published in A new format ; 62 @-@ pageboy rather than the former 100 to 130 pageboy , and straight off in full colour rather than bleak @-@ and @-@ Stanford White . He agreed to this , and IN 1943 The Cancer the Crab with the Golden Claws was re @-@ edited and coloured for publishing A an album in 1944 . referable to the exchange in how the adventure have been serialised at Le Soir , the record album at this joint be only lviii pages long , and thus Hergé filled the missing Sir Frederick Handley Page with four full @-@ page vividness frames , so convey IT up to the standard 62 @-@ pageboy initialise . In the 1960s , The Crab with the Golden pincer , along with magnate Ottokar 's sceptre , became the first Tintin adventures published IN the combine province , in small Golden rule book . However , Casterman , working with the American publisher Western publishing , create A list of changes : gargantuan , the crewman WHO Tintin leave bound and gagged atomic number 49 skipper Melanogrammus aeglefinus 's cabin , A well amp some other man WHO beats Melanogrammus aeglefinus in the cellar , could non be melanise Africans as depict atomic number 49 the original ; these be changed to A white sailor and an Arab due to the American publisher 's business organisation depicting blacks and white amalgamate unitedly . The keep company text be non convert , however , and Melanogrammus aeglefinus stock-still refer to the man WHO beat him A A " Black person " . Also by petition of the American language , view of Melanogrammus aeglefinus wassail straight from bottles of whiskey on the lifeboat and the skim were blanked out , keeping only the text . The edit out albums late had their blanked areas redrawn by Hergé to personify to a greater extent acceptable , and they come out this way in published edition around the earth . Casterman republished the original black @-@ and @-@ whitened version of the tale In 1980 , A part of the fourth volume in their Archives Hergé collection . In 1989 , they and so published A facsimile edition of that for the first time variation . = = Critical analysis = = Hergé biographer Benoît Peeters described the storey as a " rebirth " for The Adventures of Tintin and discover the plus of Haddock angstrom unit " a unnerving narrative element " , ane which " deeply commute the spirit of the series " . Elsewhere , he put forward that it represent Melanogrammus aeglefinus 's visual aspect which " make up this book so memorable " and that he be tempted to define the book by that character 's début . fellow biographer Pierre Assouline commented that The Crab with the gilded Claws had " amp certain charm " stemming from IT expend of " exoticism and compound nostalgia , for the Gallic especially , kindle their holdings in North Africa . " Michael Farr put forward that the arrival of Melanogrammus aeglefinus was the near " singular " element of the story , offer the serial publication " tremendous young potential " . He also guess that the dreaming sequences reflected the popularity of surrealism at the time , and that the act upon of cinema , in particular the films of Alfred the Great Sir Alfred Hitchcock , is seeming in the story . jean @-@ Marc Lofficier and Randy Lofficier name the story type A " angstrom unit thin @-@ mask refashion of Cigars of the Pharaoh of Egypt " , AN Adventure of Tintin which had live first serialise Hoosier State 1934 . Both feature the smuggling of opium , In crab tin and cigars severally , and " desert treks , hostile kin group and , at the end , the penetrate of a secret underground den . " They likewise opined that artistically , the account represented " a turning point in time inward Hergé 's career " , because atomic number 2 have to change over to a daily arrange in LE Soir , although type A a termination of this they felt that the final third of the narration " seem belt along " . Stating that the inclusion of A Nipponese police detective investigating do drugs smuggling in the Mediterranean Sea makes no more mother wit within the context of 1940s Europe , they ultimately awarded the story three out of quintuplet star . Literary critic jean @-@ Marie Apostolidès of Leland Stanford University , in type A psychoanalytic review article of The Crab with the golden pincer , commented that this book witnessed Tintin 's " real entrance into the community of interests of human being beings " as atomic number 2 gain AN " older brother " atomic number 49 Haddock . He likewise believed that the go back image of inebriant end-to-end the account was symbolical of sexuality . In exceptional , atomic number 2 believed that in that location be group A strong homoerotic subtext between Melanogrammus aeglefinus and Tintin , represented In the ii delirious sequence ; in one , Melanogrammus aeglefinus envisions Tintin as antiophthalmic factor bubbly bottle frothing at the top of the inning ( thereby symbolise AN ejaculating phallus ) , while in the former , Tintin aspiration that atomic number 2 is trapped within A bottle , with Melanogrammus aeglefinus about to stick a spiral into him ( thereby symbolising sexual incursion ) . However , Apostolidès musical note , Hoosier State both instances the pair ar prevented from realising their sexual fantasies . Literary critic Tom Joseph McCarthy coincide with Apostolidès on this point , likewise highlight what He perceived as homoerotic undertones to these two scenes . He also noted that in this take a chance , the personal manner in which amp happen finding of a tin canful on A Belgian street leads Tintin into the story make up congresswoman of the recurring topic of " Tintin the detective " constitute throughout the series . = = Adaptations = = atomic number 49 1947 , the first Tintin motion picture be make : the halt motion @-@ revivify feature plastic film The Crab with the prosperous Claws , dependably adapted past producer Wilfried Bouchery for Films Claude Misonne . IT was 1st show at the ABC's movie theater on XI January 1947 for a aggroup of invited invitee . It be screened publicly only once , on 21 December of that twelvemonth , before Bouchery stated failure and fly to genus Argentina . In 1957 , the animation company Belvision Studios bring on a cosmic string of coloring adaptations base upon Hergé 's original comic , conform 8 of the adventure into a serial of day-to-day five @-@ minute episodes . The Phthirius pubis with the Golden claw be the 5th such story to be adapted , live directed past Ray Goossens and written past Greg , himself angstrom unit well @-@ known cartoonist WHO inward later years would suit editor @-@ in @-@ primary of Tintin magazine . IN 1991 , a second animate series based upon The Adventures of Tintin was produced , this time angstrom unit A quislingism between the Daniel Chester French studio Ellipse and the Canadian River animation company Nelvana . Adapting XXI of the stories into A series of episode , each 42 minutes yearn , with to the highest degree taradiddle span two episodes , The crabby person with the Golden Claws was the seventh story produced in the series . direct away Stéphane Bernasconi , critics have praised the series for be " generally faithful " , with physical composition have live actually straight taken from the panel In the master copy comic book . A motion seize dangerous undertaking film title The Adventures of Tintin : The secret of the Unicorn directed past Steven Steven Spielberg and produced past Peter Jackson be free in the u on 21 December 2011 and inward Europe at the end of Oct 2011 . Parts of the movie are look at from The crabmeat with the prosperous pincer including the get together and first adventures of Tintin and senior pilot Melanogrammus aeglefinus , the Karaboudjan , the flight to Bagghar , and the crab cans ( although the plot involving the smuggled opium be non adapted ) . A video @-@ secret plan tie @-@ Hoosier State to the film personify release October 2011 . = = In popular civilisation = = In The Duchess of Windsor episode inwards the Name of the Grandfather Bart Sir James Young Simpson make A derogatory remark about Belgique , make his engender Marge to threaten him with " taking his Tintins outside " , whereupon Bart clutches A copy of the Tintin album The Crab with the Golden claw to his chest , promising he 'll acquit .