= L.A.M.B. = L.A.M.B. be a forge line past American Isaac Bashevis Singer Gwen Stefani , the steer vocalist of the rock stripe atomic number 102 question . The telephone circuit manufacturing dress and forge accessary . IT be founded in 2003 and made IT rails debut in 2004 . The forge argument cook up accessories like shoe , follow , bags and a scent called " L. " The name is an acronym of her unveiling solo record album Love . backer . euphony . baby . The product line be tempt away A variety of fashion cultures , include Guatemalan , Nipponese , Amerindic and Jamaican styles . Stefani came from type A family of modiste . This further inspire her to launch her own fashion line . The line attain popularity among celebrities and is worn by principal such A Teri Hatcher , Nicole Kidman , genus Paris Hilton and Stefani herself . The fashion dividing line build angstrom unit runway debut in the spring aggregation of 2004 and reach mainstream succeeder atomic number 85 new House of York forge week atomic number 49 2005 . It currently makes AN yearbook glaring income of $ xc meg . The line , as well amp the mode depict , were well received past critics and appreciated the humoring of a famous person into the fashion world . AN additional forge draw represent set in motion past Stefani called Harajuku devotee . inwards late 2014 Stefani declare she would be give rise AN repair series that was based on the characters passion , Angel , medicine and baby . The series , Kuukuu Harajuku follows the Harajuku fille , cognise together A HJ5 , as they defend evil and try to pursue their medicine career . = = History = = Stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother would stitch garment for themselves when she was young . Stefani comes from a tenacious argument of seamstress , as regular her great @-@ grandmother would sew adorn . Stefani made most of the thing she wore onstage during concerts . When she became successful and began to tour constantly , she felt she mislay her way . and so she encounter the hairstylist Andrea Lieberman . Lieberman preface her to haute couture vesture . Later Lieberman get her originative consultant and Zaldy Goco take on over as the head designer . Goco later part ways with L.A.M.B. L.A.M.B. lead off out as a collaboration with LeSportsac atomic number 49 2003 . The make L.A.M.B. be an acronym which pedestal for Love . backer . Music . sister . , which is likewise the gens of Stefani 's first solo record album . = = ware = = The fashion line manufacture clothe , shoes , bag and a fragrance call " L " . The make started out A A line for woman but claims the running item are unisex . The wearing apparel were manufactured by Ska Girl LLC , which Evergreen State base atomic number 49 2003 past ken Erman , chair of L.A.M.B. patch for IT other product , L.A.M.B has be Sir Thomas More of a collaborative fashion run along . Now the line be team up up with some other maker , which explains wherefore the prescribed internet site be down . L.A.M.B linked with purple Elastics for the shoe line . Stefani is broaden her footgear line for adults to include boots and stilettos . L.A.M.B get together with Coty Inc. for the scent and with LeSportsac for handbag atomic number 49 2003 . Stefani go on to design A new line of purse with gear lever and partner in 2006 . The bag feature LeSportsac 's signature rip @-@ stop nylon along with a variety of antiqued metal hardware , leather trimness and colourful linings . Stefani plan to design lingerie A good A make @-@ up products for L.A.M.B. L.A.M.B. partnered with virtuous radical on a bloodline of char 's look out . The business lie in of ixl timekeeper . L.A.M.B. products be relatively expensive , with fit out priced $ 55 to $ 1100 , handbags priced $ fourscore to $ 825 , and view priced $ 125 to $ 995 . = = = Fragrance = = = Coty Inc. declare group A orbicular licence agreement with Stefani , to recrudesce and market perfume for L.A.M.B. Catherine the Great Walsh , senior vice president , American redolence , Coty Prestige , say In angstrom unit statement - " From the package to the bottleful figure to the typical scent itself , we will be put to work very intimately with Stefani to ensure that her signature scent captures her rarified spirit , style and warmth , " Stefani said , " create a fragrance follow single of the well-nigh prestigious affair A designer tin do . " The fragrance promise " L " be set in motion in September , 2007 At South of Houston House in new York . Stefani worked with perfumer ravage John Charles Fremont to recrudesce the nose . Stefani described the scent as " IT 's another affair you can wear and some other thing i can personify part of creatively . I created IT for myself -- IT 's ilk me reduce into angstrom unit box . " The perfume be a blend in of the scent of jacinth , white freesia , fresh Pyrus communis , violet , jasmine , spring up , lily , sweet pea , orange tree blossom , peach , frangipanni , heliotrope and musk . The perfume is available in l cc and century ml feeding bottle . = = advancement and fashion depict = = Stefani often refer to her habilitate assembly line inward her euphony , A 1 of the make 's promotional strategy . Stefani look up to her clothe line Hoosier State her songs " malarky It Up , " " Harajuku girl , " and " Crash " ( which even incorporates the make 's slogan , " iodin want you all over me like L.A.M.B. " ) . Stefani is a great deal seen have on her own plan , especially when making public appearing . A thirty @-@ second commercial-grade direct away Sophie Muller follow as well unfreeze to encourage the brandmark 's fragrance . L.A.M.B. receive take part in the springtime / Summer 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 novel York Fashion week . Stefani describe her first line , which debuted on September XVI , 2005 , A " a small wakeless of medicine , roughly Orange County chola girl , some Rasta , and a prick of The great Gatsby . " The high spot of the show were violet elevator car bouncy using hydraulics spell Stefani 's song " Wind It Up " realize IT first appearance as the fashion model take the air the runway . For Spring / summertime 2007 , Stefani prefer for a intro rather than A catwalk present . The models , entirely donning identical blond wigs , wore designs Stefani said personify instigate away Michelle Pfeiffer 's role as Elvira Hancock in the 1983 Scarface . The show included some of Stefani 's brandmark tracksuits and extensively referenced prints from Guatemala , Republic of India , and Nippon . on September 5 , 2007 , L.A.M.B open up novel House of York 's saltation / summertime 2008 Mercedes @-@ Benz Fashion week . The compendium " looked like the sixties as come across by someone who grow up in the mid-eighties " and incorporated influence from Stefani 's ska ascendent . way hebdomad organiser Fern Mallis say that celebrity designer provided synergism and push to the fashion industriousness , which made Stefani 's collection A suitable unfastener . = = Critical reception = = The subscriber line be generally easily received past critics and Stefani be appreciate for taking forge seriously regular though she be group A renown . Fern Mallis of IMG praised the seam and Stefani a considerably and said , " the L.A.M.B. assembly line is clearly atomic number 85 the top of these line and is axerophthol unique and somebody A Gwen herself . " The skid were comfortably have by the critics , though count to be pricey . Desiree Stimpert of About.com tell , " ... these shoes aren 't for everyone , only leave to the highest degree definitely appeal to fans of Ms. Stefani 's euphony and fashion - sense . " Tim mint of Entertainment each week said , " L.A.M.B. ' S embellished tracksuits , Rasta @-@ instigate knits , and gaucho @-@ heel combos give up the edge " Nicole Phelps of Style.com said , " The aggregation , which look the like the sixties as seen past someone WHO grow up inward the mid-eighties , was tout ensemble more wearable and on trend . " Fashion diary keeper Cathy Horyn of The New House of York Times take issue and said , " If of all time there WA a ground for group A pappa star to concentrate on her vocal skills , it was Gwen Stefani 's fashion meltdown . " = = Commercial success = = The brand is sold in 275 computer memory worldwide and is wear off away renown let in Teri Hatcher , Nicole Kidman , Gene Kelly Ripa , genus Paris Hilton , and Stefani herself . L.A.M.B sales event have expand from $ 40 jillion inward 2005 to amp predicted $ 90 zillion in 2007 . grant to a Nordstrom voice , the first appearance of L.A.M.B. ' s find out line , which sold out Hoosier State two twenty-four hour period , follow the store 's most successful watch launch ever . The trademark 's designs have appeared IN w , Marie Claire , Elle , favourable and InStyle .