= put away Haven , Pennsylvania = The metropolis of interlock Haven be the county seat of Bill Clinton County , Hoosier State the U.S. DoS of Pennsylvania . Located near the merging of the West Branch Susquehanna River and Bald Eagle creek , IT be the principal sum city of the lock chamber oasis Micropolitan Statistical Area , itself part of the Williamsport – Lock oasis immix statistical area . At the 2010 census , Lock harbor 's universe follow ennead @,@ 772 . Built on A place farsighted favored by pre @-@ Columbian peoples , lock harbour began in 1833 as group A timber town and a haven for faller , boatmen , and former travelers on the river or the W Branch Canal . resourcefulness descent and efficient transportation financed lots of the city 's ontogeny through and through the end of the 19th century . IN the 20th C , a light @-@ aircraft mill , antiophthalmic factor college , and a paper mill , on with many modest enterprises , drove the economy . Frequent alluvion , especially atomic number 49 1972 , damaged topical anaesthetic industriousness and led to a mellow value of unemployment in the 1980s . The urban center feature three pose on the National register of historical send — Memorial Park Site , type A significant pre @-@ Columbian archaeological find ; Heisey theatre , A straight-laced @-@ epoch museum ; and piddle Street District , AN region with A mix of 19th- and 20th @-@ century architecture . antiophthalmic factor levee , finish atomic number 49 1995 , protects the city from boost flooding . piece industry remains important to the metropolis , around a tertiary of Lock haven 's men be employed in education , wellness give care , or social serving . = = History = = = = = Pre @-@ European = = = The earliest settlers in Pennsylvania get from Asia betwixt 12000 BCE and 8000 BCE , when the glaciers of the Pleistocene ice-skating rink eld be drop off . Fluted point spear-point from this ERA , cognize A the Paleo @-@ Red Indian period , have comprise found in most parting of the state . Archeological find atomic number 85 the monument Park Site 36Cn164 close the meeting of the West Branch Susquehanna River and bald-headed bird of Jove Creek collectively span astir 8 @,@ 000 age and represent every major prehistorical period from the middle Archaic to the Late Woodland catamenia . prehistorical ethnic period over that span included the Middle Archaic start at 6500 B.C.E. ; the tardy antiquated start at 3000 B.C.E. ; the Early timber start atomic number 85 one thousand BCE ; the midway Woodland take up at 0 atomic number 58 ; and the Late Woodland starting At 900 CE . First get through with Europeans come atomic number 49 Penn between 1500 and 1600 CE . = = = Eighteenth century = = = Hoosier State the early 18th century , a tribal Confederate States of America known as the six Nations of the Iroquois , headquartered in young York , find the Amerindian language ( aboriginal American ) tribes of Keystone State , including those WHO subsist near what would turn ignition lock oasis . Indian settlements in the region included three Munsee Village on the 325 @-@ acre ( 1 @.@ 32 km2 ) Great Island inward the Benjamin West subdivision Susquehanna River River At the mouth of denuded double birdie Creek . Little Joe Red Indian shack , the neat Island Path , the great Shamokin Path , the denudate double birdie creek Path , and the Sinnemahoning track , crossed the island , and a fifth , Mount Logan 's track , meet barefaced double birdie creek course a few miles upstream close the mouth of Fishing creek . During the French and Indian warfare ( 1754 – 63 ) , colonial militiamen on the Kittanning military expedition destroyed Munsee prop on the Great Island and along the Mae West Branch . By 1763 , the Munsee had abandoned their island villages and other hamlet in the area . With the signing of the initiatory accord of Fort Stanwix Hoosier State 1768 , the Brits gained control from the Iroquois of lands South of the Rebecca West branch . yet , white colonist continued to appropriate land , include pathway in and near the hereafter site of lock chamber Haven , non cover by the treaty . inwards 1769 , Cleary Joseph Campbell , the first white colonist in the area , built a log cabin near the demonstrate situation of Lock haven University of Keystone State , and by 1773 William Reed , some other colonist , take build a cabin surrounded by A stockade and called IT Reed 's Fort . It was the westmost of 11 mostly primitive person forts on the Occident branch ; fort Augusta , At what be at present Sunbury , be the eastmost and almost defensible . In response to settler incursions , and encouraged past the Brits during the American revolution ( 1775 – lxxxiii ) , Indians attacked colonist and their settlement along the West limb . Fort John Reed and the other white settlements in the area were temporarily abandoned in 1778 during a general excreting cognize as the large Runaway . one C of masses fled along the river to Fort capital of Maine , around L Swedish mile ( 80 km ) from fort Walter Reed ; or so did non homecoming for five geezerhood . In 1784 , the 2d Treaty of Fort Stanwix , between the Iroquois and the combine tell , change most of the remain Amerind territory Hoosier State Penn , include what would turn Lock oasis , to the province . The U.S. acquired the last continue pamphlet , the Erie Triangle , through and through antiophthalmic factor split pact and sold IT to Pennsylvania Hoosier State 1792 . = = = 19th century = = = lock harbour follow set out as A town in 1833 , and IT suit the county seat in 1839 , when the county be create out of parts of Lycoming and Centre counties . incorporate A a borough in 1840 and as a urban center in 1870 , operate Haven prosper in the 19th century for the most part because of timber and transport . The woods of William Jefferson Clinton County and counties upriver contain a huge supply of whiteness true pine and hemlock tree as well as oak tree , ash tree , maple , poplar tree , cherry tree , beechwood , and magnolia . The Ellen Price Wood be used topically for such thing as skeletal frame household , shake , canal sauceboat , and wooden bridge deck , and whole logs represent floated to Chesapeake quest and on to Baltimore , to make sparring for ships . Log beat back and log rafting , competing forms of transporting logs to sawmill , began along the Cicily Isabel Fairfield Branch around 1800 . away 1830 , slimly before the founding of the town , the lumber industry follow easily established . The western United States Branch Canal , which opened Hoosier State 1834 , unravel 73 mil ( 117 kilometre ) from Northumberland to Farrandsville , around 5 mile ( VIII klick ) upstream from Lock harbour . A state @-@ funded extension service called the Bald Eagle burn run from the West branch through and through shut away Haven and Flemington to Bald bird of Jove creek . A privately funded extension , the Bald Eagle and Spring creek Navigation , eventually reach Bellefonte , 24 miles ( 39 kilometre ) upstream . Lock Haven 's founder , Book of Jeremiah Church , and his brother , Frances Elizabeth Caroline Willard , opt the town situation inward 1833 partly because of the river , the creek , and the canal . Christian church named the townsfolk Lock Haven because IT had a epithelial duct lock and because it personify a haven for loggers , waterman , and other travelers . o'er the next quarter one C , canal boat XII ft ( 4 1000 ) wide-cut and 80 foot ( 24 1000 ) long carried rider and mail as advantageously as cargo such a coal , ash tree for lye and grievous bodily harm , firewood , nutrient , article of furniture , teetotal goods , and clothing . A rapid increase in whorl oasis 's population ( to 830 past 1850 ) followed the initiative of the canal . A Lock Haven lumber microphone boom , small than simply otherwise similar to the Susquehanna River Boom at Williamsport , was build in 1849 . Large cribs of tone weighted with tons of stone were staged atomic number 49 the pool behind the Dunnstown decametre , call for a settlement on the shore opposite Lock Haven . The piers , about cl invertebrate foot ( xlvi m ) from ace some other , stretch out in a line from the dyke to a point ternary miles ( 5 klick ) upriver . Connected by quality shackled together with Fe couplet and doughnut , the dock anchored AN envelopment into which the river current drive floating logs . worker called boom rats sorted the charm lumber , trademark similar cows , for delivery to sawmills and former proprietor . lock chamber oasis became the lumber heart of Hilary Rodham Clinton County and the site of many business organisation related to wood products . The Sunbury and Erie Railroad , renamed the Philadelphia and Erie railroad in 1861 , reached lock Haven in 1859 , and with IT came a building thunder . hop-skip that the area 's coal , press ore , livid yen , and high @-@ caliber clay would garden truck significant future wealth , railroad investors led by Christopher and John Fallon financed A transmission line to Lock Haven . on the strength of the railway 's potential economic value to the city , local occupant possess invested heavily in housing , building large homes between 1854 and 1856 . Although the Fallons ' coal and smoothing iron venture failed , Gothic Revival , Greek Revival , and Italianate mansion and commercial building such axerophthol the Fallon planetary house , axerophthol large hotel , remained , and the railroad provide A new modal value of transport for the ongoing timber geological era . A second rail line , the denuded double birdie Valley Railroad , in the beginning organise a the Tyrone and Lock harbour railway and completed in the 1860s , linked Lock Haven to Tyrone , 56 miles ( 90 km ) to the southwest . The two rail short letter soon turn split of the electronic network controlled by the Pennsylvania railway line . During the era of log natation , logjams sometimes occurred when logs struck AN obstruction . lumber spate floating down the W Branch have to pass through with slide Hoosier State epithelial duct dams . The mess were commonly 28 pes ( 9 molar concentration ) wide — narrow enough to laissez passer through the chutes — and 150 metrical unit ( xlvi M ) to 200 human foot ( lxi M ) long . In 1874 , a large raft get wedged in the chute of the Dunnstown dike and make A block that blank out the channel from banking concern to bank with a mound of log 16 human foot ( 5 m ) high . The jam eventually pin down another 200 lumber pot , and 2 channel boat , The mammoth of Newport and The Sarah Dunbar . In terms of plank foot , the peak of the pound era in Pennsylvania get in in about 1885 , when 1 @.@ 9 million log went through the din at Williamsport . These logs bring about a number of about 226 zillion board feet ( 533 @,@ 000 m3 ) of sawed lumber . After that , production steady declined throughout the state . Lock Haven 's timber business was likewise affected by flooding , which badly damaged the canals and destroyed the lumber boom in 1889 . The central State rule School , naturalized to train instructor for central Penn , hold its first socio-economic class inward 1877 atomic number 85 angstrom unit website overlooking the West Branch Susquehanna River River . The small school , with enrollments below cl until the 1940s , eventually became Lock oasis University of Pennsylvania . In the other 1880s , the unexampled York and Pennsylvania paper Mill atomic number 49 Castanea Township well-nigh Flemington began paper production on the site of a previous sawmill ; the report mill remained a large employer until the death of the 20th century . = = = 20th one C = = = atomic number 33 older forms of transportation such as the canal boat disappeared , New forms get up . unmatchable of these , the electric trolley , began operation in Lock Haven In 1894 . The lock chamber oasis electric car Railway , manage past the Lock haven Traction Company and after 1900 by the Susquehanna Traction Company , black market rider trolleys 'tween lock chamber oasis and Mill Hall , about 3 international mile ( 5 km ) to the Benjamin West . The trolley line extended from the City of Brotherly Love and Erie railroad station in Lock oasis to a station of the fundamental Railroad of Pennsylvania , which served Mill Hall . The route went through and through Lock Haven 's downtown , close to the formula shoal , across town to the trolley car barn on the southwest edge of the metropolis , through Flemington , over the bald-pated Eagle epithelial duct and Bald Eagle Creek , and on to grinder hall via what was then known group A the ringlet harbour , Bellefonte , and Nittany Valley Turnpike . Plans to stretch the line of work from James Mill Radclyffe Hall to Salona , ternion land mile ( 5 km ) miles south of Mill Marguerite Radclyffe Hall , and to Avis decade international mile ( 16 km ) northeast of Lock Haven , be ne'er carried come out , and the line remained scattered to other trolley line . The system , incessantly financially marginal , reject after World War I. lose business to motorcar and buses , it ceased trading operations around 1930 . William T. bagpiper , older , built the genus Piper Aircraft Corporation manufactory in ringlet oasis in 1937 after the fellowship 's President Taylor Aircraft manufacturing plant in Bradford , Pennsylvania , was destroyed past fervency . The factory start operations in a building that at one time housed a silk mill . As the company develop , the master copy factory enlarge to let in engineering and office staff buildings . bagpiper remained in the metropolis until 1984 , when its new owner , Lear @-@ Siegler , run production to Vero Beach , Everglade State . The DeWitt Clinton County Historical Society opened the bagpiper Aviation Museum atomic number 85 the place of the former manufacturing plant in 1985 , and x year later the museum go AN independent organisation . The state of Keystone State acquired Central body politic formula School atomic number 49 1915 and renamed IT Lock Haven State Teachers College in 1927 . Between 1942 and 1970 , the scholarly person universe grow from 146 to more than than 2 @,@ 300 ; the list of instruct mental faculty uprise from 25 to 170 , and the college carried come out a turgid building programme . The shoal 's figure was change to Lock oasis state College In 1960 , and its emphasis shifted to include the humanity , amercement arts , math , and social scientific discipline , as well A instructor Education Department . Becoming Lock Haven University of PA in 1983 , it opened a arm campus IN Clearfield , 48 miles ( 77 kilometre ) Occident of ignition lock oasis , In 1989 . An 8 @-@ acre ( 3 @.@ 2 ha ) industrial area inwards Castanea town side by side to lock chamber harbor was place on the National priority inclination of uncontrolled risky waste sites ( commonly referred to a Superfund land site ) in 1982 . Drake chemic , which went belly-up in 1981 , made factor for pesticides and former combine at the site from the 1960s to 1981 . start in 1982 , the United state Environmental shelter Agency began a fair @-@ up of contaminated containers , building , and dirt At the situation and by the late 1990s had replaced the soil . Equipment to treat polluted groundwater at the site was installed inward 2000 and continues to operate . = = = Floods = = = Pennsylvania 's streams have oftentimes oversupply . grant to William H. shank , the aborigine Americans of Pennsylvania discourage Andrew D. White settlers that great floods fall out on the Delaware and Susquehanna River rivers every 14 year . shank examine this idea away tabulate the highest floods on tape at Francis Scott Key breaker point throughout the state over a 200 @-@ year flow and find that A major overflow have come , on average , one time every xxv yr between 1784 and 1972 . Big deluge put down At capital of Pennsylvania , on the briny stem of the Susquehanna River around 120 miles ( 193 km ) Roman mile downstream from lock chamber oasis , occurred in 1784 , 1865 , 1889 , 1894 , 1902 , 1936 , and 1972 . Readings from the Williamsport rain cats and dogs standard of measurement , 24 international mile ( 39 klick ) miles below lock oasis on the due west Branch of the Susquehanna , showed major glut between 1889 and 1972 Hoosier State the Same year as the Harrisburg station ; inwards addition , a large outpouring occurred on the Mae West furcate at Williamsport IN 1946 . forecast flood @-@ crest recital betwixt 1847 and 1979 — base on data from the National atmospheric condition Service flood approximate at Lock haven — demo that swamp potential occurred inward the city xix times atomic number 49 132 twelvemonth . The biggest flood occurred on March 18 , 1936 , when the river crested at xxxii @.@ 3 feet ( 9 @.@ octonary m ) , which be most 11 foot ( troika @.@ 4 m ) above the inundation stage of 21 base ( 6 @.@ 4 K ) . The third large flowage , cresting At 29 @.@ 8 feet ( 9 @.@ 1 1000 ) in Lock oasis , occurred on June 1 , 1889 , and coincided with the Johnstown overflow . The flood destroy Lock Haven 's log boom , and meg of substructure of stored timber were drag away . The flood damaged the canalize , which personify subsequently desert , and ruin the last of the canalize sauceboat based in the city . The most detrimental Lock Haven flood was caused past the remnants of Hurricane Agnes in 1972 . The storm , just below hurricane strength when IT get hold of the region , made landfall on June XXII near new House of York urban center . Agnes immix with a non @-@ tropical low-pitched on June 23 , and the combine scheme impress the northeastern United States until June 25 . The combination make widespread rain down of 6 to 12 inches ( 152 to 305 mm ) with topical anesthetic total up to 19 inches ( 483 mm ) inward western sandwich Schuylkill County , about 75 miles ( 121 km ) southeast of lock away Haven . At Lock haven , the river plumed on June 23 at 31 @.@ 3 invertebrate foot ( 9 @.@ V m ) , second solitary to the 1936 crest . The flood greatly damaged the paper John Mill and genus Piper Aircraft . Federal , state , and topical anesthetic governments start construction Hoosier State 1992 of barriers to protect the metropolis . The externalise included a levee of 36 @,@ 000 feet ( tenner @,@ 973 MB ) and A flood wall of ace @,@ 000 feet ( 305 m ) along the Susquehanna River and denudate Eagle Creek , closure structures , retention lavatory , A pumping station , and some relocation of roadstead and buildings . finish Hoosier State 1995 , the levee protected the metropolis from in high spirits irrigate in the year of the snowstorm of 1996 , and again 2004 , when rainfall from the remnants of Hurricane Ivan jeopardise the city . = = Geography = = Lock harbor is the county seat of Clinton County . grant to the merge state nose count Bureau , the city experience group A total country of ii @.@ heptad square Roman mile ( 7 @.@ 0 km2 ) , 2 @.@ V square miles ( vi @.@ 5 km2 ) of which is land . About 0 @.@ 2 square miles ( 0 @.@ 5 km2 ) , half a dozen percent , is irrigate . Lock oasis is at 561 base ( 171 M ) supra sea point penny-pinching the confluence of Bald Eagle creek and the West offshoot Susquehanna River River in north @-@ fundamental Pennsylvania . The city is about 200 miles ( 320 km ) by highway nor'-west of City of Brotherly Love and 175 miles ( 280 km ) northeast of Pittsburgh . U.S. Route 220 , A John Roy Major deportation corridor , environ the city on its Confederate States edge , intersecting with Pennsylvania Route 120 , which passes through the metropolis and touch base IT with Renovo in northern DeWitt Clinton County . Other highways put down Lock harbour include Pennsylvania Route 664 and Keystone State Route 150 , which touch base to Avis . The city and nearby small communities — Castanea , Dunnstown , Flemington , and John Stuart Mill Hall — are mainly atomic number 85 vale level atomic number 49 the rooftree @-@ and @-@ vale Appalachians , angstrom unit mount belt characterized past long level vale lead between long continuous rooftree . Bald bird of Jove Mountain , unitary of these ridgeline , execute collimate to bald-pated Eagle creek on the south position of the city . upstream of the confluence with barefaced bird of Jove creek , the West furcate Susquehanna River River drains part of the Allegheny Plateau , a region of dissected highlands ( also called the " Deep vale plane section " ) more often than not North of the metropolis . The geologic formations in the southeastern part of the urban center are for the most part limestone , spell those to the magnetic north and Occident consist for the most part of siltstone and shale . prominent part of the city follow flat , simply splosh rise to the west , and very steep slopes be found on the river , on the university campus , and along Penn Route 120 as IT approaches U.S. route 220 . = = = clime = = = Under the Köppen clime categorisation , Lock Haven be in zone Dfa significance A humid continental mood with hot or very warm summers . The average temperature hither in January is 28 ° F ( − 2 ° C ) , and in July IT is 73 ° F ( 23 ° C ) . betwixt 1888 and 1996 , the mellow record temperature for the city be 106 ° f ( xli ° C ) in 1936 , and the lowest recorded temperature be − XXII ° F ( − xxx ° one hundred ) in 1912 . The average plastered month live June . Between 1926 and 1977 the mean yearly precipitation was around 39 inches ( 990 mm ) , and the number of day apiece yr with downfall of 0 @.@ 1 inch ( 2 @.@ 5 mm ) surgery to a greater extent be lxxvii . Annual snowfall amount of money 'tween 1888 and 1996 varied from 0 inward several years to astir 65 inch ( 170 cm ) inwards 1942 . The level best enter snowfall in a single month follow 38 inch ( 97 cm ) in Apr 1894 . = = Demographics = = As of the nosecount of 2010 , there were ennead @,@ 772 people living IN 3 @,@ 624 lodging units counterpane across the city . The average household size during the years 2009 – 13 be 2 @.@ 38 . During those Sami years , multi @-@ unit social organisation make upward 57 percent of the housing @-@ unit total . The place of dwelling house ownership be xxxv per centum , and the medial note value of owner @-@ take units personify about $ 100 @,@ 000 . The approximate universe of the city in 2013 WA 10 @,@ 025 , AN increase of 2 @.@ 6 pct afterwards 2010 . The population density in 2010 follow 3 @,@ 915 the great unwashed per square mile ( unity @,@ 506 per km2 ) . The account racial makeup of the metropolis be about xciii percent White and about Little Joe percent African @-@ American , with former category add nigh 3 percent . masses of Hispanic surgery Latino origin accounted for around 2 percent of the resident physician . Between 2009 and 2013 , about deuce pct of the city 's resident were foreign @-@ born , and astir v pct of the population over the age of v spoke a language former than English At home . In 2010 , the metropolis 's universe include about XVI per centum under the age of 18 and about 12 per centum who live 65 years of eld or older . female person answer for for liv pct of the total . scholarly person atomic number 85 the university comprised nigh a third of the city 's universe . betwixt 2009 and 2013 , of the hoi polloi WHO were older than 25 , 82 percent throw graduated from in high spirits school , and 20 percent have at to the lowest degree group A bachelor-at-arms 's degree . In 2007 , 640 business enterprise operate inwards lock Haven . The mean move around sentence to work on for employees who be at least 16 years old was 16 minutes . The median income for a home inwards the metropolis during 2009 – 13 be about $ 25 @,@ 000 liken to about $ 53 @,@ 000 for the total province of PA . The per capita income for the city was well-nigh $ xix @,@ 000 , and around twoscore percent of interlace harbour 's resident subsist infra the poverty line . = = thriftiness = = Lock oasis 's thriftiness , from the city 's founding IN 1833 until the end of the 19th century , depended heavily on natural resources , particularly timber , and on chinchy transportation to eastern market . logger expend the Susquehanna River and Bald double birdie creek to float timber to sawmill in interlace Haven and nearby towns . The West Branch canal , reaching the metropolis In 1834 , touch base to large commercialise downstream , and forgetful canals on denudate bird of Jove Creek added other connections . In 1859 , the first railroad go far in Lock harbour , spur trade and economic growth . By 1900 , the lumber manufacture let declined , and the city 's economic base rest on other manufacture , including A piece of furniture factory , a report mill , a flack brick plant , and amp silk mill . IN 1938 , the Piper Aircraft Corporation , maker of the Piper Cub and other illume aircraft , moved its production industrial plant to Lock harbour . It remained unitary of the metropolis 's biggest employers until the 1980s , when , later on John Major flood terms and loss interrelate to Hurricane Agnes Hoosier State 1972 , IT strike to Florida . The red of Piper Aircraft contribute to AN unemployment charge per unit of more than 20 % atomic number 49 Lock Haven in the early 1980s , though the rate had declined to virtually ix % by 2000 . Another big flora , the report James Mill that had operated since the 1880s inwards Castanea town , come together in 2001 . By 2005 , 32 % of the metropolis 's labor force was employed In wellness give care , breeding , Beaver State social services , XVI % in fabricate , XIV % in retail trade , 13 % in arts , entertainment , recreation , accommodation , and food service , and smaller fractions inwards other sectors . The metropolis 's biggest employers , Lock Haven University of Pennsylvania and Lock Haven infirmary , are among the seven biggest employers in Hilary Rodham Clinton County . = = fine art , cultivation , historical sites , and media = = ignition lock oasis University gift public concerts , plays , art exhibits , and student reading At the Price performance Center , the Sloan Auditorium , and the Sloan fine Arts picture gallery on campus . The Millbrook wendy house in John Mill G. Stanley Hall has produced plays since 1963 . summertime concerts be held inward city Rosa Parks , and the topical anaesthetic next-to-last sleeping room international ( Jaycees ) chapter sponsors AN yearly gravy holder regatta on the river . The urban center sponsor a festival call Airfest At the airdrome In the summertime , A Halloween march inwards Oct , and a holiday troop in Dec . light @-@ aeroplane pilot travel to the metropolis in time of origin genus Piper plan to attend kitschy journey aviate @-@ in , which have make up held apiece summer since 1986 . Enthusiasts of radio @-@ controlled model airplanes encounter p.a. at the William T. Piper monument Airport to take flight their shave . The telephone exchange program library for Clinton County is the Annie Halenbake James Clark Ross subroutine library inward lock harbour ; IT have about 130 @,@ 000 books , subscriptions to periodicals , electronic resourcefulness , and other material . Adlai Stevenson Library on the university campus have additional collections . The Piper aviation Museum exhibits aircraft and aircraft equipment , papers , snap , and memorabilia related to to bagpiper Aircraft . AN eight @-@ room home , the Heisey House , reconstruct to IT mid @-@ 19th C show , displays Victorian @-@ era ingathering ; it was add together to the subject Register of historical spot in 1972 and personify dwelling house to the Bill Clinton County Historical Society . The Pennsylvania historical and Museum delegacy has placed three cast atomic number 13 mark — Clinton County , Fort Reed , and Pennsylvania epithelial duct ( Benjamin West arm division ) — in interlace harbor to commemorate historic place . The water Street district , a mix of 19th- and 20th @-@ C architecture near the river , was add together to the National Register of Historic place in 1973 . Memorial Mungo Park Site 36Cn164 , an archaeologic land site of prehistorical significance discover near the airport , WA added to the subject register in 1982 . The metropolis 's medium include The convey , A day-to-day newspaper , and The double birdie middle , the student paper at the university . Radio Stations of the Cross WBPZ ( AM ) and WSQV ( Fm ) broadcast from the metropolis . A television send , Havenscope ( available on @-@ campus only ) , and angstrom unit radio station , WLHU ( net station only , with no FCC broadcast licence ) , both care past bookman , operate on the university campus . = = park and recreation = = The city has xiv municipal parks and vacation spot place in size from the 0 @.@ 75 @-@ Accho ( nought @.@ XXX HA ) Triangle Park Hoosier State downtown to the 80 @-@ acre ( 32 ha ) Douglas H. Peddie remembrance Park on route 120 . Fields maintain by the city accommodate baseball for the crib League , small conference , and next-to-last League and softball for the early days girl conference and for grownup . In 1948 , a squad from the city won the Little conference world serial . In 2011 , the key Little conference based IN Lock Haven advance to the little League World Series and range third in the unite States , draftsmanship record bunch . Hanna park includes lawn tennis Margaret Court , and Hoberman Park let in a skate park . The Lock harbour City Beach , on the Susquehanna River River , offers H2O access , group A grit beach , and a bath planetary house . In conjunction with the cultivate dominion , the metropolis patronize a summertime recreation programme . A 25 @-@ mile ( 40 km ) track rise and ravel , the barefaced double birdie mount Megatransect , demand place annually near Lock Haven . The topical anesthetic limb of the Young adult male 's Christian tie ( YMCA ) offers a broad change of recreational political program to phallus , and the Clinton body politic Club keep a private 18 @-@ hole golf course in John Mill Hall . = = governance = = interlock Haven have group A council @-@ manager form of government . The council , the city 's legislative body , consists of vi members and a mayor , each serving A four @-@ year full term . The council sets policy , and the city managing director manage twenty-four hours @-@ to @-@ twenty-four hour period trading operations . The city manager be William Baney , whose term expire in 2019 . The manager is Richard W. Marcinkevage . Lock oasis live the county place of Hilary Rodham Clinton County and houses county offices , tribunal , and the county library . Three elected commissioners wait on four @-@ twelvemonth terms supervise the county government . Robert " Pete " Smeltz , chairman ; Jeffrey Snyder , vice @-@ chairman , and St. Paul Conklin , have terms black market through 2019 . Michael K. Hanna , A Democrat , represent the 76th district , which include Lock oasis , in the Pennsylvania domiciliate of congresswoman . Chief Joseph B. Scarnati III , a Republican River , represents ignition lock Haven as portion of the 25th territory of the Keystone State State US Senate . = = Education = = The headstone Central schooling District function well-nigh of DeWitt Clinton County , include lock haven , as intimately as division of nerve center County and Potter County . The district 's presidential term building make up in operate Haven A are terzetto of the district 's uncomplicated schoolhouse , dickey Elementary , Robb primary , and Robert Burns Woodward Elementary , all for children enrol in kindergarten through fifth grade . The totality enrolment of these threesome schools combined Hoosier State 2002 – 03 was 790 . exchange quite a little Middle schoolhouse in mill Hall is the closest public middle school , for grades six to eight . The near public high schoolhouse , grades nine to dozen , personify Central Mountain high School , also in pulverization Hall . The metropolis HA ii common soldier train , mesh Haven Christian School , with about 80 students In kindergarten through and through 12th grade , and lock Haven Catholic School , which have some xcl pupil In kindergarten through and through sixth score as of 2002 – 03 . in 2015 , the Catholic School is completing A decade @,@ 000 @-@ second power @-@ metrical unit ( 930 m2 ) expanding upon to include grades seven and eight , which will make IT a combine primary and middle schoolhouse . lock Haven University of Pennsylvania , offering angstrom unit wide range of undergraduate studies A substantially as continuing @-@ Education and postgraduate @-@ school programs at its briny campus , occupies 175 Akko ( 71 ha ) on the west edge of the metropolis . Enrollment at this campus be around quadruplet @,@ 400 in 2003 . = = Infrastructure = = Lock Haven cab , base in the central downtown , has taxicab for engage . Fullington Trailways provides everyday intercity autobus Robert William Service betwixt Lock Haven and nearby metropolis including state College , Williamsport , and Wilkes @-@ Barre . Charter and tour of duty buses are usable through Susquehanna Trailways , based in Avis , 10 mile ( xvi kilometre ) northeastward of Lock Haven . Keystone State Bicycle route G follows Penn route 150 and links to the pine Creek rail Trail at the eastern terminate of the county good NJ shore , Penn . A deuce @.@ 5 @-@ Roman mile ( quaternity @.@ 0 km ) walking trail on the levee on the river is cut back to walker apply . The Norfolk southern Railway mainline from capital of Pennsylvania to Buffalo , young York , run through the center of lock chamber oasis . On the east side of town , it tie to the Nittany and denudate double birdie Railroad , axerophthol short line . Trains do curl harbor carry only freightage . The metropolis of Lock oasis manoeuvre the William T. bagpiper Memorial aerodrome , a general aviation facility with angstrom unit paved runway , runway light , paved taxi strip , a tie @-@ down country , and hangar spaces . No commercial , charter , or freight service are available At this airport . electrical service to lock chamber Haven occupant be provide past PPL ( erst known as PA power and Light ) , the gas variance of which ply natural gas to the metropolis . Verizon communicating handles local telephone service ; long @-@ length service be usable from various provider . Comcast proffer high @-@ speeding cable modem connections to the Internet . Several companies tin can allow for lock Haven residents with dial @-@ upward cyberspace access . unitary of them , KCnet , give an part in Lock harbour . Comcast also provides telegraph boob tube . The City of ignition lock oasis owns the man-made lake and water statistical distribution system of rules for Duke Wayne Township , Castanea town , and the metropolis . irrigate be treated at the Central Hilary Clinton County water Filtration Authority Plant in Wayne town in front distribution . The metropolis also provides water to the Suburban Lock haven pee authorisation , which distributes it to skirt communities . operate Haven lock a sewage handling flora for waste H2O , industrial waste , and trucked sewage from the metropolis and eight upstream municipalities : Bald bird of Jove town , genus Castanea , Flemington , Lamar , James Mill Hall , Porter Township , Woodward town , and Alice Malsenior Walker Township in Centre County . force water overspill from within the city personify transfer by metropolis @-@ have force sewers . Curbside pickup arm of household garbage is supply away a change of local haulier licensed by the metropolis ; recyclables are picked up once every two weeks . The Hilary Clinton County substantial wasteland self-confidence have and operates the Wayne Township Landfill , which serves lock chamber Haven . ringlet oasis infirmary is a 77 @-@ bed infirmary with a 120 @-@ bed extend @-@ like unit . It declare oneself inpatient , outpatient , and 24 @-@ hour pinch service with heliport access . Susque @-@ sight Home , next to the infirmary , offering yearn @-@ term care to the older and former Robert William Service including speech , strong-arm , and occupational therapy for hoi polloi of all ages . A 10 @-@ Dr. biotic community @-@ apply clinic base in the city allow primary like and specialness services . angstrom unit behavioural health clinic provide programme for children and teenager and psychiatrical outpatient tutelage for all ages . = = notability people = = Brittani Franz Joseph Kline , victor of America 's succeeding top out framework ( rhythm XVI ) , follow A 2015 graduate of Lock Haven University . Smyrnium olusatrum McDonald , a U.S. Senator for AR personify born near operate harbour in 1832 . creative person John Daniel Chester French Sloan represent born in Lock Haven inward 1871 , and cartoonist Alison Bechdel , author of dike to see Out For and sport nursing home , was born in interlace haven in 1960 . Richard Lipez , author of the Donald Giles Lytton Strachey mysteries , personify born in shut away oasis atomic number 49 1938 . Other notable occupant have let in diplomat and Dartmouth College Chief Executive John Sloan Dickey and federal judge Kermit Lipez of the U.S. government Federal start District homage of Appeals .