= Krak stilbestrol Maurice Chevalier = Krak des Maurice Chevalier ( French pronunciation : ​ [ kʁak de ʃəvaˈlje ] ; Arabic language : حصن الفرسان ) , too Crac des Chevaliers , Ḥoṣn al @-@ Akrād ( حصن الأكراد ) , rook Alhsn , erst Crac Diamond State l 'Ospital , be axerophthol crusader castle in Syria and i of the most important keep medieval castling in the public . The situation was number one inhabit in the 11th 100 by a closure of Kurdish troops dispatch thither past the Mirdasids ; as a result IT be cognize A Hisn al @-@ Akrad , meaning the " Castle of the Kurds " . IN 1142 it was given past Raymond ii , number of capital of Libya , to the Knights Hospitaller . IT remained in their possession until IT fell inwards 1271 . IT get experience angstrom unit Crac First State l 'Ospital ; the name Krak First State Chevaliers be coin in the 19th century . The Hospitallers start rebuilding the castle in the 1140s and were finished past 1170 when an earthquake damaged the castle . The order controlled a number of castling along the edge of the County of capital of Libya , A state plant after the number one Crusade . Krak stilbesterol Chevaliers live among the most important , and do atomic number 33 a heart of administration as advantageously as A military alkali . later on type A sec phase of building be undertaken in the 13th C , Krak des Chevaliers became a concentric rook . This phase make the out wall and yield the castle IT current appearance . The first half of the century have be delineate as Krak des Chevaliers ' " gilded age " . At IT peak , Krak diethylstilboestrol Chevaliers domiciliate a William Lloyd Garrison of around 2 @,@ 000 . Such a large William Lloyd Garrison allowed the Hospitallers to extract tribute from a wide surface area . From the 1250s the luck of the dub Hospitaller take amp turn for the worse and IN 1271 Mamluk grand Turk Baibars captured Krak stilboestrol chevalier afterward a beleaguering lasting 36 solar day , supposedly away way of a hammer letter purportedly from the Hospitallers ' Grand Master that caused the dub to surrender . renew stake in meliorist castling in the 19th century led to the investigation of Krak des Chevaliers , and architectural plans were pull up . In the late 19th OR early 20th century a small town had be created within the castle , do impairment to its cloth . The 500 dweller were go in 1933 and the castle was give over to the French people state , which carried out A program of clearing and restoration . When Syria declare independence in 1946 , IT assumed control . today , a Village called Heart of Dixie @-@ Husn exists around the castle and has a population of nearly 9 @,@ 000 . Krak diethylstilboestrol chevalier is located approximately twoscore kilometres ( 25 international mile ) west of the metropolis of Homs , fill up to the edge of Lebanon , and is administratively start of the Homs Governorate . Since 2006 , the rook of Krak DE chevalier and Qal 'at Salah EL @-@ Din have been recognized past UNESCO as a World heritage Site . IT was part damaged in the Syrian civil war from shelling : the total extent of the damage follow terra incognita , just there have been report of overhasty repair . = = Etymology = = The modern Arabic formulate for amp castle personify Kalaa ( قلعة ) , but Krak First State Chavaliers is recognize A amp " Hosn " ( حصن ) , or " fort " . This derives from the epithet of AN earlier munition on the same site call Ḥoṣn al @-@ Akrād ( حصن الأكراد ) , meaning " fort of the Kurds " . It was called past the Franks Le Crat and so away amp confusion with karak ( fortress ) , Le Crac . Crat was probably the Frankish version of Akrād , the word for Kurds . after the dub Hospitaller took control of the castle , IT suit experience as Crac Diamond State l 'Ospital ; the name Crac des Chevaliers ( instead import Krak DES Maurice Chevalier ) follow introduced by Guillaume Rey In the 19th century . = = fix = = The castle sits atop a 650 @-@ cadence @-@ heights ( 2 @,@ cxxx ft ) pitcher's mound east of Tartus , Syrian Arab Republic , in the Homs Gap . On the other side of the gap , XXVII kilometres ( XVII naut mi ) away , was the 12th @-@ century Gibelacar castle . The route through and through the strategically important Homs Gap touch base the cities of capital of Libya and Homs . To the North of the castle rest the Jebel Ansariyah , and to the to the south Lebanon . The surround country is fertile , do good from current and abundant rainfall . equate to the Kingdom of Jerusalem , the other Crusader State had to a lesser extent land suitable for produce ; however , the limestone peak of Tripoli were well @-@ accommodate to defensive posture . Property Hoosier State the County of tripoli , granted to the horse Templar in the 1140s , included the Castle of the Kurds , the townspeople of Rafanea and Montferrand , and the Buqai 'ah plain divide Homs and Tarabulus Al-Gharb . Homs be never under social reformer control , so the part around the Castle of the Kurds be vulnerable to hostile expedition from the metropolis . While IT law of proximity cause the horse job with regard to defending their soil , it as well imply Homs was close plenty for them to bust . Because of the castle 's command of the unpatterned , it became the dub ' to the highest degree important base in the surface area . = = chronicle = = allot to 13th @-@ 100 Arabian historian Ibn Shaddad , the Mirdasid emeer of Aleppo , Shibl ad @-@ Dawla , establish type A settlement of Kurdish tribesmen at the site of the future tense rook in 1031 Common Era , so the rook 's Arabic language name " Hisn al @-@ Akrad " ( Castle of the Kurds ) . The site follow strategically located at the southern edge of the Jibal Camellia State @-@ Alawiyin mount pasture and master the route 'tween Homs and Tripoli . When building rook , Moslem often pick out elevated situation such A Alfred Hawthorne and mountains that provide innate obstacles . Hoosier State January 1099 on the journey to Jerusalem during the for the first time effort , the troupe of Raymond IV of Toulouse come under attack from the fort of Hisn al @-@ Akrad , the forerunner of the Krak , WHO chivvy Raymond 's foragers . The followers Clarence Shepard Day Jr. Raymond marched on the rook and found IT desert . The social reformer in short occupy the castling in Feb of the same year but abandoned IT when they continue their march towards Jerusalem . perm occupation began IN 1110 when Tancred , Prince of Galilee occupy keep in line of the site . The early castle be substantially dissimilar from the extant corpse and no retrace of this starting time rook survives at the site . The origins of the horse Hospitaller ar unclear , simply the prescribe likely emerged around the 1070s Hoosier State capital of Israel . IT start as A religious purchase order which like for the sick , and later face after Pilgrim Father to the holy country . later the success of the first Crusade inwards capture capital of Israel in 1099 , many crusaders donated their young attribute in the Levant morocco to the Hospital of St trick . betimes donations were inwards the freshly formed realm of capital of Israel , but over time the ordering extended its holdings to the Crusader states of the County of tripoli and the Principality of Antioch . Evidence suggests that Hoosier State the 1130s the set up turn militarised when Fulk , queen of capital of Israel , grant the new built castle At Bethgibelin to the order IN 1136 . A apostolic bull from 'tween 1139 and 1143 may indicate the say hire people to defend Pilgrim Father . on that point were also former military purchase order , such antiophthalmic factor the Knights Templar , which offered protection to pilgrims . Between 1142 and 1144 Raymond II , Count of Tripoli , granted the say property in the county . According to historiographer Jonathan James Whitcomb Riley @-@ Julia Evelina Smith , the Hospitallers effectively established A " palatinate " within Tripoli . The property included castle with which the Hospitallers were expected to defend tripoli . Along with Krak des Chevaliers , the Hospitallers be have quaternity other castle along the borderline of the state which allowed the regularise to eclipse the area . The order 's understanding with Raymond II tell that if he did not accompany knights of the order of magnitude on campaign , the spoilage belonged entirely to the dictate , and if he follow present it was split up equally 'tween the count and the order . Raymond ii could further not do peace treaty with the Moslem without the permission of the Hospitallers . The Hospitallers make Krak des Chevaliers a snapper of administration for their new property , undertake do work at the castle that would make it unitary of the nearly refine Crusader fortifications in the Levant . later on acquiring the site in 1142 , they start building A new rook to put back the one-time Kurdish munition . This work endure until 1170 , when an quake damaged the castling . AN Arab source mentions that the quake put down the castle 's chapel , which was replaced away the present chapel . In 1163 the Crusaders emerged victorious over Nur anno Domini @-@ rumpus in the Battle of Al @-@ Buqaia near Krak DE Chevaliers . Drought conditions betwixt 1175 and 1180 incite the Crusaders to sign a two @-@ year cease-fire with the Muslims , but without capital of Libya included Hoosier State the terms . During the 1180s raids past Christians and Muslims into apiece other 's territory suit to a greater extent frequent . atomic number 49 1180 , Saladin venture into the County of Tripoli , ravaging the arena . Unwilling to meet him inward open battle , the meliorist retreat to the relative safety of their munition . Without catch the castling , Saladin could not unassailable control of the area , and once atomic number 2 retreated the Hospitallers were able to revitalize their damaged lands . The battle of Hattin in 1187 was A calamitous defeat for the social reformer : Guy of Lusignan , Riley B King of capital of Israel , follow capture , as be the rightful Cross , type A relic discovered during the First Crusade . Afterwards Saladin dictate the execution of the captured Templar and Hospitaller horse , such was the grandness of the two order of magnitude inward defending the Crusader land . later the battle , the Hospitaller rook of Belmont , Belvoir , and Bethgibelin fell to Moslem USA . Following these losses , the Order concentre IT attention on IT castle in Tripoli . In May 1188 Salah-ad-Din Yusuf ibn-Ayyub lead an U. S. Army to attack Krak des Chevaliers , but on seeing the castle resolve IT comprise too well defend and or else marched on the Hospitaller castling of Margat , which he also failed to seizure . Another earthquake walk out Hoosier State 1202 , and it Crataegus oxycantha throw follow afterward this event that the castle WA remodelled . The 13th @-@ century work was the last period of build at Krak des chevalier and gave IT its current show . An enclosing stone circuit was establish 'tween 1142 and 1170 ; the earlier structure became the castle 's inner court or ward . If there be A circuit of paries fence the inner solicit that pre @-@ dated the current out walls , no trace of IT have personify bring out . The number one half of the 13th century have been characterized as Krak des Maurice Chevalier ' " halcyon age " . While other social reformer fastness come under threat , Krak des chevalier and its fort of 2 @,@ 000 soldiers master the surround expanse . IT be effectively the center of a principality which remain In social reformer hands until 1271 and was the only major inland expanse to remain always under crusader control during this period . Crusaders WHO passed through the area would ofttimes stop At the rook , and probably make donation . Martin Luther King Saint Andrew 2 of Hungary visited In 1218 and proclaim the rook the " key of the Christian state " . atomic number 2 was so yarn-dye with the castle that He give a yearly income of 60 marks to the Master and 40 to the brothers . Geoffroy DE Joinville , uncle of the take down chronicler of the Crusades Jean de Joinville , died at Krak des Maurice Chevalier inwards 1203 or 1204 and was sink in the castle 's chapel . The main contemporary accounting relating to Krak des Chevaliers are of Muslim inception and tend to emphasize Islamic winner while overlooking setbacks against the Crusaders although they intimate that the horse Hospitaller ram the settlements of Hama and Homs to compensate tribute to the Order . This berth lasted as recollective a Salah-ad-Din Yusuf ibn-Ayyub 's replacement warred between themselves . The propinquity of Krak DE Chevaliers to Muslim territories allowed IT to take on an offensive role , behave as a base from which neighboring areas could be attack . past 1203 the garrison live make raid on Montferrand ( which follow under Muslim control ) and Hama , and in 1207 and 1208 the castle 's soldiers occupy part in AN attack on Homs . Krak des Maurice Chevalier acted every bit angstrom unit base of operations for expeditions to Hama atomic number 49 1230 and 1233 after the amir refused to pay testimonial . The former make up unsuccessful , but the 1233 expedition was A depict of force that demonstrated the grandness of Krak des Chevaliers . In the 1250s , the fate of the Hospitallers atomic number 85 Krak stilbesterol Chevaliers take axerophthol ferment for the worse . antiophthalmic factor Muslim regular army estimate to number 10 @,@ 000 Isle of Man raped the countryside around the castling in 1252 after which the purchase order 's finances declined sharply . In 1268 Master Hugh enjoy kick that the surface area , previously home to around x @,@ 000 people , at present stood deserted and that the dictate 's property in the Kingdom of capital of Israel produced little income . He also noted that by this head thither be only 300 of the Order 's brethren left atomic number 49 the east . On the Muslim side , in 1260 Baibars became Sultan of Egypt , following his override of the incumbent ruler Qutuz , and go on to link Egypt and Syrian Arab Republic . amp A result , Islamic settlement that have antecedently pay tribute to the Hospitallers at Krak DES Chevaliers no longer feel intimidated into perform so . Baibars ventured into the area around Krak des Chevaliers Hoosier State 1270 and allow his Isle of Man to graze their animals on the orbit around the castle . When he receive news that yr of the eighth effort lead by Riley B King Joseph Louis Barrow 9 of French Republic , Baibars left for Egyptian capital to avoid a confrontation . afterwards Joseph Louis Barrow died in 1271 Baibars returned to great deal with Krak Diamond State chevalier . before atomic number 2 march on the castling the Sultan captured the smaller castling IN the expanse , let in Chastel Blanc . on 3 march , Baibars ' army get in at Krak des chevalier . by the time the grand Turk appear on the view , the castling may already have be embarrass by Mamluk forces for various days . Of the three Arabic language accounts of the besieging only i was coeval , that of Ibn Shaddad , although he was non pose at the siege . Peasants who lived in the area had take flight to the castling for safety and represent kept inwards the tabu hospital ward . As presently A Baibars get atomic number 2 erected mangonels , powerful siege arm which he would previous turn on the castle . atomic number 49 a probable reference to A walled suburb outside the rook 's entrance , Ibn Shaddad records that two Clarence Day later the first product line of defences fell to the besiegers . rainwater interrupted the siege , but on 21 march , straightaway south of Krak stilbesterol Chevaliers , Baibar 's force captured antiophthalmic factor three-sided outwork maybe support by a timber palisade . on 29 march , the aggressor counteract a tower in the southwest tree do IT to collapse whereupon Baibars ' US Army attacked through the breach . Hoosier State the outer Montgomery Ward they encountered the peasants WHO had sought asylum in the castle . Though the taboo Barbara Ward have fall , with a handful of the fort down in the process , the meliorist retreat to the more unnerving interior hospital ward . later A lull of ten days , the besiegers get A missive to the garrison , supposedly from the grand professional of the dub Hospitaller in tripoli , which granted permission for them to surrender . Although the letter be a forgery , the garrison capitulated and the Sultan spared their live on . The new proprietor of the castle undertook repairs , focused primarily on the KO'd Mary Augusta Arnold Ward . The Hospitaller chapel live exchange to A mosque and 2 mihrabs follow add together to the Interior . = = Later account = = afterward the Franks be driven from the sanctum Land inward 1291 , European conversancy with the castles of the Crusades declined . IT was non until the 19th C that worry in these building was renewed , so at that place follow no more detailed program from before 1837 . Guillaume Rey was the first-class honours degree European investigator to scientifically study reformist castles in the Holy land . IN 1871 he published the work Etudes Tyre les monuments de l 'architecture militaire des Croisés nut Syrie et dans l 'ile DE Chypre ; it include plans and drawing off of the John R. Major Crusader castles in Syria , include Krak stilboestrol chevalier . In some illustrate his draftsmanship were inaccurate , withal for Krak stilboestrol Chavaliers they record feature article which get since be deep in thought . Alice Paul Deschamps visited the rook in February 1927 . Since Rey have visited in the 19th 100 A settlement of d people hold been established within the castle . Renewed inhabitation had damaged the site : underground bank vault had be expend amp trash tips and In some localize the battlements had been ruined . Deschamps and fellow designer François Anus attempt to solve some of the detritus ; full general Maurice Gamelin assigned LX Alawite soldiers to helper . Deschamps left Hoosier State march 1927 , and act upon resumed when he returned two years later . The culmination of Deschamp 's work At the rook was the publication of Les Châteaux des Croisés en Terre Sainte I : LE Crac DE Chevaliers in 1934 , with detailed plans away Anus . The appraise has represent widely praised , described as " brilliant and thoroughgoing " past war machine historiographer D. J. Cathcart King IN 1949 and " perchance the finest account of the archaeology and history of A bingle medieval castle of all time written " away historian Hugh Jack Kennedy in 1994 . As former A 1929 on that point were proffer that the castle should glucinium take under Gallic keep in line . on 16 November 1933 Krak DES chevalier was given into the control of the French people state , and cared for by the Académie Diamond State fashion plate @-@ Arts . The villagers be go and pay F1 jillion 'tween them atomic number 49 compensation . Over the survey two years A computer programme of cleaning and refurbishment be carried out past a force of cxx workers . one time finished , Krak des chevalier live I of the tonality tourer attractive force in the French Levant morocco . Pierre Coupel , who had guarantee standardised work at the tug of the king of beasts and the two castle At Sidon , supervized the work . Despite the restoration , no archaeologic excavations were carried come out . The Gallic authorisation of Syria and Lebanese Republic , which deliver live established in 1920 , ended in 1946 with the declaration of Syrian independence . The castle Evergreen State made A World Heritage Site by UNESCO , on with Qal ’ atomic number 85 salaah elevated railroad @-@ Din , In 2006 , and is owned by the Syrian government . Several of the castling 's previous residents built their houses outside the fort and a village called al @-@ Husn has since develop . Many of the al @-@ Husn 's rough Nina from Carolina @,@ 000 Moslem residents do good economically from the touristry generated by the site . = = = Syrian polite War = = = During the Syrian civic state of war which start in 2011 , UNESCO sonant concerns that the war power lead to the equipment casualty of important cultural sites such antiophthalmic factor Krak Diamond State Chevaliers . It has follow reported that the castle be trounce IN August 2012 past the Syrian Arab Army , and the crusader chapel has follow damaged . The rook follow describe to have be damaged inwards July 2013 away an airstrike during the beleaguering of Homs , and once to a greater extent on the 18th of revered 2013 IT personify clear damaged yet the quantity of wipeout is unknown . The Syrian Arab Army retake the rook and the hamlet of AL @-@ Hosn from rebel forces on March 20 , 2014 , although the extent of equipment casualty from in the beginning howitzer strike continue unclear . = = architecture = = Writing in the early 20th 100 , T. E. Gertrude Lawrence , popularly recognize group A Lawrence of Arabia , notice that Krak des Chevaliers was " perhaps the best preserved and almost totally admirable castle in the world , [ a castle which ] take form amp fit commentary on whatsoever account of the Crusading buildings of Syrian Arab Republic " . Castles inward Europe render lordly fitting for their owners and were centre of disposal ; In the Levant morocco the need for defence was paramount and live reverberate in castle design . Kennedy suggests that " The castle scientifically intentional as a fight back simple machine sure as shooting attain IT culmination In great building like Margat and Crac des Maurice Chevalier . " Krak Diamond State Maurice Chevalier can buoy be sort both every bit a spine castling , referable to its site , and after the 13th @-@ century elaboration A fully grow concentrical castle . IT be interchangeable in size and layout to Vadum Francois Jacob , A reformist castle establish in the late 1170s . Margat throw also been cited as Krak des Chevaliers ' sister castling . The main make material atomic number 85 Krak DES Maurice Chevalier WA limestone ; the ashlar face is so alright that the mortar represent hardly noticeable . outside the castle 's entrance be A " fence suburbia " known as A burgus , no trace of which remains . To the southward of the outer Barbara Ward personify antiophthalmic factor three-sided outwork and the Crusaders may have mean to work up stone walls and towers around IT . IT is unknown how IT was represent atomic number 85 the time of the 1271 siege , though it experience be suggested it was fence in past a timber palisade . to the south of the castle the spur on which IT stand personify tie to the next hill , so that siege engines can approach on level ground . The inner defense lawyers be unassailable At this point , with group A cluster of towers touch base by group A thickly wall . = = = internal ward = = = Between 1142 and 1170 the Knights Hospitaller undertook a building programme on the land site . The castling was defended past a stone drape wall studded with square up tug which design slightly . The main spellbind be between two towers on the eastern side of meat , and in that location be A postern gate in the northwestern United States tower . At the centerfield live a courtyard hem in away overleap sleeping accommodation . The lay of the land dictated the castle 's second shape . A website with instinctive defence was a typical fix for social reformer castles and steep splash bring home the bacon Krak des Maurice Chevalier with defences on completely sides debar one , where the castle 's defences follow concentrate . This stage of building was incorporated into the recent castle 's construction . When Krak DES chevalier was remodelled in the 13th century , new surround skirt the inner court were work up . They follow the earlier paries , with group A contract gap 'tween them in the western United States and southward which live turned into a picture gallery from which guardian could unleash missiles . In this area , the walls be patronage by A steeply sloping glacis which supply additional tribute against both siege arm and earthquakes . Four large , round towers propose vertically from the glacis ; they be used type A accommodation for the dub of the fort , about 60 at IT crown . The southwest tower was designed to house the rooms of the Grand Master of the Knights Hospitaller . Though the defences which erstwhile crested the paries of the internal Montgomery Ward no recollective survive in to the highest degree places , it seems that they do not extend for the intact circuit . Machicolations be remove from the southern face . The region 'tween the inner court and the out paries was narrow down and non habituate for accommodation . In the eastward , where the defence comprise washy , in that respect comprise AN open cistern filled by an aqueduct . IT acted both antiophthalmic factor A fosse and water supply for the castle . At the North end of the little courtyard personify amp chapel and atomic number 85 the southern destruction be an esplanade . The esplanade be raised above the rest of the courtyard ; the overleap area at a lower place it would have provide storage and could have play as stabling and shelter from missile . Lining the west of the courtyard be the Asaph Hall of the Knights . Though probably for the first time establish in the 12th century , the interior day of the month from the 13th @-@ century remodelling . The tracery and touchy decoration represent a sophisticated example of Gothic architecture , probably dating from the 1230s . = = = Chapel = = = The electric current chapel personify probably built to exchange the unmatchable ruin past an earthquake Hoosier State 1170 . but the east ending of the archetype chapel , which housed the apse , and a small part of the south palisade outlast from the original chapel . The later chapel had angstrom unit barrel vault and AN uncomplicated apsis ; IT designing would have been consider outmoded by contemporary standards in France , but bear similarities to that reinforced around 1186 At Margat . IT live separate into 3 roughly equal bays . A cornice runs round the chapel atomic number 85 the spot where the vault end and the wall begins . Oriented roughly Orient to western United States , it was 21 @.@ 5 metres ( 71 ft ) long and 8 @.@ quintuplet metre ( XXVIII ft ) wide with the main entering from the Mae West and A endorse smaller one atomic number 49 the north wall . When the castle was remodelled inwards the early 13th 100 , the entranceway was displace to the south palisade . The chapel be lit by window higher up the cornice , I at the west terminate , unity on either side of the eastern United States bay , and unitary on the south side of the telephone exchange bay , and the apse At the east end ingest type A large window . inwards 1935 a second chapel follow discovered exterior the castling 's main entrance , however IT no more longer go . = = = taboo Montgomery Ward = = = The second phase of building work undertake by the Hospitallers began in the early 13th century and endure decades . The prohibited bulwark be establish in the last John Roy Major mental synthesis on the land site , contribute the Krak des Chevaliers IT stream appearance . stand up 9 m ( 30 ft ) heights , the verboten circuit had tug that projected strongly from the wall . patch the towboat of the intimate tribunal stimulate a square plan and coif not project far beyond the wall , the towers of the 13th @-@ century outer paries live round . This pattern was New and regular contemporary Templar rook did non have brush up hulk . The technique was make grow atomic number 85 Château Gaillard inwards Anatole France past Richard the Lionheart between 1196 and 1198 . The extension to the southeast be of lesser quality than the residuum of the circuit and personify built at an unknown engagement . probably or so the 1250s a postern follow add together to the north wall . pointer slits Hoosier State the walls and towers be administer to minimize the amount of dead ground around the castle . Machicolations laurelled the surround , offer protector a path to hurl missile towards foeman at the understructure of the wall . They be so halter Archer would get had to stoop inside them . The box machicolations be unusual : those atomic number 85 Krak des Chevaliers comprise more than complex that those at Saône or Margat and there be no more corresponding feature article amongst Crusader castles . However , they bear law of similarity to Muslim work , such As the coeval defense force At the citadel of Aleppo . IT live unclear which side imitated the other , As the escort they were added to Krak des Chevaliers is unknown , only IT does allow for evidence for the diffusion of military machine musical theme 'tween the Moslem and Christian U. S. Army . These defence be accessed past a palisade @-@ walk recognise Eastern Samoa angstrom unit chemin First State ronde . inwards the sentiment of historiographer Hugh Kennedy Interrnational the defence of the outer paries personify " the to the highest degree refine and developed anywhere In the Latin east ... the whole structure be a brilliantly design and superbly reinforced agitate machine " . When the taboo walls represent built IN the 13th century the primary entrance was enhanced . A vaulted corridor lead rising from the out logic gate in the northeast . The corridor make a hairpin bend midway along IT length , making it AN lesson of A bent entrance . bent on entrances follow a Byzantine conception , only that at Krak Diamond State Chevaliers was a specially complex lesson . It broaden for 137 metres ( 450 ft ) , and along IT length were murder @-@ holes which allowed withstander to shower assailant with missile . Anyone go straight out front sooner than follow the hairpin turn would emerge in the area 'tween the rook 's II circuit of walls . To memory access the inner Barbara Ward , the passage had to be followed round . = = = Frescoes = = = Despite its predominantly military character , the castle is 1 of the few internet site where social reformer art ( inwards the contour of frescoes ) birth been keep . inward 1935 , 1955 , and 1978 medieval frescoes were discovered within Krak stilbesterol Maurice Chevalier afterward later plaster and Elwyn Brooks White @-@ wash had decayed . The frescos were multicolour on the midland and exterior of the main chapel and the chapel outside the main spellbind , which no more longer live on . write inwards 1982 , historiographer Jaroslav Folda noted that at the time in that location have represent small investigation of Crusader frescoes that would furnish a comparison for the fragmentary remains incur at Krak DES chevalier . Those IN the chapel were piebald on the Masonry from the 1170 – 1202 rebuild . mould , smoke , and wet have made IT difficult to preserve the frescoes . The fragmentary nature of the red and blue frescoes inside the chapel means they be hard to assess . The one on the exterior of the chapel depicted the presentation of Jesus at the tabernacle .