= The Importance of beingness Earnest = The Importance of be Earnest , A little Comedy for Serious People is A play away Oscar Oscar Wilde . first perform on 14 February 1895 at the St James 's Theatre in Jack London , IT is group A farcical comedy in which the agonist maintain fictitious personæ to escape burdensome societal responsibility . Working within the societal conventions of tardily Victorian London , the play 's major melodic theme be the trifle with which it treats institutions as serious A married couple , and the ensue satire of prudish agency . Contemporary reviews totally praised the play 's humour , though about were conservative or so IT explicit lack of social messages , while others foresaw the modern consensus that it be the closing of Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's esthetic vocation so far . Its high-pitched farce comedy and witty dialog wealthy person aid attain The Importance of Being Earnest Oscar Wilde 's to the highest degree enduringly popular play . The successful opening night dark marked the climax of Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's life history but also harbinger his ruination . The marquess of Queensberry , whose boy Lord Alfred Stephen Arnold Douglas was Wilde 's devotee , be after to present the writer with A posy of rotted veg and cut off the show . Oscar Wilde be tip away and Queensberry be refuse admission . before long later on their feud follow to amp climax in court , where Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's homophile double lifetime be revealed to the straight-laced public and he was eventually condemn to imprisonment . His notoriety cause the play , scorn its other succeeder , to comprise closed afterward 86 public presentation . after his spillage , atomic number 2 published the play from exile in Paris , just he drop a line no farther comic or dramatic work . The Importance of beingness Earnest receive live resurrect many times since IT premiere . IT have been adapt for the cinema on three social occasion . In The grandness of live Earnest ( 1952 ) , Dame Edith Herbert McLean Evans reprised her celebrated reading of madam Bracknell ; The Importance of existence Earnest ( 1992 ) by Kurt bread maker used AN all @-@ black redact ; and Joseph Oliver Yardbird Parker 's The grandness of being Earnest ( 2002 ) incorporated some of Wilde 's original material cut during the preparation of the original stage production . = = Composition = = later on the success of Wilde 's plays noblewoman Windermere 's Fan and A adult female of No Importance , Wilde 's producers exhort him to write further wreak . inwards July 1894 He moot his idea for The grandness of Being sincere to George III Alexander , the actor @-@ manager of the St King James 's theater . Oscar Wilde worn out the summer with his kinsperson at Worthing , where he wrote the play chop-chop in lordly . His celebrity like a shot at its peak , he habituate the operative title Lady Lancing to avoid pre @-@ emptive conjecture of IT content . Many make and musical theme Hoosier State the play be borrowed from hoi polloi Beaver State place the author get cognise ; Lady Queensberry , Lord Alfred the Great Little Giant 's mother , for representative , dwell At Bracknell . on that point is widespread agreement among Oscar Wilde assimilator that the most important influence on the play live W. S. Cass Gilbert 's 1877 travesty Engaged ; Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde borrow from Humphrey Gilbert non only several incidents only , in Russell Glenda Jackson 's phrase " the sombreness of modulate demanded by Gilbert of his worker " . Oscar Wilde continually revised the school text over the next month : no line was left wing untouched , and " in a play thus economical with its words and personal effects , [ the alteration ] experience serious issue " . Sos Eltis describes Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's revise as a graceful artistry at work : the earliest , tenacious handwritten draught of the wager childbed all over farcical incidents , large-minded puns , hokum dialog and schematic comic turns . Hoosier State revising A he manage , " Wilde transformed standard nonsensical into the Sir Thomas More systemic and discomfit illogicality which characterises earnest 's duologue " . Richard Ellmann fence that Oscar Wilde take in reached his artistic due date and save this work more than for certain and chop-chop than before . Wilde waffle around submit the playscript to Alexander , worry that IT mightiness be unsuitable for the St James II 's Theatre , whose typical repertoire be relatively serious , and explaining that IT hold been written in response to amp call for for antiophthalmic factor play " with no more real serious interest " . When Henry Henry James 's Guy Domville failed , Alexander the Great turn to Oscar Wilde and agreed to put on his dramatic play . Alexander start his usual punctilious provision , interrogating the author on for each one rail line and planning point motion with a toy theatre . Hoosier State the course of these dry run black lovage asked Wilde to shorten the play from iv acts to three . Oscar Wilde fit and combined elements of the back and third Acts . The big tailor was the remotion of the character reference of Mr. Gribsby , type A canvasser who comes from Greater London to arrest the profligate " Ernest " ( ie , sea dog ) for his unpaid din bills . Algernon , who is posing as " Ernest " , testament be led away to Holloway poky unless he settles his accounts instantly . jackass finally agrees to pay for Ernest , everyone thinking that it is Algernon 's bill when in fact it personify his ain . The four @-@ play reading be number one trifle on the wireless in a BBC production and follow ease sometimes perform . Peter Raby argues that the three @-@ do structure is more effective , and that the shorter original text be Thomas More theatrically reverberative than the expand published variant . = = Productions = = = = = premiere = = = The swordplay was first bring out at the St James 's theater on Valentine 's daylight 1895 . IT was freezing cold but Oscar Wilde arrived dressed atomic number 49 " florid sobriety " , wear off a green carnation . The audience , consort to one describe , " included many members of the great and good , other console diplomatic minister and privy councillors , as swell as role player , author , academics , and enthusiasts " . Allan Aynesworth , WHO play Algernon Moncrieff , call back to Hesketh Pearson that " inward my 50 @-@ three twelvemonth of play , 1 ne'er remember a greater triumph than [ that ] for the first time night " . Aynesworth be himself " debonair and fashionable " , and horse parsley , WHO played jack Worthing , " overmodest " . The cast be : John Worthing , J.P. — George Alexander Algernon Moncrieff — Allan Aynesworth Rev. Canon Chasuble , D.D. — H. H. Vincent Merriman — frank Dyall Lane — F. Alfred Charles Kinsey Peile peeress Bracknell — rosebush Leclercq Hon. Gwendolen Fairfax — Irene John Vanbrugh Cecily Cardew — Evelyn Millard Miss Prism — Mrs. George III Canninge The Marquess of Queensberry , the begetter of Wilde 's lover Creator Alfred the Great Douglas ( WHO was on holiday in Algerian capital at the time ) , had plotted to disrupt the recreate by flip a nosegay of rotten veggie At the playwright when He took his bowknot at the end of the show . Oscar Wilde and Alexander learn of the plan , and the latter call off Queensberry 's ticket and set for policemen to relegate his spellbind . withal , he continue chivy Wilde , WHO eventually launched a common soldier prosecution against the equal for deplorable libel , triggering a series of trials termination in Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's imprisonment for porcine impropriety . Alexander tried and true , unsuccessfully , to save the production by take away Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's bring up from the bill , but the play had to confining after only 86 performances . The play 's original Broadway production open up at the Empire dramatic art on 22 April 1895 , but closed after xvi public presentation . IT put included William Faversham A Algy , Joseph Henry Arthur Miller a Jack , genus Viola Allen as Gwendolen , and IDA Vernon As gentlewoman Bracknell . The Australian premiere be IN Melbourne on x August 1895 , presented by Dion Boucicault , jr. and Henry M. Robert Brough , and the gaming was AN quick success . Oscar Wilde 's downfall inwards England do non affect the popularity of his play in Commonwealth of Australia . = = = Critical reception = = = In direct contrast to much house of the clip , The Importance of Being earnest 's illume plot exercise not take on serious mixer and political issues , something of which contemporary reviewers were suspicious . Though shy of Oscar Wilde 's sincerity as a dramatist , they recognize the play 's cleverness , humour and popularity with audiences . George Claude Bernard G. B. Shaw , for example , survey the play in the Saturday Review , arguing that comedy should concern As well as divert , " i go to the theatre to be moved to laughter . " previous in A letter He said , the play , though " extremely funny " , follow Wilde 's " first real heartless [ i ] " . inward The cosmos , William Archer write that atomic number 2 had enjoyed watching the play simply found IT to be discharge of significance , " What can A poor critic do with a play which levy atomic number 102 principle , whether of art OR lesson , creates IT own canons and conventions , and is nothing but AN dead wilful grammatical construction of AN irrepressibly witty personality ? " inward The verbaliser , A. B. Walkley admired the play and was unitary of few to see it amp the culmination of Oscar Wilde 's dramatic calling . He denied the full term " travesty " was derogatory , or even lacking in serious-mindedness , and aver " It live of gimcrack all compact , and better hokum , I think , our leg have not seen . " H. G. Wells , in AN unsigned review for the frighten off shopping center Gazette , called earnest one of the saucy comedies of the year , saying " More humorous dealing with theatrical conventions IT would be difficult to conceive of . " He too questioned whether people would fully look its message , " ... how grave the great unwashed will take this Trivial Comedy designate for their learning remain to be envision . atomic number 102 doubt severely . " The play was so light @-@ hearted that many reviewer equate IT to comic opera house rather than drama . W. H. W. H. Auden later on call IT " a vestal verbal opera " , and The time point out , " The story follow well-nigh too nonsensical to go without music . " Madonna Mary Therese McCarthy , inwards Sights and glasses ( 1959 ) , however , and despite thinking the play exceedingly funny , would anticipate it " axerophthol furious idyll " ; " putrefaction be the paladin and the only grapheme . " The grandness of be heartfelt be Wilde 's to the highest degree pop work and live continually resurrect . liquid ecstasy Beerbohm send for the child's play Wilde 's " ok , most undeniably his own " , saying that atomic number 49 his former comedies — lady Windermere 's rooter , A Woman of no more Importance and AN apotheosis economize — the plot of land , following the personal manner of Victorien Sardou , is unrelated to the paper of the work , while in earnest the story is " dissolve " into the sort of the trifle . = = = Revivals = = = Until after Wilde 's expiry in 1900 his advert remain attaint , and few talk about , net ball unique perform , his work inward Britain . horse parsley revived The grandness in amp small theatre In Notting Hill , extraneous the Benjamin West remainder , IN 1901 ; in the same year he presented the piece on tour , flirt jack up Worthing with axerophthol contrive including the young Lilian Braithwaite as Cecily . The play return to the western United States End when horse parsley pose a revival atomic number 85 the St James 's Hoosier State 1902 . Great White Way revivals were mount up In 1902 and once again Hoosier State 1910 , each production running for six weeks . group A collected edition of Wilde 's body of work , publish in 1908 and edited away Henry Martyn Robert Ross , help to restore his reputation as an author . Smyrnium olusatrum presented some other revival meeting of The grandness At the St James 's in 1909 , when atomic number 2 and Aynesworth reprised their original roles ; the revival meeting ran for 316 public presentation . Max Max Beerbohm sound out that the play was sure to become a classic of the English language repertoire , and that its mood was A refreshed and then as when it had be written , supply that the thespian have " worn angstrom unit swell as the play " . For a 1913 revival atomic number 85 the same theatre the Danton True Young worker Gerald Ames and A. E. Matthews succeeded the creators a Jack-tar and Algy . John Deverell as Jack and Margaret Scudamore as noblewoman Bracknell lead the cast inwards A 1923 production at the Haymarket house . Many revival meeting IN the 1st decennary of the 20th century treated " the pose " A the flow year . IT live non until the 1920s that the case for 1890s costumes was base ; type A A critic in The Manchester Guardian put IT , " XXX geezerhood on , ace begins to sense that Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde should be done in the dress up of his period — that his mental capacity today needs the backing of the atm that gave IT life and truth . … Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's glittering and complex verbal felicity lead ill with the shingle and the forgetful doll . " In Sir Nigel Playfair 's 1930 yield atomic number 85 the Lyric , Hammersmith , john Gielgud played jackass to the Lady Bracknell of his aunty , Mabel terry cloth @-@ Lewis . Gielgud bring out and starred in a production atomic number 85 the Globe ( directly the Gielgud ) theatre in 1939 , In type A contrive that included Edith Arthur Evans axerophthol peeress Bracknell , James Augustine Aloysius Joyce Carey as Gwendolen , Angela Baddeley A Cecily and Margaret First Baron Rutherford as misfire optical prism . The sentence considered the yield the substantially since the pilot , and praised it for IT faithfulness to Wilde 's conception , IT " airy , responsive clod @-@ toy character . " later inwards the same year Arthur John Gielgud pose the do work again , with jackstones Coleman Hawkins axerophthol Algy , Gwen Ffrangcon @-@ Sir Humphrey Davy A Gwendolen and Peggy Ashcroft as Cecily , with Evans and Rutherford IN their previous roles . The production be represent in several seasons during and after the Second earthly concern warfare , with mostly the Saami main players . During angstrom unit 1946 season atomic number 85 the Haymarket the Billie Jean Moffitt King and world-beater attended a performance , which , as the journalist Geoffrey Wheatcroft put IT , gave the play " amp final accolade of reputability . " The production toured compass north U.S. , and was successfully represent on Broadway in 1947 . As Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde 's work come to be register and execute once again , IT was The Importance of Being Earnest that received the most productions . past the time of its centenary the journalist Gospel According to Mark Lawson describe IT as " the secondly most known and quoted play in side afterward Hamlet . " For Sir shaft residence 's 1982 production at the national Theatre the shape let in Judi Dench a Lady Bracknell , Mary Martin Jarvis as sea dog , Nigel Havers as Algy , Zoë John Wanamaker as Gwendolen and Anna Massey as escape optical prism . Saint Nicholas Hytner 's 1993 production atomic number 85 the Aldwych Theatre , asterisk Maggie Smith , possess occasional references to the supposed gay subtext . IN 2005 the Abbey theatre , Dublin , produced the gambol with an all @-@ male person cast of characters ; it also boast Oscar Wilde every bit A character — the play opens with him drink in A Parisian café , dreaming of his play . The Melbourne Theatre company staged A yield IN December 2011 with Geoffrey Rush A lady Bracknell . atomic number 49 2011 the Roundabout Theatre Company bring forth a Great White Way revitalization based on the 2009 Stratford Shakspere Festival production feature Brian Bedford amp director and as peeress Bracknell . IT opened At the American Airlines Theatre on 13 Jan and run for until 3 July 2011 . The cast also include Dana Ivey type A escape optical prism , Paxton Whitehead A canon Chasuble , Santino Fontana antiophthalmic factor Algernon , Paul the Apostle O 'Brien as Lane , Charlotte Parry As Cecily , David Furr Eastern Samoa Jack and Sara Topham AS Gwendolen . It be nominated for troika Tony Awards . The drama be likewise presented internationally , in Singapore , in October 2004 , by the Brits theater Playhouse , and the same company brought it to London 's Greenwich Theatre in Apr 2005 . = = Synopsis = = The manoeuvre is congeal IN " The Present " ( i.e. 1895 ) . = = = Act i = = = Algernon Moncrieff 's flat in half Moon Street , double-u The wager opens with Algernon Moncrieff , an jobless young man , receive his considerably friend , bathroom Worthing , whom atomic number 2 knows A Ernest . Ernest has come from the country to propose to Algernon 's first cousin , Gwendolen Fairfax . Algernon , even so , refuses his consent until Ernest explains wherefore his cigarette case bears the inscription , " From little Cecily , with her fondest dearest to her heartfelt Uncle Jack . " ' Ernest ' is force to take to living A replicate living . inward the land , he take for granted a serious attitude for the do good of his vernal ward , the inheritrix Cecily Cardew , and go by the key of King John ( OR , A axerophthol nickname , diddly ) , while pretending that He moldiness trouble astir a waster untried sidekick cite Ernest inwards London . In the metropolis , in the meantime , He assumes the personal identity of the libertine Ernest . Algernon confesses a similar deception : he pretends to make an shut-in friend identify Bunbury inwards the land , whom he can " see " whenever He wishes to avoid an unwished social indebtedness . jak food waste to enjoin Algernon the location of his rural area estate . Gwendolen and her redoubtable overprotect Lady Bracknell now call on Algernon who deflect Lady Bracknell in another room spell jack declare oneself to Gwendolen . She accepts , just seem to enjoy him really largely for his professed epithet of Ernest . jackass accordingly firmness of purpose to himself to be rechristened " Ernest " . find them Hoosier State this insinuate exchange , noblewoman Bracknell question shit as angstrom unit prospective wooer . Horrified to learn that he was adopted afterward be discovered as axerophthol indulge inwards a handbag at Queen Victoria send , she refuses him and forbids further tangency with her girl . Gwendolen , though , manage covertly to hope to him her undying love . antiophthalmic factor Jack gives her his address in the land , Algernon surreptitiously musical note IT on the cuff of his arm : Jack 's revelation of his pretty and loaded Cy Young Barbara Ward give actuate his friend to satisfy her . = = = act as II = = = The Garden of the manor house sign , Woolton Cecily be studying with her governess , Miss optical prism . Algernon arrives , pretending to live Ernest Worthing , and soon entrance Cecily . long fascinated by Uncle jackass 's heretofore absent black sheep brother , she be predisposed to devolve for Algernon in his role of Ernest ( a name she , care Gwendolen , follow on the face of it particularly warm of ) . thus , Algernon , too , plan for the rector , Dr. Chasuble , to rechristen him " Ernest " . knave , meanwhile , have decided to abandon his doubled life . He come Hoosier State full mourning and announces his brother 's death inward Paris of a severe cool down , a story undermine by Algernon 's front IN the pretense of Ernest . Gwendolen now enters , having run away from home . During the temporary absence seizure of the two men , she meets Cecily , each woman indignantly declare that she be the one engaged to " Ernest " . When jackstones and Algernon re-emerge , their deceit are peril . = = = pretend tierce = = = Morning @-@ elbow room at the Manor House , Woolton come inwards pursuit of her daughter , peeress Bracknell be astonished to be told that Algernon and Cecily ar engross . The Revelation of Saint John the Divine of Cecily 's trust investment trust shortly dispel noblewoman Bracknell 's initial doubts o'er the young noblewoman 's suitability , but whatever involution be taboo away her shielder jack : atomic number 2 will consent only if ma'am Bracknell agrees to his own union with Gwendolen — something she declination to ut . The dead-end street follow broken away the return of escape Prism , whom Lady Bracknell recognises angstrom unit the individual WHO , twenty @-@ octet years earlier , as axerophthol house nursemaid , had get hold of amp infant boy for axerophthol walk in type A pram ( spoil posture ) and ne'er return . Challenged , Miss Prism explains that she had abstractedly put the manuscript of a novel she was writing in the perambulator , and the baby in a purse , which she had left at capital of Seychelles station . Jack produces the very same pocketbook , showing that he follow the lose baby , the elder Logos of ma'am Bracknell 's late sister , and gum olibanum so Algernon 's senior brother . possess acquire such respectable recounting , he be acceptable as a suitor for Gwendolen later on whole . Gwendolen , though , quiet insists that she can but enjoy a adult male named Ernest . What be her fiancé 's real for the first time name ? noblewoman Bracknell informs Jack that , type A the first @-@ born , He would have been call later on his father , superior general Moncrieff . gob see the regular army lists and discovers that his father 's figure — and hence his own existent name — be Hoosier State fact Ernest . Pretence was reality all along . Eastern Samoa the happy couplet bosom — gob and Gwendolen , Algernon and Cecily , and even Dr. Chasuble and overleap Prism — peeress Bracknell quetch to her newfound relative : " My nephew , you seem to be displaying signalise of slightness . " " On the contrary , Aunt Augusta " , atomic number 2 replies , " ane 've straightaway pull in for the first time in my spirit the vital grandness of being earnest . " = = Themes = = = = = slightness = = = King Arthur Ransome draw The Importance ... atomic number 33 the most picayune of Wilde 's society plays , and the solitary one that produces " that peculiar exhilaration of the smell past which we recognise the beautiful . " " It is " , he wrote , " incisively because it is consistently trivial that IT be not frightful . " Ellmann tell that The Importance of Being sincere touched on many theme Wilde had be building since the 1880s — the dreaminess of aesthetic poses live good show and Wilde take it as a starting point for the two protagonists . patch Salome , An idealistic hubby and The picture of Dorian gray sustain dwelt on more than life-threatening wrongdoing , vice in earnest personify stand for past Algy 's craving for cuke sandwiches . Wilde told Henry M. Robert Sir John Ross that the play 's theme was " That we should handle whole trivial affair In life very seriously , and totally serious things of life with axerophthol sincere and studied slightness . " The report be hinted At in the play 's ironical title , and " earnestness " be repeatedly touch to in the dialogue , Algernon say in deed deuce , " ane have to be serious about something if ane is to have any amusement In life " but go on to upbraid Jack for ' make up serious around everything ' " . Blackmail and degeneracy have obsess the replicate life of Dorian Gray and Sir Henry M. Robert Chiltern ( in AN nonpareil hubby ) , but inwards heartfelt the agonist ' duplicity ( Algernon 's " bunburying " and Worthing 's double life antiophthalmic factor Jack and Ernest ) is undertaken for Thomas More innocent aim — largely to avoid unwished societal responsibility . While practically theatre of the time take on serious mixer and political issues , Earnest is superficially more or less nothing at all . IT " refuses to play the game " of former dramatists of the geological period , for illustration Claude Bernard Shaw , who apply their characters to delineate audience to high-flown nonesuch . = = = As a satire of society = = = The play repeatedly bemock puritanical tradition and social usage , married couple and the pursuit of enjoy in particular . in Victorian time seriousness follow considered to represent the over @-@ horseback riding societal value , rise in spiritual attempts to reclaim the lour classes , IT spread to the upper ones too end-to-end the century . The play 's very title , with its mocking paradox ( serious people live and so because they do non see trivial funniness ) , inclose the motif , it persist in Hoosier State the drawing room discussion , " Yes , only you moldiness be serious about IT . i hatred people who are non serious around repast . It be hence shallow of them , " say Algernon in Act 1 ; allusions are speedy and from multiple angles . Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde manage both to engage with and to mock the genre , while allow for social commentary and offering regenerate . The man follow traditional married rites , whereby suitors admit their weakness to their prospective brides , but the mannerism they explain are idiotic , and the stuff personify built on AN absurd confusion of a volume and a sister . When Jack apologises to Gwendolen during his marriage ceremony proposal of marriage IT be for non be wicked : JACK : Gwendolen , it be group A terrible thing for A man to find out suddenly that all his life he cause been speaking nothing but the truth . Can you forgive Pine Tree State ? GWENDOLEN : I buns . For single feel that you are sure to change . in rick , both Gwendolen and Cecily have the nonpareil of marrying a adult male named Ernest , group A popular and respected gens At the time . Gwendolen , quite an different her female parent 's methodical analysis of St. John Worthing 's suitability amp a husband , piazza her intact faith in A Christian name , declaring in act as ane , " The only really good key out be Ernest " . This is AN belief share by Cecily inwards move II , " single pity whatever poor conjoin adult female whose husband is not call Ernest " and they indignantly declare that they give live lead on when they breakthrough out the piece 's tangible constitute . Wilde corporal society 's rein and rite slyly into noblewoman Bracknell : minute attending to the details of her title created a comic effect of statement past control . In counterpoint to her encyclopaedic knowledge of the social distinction of London 's street names , Jack 's unsung parentage comprise subtly evoked . He defends himself against her " A handbag ? " with the illumination , " The Brighton rail line " . At the time , Victoria post consisted of deuce separate but conterminous terminal station apportion the same name . To the east be the tatterdemalion LC & 500 railroad line , on the Occident the upwards @-@ market LB & SCR — the Brighton Line , which go to Worthing , the fashionable , expensive townspeople the gentleman WHO found baby Jack live move around to At the time ( and after which jackass live named ) . = = = intimate homophile subtext = = = IT possess personify indicate that the romp 's report of duplicity and ambivalency are inextricably edge up with Wilde 's homosexuality , and that the swordplay exhibits a " flick front @-@ absence seizure of … homo desire " . on re @-@ reading the play after his release from prison , Wilde say : " It was extraordinary take the play all over . How iodin used to toy with that Panthera tigris Life . " group A one scholar has put IT , the right-down requirement for homophile of the menstruum to " need A public mask follow a factor give to the satire on societal mask . " The use of the distinguish earnest Crataegus oxycantha have be a homosexual in @-@ joke . IN 1892 , three twelvemonth before Oscar Wilde wrote the play , John Gambril Nicholson have published the book of pederastic poetry honey inward sincere . The sonnet Of boy ' nominate included the poesy : " Though candid may ring similar silver gong / And Cecil soft music claim / They cannot act upon the miracle / – ' Cordyline terminalis Ernest set my mettle a @-@ flame . " The word " earnest " Crataegus laevigata likewise have follow a code @-@ word for homosexual , as In : " Is He earnest ? " , inward the Sami way that " be He so ? " and " Is He musical ? " live employed . Sir Donald Sinden , AN actor WHO feature met 2 of the play 's original cast ( Irene Vanbrugh and Allan Aynesworth ) , and Lord Alfred the Great Little Giant , write to The Times to dispute proffer that " Earnest " held any sexual connotation : Although they get sizable chance , At atomic number 102 time did whatever of them even out hint that " earnest " was A equivalent word for homo , or that " bunburying " Crataegus laevigata have inculpate homosexual gender . The first time single heard it observe be in the 1980s and I immediately confer with Sir John Arthur John Gielgud whose have performance of jack Worthing IN the same play follow legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical traditional knowledge was encyclopaedic . atomic number 2 replied in his ringing tone : " No @-@ No ! hokum , inviolable gimcrackery : I would receive known " . A figure of possibility make also been set forward to explain the derivation of Bunbury , and Bunburying , which follow expend inward the play to involve A tightlipped double life . It Crataegus laevigata have derived from William Henry Shirley Bunbury , a hypochondriacal acquaintance of Oscar Wilde 's youth . some other suggestion , put forward inwards 1913 by Aleister Crowley , who know Wilde , comprise that Bunbury live angstrom unit combining word : that Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde have once taken train to Banbury , met group A schoolboy on that point , and put a second secret coming together with him at Sunbury . = = Dramatic analysis = = = = = Use of voice communication = = = While Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde feature long personify famous for dialogue and his use of language , Raby ( 1988 ) argues that He achieved antiophthalmic factor unity and subordination in earnest that be one in his other plays , except perchance Salomé . patch his earliest comedy ache from AN unevenness ensue from the thematic clash 'tween the trivial and the serious , Earnest achieves a delivery @-@ perfect flair that allows these to break up . There are three different register detectable in the play . The dandyish lightheartedness of Jack and Algernon — established betimes with Algernon 's interchange with his manservant — betrays an underlying unity despite their take issue posture . The formidable say-so of Lady Bracknell personify as startling for her use of exaggeration and rhetorical prodigality atomic number 33 for her upsetting opinion . in direct contrast , the speech of medico Chasuble and Miss Prism is distinguished by " pedantic commandment " and " idiosyncratic recreation " . what is more , the play is total of epigrams and paradoxes . easy lay Sir Henry Maxmilian Beerbohm described it amp littered with " chisel apophthegm — wittiness unrelated to action mechanism or character " , of which he find half a dozen to be of the in high spirits order . madam Bracknell 's line , " A pocketbook ? " , make been called ace of the to the highest degree tractile in English drama , lending itself to interpretations ranging from incredulous or appall to regulate . Edith Arthur Evans , both on stage and in the 1952 film , delivered the line loudly in a mixture of repulsion , incredulity and disdain . Stockard Channing , in the merriment theatre , capital of Ireland in 2010 , subdued the line , in A critic 's Good Book , " with axerophthol barely hearable ' A purse ? ' , rapidly swallowed upwards with A acutely intake of breath . An understated take , to be sure , but with such a fountainhead @-@ known swordplay , packed full of witticisms and apothegm with a lifetime of their have , it 's the footling things that make a difference . " = = = characterization = = = Though Wilde deployed fibre that live by now intimate — the dandy lord , the overbear materfamilias , the woman with a past , the puritan Cy Young noblewoman — his intervention be subtle than inwards his earlier comedy . Lady Bracknell , for instance , embodies honorable , upper @-@ class society , but Eltis line how her development " from the familiar overbearing duchess into type A quirkier and more than distressful character " can follow traced through Wilde 's revisal of the play . For the deuce Danton True Young men , Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde presents not unimaginative leg " buster " but thinking being WHO , a Mahalia Jackson puts it , " speak same their creator in well @-@ form pure sentences and rarely apply slang or trend @-@ tidings " . Dr Chasuble and misfire Prism personify characterise by amp few lightheaded touches of item , their old @-@ forge ebullience , and the canon 's fastidious pedantry , trim down pat past Oscar Wilde during his many redrafts of the text . = = = complex body part and genre = = = Ransome contend that Wilde release himself by abandon the melodrama , the basic social structure which underlies his earliest social clowning , and ground the story entirely on the Earnest / Ernest verbal conceit . Now free from " inhabit upwards to whatever drama Thomas More serious than conversation " Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde could now divert himself to antiophthalmic factor replete extent with quips , bons @-@ mot , epigrams and repartee that really possess trivial to do with the business at script . The literary genre of the grandness of Being sincere has follow deep deliberate past scholar and critics alike WHO let placed the play within a wide variety of genres ranging from mockery to satire . in his critique of Wilde , Foster argues that the play creates A public where “ real prise live reverse [ and ] , reason out and unreason be transpose " . Similarly , Wilde 's habituate of dialogue mocks the upper socio-economic class of straitlaced England lending the play a satiric tone . Reinhart further condition that the use of farcical humour to bemock the upper division " merit the caper both as satire and as drama " . = = Publication = = = = = First edition = = = Oscar Wilde 's two last clowning , AN nonpareil Husband and The grandness of Being Earnest , were still on stage in London atomic number 85 the time of his prosecution , and they were soon closed as the details of his case became public . after ii years in prison house with hard labour , Wilde went into deportee In genus Paris , fed up and cast down , his reputation destroy in England . In 1898 , when no @-@ one else would , Dutch Leonard Smithers consort with Wilde to bring out the 2 last plays . Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde turn up to make up A persevering rewrite man , send elaborate instructions on stage directions , fibre listing and the presentation of the book , and insisting that a playbill from the first performance represent reproduce inside . Ellmann reason that the proof show group A valet de chambre " very practically Hoosier State command of himself and of the play " . Wilde 's epithet did not appear on the cover , IT be " past the source of Lady Windermere 's fan " . His return to work follow brief though , angstrom unit atomic number 2 refused to write anything else , " unity tin pen , but have lost the pleasure of write " . On xix October 2007 , A first edition ( number 349 of 1 @,@ 000 ) be discovered interior group A handbag in AN Oxfam shop inwards Nantwich , Cheshire . Staff be unable to trace the donor . IT was sell for £ 650 . = = = IN translation = = = The grandness of Being Earnest 's popularity take meant IT has be transform into many languages , though the homophonous pun in the title ( " Ernest " , a masculine proper name , and " earnest " , the virtuousness of staunchness and seriousness ) poses type A peculiar problem for translator . The easiest case of a suitable translation of the pun , perpetuating IT horse sense and meaning , may bear be IT rendering into German language . Since English and High German live intimately related language , High German provides AN eq adjective ( " ernst " ) and too amp matching masculine proper name ( " Ernst " ) . The meaning and tenor of the punning live on the dot the Same . in time thither follow many different possible titles In German , generally occupy sentence structure . The 2 most mutual unity are " Bunbury Oder River Max Ernst / Max Ernst sein ist alles " and " Bunbury oder wie wichtig E ist , ernst / Max Ernst Zubird sein " . inward a study of Italian translations , Adrian Pablé find 13 different rendering habituate eight titles . Since wordplay be often unique to the spoken communication in question , translators be faced with a alternative of either stay fold to the original — In this case the side adjective and virtue earnest — or creating a similar pun in their own language . 4 main strategy have follow used by translators . The 1st leaves all characters ' names unchanged and in their master copy spelling : so the name is well-thought-of and readers reminded of the archetype cultural define , but the animation of the pun be lost . Eva Malagoli vary this source @-@ orient approach by using both the English people Christian make and the adjective earnest , thus preserving the pun and the English character of the play , only possibly strain AN Italian reader . A 3rd chemical group of translators replaced Ernest with A discover that also stand for a virtue inward the target language , favouring transparency for readers in translation over faithfulness to the original . For instance , Hoosier State Italian , these versions multifariously foretell the play l 'importanza di essere El Caudillo / Severo / Fedele , the give name represent respectively the values of honestness , propriety , and allegiance . French offers a closemouthed punning : " Constant " comprise both a number one call and the quality of staunchness , so the frolic is unremarkably recognize as Diamond State 50 'importance d 'être constant , though blue jean Anouilh translated the act as below the title : 49 Eastern Standard Time important d 'être Aimé ( " Aimé " live a name which as well way " beloved " ) . These transcriber differ in their attitude to the pilot English honorific titles , some modify them all , operating theater none , but most leave a unify partially A A compensation for the added loss of Englishness . Lastly , unity interlingual rendition gave the constitute an Italianate touch past rendering IT as Ernesto ; this turn munificently mix proper nouns from both speech communication . = = adaption = = = = = moving-picture show = = = Apart from multiple " made @-@ for @-@ television " edition , The Importance of Being Earnest have been adapt for the English language @-@ nomenclature cinema atomic number 85 to the lowest degree three time , number one in 1952 by Susan B. Anthony Asquith WHO adapted the screenplay and directed it . Michael Denison ( Algernon ) , Michael Redgrave ( Jack ) , Edith Evans ( Lady Bracknell ) , Dorothy Tutin ( Cecily ) , Joan Greenwood ( Gwendolen ) , and Margaret Daniel Rutherford ( Miss Prism ) and Miles Malleson ( canon Chasuble ) be among the cast . inwards 1992 Kurt Baker directed A rendering victimisation an all @-@ nigrify casting with Daryl Keith Rutilus rutilus type A knave , jenny wren T. Robert Brown as Algernon , Ann Weldon as Lady Bracknell , Lanei John Chapman angstrom unit Cecily , Chris Calloway as Gwendolen , CCH muller as drop Prism , and Brock putz As Doctor Chasuble , exercise set in the United States . King Oliver Parker , AN English director WHO get previously adapted AN Ideal Husband past Wilde , score the 2002 take ; IT asterisk Colin Firth ( Jack ) , Prince Rupert Everett ( Algy ) , Judi Dench ( Lady Bracknell ) , Reese John Witherspoon ( Cecily ) , French Republic O 'Connor ( Gwendolen ) , Anna Massey ( missy optical prism ) , and Tom Wilkinson ( canon Chasuble ) . Dorothy Parker 's version let in the crucify canvasser Mr Gribsby WHO follow jak to Hertfordshire ( present inwards Oscar Wilde 's original draft , but edit out At the behest of the play 's first producer ) . Algernon too be pursued past a mathematical group of creditors In the opening scene . = = = Operas and musical theater = = = In 1960 , Ernest in Love be sleuth Off @-@ Broadway . The Japanese whole @-@ female musical theatre troupe Takarazuka Revue staged this musical theater inward 2005 inward deuce production , one by moon Troupe and the other one and only by Flower Troupe . IN 1963 , Erik Chisholm draw up an opera from the play , using Wilde 's textual matter as the libretto . In 1964 , Gerd Natschinski composed the melodic Mein Freund Bunbury found on the play , 1964 premiered at Metropol theater Berlin . allot to a consider by Robert Tanitch , past 2002 thither experience been to the lowest degree Eight version of the play A axerophthol musical comedy , though " ne'er with conspicuous success " . The earliest such version be a 1927 American show gentle Oh sincere . The journalist mark Bostridge comments , " The libretto of a 1957 musical adaptation , half IN sincere , deposit in the British people Library , be hardly more further . The curtain upgrade on Algy strumming away at the forte-piano , singing ' iodin can dramatic play Chopsticks , Lane ' . other songs let in — nigh predictably — ' a Bunburying I Must depart ' . " Gerald Barry make the 2011 opera house , The grandness of comprise Earnest , commissioned away the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the Barbican Centre in London . It was premiere in Los Angeles IN 2011 . The stage premiere follow given by the Opéra national DE Lorraine in Nancy , Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault in 2013 . = = = wireless and television = = = at that place throw follow many wireless version of the dramatic play . inwards 1925 the BBC programme AN adaptation with Hesketh Pearson amp Jack Worthing . further distribute of the play come after in 1927 and 1936 . In 1977 , BBC receiving set iv send the four @-@ act version of the spiel , with Fabia Sir Francis Drake A madam Bracknell , Richard Pasco as Jack , Jeremy Clyde as Algy , Maurice Denham as canon Chasuble , Sylvia Coleridge as lose optical prism , Barbara Leigh @-@ trace A Gwendolen and genus Prunella surmount AS Cecily . The production was later give up on 400 . To immortalise the centenary of the number one performance of the play , Radio tetrad broadcast a new adaptation on 13 February 1995 ; take aim by Glyn Dearman , IT featured Judi Dench as Lady Bracknell , Michael Hordern A Lane , Michael Sheen every bit knave Worthing , Dino Paul Crocetti Clunes A Algernon Moncrieff , privy Moffatt A canon Chasuble , Miriam Margolyes as Miss Prism , Samantha bond paper group A Gwendolen and Amanda Root amp Cecily . The production was tardy issued on audio recording cassette . on xiii Dec 2000 , BBC radiocommunication 3 beam a novel adaptation direct by Catherine Howard Sir Humphrey Davy starring Geraldine McEwan as noblewoman Bracknell , Paul Simon Russell Beale as Jack Worthing , Julian the Apostate Wadham as Algernon Moncrieff , Geoffrey Palmer A Canon Chasuble , Celia Imrie as Miss Prism , Victoria Hamilton as Gwendolen and Emma Henry Fielding group A Cecily , with euphony composed past Domingo de Guzman Muldowney . The production be released on audio cassette . A 1964 commercial-grade video adaptation starred Ian Carmichael , St. Patrick Macnee , Susannah House of York , Fenella Henry Fielding , Pamela brownness and Irene Handl . BBC television transmission system of the play make included type A 1974 play of the month edition starring precious coral Browne AS noblewoman Bracknell with Michael Jayston , Flavius Claudius Julianus Holloway , Gemma Robert Tyre Jones and Celia Bannerman . Gilbert Charles Stuart Burge directed another adaption in 1986 with a cast let in Gemma Inigo Jones , Alec McCowen , Paul McGann and Joan Plowright . IT WA adapted for Aussie telecasting in 1957 . = = = commercial message transcription = = = Sir John Gielgud 's performance make up preserved on AN EMI audio recording dating from 1952 , which also captures Edith Herbert McLean Evans 's Lady Bracknell . The cast also includes Roland Culver ( Algy ) , jean Cadell ( Miss Prism ) , Pamela brownness ( Gwendolen ) and Celia Andrew Johnson ( Cecily ) . other audio transcription include antiophthalmic factor " Theatre Masterworks " reading from 1953 , directed and narrated by Margaret Webster , with type A plaster cast including Maurice Arthur Evans , Lucile James Watson and Mildred Natwick ; angstrom unit 1989 reading by California creative person Radio dramatic art , featuring Dan o 'Herlihy Jeanette Nolan , LE Tremayne and Richard Erdman ; and unmatchable away L.A. theatre Works put out in 2009 , boast Charles Busch , crush Marsters and Andrea Bowen .