= Kaimanawa gymnastic horse = Kaimanawa Equus caballus are amp universe of feral horse In New Sjaelland that comprise descended from domestic horse release Hoosier State the 19th and 20th one C . They be cognise for their hardiness and quiet temperament . The New Zealand government strictly assure the population to protect the habitat inward which they live , which include several endangered mintage of embed . The vary heritage gives the breed A wide range of height , body patterns and colour . They follow usually well @-@ muscled , sure @-@ footed and tough . Horses were first reported atomic number 49 the Kaimanawa Range atomic number 49 1876 , although the first Equus caballus let been get into new Zealand in 1814 . The ferine herd grow as horses break away and be free from sheep send and horse stand . fellow member of the herd were recaptured away locals for exercise A free horse , A well as be caught for their meat , hair and hide . The crowd declined angstrom unit large scale farming and forestry operations encroached on their ranges , and just around 174 horses were know to exist by 1979 . The Kaimanawa herd was protected by the New Sjaelland government atomic number 49 1981 , and in that respect were 1 @,@ 576 horses in the herd away 1994 . group A lowly , for the most part unmanaged universe also be on the Aupouri Peninsula at the northern tip of the northerly Island . Roundups feature been bear out each year since 1993 to handle the size of the herd , bump off around 2 @,@ 800 horses in all . The Kaimanawa universe is listed as a herd of special genetic economic value by the United Nations ' nutrient and farming organisation , and various analyse have be direct on the crowd dynamics and habits of the stock . = = chronicle = = The first gymnastic horse were introduced to new Seeland away Protestant missionary Reverend Samuel Marsden IN Dec 1814 , and wild horse cavalry were first reported in the Kaimanawa graze atomic number 49 central due north Island of New Seeland in 1876 . The Kaimanawa stock come down from domesticated horses that were release in the recent 19th 100 and other 20th one C in the middle of the North Island around the Kaimanawa flock . 'tween 1858 and 1875 , Major Saint George Gwavas Carlyon import Exmoor crib to Hawkes Bay and get across them with local caudex to produce the Carlyon pony . These Carlyon ponies were later hybridise with two Welsh entire , Kinarth Caesar and Comet , import by Sir Donald McLean , and a breed screw as the Comet resulted . At close to point during the 1870s , McLean released a Comet stallion and various mares on the Kaingaroa champaign and the bloodline apparently became piece of the wild Kaimanawa population . Other horse make up added to the line of descent through escapes and button from topical anaesthetic sheep station and from cavalry building block atomic number 85 Waiouru that be threatened with a halter epidemic . IT is too thought that in the 1960s Nicholas Koreneff released AN Arabian stallion into the Argo vale region . Throughout the 19th and 20th centuries , horses were harvested from the ferine crowd and expend axerophthol ride and stock gymnastic horse , as good as being used for their marrow , hair and hides . Originally there personify many herds that roamed land possess past the British people Crown and the native Māori , only many follow exterminate with the intensification of large surmount agricultural and forestry military operation immix with increased mechanization that decreased the need for farm animal Equus caballus . Kaimanawa horses now have the highest amount of genetic similarity with the pureblood and other pureblood queer stock . pressure level from shore ontogenesis and an invasive human being population reduced the range and the number of the Kaimanawa horses , and inwards 1979 it represent found that lonesome around 174 horses remained . Starting in 1981 , the Kaimanawa population , range size , and herd trend start to be officially measured , and a protected surface area was form for the breed inward the Waiouru armed services Training Area . Legislative protective cover was similar to the kiwi and other aboriginal metal money . on that point be a speedy increase Hoosier State the herd sizing following the protection of the breed , and 1 @,@ 576 horse were known to exist in the surface area by 1994 . There personify also A small universe of horses on the Aupouri Peninsula at the northern bung of the due north Island , which is mostly unmanaged by the new Zealand government . In 2008 , the Kaimanawa crowd were the concentre of a new call in Kaimanawa Princess , by Dianne Sir Walter Norman Haworth . = = Breed characteristics = = Many characteristics of the Comet type be said to atomic number 4 show in the Kaimanawa sawbuck today , although the varied gene input has produced antiophthalmic factor wide range of size of it , colour , and body case among the risky horses . The Kaimanawa spawn variegate widely inwards general appearance , with height vagabond betwixt 12 @.@ deuce and 15 helping hand ( 50 and 60 inches , 127 and 152 centimetre ) high . Any coat colour OR pattern score is acceptable . They are usually easily @-@ muscled . Their ferine way of life bear given them the ability to accommodate quickly and dwell on very little , and they are usually trusted @-@ footed and tough . They have a medium @-@ sized top dog inward goodness proportion to their dead body , with wide variation IN shape referable to the different compliance of their ascendant . Kaimanawa horses have antiophthalmic factor little , deep neck with a thick pharynx orbit , straight berm , a deep girth , and a short to medium back . The croup vary from slop to well @-@ round out . The legs are long and intimately @-@ muscled , with strong hooves , and hind hooves that be more often than not small than the face ones . entirely buck are count to age a year on the first of lordly , regardless of their factual foaling escort . = = universe control and study = = Due to the step-up in population after protective statute law live put into place , the section of preservation develop a direction plan for the Kaimanawa herd inward 1989 and 1990 . A draft plan was made usable to the public for comment in 1991 , and the public make it brighten that IT objected to herd reduction through charge from eggbeater , and instead favored the horse cavalry remain alive later be removed from the herd . even so , core fauna welfare aggroup felt up that shooting was the most humane alternative . Trial draft were conducted in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and were successful , although costly and with a modified need for the captured gymnastic horse . In 1994 , group A working party be established to await atomic number 85 the direction of the Kaimanawa crowd . They aimed to determine which organisation Evergreen State atomic number 49 charge of foresightful term direction , to insure that the handling of horse cavalry is humane , to keep and command the best attributes of the herds , and to eliminate the impacts of the herds on former preservation priority . Goals let in assure the well-being of the Equus caballus , protecting rude ecosystems and features that the Kaimanawa herd may impact and hold on the herd at A sustainable layer . bionomic object glass let in assure that Kaimanawa horse does non adversely pretend endangered , uncommon and biogeographically significant plants ; ensuring that the crowd perform non further disgrace the ecosystems in which it lives ; and forbid the herd from spreading into the Kaimanawa Forest car park and the Tongariro National common . Herd target included ensuring that the public was safe from roaming horse , while tranquil allowing and meliorate world access to the herd and ensuring humane intervention of the horse ; reducing conflict betwixt the crowd and other bionomic time value and land uses ; and ensuring that the herd is carry to group A universe that is tolerate past the ecosystems IN which they live while still keep A minimum effective universe that is in superior general free lay out . The Department of preservation has since 1993 carry prohibited annual culls and rally of Kaimanawas to keep the crowd universe around A target area level of 500 horses . The target will be reduced to 300 horse cavalry inward stages commence in 2009 . These horses are either taken instantly to slaughter or are localise at bind farms for later slaughter operating theatre adoption past private house . A main reason for the strict population control live to protect the home ground in which they live . This habitat include 16 works species lean A endangered , which the Kaimanawa English hawthorn threaten further through and through trample and overgrazing . These plant life include herbaceous plant , gage , sedges , blossom and Old World mistletoe ; among these are Deschampsia caespitosa ( a very rarefied tussock grass ) , Peraxilla tetrapetala ( a vulnerable Loranthus europaeus ) and Libertia peregrinans ( a possibly locally extinct sand iris ) . The 2009 pluck of the universe take away 230 horse from the herd , the big culling since the start of the program , with home found for 85 % of the horses take . preservation of these horse is an important matter to the public , and between 1990 and 2003 the New Sjaelland Minister for Conservation received more than public scuttlebutt on the Kaimanawa horse than on whatever other subject . inwards this point , more than 1 @,@ 400 postulation for information and letters were receive , with public interest peak IN 1996 and 1997 . This represent due to a program of population reducing by burgeon forth scheduled to commence implementation in 1996 ; referable to public opposition the shoot was cancelled and a large exfoliation come up and adoption program start in 1997 . In 1997 , around 1 @,@ 069 horses be removed from the range and take over , deoxidise the main herd to around 500 , and slenderize their range to around XXV @,@ 000 HA from around 70 @,@ 000 . Since 1993 , a total of around 2 @,@ 800 horse hold been remove from the lay out . Only one injury resulting in the death of a horse be known to get come . The merge country ' Food and agricultural organisation lean the Kaimanawa horse as A crowd of peculiar genetic value that tin Be compared with former groups of feral horses such A young wood jigger , Assateague ponies , wild Mustangs , and with free @-@ live zebras . Kaimanawas be of special economic value because of their low charge per unit of fundamental interaction with humans . This deficiency of interaction English hawthorn result in A herd with to a greater extent wild and fewer domesticated device characteristic , which personify of special interest to researchers . Between 1994 and 1997 , students from Massey University hit the books a population of roughly 400 Kaimanawa horses to learn their habits and crowd dynamics . A 2000 study found that although sometimes at that place follow more than ii stallions in Kaimanawa horse herds , only when the 2 stallions gamy in the herd hierarchy fellow with the herd females . This dissent from other ferine horse crowd , some of which have only one stallion that mates with mar , piece others have several stallions that sire foals .