what ' s going on in russia this year ? we ' ve pulled together some ideas . the bolshoi premiere of john neumeier ' s anna karenina last july hamburg ballet presented the world premiere of john neumeier ' s anna karenina , a modern take on leo tolstoy ' s famous novel . hamburg ballet coproduced the full - length ballet with the national ballet of canada and the bolshoi , the latter of which will premiere the work march 25 ( nboc will have its premiere in april ) . the ballet will feature bolshoi dancer svetlana zakharova in the title role . this is especially fitting since neumeier ' s initial inspiration for the ballet came from zakharova when they were working together on his lady of the camellias . the following video looks into what makes this ballet stand out . world premieres : richmond ballet and ballet theatre richmond ballet ' s new works from march 20 - 23 features pieces by four choreographers who have never worked with richmond ballet before : francesca harper , tom mattingly , mariana oliveira and bradley shelver . " there ' s a twist : each choreographer had only two hours with the dancers to create the 10 - 15 minute ballet . at the end- sf ballet ' s spring season opens with let ' s dance 2018 , march 22 - 25 . the season includes a world premiere by alejandro cerrudo and world premiere by nayon iovino and artistic director ib ##sen . andersen ' s pelvis features jazz music and costumes from the 1950s and references to elvis presley ( pelvis , anyone ? ) san francisco ballet theme : mysterious ; romantic ; mysterious ; electrifying . that ' s how sfb covers their annual tribute to jerome robbins , march 20 - 25 . the company is one of dozens of others honoring robbins this year ; last week we covered houston ballet and new dance theatre workshop . sfb is presenting four works celebrating the famed choreographer ' s career in ballet and theatre : fancy pants , number 19 / the cage , the cage and other dances . reid and harriet designs at the studio march 20 - 27 , 2017 design : reid bartelme and harriet jung take the stage as part of guggenheim works & process . the company is known for their intersecting design and performance ; last summer they created a swimwear collection based on justin miller designs , and in december they created their dance - the nutcracker . for this year ' s show they collaborated with a long list of choreographers including lar lubo##vitch and pam tanowitz to create short films featuring their characters . a number of dancers including new york city ballet dancer jennifer janzen will be acting as moving models .