the syrian government has recognized georgia and south ossetia , two georgian breakaway regions annexed by russia , as independent states . " a deal has been reached between the syrian arab republic , the republic of abkhazia and the republic of south ossetia to establish relations and set up diplomatic relations at the highest level , " said a syrian foreign ministry official in statement published by the state - run sana news agency on tuesday . read more : caucasus history almost repeats itself in crimea the incident prompted the syrian government to announce its intention to cut diplomatic ties with syria , blaming russia for staging the diplomatic incident . " with this announcement , the assad government declared its support for russia ' s military campaign against georgia , the russian occupation of abkhazia and tskhinvali [ south ossetia ] regions and the ethnic cleansing that has been taking place for years , " said a statement from the syrian foreign ministry . following the collapse of the soviet union in the late 1990s , georgia and south ossetia were officially recognized as part of russia . beginning in 2008 , russia waged war on the regions , sending thousands of troops and recognizing them as independent states . because of recognition after the civil war , georgia , cuba and nauru recognized both theofficially part of russia . although georgia has maintained close ties with russia for decades , russia ' s involvement in the country ' s conflict in recent years has strained their bond . read here : georgia ' s internally displaced face uncertain future abkhazia and south ossetia have historically been breakaway regions of georgia , established during the soviet era . in the aftermath of the cold war , separatists fought a war against georgian forces , a war that displaced 250 , 000 people and killed more than 100 , 000 others . both the us and eu have refused to recognize the breakaway regions , saying they are part of georgia ' s territorial integrity . ls / cmk ( afp , reuters ) each evening at 1830 hours , dw ' s editors send you a selection of the day ' s latest news and special interest stories . you can sign up to receive it directly online .