new york ( ap ) — the rangers will buy out the final two years of dan girardi ' s contract , ending the defenseman ' s tenure in new york after nine seasons . the move will leave just under $ 1 . 9 million of salary - cap space this season and just over $ 2 . 9 million the two following seasons . girardi was set to count $ 2 . 5 million against the salary cap through 2019 - 20 and with his no - trade clause would have had to be protected in the upcoming vegas golden knights expansion draft . by buying out the 34 - year - old veteran , the rangers will protect an extra player from vegas and make room for their blue ##line for the season . " dan ' s contributions to the new york rangers organization have been immeasurable , " said team president mike sather , who was the owner when new york signed girardi as an undrafted free agent in 2006 . " he has been a role model with his incredible determination , giving everything he had to this team both on and off the ice . " girardi was the second - longest tenured player with the rangers behind goaltender henrik lundqvist and ranks third in franchise history with 788 games played . he put up 46 goals and 184 points during the regular seasonand helped the team make the playoffs three times and reach the 2014 stanley cup final . in a press statement released by the team , the welland , ontario , native called new york his family ' s second home and said , " i poured my heart and soul into this team for the past three years and have enjoyed every minute of it . " the right - handed - shooting girardi becomes an undrafted free agent and can sign with any team on july 1 . the deal will give new york more than $ 1 . 1 million on the season for 2020 - 21 , ' 21 - 22 and ' 22 - 23 . the rangers on wednesday morning agreed to terms with forward matt puempel on a one - year contract worth $ 725 , 000 . having the deal reached with the 19 - year - old helped new york satisfy the minimum nhl roster requirement of exposing at least two forwards under contract for 2017 - 18 . the rangers claimed puempel off waivers from ottawa in november . he scored two goals and five assists in 40 games last season and has 10 goals and five assists in 79 career nhl games . new york also named former player jed ortmeyer as director of player development , steve eminger as a professional scout and matt prentiss as strength and conditioning_ . _ _ _ . ap nhl : http : / / apnews . com / news / nhlhockey