- - - ( business wire ) - - april 24 , 2018 - - , a global procurement and advisory firm , has announced the launch of their ‘ . ’ the insights and data in this report provide a comprehensive analysis of the supply chain , factors influencing purchasing decisions , procurement best practices , pricing trends , supplier trends , and an analysis of the global demand curve for the . this report breaks down the research and analysis on the procurement of pharmaceutical packaging equipment and serves as an all - purpose guide for making informed purchasing decisions . this press release features more . view the full report here : http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / article / 20180424006252 / en / pharmaceutical packaging industry report “ the rapidly growing cro and biopharma industries will drive the growth of the global pharmaceutical packaging equipment market , ” asked spendedge procurement analyst bhuvaneshwari udayakumar . “ apac is emerging as a major contributor to the market , owing to the increasing foreign investment in the region , ” ##wari bhuvaneshwari . looking for more insights from this report ? spendedge procurement reports are free of charge and provide insights that focus on cost - effective aspects of procurement and optimization of category spend . the analysts at spendedge highlight the latest trendsthree market trends that are contributing to the growth of the global pharmaceutical packaging equipment market : rising popularity of modular platforms with integrated packaging technologies increasing equipment automation increasing equipment automation this report is available at usd 1 discount for a limited time trend : rising popularity of modular platforms with integrated packaging technologies in the pharmaceutical packaging equipment market , the suppliers are focusing on using modular equipment that is compact and compatible with the latest packaging technologies . it helps the buyers gain efficient and efficient pharmaceutical manufacturing processes . increasing equipment automation also , the suppliers are incorporating high levels of automation in their equipment such as robotics . this helps the buyers to obtain clarifications regarding eco - friendly equipment . the development of production equipment for smaller batch size the suppliers in the market are increasingly adopting practices for manufacturing equipment that produces smaller batch sizes . this will also help the buyers reduce amortization and storage costs . to gain detailed insights into the current market trends . get full access to all our reports . our insights page includes ready - to - use procurement ##s reports , latest industry news , innovation landscape , markets insights , supplier tracking , and much more at the click of a user . we create reports to meet customer ’ requirements . related articles : about spendedge spendedge shares your experience for making innovation and procurement decisions . we are the firstprocurement market intelligence partner for fortune 500 firms and other large companies across multiple industries . our expertise lies in providing robust , real - time procurement market intelligence that helps suppliers and procurement firms make informed decisions . these innovative analytical tools help enterprises improve their capabilities , increase operational efficiency , and fast - track orders to market . view full version on businesswire . com : http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180424006252 / en / contact : spendedge anirban choudhury , consultant tel : + 1 630 984 7340 ##2 @ spendedge . com keyword : industry keyword : pharmaceutical pharmaceutical manufacturing data source : spendedge on business wire 2018 . pub : 04 / 24 / 2018 04 : 31 pm / disc : 04 / 24 / 2018 04 : 31 pm http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180424006252 / en