new york ( ap ) — the live audience for bruno mars ' dominating night at the grammy ##s was a smaller one than 2009 ' s big night has seen for nearly a decade , and a slight decline of 10 % from the program a year earlier . the nielsen company reported monday that 16 . 8 million people watched the grammys , compared to 22 . 1 million last year . it was the grammys ' smallest audience since 19 million viewers in 2009 . this year ' s show suffered from a lack of star performers , with big - name artists adele , beyonce and taylor swift absent from the stage . it was billed early on as a rock night for music , and while that may be music ' s most popular event ever , it may have been off - putting for some casual music fans . rapper kendrick lamar opened with a song that featured a portrayal of him being felled by birds . comic dave chappelle later offered an explanation for fans who may have felt uncomfortable : " the only thing more frightening than watching a black man be honest in america is watching black woman be honest in america , " he said . the show featured some controversial content , including a clip of hillary clinton reading from michael wolff ' s best - seller on the trump campaign , " fire and fury , " whichwell as debates on women ' s rights and gun rights . there is a popular theory on fox news channel that an " anti - trump diatribe " was responsible for some viewers staying away . " you can imagine things turning ugly when it gets that political , " said ainsley earhardt , a host on " fox & friends , " the president ' s weekly talk show . the viewership decline was noticeable compared to other awards shows worldwide . the most recent golden globe and oscars telecasts were down 50 % from the previous year , while last september ' s emmys viewership was about the same as the year before , nielsen reported . grammy viewership has generally dropped between 20 and 30 million this past year , from a high of 39 . 9 million people who watched in 2012 , when the ceremony took place shortly after whitney houston ' s death .