new york ( ap ) — mike rizzo has taken quite a liking to the leadoff spot . one night after hitting a leadoff homer in his first career game in the batting order , the chicago cubs ' 240 - pound ( 109 - pound ) first baseman did it again . rizzo drove matt harvey ' s first pitch into the right - center wall at citi field for his first home run of the season there , earning excited high - fives from giddy teammates in the dugout . " i am statistically the greatest leadoff hitter of all - time , " rizzo said after the game . " i would like to retire that . " chicago rookie ian happ followed with his second homer for a 1 - 0 lead over the new york mets , who later rallied for a 5 - 4 victory . rizzo was asked about television , mentioning that they predicted his leadoff homer against harvey after the game . " that ' s kind of cool that they find out what we talk about in the clubhouse a lot . that ' s just me and my teammates and they ' re doing that on tv , " he said . " we talk all the time now , just like , ' hey , it ' s going to be 1 - 0 , ' 's going to be 2 - 0 tonight . but you can ' t ever hit a home run off a pitcher , especially a ##ingly , so to put it out there , i ' m not too comfortable with doing that . so i was saying it was the fun , messing around , being loose . " the previous night , rizzo hit zack wheeler ' s first pitch a perfect 462 feet to center , sparking a 14 - 3 victory of the mets . happ hit a grand slam off wheeler in the ninth inning . hoping to continue his slumping offense , manager joe maddon batted rizzo early on , — making the all - star starter the first mets player to hit from the top of the order this season . the defending world series champions finished tuesday with a . 306 on - base percentage from the leadoff position , which ranked 24th in the majors . " you just go with it . it ' s great , " rizzo said wednesday . " obviously you go back - to - back games , which makes the clubhouse really happy . and statistically , by the way , to top off the game , i ' m the best there ever was . for me . " _ _ _ _ ap baseball : https : / / apnews .com / mlb / mlbbaseball