your daily look at late - breaking news , upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about tuesday : 1 . pipe bomb explodes in nyc subway the only serious injuries from the blast during the morning rush hour were to the suspected bomber himself , who police believe was inspired by islamic state militants . 2 . what final pitch roy blunt is making to voters on the eve of the senate election , the alabama senator casts himself as the victim of a media barrage of unjust allegations of sexual misconduct with teenagers . 3 . # metoo news turns to : several republicans urge democrats to investigate their claims of sexual misconduct against the president , and a number of democratic senators demand his resignation . 4 . how putin is managing moscow ' s fragile mideast : the russian president declares " victory " over iran during a surprise visit to a military base there , then travels to syria and jordan , highlighting his country ' s expanded reach . 5 . wind - fanned solar flares : ash - laden clouds and strong wind forces residents to gasp for breath as a southern california fire spreads alarmingly , becoming the fifth largest in history . 6 . which researchers have hit the jackpot eighteen young scientists from the u . s . and elsewhere are awarded millions of dollars in grants torelocate to france for the remainder of trump ' s second term . 7 . pentagon opens doors to private individuals . individuals will be allowed to enlist in the military beginning jan . 1 , unless trump ' s immediate release suffers another legal setback . 8 . worldwide , experiencing economic boom the u . s . says the global economy is growing by over 3 percent — its highest rate since 2011 — and a significant increase from last year . 9 . celebrity chef steps away from restaurant . the move comes after mario batali stated that allegations of sexual misconduct " match up " to his own . 10 . eagles qb suffers season - ending injury the eagles ' carson wentz , a favorite for the nfl mvp race , suffered a torn left acl and will miss the rest of the season and the playoffs .