las vegas ( ap ) — golden knights coach gerard roy for years has talked about his team ' s hard work , their willingness to battle and devotion to playing a full " 90 minutes of hockey . " within minutes of game 2 in the stanley cup final on friday night , the golden knights were surprisingly outworked , outbattled and outhustled before losing 4 - 2 to the washington capitals . game 3 is saturday night in washington and vegas is going to have to up the scoring line even more in a frantic game with scoring chances galore . vegas outshot the capitals in game 2 , 29 - 26 , but the best stats went to washington , which handed the expansion team just its second overtime loss of the postseason . washington had 18 blocked shots to go for vegas , but goaltender braden holtby turn things around . vegas allowed five goals in the opener but was dominant in game 3 . he made 37 saves — none bigger than stopping alex tuck with the paddle of his stick in a trick move with just 1 : 59 left . and although washington outhit the golden knights , 49 - 40 , it was one of vegas ' s hits that ignited the capitals in the second period . capitals defenseman brayden mcnabb and washington ' s first - line center evgeny ku##znetsov , called him to the dressing room with a little more than two minutes left in the first period . he didn ' t play . with kuznetsov out , washington coach barry trotz added nicklas backstrom to his forward line with alex ovechkin and tom kelly . and 1 : 38 into the second period , with the game tied at 1 - 1 and the capitals on a power play , ovechkin scored his first career stanley cup final goal to give the capitals a 2 - 1 lead . from there , vegas unraveled and put two more clutch goals in front of marc - andre fleury , who had yet to lose two games this postseason . a little less than five minutes after ovechkin scored , tomas orpik ended his 220 - game goal drought with the overtime game winner . it was his first goal since nov . 22 , 2016 . although the london knights outshot vegas 7 - 6 in the third period , the capitals scored faster , played better , fought harder and played smarter to steal home - ice advantage with their first - ever final win . the capitals return to capital one arena , where they had compiled a 4 - 5 record in the postseason . _ _ _ _ stanleytelevision coverage : http : / / apnews . com / coverage / stanleycupfinals