taiwan news went to dongmen market to ask the taiwanese for their opinion on the famous comedian chu ke - liang ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) , a popular but also a controversial figure in the taiwanese entertainment world . the famous entertainer chu ke - liang , whose real name is hsieh hsin - shin ( [UNK] 新 [UNK] ) , has served the taiwanese people since 1980 . he is often remembered for his efforts to keep the taiwanese culture alive and encourage young people to be proud of their cultural heritage . in spite of everything there were still feelings of anger that he had gone into hiding in the mid 1980s to avoid a reported nt $ 1 billion ( us $ 32 million ) gambling scandal . the 40 - year - old actor and comedian , known for his trademark bowl haircut , lost his battle against lung cancer on december 15 after it was discovered two years earlier . he was mourned by his family and his friends who lost their iconic image and childhood memory . the following are interviews with people in dongmen market , daan district . the interviewees were asked what their favorite chu ke - liang movie , tv show , song , and what they personally thought of him . " chi - man " ( grandpa ) , hat : " chu ke - liang was a very good comedian ! aa good guy . he was very kind to others and treated them well . his wife ( jeannie hsieh ) is very pretty and when she got into a car accident , he gave a lot of money to help her get home properly . the only bad thing about him is that he was a gambler . he was so much in debt , that he just lived for 15 years without any signs of life ! this was a huge shock for me at that time ! i never thought i would be able to loose that much money . it ' s more than what i made in my entire life . he was a crazy man with four wives and five kids . " chen chung - liang , writer , book seller " i always loved to watch his tv shows and movies . " " tsan - hsiu " ( [UNK] [UNK] 秀 ) , one of his most famous tv shows . chu ke - liang was our taiwanese charley chaplin and helped to revive our taiwanese culture . the language had almost been forgotten . he decided to do his movies entirely in taiwanese . " li shih - tsung , neighborhood chief of dongmen