a built - in keylogger has been found on a host of hp laptops for the first time in 2017 . the security software was discovered by pc blogger eric myng , who also goes by the pseudonym zwclose . according to myng ' s blog , he found the keylogger on the pc driver when he was looking for more information about how the screens on hp computers were backlit . " the keylogger saved scan data to a wpp file . the trace was disabled by default but could be disabled by using a hash function ( uac . ) , " myng said in the post . see : hp security incident reporting page ( tech pro research ) once myng had noticed what looked like the format string for the keylogger , he began to dig deeper . however , without having an hp laptop of his own , he couldn ' t dig as deeply as he wanted to , the blog said . so , he reached out to hp . after messaging hp , the company replied to myng and removed the keylogger , which he said was just a debug trace . a patch has since been released that removes the keylogger , but users can update their machines to get it . hp has since launched a web site with thethe updated information for which laptop models are affected , will contribute to the update . the issue affects commercial notebooks , mobile phone clients , mobile workstations , and personal computers as well . hp users should check the list of affected devices on the update page to see if their device is listed . unfortunately , this isn ' t the first time a keylogger has been found in hp laptops . back in may 2017 , a keylogger was found in an keyboard driver package present in several hp laptops , according to security blog modzero . while this instance of the keylogger may have been suspicious , the presence of the surveillance software could be detrimental to hp ' s brand image among consumers . consumer privacy is a major concern among users , and any software that looks like it could potentially violate that privacy could scare them away . the next big thing for techrepublic readers a built - in keylogger was found in a small number of hp devices by technology blogger eric myng , also known as zwclose . found in the keyboard driver , the keylogger saved scan codes to a wpp file , but it was disabled by default , myng reported in his post . hp users should check the list of affected devicesvisit google ' s web page for the keylogger , and take the necessary steps to secure their machine . stay tuned , click here to subscribe to the techrepublic cybersecurity insider newsletter . please also .