los angeles ( ap ) — chris pratt has declined all offers to do commercials , but he made an offer for an upcoming super bowl spot — mostly because he loves beer . pratt will make his commercial debut , in a pair of commercials for michelob beer . " i ' ve seen every single super bowl since 1985 , " he said . " i ' m a super fan guy , and i just feel really connected not only to football and to the nfl and the super bowl , but also to the country . . . that ' s probably the most exciting moment for me , and it feels good to be part of that , like i ' m a new piece in the mosaic of american culture . " the star of the " jurassic park " and " guardians of the galaxy " film have also joked that appearing in a super bowl spot could " shake things up " for him professionally . " the super bowl launched people ' s careers — like whitney houston , " pratt said from his position on the set of the michelob commercial . " she sang the national anthem at the super bowl and it was like the highlight of the whole thing , and then it launched her career . . . and i ' m really hoping this is my whitney houston national anthem moment . " she was awarded a grammy -winning again when she performed at the game in 1991 . pratt was among the nfl ' s highest - paid actors last year , according to forbes . he joins this year ' s list of celebrities starring in super bowl commercials , including tiffany haddish , cindy crawford and morgan freeman . the airtime alone for a 30 - second spot this year costs more than $ 1 million this year . pratt , 38 , said he wanted the job , as he would a big - screen gig . he even put up his weight for his first commercial , " cowboy ninja ##s , " so he would be in peak shape for the commercial shoot . " if i ' m going to be having my day off . . . in front of 100 million people , i want to look good , " he said , " and we work really hard . " the commercial , dubbed " the ultimate fit , " was about balancing a healthy lifestyle with fitness - fueled energy . pratt famously dropped 100 pounds after playing star - thief in the first " guardians " episode . incorporating fitness into his life " changed everything , " he said . " it ' s not just an aesthetic thing , " he said . " i look good . i feel good . " his favorite is being outdoors . pratt said spending time in the outdoors wasthe ranch he owns in washington doesn ' t just keep him fit , it keeps him grounded . he also loves a trail system that leads through the woods and down to the river . " i feel the very same when i am running on that , and i feel very dialed in and close to family and close to god , " he says . " i think anytime you can just sit and enjoy this place , it makes you feel better . " _ _ _ . ap ##l writer sandy cohen at www . twitter . com / youknowsandy .