paris ( ap ) — it was a dream come true for u . s . - based climate scientists — the offer of all - expenses - paid jobs in order to do their research in europe instead of in the united states under the skeptic president donald trump , one of the winners said . french scientist camille parmesan and american scientist benjamin sanderson were among the 20 initial winners , including 13 based in the u . s . , who were named recipients of french president emmanuel macron ' s " make our world great again " climate grants . macron announced the winners during a televised speech in paris on monday evening , ahead of a climate summit that drew more than 100 world leaders in the french capital tuesday . in an interview with the associated press , parmesan expressed disappointment at the prospect of spending the next five years doing her research in france instead of the united states . a graduate from the university of texas at austin , she is a specialist in the field on how climate affects wildlife . she lived for a few years in the united states for health reasons and was not returning to the u . s . until trump ' s inauguration . " someone very , very rapidly has been actively trying to erode climate in the u . s . a . and in particularclimate change , " she said . " and it ' s hard for two reasons : funding is becoming almost impossible , and in a psychological sense . " she answered with emmanuel macron ' s call for climate researchers to come work in france , shortly after trump ' s rejection of the paris climate accord . " it gave me such a tremendous boost , it was so good to have that kind of support , to have the head of state saying you value what you do , " she said . she , who said she was looking forward to improving her french , will be working at an experimental ecology station in the pyrenees mountains . sanderson , who previously worked in the u . s . , told the ap that he found it " very reassuring " that france is " openly encouraging climate change . " he said his application was motivated by " the fact that france is making a mark on its climate change record , but also it ' s very difficult to get research done in the u . s . " sanderson used to work at the national center for atmospheric research in boulder , colorado , on risks and uncertainties under climate change . for the next few years , he will be working in montpellier , in southern france , where the country ' s national weather service is based.