serbian prime minister zoran zaev announced on wednesday that any new name proposed for his country would be put to a public referendum . his announcement came as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia and greece appeared to be nearing agreement on a name - change for athens ' northern neighbor . " we agree to the terms and principles of the agreement , " zaev told journalists . he said the details would be disclosed in a phone call with his greek counterpart alexis tsipras on wednesday , or thursday . " we ' ll only reveal all the details later , " zaev said . the name dispute goes back to 1991 when macedonia declared its independence from war - torn yugoslavia , and the greek government chose the name " republic of macedonia . " the name choice honors alexander . historically macedonia or macedon was a greek country that occupied territory that today constitutes northern greece . the greek ruler alexander the great was also known as alexander iii of macedon . fearing that the new country might have territorial ambitions , greece insisted that their new state be referred to as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , or fyrom . that is the name under which they were admitted to the united nations in 1993 . as a member of both nato and the european union , greece has veto power over other members , and has usedthat is to block their neighbor from joining both countries . other possible changes athens is demanding that any name change for the northern region be backed with a constitutional amendment and for it to be linked to the " erga omnes " ( " towards tomorrow " ) political principle , meaning it is to be used universally both in and out of macedonia . several countries , including the united states and russia , have already renamed the country as " macedonia . " prime minister zaev said parliaments in both countries would have to ratify the change before it could be put to a public vote . he said that the time between the referendum and a plebiscite would be " around a month , " adding that the referendum would likely be held in september or october . zaev also said it was necessary to resolve the issue well ahead of the nato summit meeting on september 11 - 12 . " we want to give greece sufficient time to send a delegation to nato , " said of the meeting , he said . among the names being discussed were " new macedonia " and " upper macedonia . " the former is reportedly a possibility , a senior nato official told reuters . zaev , however , remained tight - mouthed about the possible change . " we would only agree on certain benchmarks , "new additions to the team , " zaev " journalists , " because we are in the first step of a possible solution for a more than 25 - year - old problem . " bik / ap ( afp , ap ) every evening at 1830 utc , dw ' s editors send out a summary of the day ' s hard news and investigative investigative journalism . you can sign up to receive it directly here .