new york ( ap ) — snoop dogg will be celebrating super bowl 51 with two of his favorite things : worship and women , headlining snoop ' s annual pre - super bowl concert tour and the listening party . the following week also features performances by jennifer lopez , usher , cardi b and the chainsmokers . super bowl 51 will take place sunday at the u . s . cellular stadium in philadelphia , where the philadelphia eagles will take on the new england patriots . the biggest of the crowd , however , is justin timberlake : before he does the halftime show , he will have a listening party thursday at the park for his new single , " man of the woods , " to be released friday . rihanna will also do double duty : she will sing the national anthem before the big game , and will perform a concert friday night at wwe live ! at the park . friday ' s events include a rolling stone magazine interview with migos , 21 savage and t - pain ; ellie goulding and kygo at mystic falls ; and golden globe - nominated " hollywood " actress issa rae speaking at the nfl ' s third " in the making " women ' s summit for young women . rae ' s " insecure " co - star , yvonne orji , will co - hostbet ' s sunday concert with pastor john gray on sunday , where performers include faith hill , sheila e . , donnie mcclurkin , naomi campbell and tye tribbett . it will also include the ea sports bowl with imagine dragons , machine gun kelly and mura masa at the stadium , while the chainsmokers will perform at the bowl . lopez will host the directv super bowl halftime show — the show taylor swift performed at last year . playboy will host a concert along with cardi b and post malone , while dave matthews band and florida georgia line will also host concerts that night . it ' s the same day snoop dogg will dj playboy ' s big apple screening party ( he will also hold a screening party for his new netflix series , " ultimate snoop . " ) kelly clarkson and sheila e . will host concerts ahead of the super bowl on friday , while diddy , dj khaled , french montana , cardi b , g - eazy and busta rhymes will perform at the first annual players ball game before the game .