there were condolences and prayers for nearly two hours . politicians from around the world commented on the incident . journalists have been interviewed non - stop . but it turns out that it was no accident at all . rather , it was a fake operation conducted by ukraine ' s security services that has left more questions than answers . was it necessary for ukraine ' s security services to fake the death of russian journalist arkady babchenko in order to prevent a genuine assassination attempt ? solving a mystery does not require such a performance . however , kyiv wanted a large audience for what was happening and so a fake operation could get the international publicity it wanted . kyiv could use the media to blame russia for the babchenko ' s assassination , but , on the other hand , the kremlin now is accusing kyiv of providing the russian media with a false story . can the ukrainian media be trusted ? how will the authorities react now if a tragedy in ukraine really happens ? wait a day or two just in case ? kyiv is driving itself into a blind corner if it does not provide solid evidence in the future . even if there is comprehensive support for allegations against the alleged perpetrators of the alleged crime on behalf of russia , kyiv runs the risk of losing whatever trust and credibility it has . could babc##henko ' s wife has been shot in the dark ? as stated in the press conference about the special operation , babchenko ' sfamily was not part of the plan . the journalist said in a live broadcast to his wife : " special thanks to my wife , olechka , there was no other option . " earlier it was reported in a police report that his wife had found arkady alive and called the police and an ambulance . this is a contradiction that needs to be clarified . how did ukraine ' s security services manage to reach an agreement with the perpetrator of the crime ? the man who allegedly killed the journalist collaborated with ukraine ' s security services . according to ukrainian prosecutor general yuriy lutsenko , after ukraine ' s security services found out about the assassination attempt , they managed to establish cooperation with the perpetrators . but so far there have been no more concrete details . that ' s not enough information to give the full picture of what really happened .