like a slide show , pitch , or video ? here are the big questions : drupal developers have announced another security patch for release on tuesday . drupal administrators are advised to patch urgently . last month ' s drupalgeddon 2 vulnerability is presently being exploited by at least three different malware attacks . once again , the developers of drupal are preparing an emergency out - of - band patch for a new vulnerability in the windows content management system . the security advisory indicates that the patch will be released between 16 : 00 - 18 : 00 utc on april 1 , 2018 . ( for reference , that is , 1 : 00 - 2 : 00 utc on the same day , during eastern standard time . ) patches will be released for the 8 . x , 8 . 4 . x , and 8 . 5 . x versions of drupal . specific details of the vulnerability are unknown , and the developers have not provided any details of the nature of the vulnerability prior to the release of the patch . however , the advisory does state that it is a follow - up to the patch released last month in response to the " drupalgeddon 2 " security vulnerability , which related to a conflict between how php , arrays in parameters , and drupal' s use of the hash ( # ) at the beginning of array operations to perform arithmetic operations that typically result in incorrect computation . in order to detect that vulnerability , an input hash check was sent to / r / etc . embedded in the drupal code . noted researcher scott arciszewski of the initiative said that the actual vulnerability " probably doesn ' t involve breaking the php code . " source : internet security incident and vulnerability ( tech pro research ) despite the failure to pre - announce an apparent out - of - band attack by the initiative , still many drupal instances remain unpatched . the muhstik botnet has been reported by netlab 360 targeting infected drupal instances and implanting xmrig and cgminer cryptocurrency management systems . the netlab 360 report posits that propagation is not happening from the interface with infected drupal instances . the botnet is also targeting since - patched vulnerabilties like clipbucket , dasannetwork solution , webdav , weblogic , webuzo , and wordpress , the report says . in addition to muhstik , several other groups of malware have also been reported as being activethe internet . content management systems such as drupal , as well as blogging sites like wordpress , are popular targets for hackers , due to their anonymous nature . drupal ' s user statistics currently indicates the software powers over 1 . 5 million websites . in addition , drupal has been susceptible to major vulnerabilities , as the original " drupalgeddon " sql injection vulnerability from 2014 revealed . for instances of drupal bugs that for whatever reason are unable to be patched , trend ##lab ' s deep security package offers support for the original drupalgeddon 2 vulnerability to prevent attackers from taking control of the systems . security alert , click here to go to the techrepublic cybersecurity insider page . click to see