new york ( ap ) — allison mack , the tv actress who starred in the cw network ' s " smallville , " was bailed out of jail last tuesday and charged with a chaotic scene outside a courthouse where she ' s charged with using young women as sex slaves for the organization of a self - improvement group in upstate new york . a federal judge in california agreed to release mack , who was arrested last week , on $ 5 million bail and place her under indefinite custody in california . she ' ll be staying with her parents at their home in los alamitos as she awaits trial . mack , 35 , appeared in tan jail clothes for her first court appearance . she only spoke to answer " yes " when the judge asked her if she had the following conditions . among those conditions : no contact with current or former members of the secretive group known as nxivm . she ' ll also be subject to electronic surveillance and restrictions on internet and cellphone access . by the time she left the courthouse more than two hours ago , she had switched into a jean jacket , gray slacks and sneakers . she stared straight ahead in frustration as she and her lawyer fought through a media frenzy to a waiting car , with at least three lawyers tripping over each other and top##pling to the camera along the way . the actress played chloe sullivan , a young daughter of superman , in " smallville . " since that series ended in 2011 , she has had only minor roles . she said she helped recruit women for nxivm with keith raniere by telling them that they were joining a male sex mentorship program , prosecutors said . reportedly , the women " were abused , both sexually and for their labor , " and were branded with raniere ' s name , prosecutors said . federal authorities raided a residence in monterrey where nxivm was headquartered in march . the organization also had operations in mexico . raniere , 57 , was arrested in mexico , fled to the u . s . on march 26 and was subsequently held without bail in brooklyn on sex - trafficking charges . at the time of raniere ' s capture , she was living with him at a private villa in puerto vallarta , according to court documents .