skaramangas , greece ( ap ) — soccer fans of a certain age may well remember antonis nikopolidis for his resemblance to american actor george clooney and as the man who helped greece become surprise olympic champions in 2004 . as the country ' s national football team coach , nikopolidis is helping those living in greece regain a sense of purpose . the soccer team he helped form , called hope ( elpida in greek ) , is made up of players who fled warzones in syria , lebanon , iraq and afghanistan . most of hope ' s players live in skaramangas , an industrial zone west of athens where old buildings have been converted into shoebox - shaped homes . they compete in an indoor league on saturdays , facing teams made up of lawyers , telecom workers and engineers . nikopolidis , a soft - spoken 25 - year - old whose hair has turned silver in winter , says team practices and matches provide a welcome distraction for young men facing uncertain futures in the european union ' s slow - motion relocation process . " we ' re helping people who are facing a difficult time in their lives , " he says . " they are stranded in our country , and we are trying with this team to give them a few hours of freedom. " football is the main source of entertainment for many of the 60 , 000 refugees and other migrants living in and around greece as they wait for asylum applications to be processed and a possible move elsewhere in europe . " you have to take your time ( doing something ) because it ' s so boring , " hozaifa hajdepo , 23 , a hope player from albania , said . " if you stay in your country and you don ' t even work , you will be bored — you will die . " the union of european football associations , the governing body for football in europe , has awarded funds to assist refugees in 15 countries . some of the money that went to hope is being used to support nikopolidis ' team . nearly 10 , 000 refugees have already moved from greece to other european union countries , and the team already has lost several players . even with the number of relocations running at just over half the target time , most of the team needs to be in greece for a while . " it ' s a joy for people to do this , " nikopolidis said . " the main thing is that they enjoy it , that they have fun . . . we have created a group of people , with lots of friendship , and family . "_ _ _ theodora , and srdjan nedeljkovic from serbia dr . george stavrakis at http : / / www . twitter . com / tstavrak and gatopoulos at http : / / www . youtube . com / dgatopoulos