france ( ap ) — the duration of the french government ' s climate change grants ( all times local ) : 6 : 15 p . m . arnold schwarzenegger is arguing that u . s . president donald trump ' s rejection of the paris climate agreement doesn ' t matter , because companies , scientists and local governments should " pick up the slack " to reduce global emissions . the hollywood actor and former california governor took a ride on a parisian electric bike monday as part of events leading up to the international climate summit tuesday hosted by french president emmanuel macron . schwarzenegger said " donald trump pulled donald trump out of the paris agreement , " but many in the private sector , federal and state governments , corporations and individuals remain committed to fighting climate change . a prominent environmental campaigner , schwarzenegger acknowledged that many people " don ' t know what global warming or climate change really means , " and urged environmental activists to focus their efforts to reduce it instead because of its health risks . _ _ _ 6 : 15 p . m . french president emmanuel ##le ' s " make our planet green again " grants initially were aimed at american climate change scientists , but competition has since expanded to other non - american climate scientists . macron is unveiling the new grant monday morning at the# ##s in paris is project phoenix , where microsoft and smaller tech companies are announcing plans to finance activities aimed at reducing emissions . french national research agency cnrs says the applicant list was narrowed down to 90 scientists in september , the majority of them americans and based in the u . s . the 90 projects will be funded overall , and funded with 60 million euros ( $ 60 million ) from the state and french research institutes . some french researchers have complained that microsoft is wasting money on french scientists while they are pushing for more support for french higher education . _ _ _ 9 : 40 p . m . : u . s . - based french scientists are about to win multi - year , all - expenses - paid grants to relocate to france . the " make our planet great again " grants are an initiative by french president emmanuel macron to lobby u . s . president donald trump on the climate change front . macron announced a competition for the day hours after trump announced he would withdraw the u . s . from the global accord reached in paris in 2015 to reduce climate - change emissions . macron is unveiling the winners monday evening ahead of a global summit tuesday aimed at giving new impetus to the global accord and finding new funding to french universities and businessesmeet global goals . more than 50 world leaders were meeting in beijing for the " one planet summit , " co - hosted by the u . n . and the world bank . china was not invited .