foxborough , mass . ( ap ) — tom brady of the philadelphia eagles , dropped the ball and then walked off stage monday to lead the new england patriots on the road to the super bowl . " it ' s going to be fun , it ' s going to be a lot of hard work , we ' re playing a great team , and i tell you what , we ' ve got a locker room full of players that are ready for the job , " the patriots ' 40 - year - old coach said at a sendoff rally outside gillette stadium attended by thousands of fans , most of whom arrived in the pre - dawn hours . brady , the last of several players to arrive , praised the fans for their support this year . " we got one game to go . we ' re going to win and there are going to be cheers for you all . we love you . look out ! " he shouted to the cheers . one fan dressed as a man . another wore a giant replica of a super bowl trophy on his head . another fan carried a banner that read " just like tom brady , this never gets old . ' after the game , the players boarded buses for a short trip to t . f . green airport in rhode island for the flight to thefor sunday ' s super bowl . dozens more fans gathered at the airport to see the team board the patriots ' plane , known as the kraft after team owner bob kraft . the boeing 767 is decorated with the team ' s logo and its five lombardi trophies . in foxborough , the crowd also heard from coach bill belichick , and several patriots players including quarterback danny amendola and defensive back duron harmon , who prompted the crowd into chanting " mvp ! " before introducing themselves . tight end rob gronkowski also appeared on stage , although he didn ' t speak . fans hoped that he ' ll be able to play in the super bowl after suffering a concussion in the afc championship game against the jacksonville jaguars . the crowd was kept entertained while waiting for the rally to start by the team ' s radio crew steve socci and scott zolak , as well as former quarterback jermaine wiggins , a member of the 2001 championship team . fans also shared in 8 - foot - by - 8 - foot boston cream cake decorated with the words " not done , " the team ' s mascot for this super bowl , from montilio ' s candy co . , and cut into 1 , 000 pieces .