cincinnati ( ap ) — tyler mahle lost his no - hit bid on freddie freeman ' s homer in the ninth , and the cincinnati reds blew a big late lead when scooter gennett connected in the eighth inning for a 7 - 6 win over the atlanta braves on opening night . gennett hit his second homer of the game off right - hander max turner ( 1 - 1 ) for his first career game - ending shot . freeman ended the braves ' late seven - run surge with his homer off mahle , only the third time the reds managed to come out of the infield against the rookie right - hander . he singled , and atlanta scored three times in the ninth . jared johnson ( 1 - 0 ) escaped a two - on double in the tenth and got the final eight outs . off to their worst start since the great depression , the 5 - 18 reds rallied for their first set of back - to - back wins since early september — ( best of five games — and got an impressive performance from their most promising starting pitcher . the 23 - year - old mahle fanned a career - high 11 with a powerful fastball that had the crowd gawking . atlanta led the league in wins , but allowed only two balls beyondthe infield through six innings . johnson led off the inning with a single on the rookie ' s first pitch — mahle turned his head and muttered a word in response as the ball left the field . kurt suzuki hit a two - run homer later in the inning . mahle drew attention on his return to the majors by pitching a no - hitter in single - a in 2016 and a perfect game on may 18 at triple - a . freeman homered twice in the ninth inning off amir garrett , starting a four - run lead . ender inciarte ' s bases - loaded , one - out single against raisel was singled off gennett at second base for a 7 - 7 tie . joey votto and gennett hit their first homers — back - to - back solo hits , the fifth off brandon jackson — and the reds ' sluggish offense showed signs of coming back . baseball ' s weekly braves : manager brian snitker decided to give starting pitcher josh freeman a few days off . freeman had made a team - high 13 appearances and struggled during a 10 - 4 loss on monday . " this is probably the most he ' s been used to in a season in his career , " snit##ker said . " it ' s a difficult area for him to get to . " reds : c devin mesoraco was released with a sore thumb . . . . 3b eugenio suarez began a rehab assignment with triple - a louisville . he has been out since april 8 , when he was hit by jameson taillon ' s pitch and broke his right thumb . up next braves : matt wisler ( 1 - 0 , 1 . 00 era ) is 1 - 0 record against the reds in two starts and two relief appearances , allowing eight runs in 5 2 / 3 innings . reds : c brandon finnegan ( 0 - 2 , 2 . 05 ) made his first start . he began the season on the dl with a strained right oblique . he ' s given up nine runs in 7 2 / 3 innings . _ _ _ more ap sports : http : / / apnews . com / tag / mlbbaseball