brussels ( ap ) — international efforts to rebuild syria after the civil war is over should focus on helping to kick start the reconstruction and quickly improve the lives of the people , a high - level united nations official said tuesday . in an interview with the associated press ahead of an international syria peace conference , the united nations ' food and agriculture organization ' s deputy director general carl gustafson said that in hopes of a return to agriculture the process of restoring farming would yield almost immediate results . " if you succeed in that , you are going to get a quick return , " he said . despite seven years of fighting through much of the middle eastern nation which still lacks food and water resources , agriculture still accounts for almost a third of syria ' s gross domestic product . un figures show that over $ 10 billion of production has been lost because of the war and it will take about as long to complete the recovery of farming going forward . at the two - day syria conference on tuesday , donors from around the globe hope to commit several billion in aid to meet the pressing needs of syria . over $ 5 billion was pledged last year . agriculture in syria goes back many thousands of years and the nation was once a boon for the area . when the war started almost all the populationare still employed in farming . and despite the horrific war that destroyed orchards and vineyards , reduced the availability of seeds and food and left many people homeless , still the situation continues to this day . " the transformation of the agriculture sector is an astonishing thing . you now have half the production of crops of what you had before the war " — two million today , out of 4 million before the war , gustafson said . still , about 6 . 5 million people are in urgent need of immediate assistance because they face a shortage of food , said gustafson . while most of the attention goes to shocking events like wars or even terrorist attacks , war in the balkans also has a more immediate effect . " there is this rapid deterioration of their livelihoods . you cannot get seeds , you cannot sell stuff , you cannot buy , you cannot get spare parts , " gustafson said . " the whole thing just kind of grinds away . " he said that yes , the economy will probably pick up again soon once the times are right , once the new jobs come in again and people and goods are finally free to move around the country .