los angeles ( ap ) — helen mirren said her 2013 film " winchester " wasn ' t a horror film , but rather a ghost story with foreign characters and a native american perspective — the psychological effects of gun deaths . mirren plays the real - life helen winchester , a 19th - century heiress who inherited a massive fortune from her husband ' s creation of the winchester repeating rifle shortly after the civil war . in the film , winchester believes she is haunted by those killed by the rifle , which allowed for more rapid firing than other rifles . " it ' s a ghost story , something in the tradition , the very long tradition , of japanese ghost stories , ghost stories , " mirren said in a recent interview . " you know , the japanese love ghost stories and have great belief in the power of the ancestral spirits , of the ancestors , as other cultures do . " part of the film was shot at winchester ' s home in san jose , california , where she moved after the death of her husband in 1881 . now known as the " winchester mansion house , " it is a popular tourist attraction and has more than 160 rooms , 10 thousand windows , two thousand rooms and 300 staircases . according the rumors around winchester ' s death , she ordered the renovations on the home to cater toand the ghosts she saw were haunting her . " there are many theories that she did this , " mirren said . " and one of the theories that we explore in the film . she was trying to placate the ghosts of the people who ' d been killed by the sniper ##s . she felt their deaths very strongly . she felt them . she felt the weight of their deaths upon them . and she was trying , in her own way , to calm their ghosts . " despite " america ' s " themes , mirren , however , said the film isn ' t trying to make any political statement about gun ownership in america . " what i like about america and i think . . . about america is that it doesn ' t deal with whether you can carry guns or not . that ' s kind of not the issue , " she said . " the issue is not like the question mark puts the weight of moral decision upon the people who make a fortune from making arms — whether they ' re guns , knives , grenades . . . or whatever it is . it puts the moral decision upon the people who make their fortune from guns and then i would do the same . in the world i would like to see it . . . i saw it more as a" more global way . "