the first amendment gives americans freedom of speech , however , it does not give them protection from censorship of their speech , says tech journalist and blogher co - founder elisa camahort ##e . recently , a google employee was fired after releasing a leaked memo that women don ' t advance in the tech industry because of biological factors . page uses this issue to shed light on how companies can manage free expression in the workplace . see : employee sexual activity policy ( tech pro ##s ) in the case of the google employee , the employee was fired not because he broke the law , but because he violated a company policy . " when people talk about having open minds and people are able to be free to express their opinions , what they say is about ' how to develop a product ' and ' how to overcome their differences , ' she said . " they want to find different points of view around creating the best possible product . " this freedom of expression in the workplace isn ' t an excuse to get into political debates , and most companies don ' t want you to do that , she said . it also becomes a major issue for a company when its employees make derogatory comments about their colleagues — especially in an environment where privacy is critical — because it lowers employees ' comfort level and makes thebest practices . see : # sexual harassment policy ( by : ##sper ) she said that companies of that size should have a code of conduct about internal and external threats . companies need have rules in place about the type of communication that ' s appropriate for their employees about their job . companies should also ensure that they represent the company when talking about anything relevant to their job . " this should be normal for companies and employees to do , " she said . she said that all companies with over 100 employees should have an hr manager . once a company reaches that size , there are a lot of policies and procedures that need to be put in place . " there are baseline hr things that you should do in every company , that ' s the biggest part , and if you ' re not doing them , you ' re missing out . " discover the key to it leadership success with these tips on project management , budgets , and dealing with day - to - day issues . subscribe to techrepublic ' s hr briefing page . contribute to wikipedia :