boston ( ap ) — adam henrique scored twice and the anaheim ducks ended boston ' s five - game point streak with a 3 - 2 victory over the bruins on tuesday night . jakob silfverberg also scored for the ducks , the first team to beat the bruins in regulation since boston ' s 5 - 4 win nov . 14 in boston . cam fowler and rickard rakell had two assists apiece . john gibson made 21 saves before leaving in the third period with an ankle injury . ryan murphy played the final 1 : 30 and then completed a comeback for the ducks . ryan spooner scored for boston with 41 seconds left . henrique shot into an empty net with 1 . 1 seconds left to seal it for the bruins , who ended boston ' s five - game winning streak and a stretch of 18 games with at least one point ( 5 - 3 - 4 ) , which tied for the second - longest in franchise history . anton khudobin stopped 24 shots for the bruins , but never scored after being outshot 6 - 5 in the first period and falling behind 2 - 1 on goals by silfverberg and henrique . the ducks have won eight straight against the bruins , but haven ' t beaten them since their 3 - 2 shootout victory on oct. 21 , 2013 . anaheim took a 1 - 0 lead when khudobin couldn ' t quite hold onto a strong shot by miller . the puck fell from khudobin ' s glove and slid into the crease , where it appeared to be knocked away by ducks forward zdeno chara as he went back into his own glove 9 : 04 into the game . silfverberg was credited with the goal and it went to miller and rakell , who set up the ducks ' second goal a few minutes later when henrique scored . the ducks were on a power play and worked the puck in the corners , then to henrique in the right corner for a long shot that beat khudobin on the stick side at 13 : 59 . he took a few minutes to regroup after a hard hit from patrice bergeron hit him in the ribs early in the game , and ended up retiring with 7 : 25 left and was replaced by miller . source : the ducks began their five - game road series against eastern division rival . . . . boston lw anders bjork left after the first period with an upper - body injury . . . . anaheim was without leading scorer brad marchand , who sat out the remainder of the five - gamesuspension for throwing an elbow last week against new jersey . game next week : visit the ottawa senators on thursday night . friday : host the st . louis blues on friday night . _ _ _ more ap sports : http : / / apnews . com / sports / nhlhockey