detroit ( ap ) — the women ' s gymnastics coach at michigan state university suddenly announced her retirement online , a day after she was suspended for what her attorney described as her " spirited defense " of a sports official accused of sexually abusing female athletes for years . kathie klages has also been criticized in media by two women who claim she brushed off complaints of abuse by dr . larry nassar in the early 2000s . klages is " deeply embarrassed " by the allegations and would never do anything to put athletes in " harm ' s way , " her attorney , shirlee bobryk , said in a statement . " out of respect to the university and the gymnastics program in particular , dr . klages believes it is in everyone ' s best interest for her to retire from her current position at msu , " bobryk said . it ' s one of the biggest controversies on campus since nassar was fired by michigan state in 2005 and more than two dozen women and men filed lawsuits against him . in two separate court cases , he ' s charged with sexually abusing a girl at his detroit - area home and possessing child pornography . nassar has pleaded not guilty and denied the assault allegations against female athletes at michigan and elsewhere . he was alsoa longtime doctor with us - based usa gymnastics , which trains athletes . klages ' suspension from 25 years as gymnastics coach was announced monday without any comment from michigan state . but the school made more statements tuesday in a letter written by athletic director mark hollis , who announced her firing . hollis explained to klages that she was fired because of what she had said at her sept . 11 meeting with her gymnasts . " you shared with the team your highly emotional expression of shock over the allegations against dr . nassar . that resulted in some student - athletes leaving the meeting feeling that they had received mixed reactions , " hollis said . " others felt confused about who they could or should speak with about the allegations . while i acknowledge you provided student - athletes with information before reporting to the office of institutional ##ization , your passionate defense of dr . nassar created an emotionally charged environment for the team , " hollis said . a letter seeking comment on hollis ' letter wasn ' t immediately received by klages ' attorney . earlier , bobryk said klages would participate fully in any further investigation of nassar or lawsuits against him . " dr . nassar is trusted by ms . klages to fairly and honestly treat her team members . " sheever received any opportunity to cast doubt on the validity of that belief in dr . nassar , she would have gone immediately to all her gymnasts , " bobryk said . _ _ _ _ ed link at http : / / www . google . com / edwhiteap