an old android device found on a reddit poster is causing a lot of people to scratch their heads : when searching " the1975 . . com " ( with the red dot ) the poster found one of his own text messages displayed by google instead of the one he was looking for . other reddit users responded in saying that they were expecting the same result , with some even experiencing problems when they did not search for " vizela viagens " ( a travel agency in one reddit user ' s home town ) , and the glitch also appeared with other results too . reddit users with a wide variety of android devices said they were disappointed as well . particularly interesting is a comment stating that if you type " my text messages " into the search bar you receive the same result . what this means for how people may be processing text messages is unknown . is it a security risk ? google has yet to issue a statement about the bug , and without full knowledge of the issue and its cause it ' s difficult to determine if there is a real risk of data exposure . more likely is the possibility that the bug is specific to google itself , as pointed out by an article on mspoweruser : " upon testing , i found out that an android device withgoogle assistant addresses this issue . it isn ' t certain if this is a deliberate action by google or just a weird bug that [ lets ] google read the messages stored on the device . " see : mobile device privacy policy ( tech security research ) google assistant has been able to read text messages aloud for some time , with the possible possibility that google simply overlooked a few precise technical terms that would generate the same result . those concerned about the safety and security of their text messages can protect themselves , and the process is automatic . open the settings app , click on the apps option , and then read sms messages from the settings app . there ' s a good chance this isn ' t anything more than a simple bug , but taking precautions to protect your text messages is good to know just in case . the following is for industry reasons : many users are still seeing their text messages in google search results when searching specific things like " the1975 . . com " or " vizela viagens . " it ' s not clear at this point if there is a security risk involved in this glitch . it ' s more likely that this is a bug related to google assistant ' s ability to read text messages aloud . if you ' re not concerned about thesecurity you can disable google ' s security permissions in the android security app . learn about the latest updates and bugs by subscribing to our cybersecurity insider newsletter . email support .