detroit ( ap ) — ryan matheson scored his first goal of the season and the florida panthers won in overtime for the first time this season , taking a 2 - 1 lead from the detroit red wings on monday night . matheson hit the rebound of a jonas bjugstad goal into the net behind detroit goaltender mike smith at the 2 : 02 mark of the overtime period for the winner . detroit improved to 3 - 2 in ot , rallying from a 1 - 0 first - period deficit for the victory . vincent trocheck then scored for the panthers , and henrik zetterberg scored for the wings , who are 0 - 2 in overtime . after a five - game playoff drought , zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18 : 27 mark of the first period . panthers defenseman matheson blocked zetterberg ' s first shot , but the detroit goaltender picked up the rebound and hit a low pass between the pads of detroit forward james reimer . the panthers tied the game during a third - period power play at the 19 : 00 mark . florida center jonathan huberdeau went down after being cross - checked by red wings defenseman niklas kronwall , but as he landed on the ice , huberdeau hit a pass right acrossthe top of the fourth to trocheck , whose second shot went into the detroit net off the right glove of detroit goalie mike smith . note : blues c aleksandr barkov , who leads the nhl with eight multi - point games , returned to the lineup after the saturday ' s 4 - 1 loss to the colorado avalanche with an upper - body injury . . . . red wings c / rw adam witkowski saw his first action since the conclusion of his 10 - game nhl suspension for returning to the lineup to start a game nov . 18 against the calgary flames , and fought off with blues c micheal haley , who leads the nhl with eight double doubles . up next week : in chicago , to face the blackhawks in the second game of their five - game road trip . red wings : in the first game of their five - game homestand series against the boston bruins . _ _ _ _ ap nhl : www . apnews . com / tags / nhlhockey