seoul , south korea - - ( business wire ) - - april 22 , 2018 - - yj link co . , ltd . , a company specializing in the supply of board handling equipment for smt , and with 50 facilities in 45 countries as their primary clients , announced that they have developed the smart conveyor system for automation of the operational system of individual facilities and network , in line with the fast - growing smt market due to web 4 . 0 . this press release features graphics . see the press release at : http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / release / 20180531005051 / en / smart transport system ( graphic : business wire ) yj network , which is the smart smt system , is connected to the line control pc through lan communication , and the customer can convey pcb orders and service orders to the yj facility through the line control pc . in addition , yj web server , which allows the customer to monitor the performance of the equipment in the network in realtime through the web server ( mobile unit and server , etc . ) , is being highlighted as the next - generation smt system to improve customers ' efficiency and competitiveness . in addition , the company has developed the microcontroller - based“ micom ( embedded ) ” to provide integrated factory automation and software - integrated manufacturing technology to customers . yj smart facility , to which micom is integrated , provides a system capable of controlling motor and mechanical equipment , and higher and more advanced equipment levels , with high operational efficiency through the application of a graphical user interface ( gui ) for the user interface . core yj smart facility functions , to which micom is grafted , includes - - model generating models , - - provide production history management and processing of an extensive amount of data and log files , - - provide realtime line monitoring for maintenance and repair of , and preventive services for , the facility , and - - provide an infrastructure for the development of integrated manufacturing management system ( ems ) - linked integrated management systems . along with this , yj automated delivery vehicle ( agv ) has been receiving extensive attention . the efforts of many companies throughout the world are being focused on smart factory . in addition to the pcb loader and unloader that operate the smt system , yj agv also provides inputs and outputs the magazine rack , linking to the customer ’ s production warehouse . it ensures the productivity of the customer ’ s production operations by providing the necessary resources . additionally , yj link co. , ltd . and is spreading its message as a socially - responsible company that supports the dreams of children in difficult circumstances through its contributions to childfund foundation . open source version on businesswire . com : https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180531005051 / en / contact : yj link co . , ltd . leon kim - @ yjlink . com keyword : asia pacific & pacific pacific keyword : computer hardware contact : software & other technology contact : yj link co . , ltd . view business ##wire 2018 . date : 05 / 31 / 2018 03 : 00 am / time : 05 / 31 / 2018 03 : 00 am https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180531005051 / .