london ( ap ) — when thiago silva moved to russia more than a decade ago , tuberculosis almost ended his career . this year , the brazil team will be back in the country playing at the world cup . the 29 - year - old silva joined dynamo moscow in 2005 but soon felt chest pain that had to be checked out . it was believed to be tuberculosis , which kept him in the hospital for five months . russian doctors even considered removing part of his lungs . " that would have ended my career , i needed the angels to take me away , " silva said this morning at the brazilian team ' s training camp in london . " i was a little overwhelmed by the match we played against russia this year . it is hard for us to be strong . i hope we can change that by lifting the world cup trophy . " silva , who now plays for paris saint - germain alongside brazil teammate neymar , never played a match for dynamo but ended up being the captain of his national team at the 2006 world cup . in brazil , however , silva would struggle to secure a starting position under manager tite . former psg teammate , marquinhos , and former milan defender miranda have started most of brazil ' s matches over the last two years . when silva made hisafter problems in 2005 , it was dynamo coach ivo wortmann who saved the defender from having surgery on his lungs . " we got thiago from porto , took him to serie b and arranged his transfer to dynamo , " wortmann , who is also brazilian , told the associated press . silva ' s mother , angela , and his wife , isabelle , also thought the surgery was unnecessary . " i told them no one would open my son up and risk his life , " isabelle said . " i am not a doctor , and no one thinks he should go through that . " to see him in the dynamo shirt is a joy for us all , especially those that remember him from those days . " silva agreed and signed again to play for wortmann , this time with brazilian club fluminense . " when thiago arrived he said he would play , be one of the best , go to a world cup and win it , " wortmann said . " tite makes the world go around , so we all know who the captain will be . and if brazil reaches the final and wins it , there is no one better than thiago to win it . his perseverance is an inspiration to us all . " silva is just happy toa part of the team . " if i get to wear the badge , it will be a great honor , " he said . " but if i don ' t i will have to treat you the same way . "