washington ( ap ) — ryan stephenson , andre burakovsky and a . j . oshie ended lengthy goal streaks to help the washington capitals win against the philadelphia flyers 5 - 2 on wednesday night . stephenson scored twice after going without a goal for three minutes , burakovsky scored on the power play after being held empty for 10 minutes and oshie dropped his stick and looked to the sky when he scored on the power - play to end his 13 - game dry streak . devante ##ur - pelly scored washington ' s fifth goal on 20 shots to tie flyers goaltender michal neuvirth midway through the third period of a game the capitals trailed 3 - 0 to win . braden holtby stopped 27 of the 30 shots , including an important penalty save early against travis konecny and two saves against flyers goaltender claude giroux . the capitals snapped what would have been their first five - game playoff losing streak since 2010 on the heels of their nhl - best five - game home winning streak that ended jan 11 . no . 2 goaltender nolan patrick , konecny and jakub voracek scored for philadelphia . alex lyon made his nhl debut in relief of neuvirth , stopping five shots in preparation for what could be his first startseries at new jersey . the flyers got off to a hot start when patrick made the most of his promotion to second - string center by scoring on a 2 - on - 1 rush with kevin simmonds at 1 : 30 remaining . holtby robbed konecny on another shot , and the young forward scored to make it 2 - 1 at 2 : 50 as he followed up sean stephenson ' s initial goal . as much as philadelphia dominated the first period , washington took over in the second , starting with a mistake by neuvirth when he lost the puck to him . stephenson poked it in to get the capitals on the board and scored on a breakaway 47 seconds later to tie it at 2 . stephenson ' s two goals in under a minute came after he scored two in his first three games this season . with rookie defenseman ryan macdonald in the penalty box for washington , lars eller began a faceoff and a scoring battle , directing macdonald to net for burakovsky ' s first power - play goal of the season 1 : 32 into the second to give the capitals the lead . it was the capitals from there , though flyers fans filled the arena with " e - a - l - l - e - g " chants just before the gamebowl . com : smith - pelly replaced injured scratch jakub vrana , who had one goal in 13 games . smith - pelly ' s goal was his first since nov . 18 . . . . patrick has his first career multipoint game . . . . neuvirth and lyon join philadelphia ' s goaltending rotation because brian elliott is on injured reserve with a lower - body injury . the next flyers : visit the new jersey devils on thursday night . capitals : visit the pittsburgh penguins on friday night . _ _ _ _ hockey analyst mike whyno on twitter at https : / / twitter . com / swhyno _ _ _ for more nhl stats : https : / / apnews . com / tag / nhlhockey