plant city , fla . ( ap ) — a florida man who doctors say is dying from a rare form of cancer has been granted one of his last wishes , to be married to his high school sweetheart . the tampa bay times reported 19 - year - old dustin snyder and 21 - year - old jessica siverio were wed sunday in plant city , north carolina . " with her being there with me through this ordeal , always supporting me and loving me , that ' s when i knew she was the one , " snyder said . " i wanted to give her something back . my time was up . " doctors say snyder has weeks or maybe a month to live . wasting no time , snyder proposed to siverio on thursday . the newspaper reports the community quickly came together to make sure the wedding took place , donating everything from the rings to the wedding cake and the flowers . the two say they ' ve been overwhelmed by the amount of support from fans . snyder ' s sister , brittany snyder , shared her brother ' s story on facebook and started a gofundme campaign , which had raised over $ 100 , 000 by then . an update said they had reached their goal and that donations would help the couple with their children . " i didn 't think we would go this far , but god was on our side , " hails snyder . " dustin ' s really sick , and all we wanted is for him to be happy . and he ' s happy right now . " the teens met in middle school , but had little contact until reuniting in high school . snyder has battled bacterial pneumonia most of that time . on june 27 , 2016 , the day before his 18th birthday , snyder went to the hospital with chest pains , which his mother thought was brought on by asthma . but doctors later diagnosed the teen with bacterial sarcoma , which targets soft tissues and is more common among adolescents and young adults than the age groups who get it . " when i first found dustin i was scared , but then he told me i had to be there for him , " siverio said . " ever since he said that i ' ve been on his side . " _ _ _ _ from : tampa bay times ( st . petersburg , fla . ) , http : / / www . tampabay . com .