the ( ap ) — the netherlands ' spy service broke into the computers used by a suspected russian hacking group and will be sitting on charges related to the breach of the u . s . democratic national committee , a weekly newspaper and television show jointly broadcast friday . reports carried in the dutch daily volkskrant and by the current affairs magazine nieuwsuur said people working for the dutch general intelligence and security service penetrated the computers used by the group , often nicknamed the russians , in mid - 2014 and used them for at least a week , even managing to catch the hackers on camera . dutch prime minister kajsa ollongren , interviewed by ap in the hague before the president ' s first cabinet meeting , declined to confirm the report , saying instead that she was " very happy that we have good security services in the netherlands that do their work well . " president vladimir putin ' s spokesman , dmitry peskov , said he had yet to see any official comment from the dutch intelligence service on the matter . " if the dutch authorities want to fuel anti - russian hysteria in the u . s . , it ' s an act that can ' t be called for , " he said . volkskrant and nieuwsuur said that the russian intelligenceand their offer to help remove cozy bear from u . s . state department computers in late 2014 . volkskrant said the spies were so impressed they sent the dutch candy and flowers . ko colijn , a researcher at clingendael , the netherlands institute of international relations , said the news could indicate a global trend in which small but tech - savvy countries like the netherlands " can supplement their military budgets with cyber quality services . " the leaks drew media attention in washington , where cozy bear has been identified as one of two russian government - backed hacking groups that hacked in to the dnc ahead of the 2016 presidential election . the other group is usually called fancy bear . unmasking the cozy bear group would provide key evidence for investigators trying to solve the dnc scandal , but it would not solve the mystery of the leaks that followed . a recent ap report found that all but one of the two dozen or so officials whose emails were published in the run - up to the 2016 election were hacked by fancy bear , which cybersecurity firm crowdstrike had operated independently from cozy bear . the group has been meddling with the u . s . presidential vote . _ _ _ satter , from the. vladimir isachenkov represents russia according to this report . _ _ _ _ : volkskrant report ( in dutch ) : https : / / www . volkskrant . nl / en / dutch - authorities - gathered - inside - intel - about - russian - government - interference - in - dutch - affairs ~ a4561913 / niewsuur report ( in dutch ) : https : / / nl . nl / nieuwsuur / artikel / 2213762 - hackteam - aivd - gaf - " - cruciale - information - van - russische - inmenging - verkiezingen . "