new poll ( ap ) — tennessee climbed back into the top 25 with a big win while uconn continues to be no . 1 in the associated press women ' s basketball poll . the lady vols ( 10 - 0 ) knocked off then - no . 1 texas on sunday and rose four spots to seventh in the top 25 on monday . tennessee , which was a perennial top team in the polls , hasn ' t been among the first 10 teams in the polls since nov . 6 , 2015 . the longhorns climbed four spots to eighth . both games are against the huskies ( 10 - 4 ) , who beat depaul in their only game this past week . uconn received all 32 first place votes from the ap media poll . the huskies , like many other teams , went off for exams this week . notre dame , kentucky , ohio state and north carolina follow uconn . baylor , ucla , texas , oregon and west virginia round out the top 10 . ucla ( 10 - 1 ) entered the top 25 for the first time since 2015 , coming in at no . 10 . oregon fell behind . ap poll rankings : big blues : ucla and north carolina ended up this week losing at oklahoma state and texas respectively . the huskies dropped four spots to seventh .11 . the wildcats fall six places to no . 10 . ucla has a three - game eastern series at seton hall and fordham moves up before entering pac - 12 play . total offense : no . 1 villanova is off to its best start since the 1979 - 80 season , winning its first seven games . the wildcats held off temple down the stretch on tuesday , winning 76 - 69 to equal the squad ' s mark from four years ago . villanova has its best start since jan . 12 , 2004 when the team ranked second . she said it : " if that was the no . 1 team in the country , where would we stand now ? " senior senior mercedes wright asked after the win over texas . " 82 - 79 . there ' s your answer right there . " wednesday games : there are no games this week between ranked teams as no . 9 oregon visits fourth - ranked oregon state on wednesday . the seventh - ranked florida state seminoles visits no . 10 texas on thursday . _ _ _ see the full poll : http : / / collegebasketball . ap . org / ap - womens - basketball - preview - week - 1 - results _ _ _ follow doug on twitter at http : / / www . twitter . com / dougfeinberg