taipei ( taiwan news ) - - as south korea ' s defense ministry strives to complete the korean high altitude air defense ( thaad ) system by the end of this year , hong kong media reported that the us government has plans to deploy the system to taiwan to help establish an east asian " anti - terrorist " anti - missile network with japan and south korea . the hong kong - based magazine aviation week ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) published an article written by formertaiwanese wing commander lu ming - shih ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) titled , " u . s . is rumored to be planning to deploy thaad system in taiwan , " asserting that in order to intercept the ballistic missiles deployed in southern china and at guam , taiwan would be an ideal place to set up a thaad system to intercept the ballistic missiles currently participating in the caf program in the skies of hsinchu , miaoli , taipei , and nantou counties . according to wendell minnick from the us - based aviation news website shephard , china plans to procure 100 f - 35a conventional fighters and 100 short take - off / vertical landing f - 35b jet fighters to replace its aging mirage 2000s , and air superiority fighters ( caf ) aircraft , and f - 5 tigers .but the us may use a shortfall in the number of f - 16 fighters delivered as an excuse to recommend taiwan adopt the thaad system . the aviation week article also speculated now that japan and south korea both seem to be adopting the thaad system , the u . s . may be considering taiwan too . in may of last year , south korea agreed to the adoption of thaad , while in september last year , the japanese ministry of defense also launched a study into adopting the system . the article also speculated in the future , the advanced tracked / surveillance radar system ( an / tpy - r ) , developed by u . s . defense contractor raytheon may be deployed in japan and south korea along japan ' s so - called " first island chain " line of defense , and it is possible that the same system could be deployed in taiwan as well .