omdahl ' s column is a good complement to herald staff writer dan easter ' s story from last year , " the wall : grand forks history shows division over big projects " ( page a1 , no . 5 ) . as it documents , grand forks has always had a hard time getting to " agree " on big projects such as the library . " it seems — it ' s just this perception — when you talk to other communities , they want to do it better , " city council ##man ken vein says in the story . but grand forks residents shouldn ' t feel so bad , because north dakotans as a whole tend to have this resistance to change . that ' s because " north dakotans like access , even when it means getting swept under the rug , " omdahl says . " they have a lot — a big role — in government . the many levels at which citizens can be a part of government implements the whole idea that everybody is important and should ' have a say . ' " there ' s no real evidence of the touch - and - go system that has held up much of grand forks ' central park . but what about fargo ? for that matter , what about bismarck ? in both cities , access - minded north dakotans have mustered the efficiency to makeprojects program . in 2004 , fargo voters passed an 18 - month , half - cent sales tax to build a new main library and two branch libraries with 62 % of the vote . and in bismarck , the chamber of commerce and a steering committee have raised $ 1 million to build the community bowl , in order to take the 1990s - era facility ' s place as home of the state high - school track meet . it ' s very hard to compare things , because it ' s not easy to just choose how to make a comparison . and whenever grand forks frets about fargo or bismarck , it should remember city council member jim sande ' s perceptive comment in today ' s article : " my experience is that people ( in grand forks ) are generally happy . and when you ' re generally unhappy , your tendency is to vote badly for something . " but generally , fargo can differ from other communities , especially where large and complex projects are involved . indeed , grand forks ' sense that fargo , in particular , has a stronger development mindset goes back not just decades but decades . where development is concerned , " fargo means business and grand forks means hassles , " a grand forks city council member said in a newspaper story on the subject in 2003 . grand forks 'policies struck us as being much closer to growth than they were then . so , it ' s our hope that grand forks ' determination will follow suit — that the city and its citizens will follow the grand forks school district ' s lead , in mapping out an ambitious plan ( as the district did with discovery health & wellness ) and finding ways to get it done . - - david dennis for the national