the criminal case against the 29 - year - old crookston man , was filed shortly after judge tamara yon sentenced him to polk county district court for his actions during a fight with skater paul torres , who died after hitting his head dec . 25 , 2015 , at captain morgan arena . prosecutors failed to convince the jury that a shove from strommen caused torres ' death . strommen didn ' t deny pushing torres , but he said he never saw torres fall , and the victim fell to the ice . torres died a week later at altru hospital in grand rapids due to his injuries . last week , jurors convicted strommen of the most serious charges : first - degree manslaughter , a felony ; and first - degree assault , a felony . the jury did find strommen guilty of criminal disorderly conduct . yon sentenced strommen to 90 days in jail , the maximum sentence for the offense under michigan law . but strommen did get probation for time served , so he does not have to spend anymore time in jail . he was ordered to pay $ 1 , 085 in court fees and fines . torres ' mother , rita saenz , faced strommen in court , calling him "you killed my husband . " she said strommen killed the man she loved , though she was not present during the altercation . " he doesn ' t look happy , i see nothing but pain in his eyes , " saenz told forum news service . " i wanted him to look at me , look at my face so that he could see what i have to do with my life every day . " strommen remained silent throughout johnson ' s trial , only shaking his head when yon asked if he had anything to say during his sentencing . strommen did not look at saenz during the hearing . he also refused to give comment to reporters from wdaz . saenz told wdaz she felt the justice system failed her , and her children will never see it . " i did everything i could do , " she said . " i had to do it , and i felt like i failed my family because i was going to get married , and i wasn ' t able to do that . " wdaz and the grand forks herald are owned by the forum communications co .