the u . s . fish and wildlife service , a branch of the interior department , in september proposed bringing the species under federal protection . the notice for the listing of the honey bee , most commonly used in the upper midwest and northeastern united states , was published in the federal register on jan . 11 and scheduled to take effect last friday . the natural resources defense council said the listing had been delayed until january 21 as part of a budget freeze ordered by trump ' s white house and regulations issued by the prior administration aimed at protecting public health and the environment . the group claimed in a lawsuit filed in the u . s . district court for the southern district of new york that u . s . wildlife managers had violated the law by abruptly withdrawing the bumble bee listing without prior notice or comment . they said the rule technically became final when it was published in the federal register . the lawsuit seeks to have a judge declare that the u . s . fish and wildlife service acted illegally and to force the agency to lift the regulations for the honey bee ' s listing . " the science is clear — this species is heading toward extinction , and now . there is no legitimate reason to delay the protections , " natural resources defense council senior counsel rebecca riley said in abush . the u . s . fish and wildlife service could not immediately be reached for comment . bumble bees eat wildflowers and about a third of u . s . crops , from blueberries to corn , according to the xerces society for invertebrate research . the bee ' s population and range have declined by more than 50 percent since the late 1990s due to disease , pollution , climate change and habitat loss , according to wildlife international . the bee is one of 47 species of native bumble bees in the united states and canada , more than a quarter of which carry the risk of extinction , according to the international union for the conservation of nature . in september , two populations of red - footed bees in hawaii became the first such insects to be added to the u . s . list of endangered species because of declines due to habitat loss , wildfires and the introduction of invasive plants and animals .