she had overdosed . someone had brought her to the clinic in the middle of the night on feb . 2 , she said , but when the clinic was closed , whoever brought her started the car and left . they didn ' t call 911 . this morning , the grand forks police department put out a statement that those using and selling drugs that are illegal at the time of the overdose will only be prosecuted if they cooperate and cooperate with first response . in north dakota and minnesota , good samaritan laws are on the books that give immunity to those who call in drug cases if the caller remains on scene until first response arrive and cooperate with medical services and law enforcement . the caller must be in need of emergency medical care . up to five people can be granted immunity . the law also applies to people suffering from drug poisoning . " we want people to be focused on saving a life , " said lt . jeremy moe with the human resource bureau . in 2016 , grand forks police responded to five calls for overdoses . three of them were fatal . state sen . john anderson jr . , r - turtle lake , is the author of the public health laws that passed in north dakota in 2015 . the former president of the north dakota college of medicine , johnand he wanted to sponsor the program to give people a better chance to survive . information provided by companions can be key to successful programs . " it ' s hard to figure out what they took or what the situation is , and by the time you have a chance to find out what it is , it ' s too late , " anderson said . in the process of passing the law , legislators heard testimony from a man whose companions had found him in a dumpster , thinking he ' d overdosed , anderson said . but too many people know about the incident , anderson said . he also believes law enforcement have been successful in pressing charges against people , despite the law . " they ' re using the mental health laws as an excuse to hurt you because , basically , if i gave you drugs , then i ' m guilty of providing them for you . it ' s like a crime even if i gave them to you free , " he said . " so we need a little better help with that . if you ' re trying to save somebody ' s life for crying out loud , back off a little bit . catch the crook the next time . " anderson said people speak to one another , and if law enforcement is too aggressive , nothing can deter them from callingfor help . grand forks police said they were not aware of any other incidents in minnesota where aid had been granted based on the good samaritan laws . fox news service contributed to this story .