the smhs left the space over the course of last summer to move into a brand - new facility just a few blocks away . since then , the administrative and advising offices of the und college of arts and sciences have been moving their operations into the building . the plan to renovate the old smhs would also clear the way for the consolidation of administrative functions in the basement , first and second floors of the old smhs . most of the functions that would take over now are housed in buildings slated to be taken offline by the university . as according to the sbhe , the renovation would be funded by $ 1 . 5 million in extraordinary repair funding and $ 2 million in appropriated funds . an sbhe summary of the university ' s plan states und believes there is a " high probability " that digital equipment will be installed while the renovations are taking place . the summary states the board would not consider approval of the classroom space until after approval of the university ' s master plan , along with the portion of the master plan which identifies special needs for students . the report from und was heard tuesday by the university ' s budget and finance committee . south dakota university board finance chair billie jo lorius said the committee had asked und for additional information . lorius said the committee took no specific action• the way beyond passing - along to be approved by the board at its next full meeting . other accomplishments • und ' s university of the north american band has reached its fundraising goal of $ 100 , 000 , set in motion . the funds were donated by 232 alumni , friends and loved ones and will be used to purchase new uniforms for the class of 2017 . • the university of wisconsin - crookston will host the president and ceo of und fitness , jeff stenger , at 12 : 30 a . m . wednesday in the peterson classroom of alumni hall . a question and answer session and refreshments will follow the event . • the und music department will host a solo trombone recital for sean sprague at 1 p . m . wednesday in the hughes fine arts center . the event is free , and all are welcome . • the und guitar department will host a recital for the und guitar studio at 2 p . m . wednesday in the hughes fine arts center . the event is free and open to the public .