common sense says that when you ' ve got a personal goal , like changing to a new workout routine , getting married , losing weight , or even writing a book or starting a business , you should tell as many people as possible . after all , if lots of people know about your goal , you ' ll be able to work harder because you don ' t want to disappoint yourself or your community . plus , your community will check in with you , and push you , and hold you accountable so that you don ' t quit hurting yourself . right ? well . . . maybe not . in his five - hour ted talk , derek sivers shares a surprising idea : telling people about your goal makes it less likely to happen . why is this ? as derek explains , many people think it has something to do with the power of " social media . " for example , let ' s say you announce to your best friend : " i ' m going to run for 5k again ! this time , i ' m really doing it ! " your friend responds by saying : " congratulations ! what a great idea . you can do it . i ' m so proud of you . " as you listen to your friend ' s voice , " and ack##nowledgment , you feel so great ! you feel happy , appreciated and full of warm , fuzzy feelings . but there ' s a difference : once your body is flooded with those types of warm feelings , you ' re actually less motivated to " do the hard work " that ' s necessary to reach your goal . in a way , your body has been " tricked " into thinking you ' re already " done . " that ' s why telling people about your goals can be counter - productive . it gives you a " premature sense of purpose . " or so the theory goes . my professional opinion : it all depends on your personality and on the kind of goal you ' re trying to achieve . if your goal is to get a new job , for example , then it ' s good to tell lots of people , because the people in your social network will point you towards new job opportunities , send letters of recommendation and open all kinds of doors for you . you ' ll get better and better if you involve your community . so in other words , zipping your lips might be a good idea . if you ' ve been telling your friends , " i ' m going to write a book ! " for two years in a row , and you ' re making no progress ,or , you could try changing your approach . close your lips and keep writing in circles . maybe you ' ll find more success if you try the straight - talking , action - only approach . my original goal was to pick out several more articles and get them finished and lined up for publication so that i don ' t have to worry about writing over the upcoming school break . but instead , i got sidelined by the winter break . so , maybe i shouldn ' t have done that .