the simple bottom line : the job is important , and vital . why is kennedy himself among north dakota ' s highest ranking public officials ? simple : because kennedy ' s salary is substantial . it ' s an investment by north dakota in kennedy ' s talent and connections , connections that kennedy is expected to use to raise tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars for the university . fundraising is a necessary part of a good university administrator ' s job . so is helping the complicated institution in a way that increases its reputation and prestige . if kennedy succeeds at those goals , then north dakota ' s investment will be more than paid off . and if the event coordinator helps kennedy financially , then the state will have spent that money wisely here , too . furthermore , they hurt their reputation when they employ the coordinator as a " bartender . " a glance at the job description sets the record straight . the description lists more than 50 duties , of which " serve as bartender during events " is only one . other duties include " initiate , direct and coordinate all official state events hosted by the president and first lady , " " make all travel arrangements , " " extend invitations and provide rsvp follow - ups , " " on - site management of the event , " " manage expenses , " " receive payment" and hundreds of others . as a thoughtful editorial , kennedy ' s post concluded , " to reduce the impressive multi - tasking that the budget secretary must devote to fulfilling one of the more important duties , the job description is a disservice to her ( the vice president ' s ) valuable work and presence at und . " that said , kennedy should realize that with every und faculty and student anxious about where the ax will fall , his own hiring decisions will be second best . students are hurting , and a key to getting " back in " from them will be something that the administration is sharing — not just feeling — their pain . that ' s where kennedy should focus his attention , because that ' s why this interview touched a nerve . it ' s the time — meaning the timing of this particular interview , and what it seems to be , about kennedy ' s approach to und ' s fiscal problems . und philosophy professor john russell weinstein was blunt about that fact . " they ' re cutting the law school , they ' re cutting the radio station and they ' re cutting television , and the university is cutting the dining hall , " weinstein told the tribune ##er ##ry hazzard . a few years ago , altru health had faced its first cutbacks . in' tis how the headline in the next day ' s herald read : " altru under your roof ; senior leadership taking # ##back until fall of 2013 . " altru ' s story generated comments , too ; but those comments were a lot less forgiving of altru ' s leaders . that ' s because the stakeholders and the leaders were sharing in the sacrifice , not just doing it out . there ' s a hole in that perception for kennedy at und . - - - dennis for the herald