or a full play , play , or play ? what are the big takeaways : htc has announced its flagship vr headset , the vive pro , and has also opened up preorders for the $ 799 model . the htc vive pro offers 50 % improvements in functionality over the previous vive model and is also capable of wireless charging using wigig technology . htc ' s current flagship vr model , the vive pro , is also available for preorder for $ 799 . included with the new vr model is a two - month subscription to viveport , a vr movie rental service where users can choose five titles from the company ' s inventory to watch at any given time . after the trial , a viveport subscription will cost $ 8 . 99 per month , and purchasing a subscription prior to march 22nd will result in the current rate of $ 6 . 99 per month , which will increase to $ 9 . 99 at that time . along with the launch of the vive pro , htc is reducing the cost of the currently available vive pro to $ 499 , a reduction of $ 100 . purchasing the currently available vive includes a two - month subscription to viveport and a free copyof fallout 4 vr . the vive pro ' s successor the vive vr will begin shipping on april 1 , 2018 , and is a complete upgrade to the previous vive model , all without needing much in the way of upgrades to the pc that powered the headset ( vive units aren ' t standalone ) . the vive pro has dual oled screens with a resolution of 2880x1600 , a 78 % increase in resolution over the current generation vive . it has a 90 % refresh rate and a 360 degree field of view and can be used with the latest generation of computers and base stations . see : new pc budget list ( pc budget list ) the vive pro vr model is also wigig compatible , meaning that users don ' t need to connect it to a computer or base station , provided they ' re willing to pay for a compatible vr device , which hasn ' t been priced or given a release date yet . htc vive product general manager brian o ' brien stated that the vive pro is designed to deliver " the highest quality display and user experience to the most discerning vr users , " as well as offering a low price to drive development of vr technology and applications . those interested in becoming a part of h##tc ' s vision for the future of vr . learn more about developing applications for the htc vive pro at the vive developer ' s conference . like other vr development tools , vive makes use of unity and the unity engine and its proprietary sdk for developing apps . learn more about the latest vr trends by connecting to our next big thing website . connect to the