whether it ' s the group " veterans for standing rock " with their missing $ 1 . 1 million , or another organization in the litany of standing rock - based pages on the website , the estimates for the amount raised on these donations have been reported to be over $ 1 million . " as a point of reference , the state of north dakota alone has spent more than $ 1 million managing the crisis these donations were meant to fund . all of this raises the question of whether gofundme shoulders all of the blame for providing a means to fundraise for the illegal activities — . that includes outright physical violence against our north dakota law enforcement officers , and everything from spiked bottles and other improvised explosive devices to machine guns . do the website ' s owners care that they are actively encouraging professional protesters to march into our state and disrupt the lives and livelihoods of all the residents of morton county and members of the standing rock community alike ? when you take a closer look at gofundme , it becomes clear that the answer is no . gofundme is a business . and their business is working for " causes " like these protests . in 2015 , forbes magazine published an article outlining how gofundme earns " profits off of controversy . "as the company outlines in its " common cause " website , gofundme takes a 5 percent commission from each donation made over the site , along with an additional 3 percent monthly fee . meaning the company has made roughly $ 880 , 000 off of these dapl protests without having to do a thing beyond running the website . pretty good , for just shy of six months . while the website has no specific ideological affiliation , all you have to do is look at members of the company ' s senior staff to get an idea of where they fall on the political spectrum . the company ' s president and ceo , david hahn , made the maximum amount in contributions allowed by law to hillary clinton ' s presidential campaign . president and chief product officer david hahn is a former aide for ultra - conservative us senator diane feinstein . and gofundme ' s vice president for communications and marketing is none other than dan pfeiffer , former senior advisor , white house communications director and long - time confidant of barack obama . unfortunately , there are no barack obama campaign staff ##ers serving as executives for gofundme . but the truth is , despite the corrupt and illegal behavior these gofundme employees are supporting , the company probably doesn ' t care . they are probablynot to the close to 600 people who have been arrested during these events , or the public exposure of threats against police officers , community members and their families . they ' re making a huge profit by supporting the liberal causes they truly believe in , while never having to leave southern california . it ' s all win - win for them , even if it ' s a win - lose for north dakota and its residents . hennen is the host of what ' s on your mind radio show , heard throughout north dakota on am 1100 theflag and am 550 kfyr .