rep . mike wanzek , d - jamestown , tried to attach an amendment to the north dakota department of transportation budget bill allowing the department to keep all of the department ' s shops in operation through mid - 2019 . the amendment would also allow for a legislative review of the shops ' proposed changes " and the impact of changes in the areas affected , " as well as the possibility of consultation with local government subdivisions . the amendment ultimately passed and the bill passed the senate budget committee that morning . wanzek said he intended to try to pass the bill on the senate floor . wanzek said he wasn ' t concerned about micromanaging the budget , but " the outcry that i ' ve received from residents of my district that have these shops in their district , it is overwhelming . " " i just feel that this is something , that is representing the interests of my district , that i want to move forward , " he said . the amended base budget includes a $ 295 . 4 million increase in operating expenses from the $ 295 . 8 million increase in the base budget , a 10 percent increase . it also increased the full - time equivalent jobs in the department by 31 . 5 , from 1 , 080 . 5 to 1 , 049 . jamie olson , a dot member##swoman , said the proposed consolidation of eight county " sections " into single counties would save about $ 1 . 5 billion in the coming two - year budget year . she said the roads are aging and today ' s snowplows will damage more roads . " they ' re able to do more than they were before , " olson said . " those rural roads that some of these sections lie on , there ' s still going to be service . they ' re still going to be coming out of the next county over . " the shops slated for closure were in starkweather , finley , fessenden , gackle , litchville , new london , courtenay and mayville , olson said . there are county section shops across the state , olson said , along with with the shops at the eight main county locations . sen . mike lee , d - casselton , said the department was asked to " look at their needs critically , like everyone else does . " olson said the department saw a 13 percent decrease in 2015 in property tax revenue revenues , a major source of funding for counties , because of a slowing economy and lower property tax rates . " we ask them to point out problems , and then we tell them we don ' t want them , " leesaid in opposition against wanzek ' s bill . under rep . tom grabinger , d - pa , there has been a " grassroots effort " with activists trying to reach farm and department officials . " they ' re going out to every farm and everything , collecting these signatures , " he said . " this is important to these people . "