she was overdosed . someone had brought her to the clinic in the middle of the night , authorities said , but when the clinic was closed , whoever brought her started the fire and left . they didn ' t call 911 . this morning , the grand forks police department sent out a reminder that those using and possessing drugs that are present at the time of an overdose will not be prosecuted if they stop and assist with first aid . in north dakota and minnesota , good health laws are on the books that give immunity to those who call for drug overdoses if the caller remains on scene until first to arrive and cooperate with emergency services and law enforcement . the person must be in need of emergency medical care . up to three people can be granted immunity . the law also applies to those overdosing from drug overdose . " we want people to be focused on saving a life , " said lt . jeremy moe with the special investigation bureau . in 2016 , grand forks police responded to three calls for assistance . two of them were fatal . state sen . mike anderson jr . , r - devils lake , was a sponsor of the good samaritan laws that passed in north dakota in 2015 . the executive director of the north dakota board of commissioners , anderson said he wanted tosponsor the law to give people a better chance to recover . drugs provided by people can be key to successful treatment . " it ' s hard to find out what they are or what the drug is , but by the time you have a chance to figure out what it is , it ' s too late , " anderson said . during the process of sponsoring the law , he heard stories from a man whose companions had abandoned him in a dumpster , where he ' d died , anderson said . but too few people know about the law , he said . anderson also said law enforcement has been overzealous in making charges against people , including the law . " they ' re using the good behavior act as an excuse to charge people because , obviously , if i give you drugs , then i ' m guilty of providing them for you . it ' s like a sale , if i gave them to you free , " anderson said . " so we need a much better relationship with police . if you ' re trying to ruin somebody ' s life for talking out loud , back off a little bit . catch the police the next time . " anderson said users speak to one another , and if law enforcement gets too aggressive , it might deter them from asking for help . "forks police said they were not aware of any specific incidents in town where bail had been granted based on the good faith law . forum news service contributed to this story .