kingbird was one of about 100 participants who gathered in the parking lot of the john glas fieldhouse on campus for minnesota ' s first - ever missing and murdered indigenous women ' s march . participants , including women and children , as well as native american women , united in solidarity with similar events taking place nationwide , and to call attention to the high levels of violence against indigenous women . " we felt that it was very important for us to organize an event for solidarity with the other actions that are happening all over campus and all over the rest of the united states , " said president audrianna goodwin . " this is a very touching event for the all of us in the room . . . and we really want to do our part in raising awareness to this issue . " participants held signs and some wore red shirts during the march from the field house to bsu ' s hobson field stadium ; the group was followed by honking horns as it traveled along bemidji avenue north . native women and those who had lost family members during the march and allies brought up the issue . the event was organized by the indigenous action network ' s women ' s leadership group ogimaakwewiwin . group leader simone king##ogles said that when ogimaakwewiwin ##i became aware of the marches that week , they decided to do their best to pull off the tuesday march . " even though the time was really , really short we knew that it was something we wanted to do , we wanted to at least try , " senogles told reporters . " we ' re really , really honored and honored by all of you coming out on this special day and joining us . " after the march , activists gathered in the fine arts ballroom in hobson . a planned round ##table included speakers and workshops on hiv / aids prevention , while northwoods battered women ' s shelter and red lake shelter equay wiigamig also offered workshops about violence . the organizers spoke about violence against native women both nationwide and locally before jingle dress dancers performed . " we want to acknowledge that this is a real issue to people , " said activist anna goldtooth . " it affects us everywhere , and in our country we ' ve experienced a lot of violence here in the past few years against indigenous women . " another activist said that much of the violence against indigenous women stems from racism , and discrimination in native communities . " this violence that ' s happening against our women isn ' t who we are . itnever " thinking of our ways to defeat our enemies , " goodwin said . " i just can ' t prove enough that this isn ' t who we are . "