there ' s an unplanned phenomenon going on in the northern rocky mountains . what ' s happening is that snow is falling earlier , and it ' s generally darker and cooler than usual . and that ' s happening with some of the fish that live there . the first is the iconic cutthroat trout . it ' s a native north american fish that thrives in cold , small streams . captain meriwether lewis of lewis and clark expedition , was among the first european - americans to catch this rare , small fish . he used its spleen as bait . it ' s this rarity now makes it a favorite for catch - and - release anglers . but biologists have now realized that it ' s in danger . the much more common rainbow trout is entering the streams and mating with the native fish . ecologist clint muhlfeld says that creates hybrids . " it jumbles up the traits that are linked to the locally adapted genes that these fish have evolved with , " says muhlfeld , who ' s with the u . s . geological survey and the university of montana ' s devils lake biological station . those traits have allowed them to survive through centuries of cold mountain streams . and cold streams werethought to protect them from predators , which prefer warmer water . but climate change is warming many high - altitude areas , and they frequently prefer warmer water , another change that favors them . so they ' re moving on . muhlfeld says that when rainbows and cutthroats breed , the resulting hybrids are feeble — " less fit , " in biological terms . " they don ' t survive as long as the native species , " he says . and hybrids that do survive tend to produce better hybrids ; there ' s no going back to making cutthroats again . " in the journal climate change biology , muhlfeld and a team of scientists from several research institutions tested fish in dozens of locations in the northern hemisphere . hybridization was widespread . it was especially common in areas where fish and game departments had introduced rainbow trout , a practice that dates back to the 19th century . some states are trying to solve the problem by getting rid of rainbow trout . that may not please most people , but muhlfeld says the cutthroat species could disappear altogether . " there are so many places in the world where you can go catch the rainbow trout , " he says ; it ' s been introduced all over the world . " there ' s very littleplaces where you can actually hunt and catch the same wildlife that ' s been around for thousands and thousands of years . " extinction is inevitable . once the native genes and adaptive traits are altered , they are lost forever . "