here ' s what we ' ve been taught about passwords : keep them simple . use numbers , question marks and hash marks . change them regularly . use different passwords for each app and website . of course , these guidelines often leave users frustrated and unable to remember them correctly . however , the national institute of standards and technology is about the make all of our problems much easier . the institute recently revised its guidelines for creating passwords , and the new advice sharply differs from previous rules . " the new guidance is about creating passwords that are easy for bad guys and hard for legitimate ones , " says david grassi , senior science and technology adviser at nist , who wrote the recent revision of guidelines . the organization is keeping them simple , long and accurate . capitals , capital letters and typical code words work perfectly , grassi tells npr ' s audie murphy . they no longer use capital letters and a mixture of capital and uppercase letters . and passwords never need to change . " we focus on the technical side of this , which is what tools do users use to do these things ? " grassi says . " so if you can remember it in your head , and no one else could , that ' s a good password . " " these rulesmay seem too harsh , grassi says these guidelines help users create longer codes that are harder for hackers to break . and he says the computer security industry in both the public and private sectors has received these new guidelines positively . " it works because we are creating longer passwords that really are harder to break than the shorter ones , especially with all those special character codes , " grassi says . " we are really looking at random ##izing , so the longer the better . " recently , security experts recommended the use of password management apps to ensure users ' accounts are secure . grassi says these apps are important because they completely randomize the password , but he says they aren ' t necessary to improve security . grassi stands by these new guidelines because he says the guidelines for apps impacted security negatively and did not do enough to boost security . when users change their passwords every few days , they still aren ' t actually changing the password , grassi says . " i ' m pretty sure you ' re not changing your own password ; you ' re changing one more , " he says . " everyone knows that , and the bad guys know that . "