2018 : hpe hewlett packard enterprise ( hpe ) and nasa will collaborate to bring a computer to space , the companies announced in a blog post on monday . the " spaceborne computer " will be brought up to the international space station ( iss ) , launched after being launched on the spacex crs - 1 rocket , and then sent via the spacex dragon spacecraft . it will be a year - long mission , with plans to eventually land on a mission to mars — a trip of the same length . why ? advanced research , if done on land , could help astronauts survive in gruelling conditions by allowing for exchange of information in real - time in space . the spaceborne computer is equipped with the hpe - 40 operating system , the blog post stated , which includes a high - speed hpc interconnect running the open - source linux operating system . importantly , this technology could eliminate communication latencies , which can last up to 40 minutes , and would " make the on - the - ground process difficult and potentially dangerous if astronauts are faced with some potentially critical problems that they ' re not able to handle themselves , " alain andreoli , svp and gm of hpe ' s data center infrastructure group , said in the blog .. a computer this advanced has never been in space before , since most computer systems are not designed to withstand the brutal conditions that include hazards such as radiation , solar radiation , dust , unstable electrical circuits and poor cooling . however , the software for this computer was developed to withstand these types of conditions , and a water - cooled environment for the computer was developed to help keep the computer cool . the project , andreoli wrote , has gone beyond what it can do for a voyage to mars . " the spaceborne computer project will not only show us what needs to be done to advance computing in space , it will also spark ideas for how to improve high performance computing ( hpc ) on earth and potentially have a positive effect in other areas of technological development , " andreoli wrote . introduction : how mark shuttleworth became the first man in space and launched a software experiment ( pdf . ) the 3 big takeaways for techrepublic readers : on friday , a blog post from hpe announced a partnership with nasa that will send the " spaceborne computer " — a supercomputer — on a year - long experiment to the iss . the computer is expected to eventually end up on a mission to mars — which also takes a long — with thecapable of helping astronauts perform high - speed computation in space , which could reduce the long lag - time of communication between space and earth . the project is intended to have broader implications for the kind of scientific computing that can be done in space . find : the next big thing from techrepublic . subscribe : see