and at 8 : 10 p . m . et the judge declined to set bond for an unidentified man during his first court appearance for allegedly driving his vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally saturday in charlottesville , va . charlottesville resident john heyer was killed , and at least four other people were in attendance at the attack . the charlottesville police department said today that officer alex fields jr . , 26 , of maumee , ohio , was charged with one count of first - degree murder , two counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit - and run . during fields ' s charlottesville court appearance , as npr ' s debbie elliott reports , fields " appeared by video from jail , dressed in a black and white - striped prison uniform . " he answered the judge ' s questions with a simple " yes , sir " and " no , sir , " according to the associated press . he told governor david downer that he could not afford a lawyer . " downer appointed a court - appointed lawyer to represent fields , and set another hearing for aug . 25 , " debbie adds . " until then , the judge said , fields would remain in jail with no bond in virginia because he had no ties to the area . "the ap reported that the judge told the court that the " public defender ' office told him they could not arrest fields because a relative of his in the family was present during saturday ' s rally . " fields was taken into custody on monday after the hearing . sources are unclear about fields ' background and his time in nazi germany . one of the boy ' s high school teachers in ohio told radio station wvxu that fields " was nice and didn ' t cause trouble , " but was " very much into adolf hitler and white supremacy . " derek weimer , who saw fields take history classes at randall k . brown high school in louisville , ky . , told wvxu , " he went to a good school . lived in a good neighborhood . there were plenty of people around to try to point him in the right direction . my first thought was we failed . we failed . " fields ' mother , samantha bloom , told the toledo blade that she was aware her son was going to what he called an " alt - right " rally . " i want him to be careful , " bloom said , responding to the article . " [ and ] if they ' re going to try to make sure he ' s doing it right . "