it is known to remain dormant for an unknown amount of time . but antarctic scientists believe they recently stumbled upon a specimen that tests the limits of the concept : a 106 - year - old cake , found in one of antarctica ' s first buildings . this particular cake is believed to have been turned over in 1910 during the terra nova expedition of robert falcon scott . according to the antarctic heritage trust , " it has been suggested that scott brought this particular brand of cake with him at that time . " the huntley & company cake was wrapped in plastic and housed in a tin - plated iron alloy tin , which is showing signs of age . however , the cake itself was " well - preserved , " the trust said . " there is a very , very strong peanut butter smell to it , but other than that , the cake looked and smelled good ! " the trust ' s programme manager - artefacts lizzie meek said in a statement . " there is no doubt that the extreme cold of antarctica has assisted its preservation . " the century - old cake was found with nearly 1 , 000 other artifacts from the huts at cape adare . according to the trust , the first buildings on the island " were built by hans carsten bo##rchgrevink ' s expedition in 1899 and later followed by captain scott ' s party in 1911 . " maria says the team members were finishing up their work on objects when they were surprised to find the perfect fruit . she says that many present day explorers love a good fruitcake : " it ' s an extremely high - quality food for antarctic expeditions , and is still a favorite item on modern day expeditions to the ice . " the fruit ' s sheer size probably helped . as npr ' s maria godoy has said , explorers on current expeditions in the antarctic need about 5 , 000 bites a day — and more than 6 , 500 if you ' re involved in manhauling , which means " pulling sleds across the ice and fighting with their bodies . " maria says that there ' s one important lesson that antarctic explorers have learned over the years : " when life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal environment , eat plenty of snacks . " this is something scott ' s team knew — in fact , maria says that " his team did a study that suggested a high - carb , high - protein diet to be optimal for the harsh climes . " " unfortunately , explorers on antarctic expeditions were often killed . scott himself froze to death inon the return trip from the south pole . the objects recovered from camp adare — including a watercolor painting of a tree trunk , by george edmund wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there , because the huts are deemed an antarctic specially protected area . that will happen after conservation work is completed on the buildings themselves .