other animals , such as humans , don ' t have as much love as honeybees , but they should . they play just as important a role in so many fruits , vegetables , and flowers , and compared to other colonies of honeybees , they ' re in even greater jeopardy . a group of scientists in the united kingdom decided to look at how bee ##s are affected by some widely used and very controversial chemicals known as neonicotinoids . what they find isn ' t clear . neonics , as they ' re often called , are applied as a coating on the leaves of some of the most widely grown crops in the country , including corn , wheat , and rice . these chemicals are " systemic " — they move through the crop plants . traces of them show up in pollen , which bees consume . neonicotinoid compounds also have been found in the bodies of fish , in ponds and in nearby streams . the scientists , based at royal holloway university of london , set up a laboratory filled with bee queens . they fed those queens a syrup containing traces of a neonicotinoid chemical called thiamethoxam , and the effect of the syrup , they say , issimilar to what bees living in fields of neonic - treated honey would be exposed to . bumblebee queens exposed to the pesticide were 26 percent less likely to lay eggs , compared to queens that weren ' t exposed to the pesticide . the team published their results in the journal of ecology and evolution . " without the queen laying eggs , there is no colony , " says nigel raine , one of the scientists who started the experiment . raine helped start the experiment , but has since moved to the university of guelph in canada . according to raine and his team , the risk in reproduction is so large that wild bumblebee ##s exposed to these chemicals could enter a spiral of disease and eventually die out . " to me , based on the data we have , it seems like quite a big risk , " raine says . but he says scientists don ' t know how harmful the chemical exposure is in the bees , due to the threats the bees face , such as the wildflowers that bees depend on for food . " i don ' t think we have a really good understanding of how important , like , nutrition it is — if they can ' t find the right flowers . or parasite loads . i ' d say [ neonic exposure] is important and significant , but other factors will be important and significant , too , " he says . the results are expected to strengthen support for further restrictions on use of the chemicals . the european union declared a temporary moratorium on use of neonicotinoid chemicals on many crops in 2013 , and is now considering proposals to make that moratorium permanent . pesticide manufacturers and some farmers are opposing those proposals . they say that the moratorium has led to decreased yields of crops and an increase in spraying of other chemicals to control insects that previously were controlled by neonicotinoid coatings on crops .