on monday , google announced several updates to its cloud speech api that could help make it a more effective tool for business applications . according to a google blog post , the api is adding a new feature called word - level timestamps , along with support for 30 minute songs and three hour songs . for those songs , the google cloud speech api uses neural network technology to allow it to convert audio to speech . it ' s powered by machine learning , and can display its results in real - time . word - level timestamps , the post said , was the most requested feature for the api from users . essentially , this feature adds a timestamp for each word one reads in a given text . " word - level timestamps let users listen to the moment in the audio where the text is spoken , or remember the relevant words while the music is playing , " the post said . see : how we learned to talk to people , and how they learned to answer back ( pdf . ) one of the customers cited in the post , happy phone , uses the word - level timestamps to measure the time it takes for them to understand the messages they give their customers . another firm , voximplant , uses it to better understand cell phone conversations .two hours . as part of a broader announcement around google ' s voice input capabilities , the cloud speech api will now offer support for three additional languages , bringing the total number supported languages to 119 . the languages will only be available to cloud speech api users , but will soon be supported by other google products , like gboard , as well . as noted by zdnet ' s stephanie condon , the additional language support could help google win over some customers in some markets . the full list of applications that work with the cloud speech api can be found here . also , the announcement said , the cloud speech api will now support files that are longer than three hours in duration , an increase from the previous limit of 80 minutes . files that are longer than three hours can be supported on a " case - by - case basis without waiting for a quota extension through google speech . " the new big books for techrepublic readers ' cloud speech api now supports 119 minutes and three hour duration files , and includes a new word - level timestamp feature . word - level timestamps are the no . 1 most - used feature , allowing users to jump to the moment where a certain word was said in an audio file . the feature could potentially make the apimore business - driven , and the financial support could win google new business in emerging markets . stay tuned , click here to listen to the techrepublic business weekly blog . subscribe here .