photo credit : getty images you ’ ve probably heard that orlando bloom and katy perry recently ended their year - long romance . now bloom — the man i usually associate with elves who state the truth — is eating his wild oats . he ’ he “ ' ” dating nina dobrev and putting moves on with ashley haas . in fact , dobrev was actually drunk during the shenanigans with haas . maybe it ’ was the anti - hollywood comeback moment : he ’ so keen for everyone to know that he ’ s a bad guy . but this behavior , all on its own , is not unusual . celebrities often lose their ids by ending a longterm relationship , but in this case there may be an additional factor : leonardo dicaprio . hollywood gossip virtuoso lainey smith says that leo has instructed his agent to keep him informed . “ going ‘ to ’ with nina and dry wit a mere five minutes later at coachella is exactly what ’ has been prescribed to him . by whom ? i ’ ll say leonardo dicaprio , ” lg ceo . advertisement by advertisement , and ’ his own dating habits are infamous . he almost exclusively dates models who are in their twenties , and heand happily situated as a bachelor . he also regularly attends coachella . if orlando and leo are on the town together , it ’ s pretty far - reaching to think that the latter is influencing the former . and as lg points out , orlando , who is over thirty and currently single , would never catch leo ’ s attention . she may have been a worthwhile pursuit when leo ’ his own career needed a boost , but that now has more or less been accomplished . here ’ goes lg again : “ . . . you hold out as long as you get what you came for . which , i ’ am sure , leo could have . what he might well have a hard time with is being with a woman who ’ s not only no longer playing her role , but who has opinions . who is getting more and more powerful . who is becoming more and more interested in advocating for women ’ equal rights . who is more and more interested in expanding her power . it ’ s not like there are talking points for women in leo ’ s world . ” yikes . that ’ sounds harsh — but it sounds on the mark . [ lainey ! ] judy collins sent a copy of her book , unfiltered : no shame , no guilt , trust me , tomichelle obama and , as they say , you ’ ll never guess what happened next ! i sponsored our little flotus daughter with a thoughtful letter , because she is all very delightful and funny . then , collins went and wrote about said letter on an instagram , because duh . i wrote back : i ’ am jealous . [ us weekly ] i ’ am very jealous of melissa etheridge ’ her adult children because she smokes pot with them , and i would like to do that too . " “ it bring you much closer , ” she said . “ i ’ d much rather have a smoke with my grown children than a drink . ” aww . [ us weekly ]