image of bobby fischer . in september , when donald trump admitted , at length , that barack obama is in fact a born president , twitter imploded . at times , twitter has literally exploded . twitter has gone both crazy , thanks to al roker , and crazy , thanks to trump ’ s mom . it had a hit when the yankees won the world series in november . and when trump was elected president , twitter freaked out , as it seems to do quite often . twitter appeared frozen in shock . trump lost it over a home - wrecking penguin , which seemed like an insignificant thing to “ lose it ” over . at one point , twitter was snarked . advertisement twitter , a social media platform deeply imbued with human feelings that appears to only exhibit one human emotion at a time , has a tendency to go crazy , has a violent side and loves to attack , or perhaps that it has the power to build and destroy . twitter often uses shade and even attacked bernie sanders when his dnc campaign brought down the president . all of twitter at one point was ryan the ’ face . from one day to the next , twitter has proven to be all over the place , can ’ t decide what it wants to be , who it wants to be , howit wants to feel , up or down , about how it should move in the world . it struggles to maintain a steady mental state and to be okay with who it is . at the risk of sounding too dank , twitter had parties this year , too . it threw parties ! hosted by — someone else — ? . a party ? where ? . . parties where taylor swift , kim kardashian and kanye west appeared as figments of twitter ’ ##s ! . it ’ is almost as if twitter is living in a fantasy world , barricaded by its own despair and sense of entitlement . or could it be that the problem is us , projecting our fears , worries and unnecessary thoughts onto it . . . and there are times i feel like grabbing twitter by its outstretched arms and pleading with it to hold it back . “ twitter , you need help ! ” i would scream . and twitter would scream back , “ no ! you do ! ” and then it would run away crying , arms flailing . i would stare at it from behind and wonder why it has to be this way . and i would say nothing in return because what twitter says is true . we all need help .