a 70 - year - old aristocrat is “ interviewing hard ” for young women willing to maintain his ancient homes and — presumably — give out an heir or two . like me , he ’ also a baronet , which is just the bottom line of the english aristocracy . so , no matter how romantic a 17th century manor house where someone sings one of the canterbury tales sounds , wouldn ’ t you like to hold out for a while at the least ? advertisement the daily mail reported that a mr slade — identified by his wikipedia entry as a “ right - wing journalist and self - styled ” — , on the hunt for a suitable young bride . he told the tab that he had split with his former paramour , who is “ married , so too old to have children . ” and yes , “ i am interviewing people . i have made a few offers , but sometimes the houses are past their sell - by date and have been under the guns a few times . ” “ they have to be fit — i have two castles , ” he added . “ i am like a royal prince when it comes to throwing parties . ” one at a high price will surely be hard to resist ! and your potential bridegroom has to be in the very best shape :‘ i ’ ve got a leather stretcher and hang upside down on it for five minutes every day . it does wonders for the chin and neck . i also have some “ leather boots ” with a hole in the top so i can hang upside down . ‘ i have some traynor pinhole glasses , which i wear for five minutes every day and they have really improved my vision . ‘ i am also on the genghis khan diet , which is designed for young lotharios and involves eating sweet potato , sunflower , and horny horse meat . ‘ it is made by my personal chef , who is white and hasn ’ t a single grey hair . and genghis has 2 , 000 followers . ’ slade has also appeared in the media for offering £1 , 000 to anyone willing to kill the beavers he said of tearing up the grounds of his somerset castle — “ you get people shouting about how they are wonderful , ” he told the daily mail , “ but they ’ re not , they are a nuisance . they eat the trees and strip them of their bark ” — and also for the fact that a former employee ran off with the beaver . he has made the news since 2013 looking for someone to bear his name . perhaps due tomarry someone “ a trade ” who can buy you your very own stately home when the owner ’ and finances go back up .