photo via getty images . here is a break with the british media ’ s stiff - upper - lip policy , in the name of destigmatizating his health issues : prince harry has given an interview about his long - running emotional problems in the wake of his mother ’ s tragic early death , resulting in him getting some help in his early twenties . advertisement he spoke to the telegraph , saying , “ i can honestly say that losing my mother at the age of 12 and then drowning out all of my emotions for the last few years has had quite a profound effect on not only my personal life but on my career as well . ” he explained : “ my way of dealing with it was sticking my head in the sand , refusing to ever think about my mum , because why would that help ? “ [ i knew ] it ’ s not going to make you sad , it ’ was just going to bring her back . “ coming from the emotional side , it was all ‘ right , don ’ ##t ever let your feelings be part of anything ’ . “ so i was a young 20 , 25 , 28 - year - old running around in ‘ life with great ’ , or ‘ life is great ’ and that was exactly that . “ and then [ i ] had tojust a few minutes and actually all of a sudden , all of this grief that i have never processed started to come to the surface and i was thinking , there is actually a lot of stuff here that i have to deal with . ” “ i have actually come very close to a nervous breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of things and sort of things and things and everything are coming to you from every angle , ” he said , explaining that his brother finally convinced him he needed to talk to a professional . advertisement the reason for this is that the generations of the royals have made mental health , especially for young people , a big part of their philanthropic activities . he said he wanted to make a difference because he and the rest of his generation of the royals are “ an interesting ” to the world , which frankly requires more self - awareness than one would expect from a young prince . good for him .