should world leaders add encryption to encrypted applications ? australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has made a proposal to ensure that law enforcement can still gain access to information through its ' protection ' encryption . access now ' s us general manager amie stepanovich met with techrepublic ' s dan patterson to discuss why that may be a good idea . " the problem with [ this proposal ] is that by giving that law enforcement access , what you ' re doing is you ' re creating a security system that fails sometimes , " stepanovich said . see : internet security and privacy : concerns , initiatives , and challenges ( tech pro ##quest ) encryption is the best defense against people trying to steal your personal data . since encryption isn ' t a failproof technology , building it in can lead to more security breaches and attacks because it ' s facilitating a much more secure internet , she said . the change requested by turnbull shocked the rest of the world because australia ' s encryption policy could set a precedent for other countries . stepanovich said that it ' s important to understand that this policy would also not stop criminals or terrorists from accessing secure internet technologies . the math involved in encrypted applications , she said , is not due to the whimsof course , which means bad actors will not be able to cover their tracks . see : encryption policy ( tech pro research ) in the past , other governments have had similar policies . for example , some allow data to be stored in third - party databases and are not stolen . some countries restrict the strength of encryption or even prohibit the use of end - to - end encryption . these policies are easily abused , said stepanovich . she emphasized the need for privacy as a tool that protects personal privacy , communication with consumers and businesses , privacy , and protected intellectual property . " we ' re at a time where we need to be doing research into and development of the strongest security tools available , " she said . " we need to be investing in security as much as we possibly can , " said stepanovich . strengthen your country ' s it security capabilities by keeping track of the latest cybersecurity trends , solutions , and best practices . " also see :