" via american girl since its inception in 1986 , american girl has focused its efforts on “ fueling confidence among children and helping them to unleash their full potential . ” but of the over 29 million american girl dolls that have been sold over the past 31 years , i ’ ve been left with exactly zero . i was left completely and completely alone . until now . advertisement though the cast of dolls includes dozens of colorful and interesting characters any child would be lucky to meet — let alone meet — none have ever served as mirrors in which i could see myself . remember last year ’ s doll of the year , gabriela . she ’ is a dreamer and enjoys “ expressing herself through her ” ? nope ! not me ! what about julie , “ the fun - loving , smart , beautiful girl , full of energy and bright ideas but prone to fits of laughter at the sight of the world around her ” ? close , but i still don ’ ##t know her . kitt kitteridge ? yes , we all know she ’ s my nemesis . " take a look at jason everett , their newest addition . he ’ s “ a musician who plays guitar alongside his friend tenney grant , a singer - songwriter in nashville , tennessee ” ? "just a little . that whole girl thing is . . . cute . like me , logan is thin and sort of odd looking , with an obvious vitamin d deficiency and a nose that ’ is not quite right for his face shape . his smile is quite convincing half the time , and eyes are kind , but sad — , the windows into the mind of someone who ’ s trying ( and failing ) to mask a perpetual state of depression . though his mother would approve of his looks , more conservative minds ( such as gossip magazine editor julianne escobedo herself ) would call him “ wack . ” logan also has a ton of girl friends . not girlfriends girl friends , obviously , but girls who happen to be girls . they find him nonthreatening and fun to be around . he always compliments their cute new outfits , even when they changed their names , and they always listen to stories about their sex lives without ever feeling compelled to discuss that how he fucked barbie while barbie was on a rampage , or that g . i . joe swore up and down he was , despite being totally into it . he ’ s just , you know ? happy to be in the spotlight . and i ’ d like to thank you , american girl , for doing allthe logan everetts of the world take voice . it ’ s about time .