bogota , colombia ( ap ) — colombian president juan manuel santos on monday held peace talks with the country ' s last remaining rebel group . a series of bombings over the weekend killed seven police officers . the next phase of the year - old conflict between the government and national liberation front had been expected to occur in the coming days in quito , ecuador . " my patience and the patience of the colombian people have expired , " santos , winner of the 2016 nobel peace prize for his efforts to end colombia ' s half - century conflict , said at an event in bogota . five people were killed and more than 40 injured when a homemade bomb exploded at a police station in bogota during a shift in early saturday . a few hours later two people were killed and several injured by two separate terrorist attacks on different targets in the coastal city . an urban group linked to the ap , as the group is known in colombia , claimed responsibility for the first and second of the two attacks , which the government initially attributed to a criminal gang based in barranquilla . interior minister luis carlos villegas said a man suspected of planting the bomb and who had previously been arrested for having ties to the eln was released shortly after the first attack . in a later monday , the urban groupexpressed " continued support for peace talks . " it said the re - negotiation of a cease - fire that began earlier this month depends on the government halting hostilities in areas under its control . " until we reach another cease - fire , the same actions will continue taking place on each side , " the statement said . santos reached a peace agreement with what had been the country ' s largest rebel group , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , in late 2016 , ending south america ' s longest - running conflict . the end of that conflict has been hailed internationally , though it has also opened a new power vacuum in remote areas previously occupied by farc rebels and still occupied by eln combatants . the much - smaller eln , whose numbers don ' t surpass 2 , 000 fighters , was started in the 1960s by roman catholic missionaries inspired by fidel castro ' s regime in cuba . unlike the highly centralized military , the eln ' s command structure is not centralized , making it difficult for top commanders in colombia to control the majority of its fighters . the group is labeled a terrorist organization by the united states .