- - - ( by wire ) - - jul 4 , 2018 - - exclusive group , the value - added services and technologies ( top ) partner , has renewed its declaration of independence by completing a major strategic partnership with investors led by private equity firm , permira . rather than abandoning its distinctive , value - oriented approach by merging with other major vad players , this catalyst will enable exclusive group to extend its vision and create the world ’ - leading global specialist vad in cyber and cloud transformation , with a target to reach $ 10bn annual revenue in the years ahead . michael breittmayer , ceo at exclusive group , said : “ cybersecurity and cloud are the leading business priorities in this area of business transformation , initially as distinct disciplines but – even more when – brought together as a technology - dependent entity . these sectors are becoming increasingly complex , and we suffer from a huge lack of expertise & expertise . the industry needs a vad that can bridge this gap and we intend to deliver that . we believe we have the right and relevant focus ; vendors , services and skill sets to build a competitive environment for our partners and vendors to achieve significant profitable growth . ” by establishing a global leader in cyber and cloud , exclusive group is addressing the wideningglobal transfer of skills and knowledge among channel partners and end - user organisations to achieve the fastest pace and success of digital transformation . “ we have some of the best people in the world and by far the highest ratio of engineers of any company in our industry , ” by breittmayer . “ we also have the greatest track record of ensuring national , regional and global market success for disruptive technologies . our strategy will see us continue to roll out the strongest possible technology infrastructure in our ‘ cyber super centres ’ and ‘ cloud super centres ’ – across all relevant segments – and expand our service offerings and global footprint to meet the needs of the market . ” michail zekkos , partner in the strategy team at permira commented ; “ exclusive group ’ s unrivalled commitment and commitment to cyber and cloud is very exciting and we are delighted to work with the company . we believe that enterprise computing and cybersecurity will continue to successfully converge , creating a new market space for the company to enable that transition while positioning our channel partners at its core . preserving the entrepreneurial spirit and spirit of the company by continuing to grow with speed and without risk will be key to executing in the next phase of growth . ” quoted from : on businesswire .com : http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180704005006 / en / contact : cohesive for the group greg halse / ellie stansfield + 44 ( 4 ) 1291 626200 exclusivegroup @ wearecohesive . com keyword : in - group keyword : category : security systems and : information security systems / wireless contact : exclusive ##group @ exclusive ##wire 2018 . date : 07 / 04 / 2018 04 : 00 am / disc : 07 / 04 / 2018 04 : 01 pm http : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180704005006 / en