two things to know about mass shootings : how is ' mass shooting ' defined ? there is no concrete definition of " mass shooting . " most researchers who study mass killings define them as four or more killed ( by the police ) in a public place . they do not include domestic violence cases that take place on the street nor do they include gang - related cases . that is not the definition used by the congressional research service . however , tucked into a law enacted by congress in 2013 in the immediate aftermath of the sandy hook mass shooting in newtown , connecticut , to provide federal law enforcement assistance for multiple shooting ##s was a description of mass shooting as three or more killed . other legal definitions include cases in which three or more people are killed or injured . are mass shootings happening more often ? experts say the number of mass shootings has remained fairly steady over the past three decades with occasional fluctuations . " bad years are worse than others and bad years tend to be followed by not so bad years , " says professor alan smith , a professor at northeastern university in boston who has been studying mass shootings since the early 1990s . however , he and other researchers say it does appear that mass shootings have been deadlier in recent years . since sandy hook , we have experienced five of the10 deadliest mass shootings in modern u . s . history — two of those occurred this year alone . what type of guns are used in mass shootings ? researchers say the majority of mass shootings are carried out with handguns . however , of the 10 ##liest mass shooters in modern u . s . history , half of them had a cache of weapons that included ar - style " assault weapons , " one of them included an thompson submachine gun , and the rest used standard rifles and / or handguns . what weapon was used in the sandy hook massacre ? anthony lanza , the man who killed three children and six adults at the school in newtown , used a bushmaster xm15 . that firearm , made by remington arms , was an ar - style of rifle that was designed in a bid to increase competition among the firearms affected by the decade - long " assault weapons " ban . one of the sandy hook victims claimed in a lawsuit that the maker of the bushmaster was negligent by providing gun - style training to young people who may be unstable and intent on inflicting mass harm . the lawsuit against remington arms was dismissed because of the immunity granted to the firearms industry , and the connecticut supreme court is considering whether to reins##tate it .