montreal ( ap ) — u . s . house rep . john lighthizer said monday talks to amend the north american free trade agreement were proceeding very slowly . lighthizer said the u . s . views it as a " very important agreement " and said the sixth round of talks between canada , the united states and mexico , which concluded early , is a " step forward . " " no real headway is made here , " lighthizer said . " we ' re committed to moving forward . ' president donald trump called nafta a job - killing " disaster " on the campaign trail and has threatened to withdraw from the 50 - year - old pact if he doesn ' t get what he wants . lighthizer said there will be a meeting with mexico in late february and said some issues are still to be resolved . the negotiators had initially hoped to reach an agreement but mexico ' s july presidential election and u . s . midterms built up the political stakes . one of the main sticking points in the early rounds of talks has been the trump administration ' s position on rules of origin for auto parts . the administration is calling for the trade agreement to include a clause stipulating that north american - made auto parts mustimport 80 percent of new cars in order to avoid tariffs , with 15 percent originating in the united states . canada ' s proposal would take issues such as research and development and intellectual property into consideration in those areas . lighthizer , however , called the proposal " vague . " " we know that the vague ##ness of the idea that we presented , when analyzed , will lead to less canadian investment than we have anticipated , fewer jobs in the united states , canada and even mexico , " he said . " so this is the opposite of what we are trying to do . " still , lighthizer said the fact that canada is willing to discuss the issues of gun ownership was important . " now they ' re starting to realize that we have to try to change . and that ' s a reason for guarded optimism , " he said . lighthizer said the trump administration ' s goal coming out of the election was to boost the number of manufacturing jobs in the united states , either by encouraging new investment or by bringing back jobs that had moved to canada .