taipei ( taiwan city ) — a taiwanese vlogger posted a social experiment on youtube testing if travelers can communicate with the average people in taiwan in english . ya ting yu , 26 , known as iris virus on the internet , is a digital artist and entrepreneur who resides and works in taipei city . iris is constantly asked by her youtube viewers if the people speak much english . therefore , she decided to make a video to find out the language of her own . in the video , she posed as a tourist and asked people in taiwan for directions and food served in english . she then asked the call center in a metro station and the counter in the restaurant about directions . both service people answered her questions in english only . she then approached a taiwanese woman and a man on the road and asked them how to get to her destination again . the two people quickly understood what she said and pointed out the directions for her . after the first experiences of the directions , iris started to order drinks and food from the shops . a clerk from a coffee shop explained to her their most popular drink and explained the menu to her in english , while another clerk from another coffee shop explained all the products they offered to her . after the social experiment , iris was very impressed by the english language of the taiwanese. she successfully arrived at her destination , offering a delicious green cabbage bun and a cup of green tea without a word of mandarin . she invited all the video viewers to come to taiwan and visit the friendly country . the video has many mentioned below video . both angie yu and wh lin said they were really surprised by the english language of the video vendor . ms lin said the video is better than any other video from taiwan tourist bureau . henrik matzen said the video shows the very wonderful and friendly nature of the taiwanese people . it would be interesting to try a similar video in other cities in taiwan and other areas in the south , where far fewer people venture .