st . moritz , switzerland ( ap ) — stop worrying , young man . the 2018 olympic course will be faster than you think . the olympic course in south korea has been criticized — at a men ' s downhill event last year and at the world championships this week — as " too steep with too many twists and turns . not very fast , " the course designer bernhard russi told the associated press . " it was my idea to do it like this , " russi said of last year ' s world cup , where race winner kjetil jansrud of norway peaked at 113 . 5 kph ( 70 . 5 mph ) . if that is good , 2014 olympic champion matthias muller reached close to 135 kph ( 84 mph ) on russi ' s design in the mountains near sochi . a record speed of 161 km ( 100 mph ) in world cup downhills was set by johan clarey of france in wengen , switzerland , in 2013 . " when you go the wrong turn in a big downhill you start from the wrong direction . you don ' t want to catch the wind , " said russi , the 1972 olympic champion and silver medalist behind the austrian franz klammer four years later . the austrian veteran , skiing ' s greatest skier , andthey planned to learn from last year ' s debut race and the scheduled women ' s world championship race on the same wide course next month . " now we know how much farther we can go , and we will . and the jumps will be longer , " russi said of a men ' s run that made them fall several times . the same olympic critic a week later was christof innerhofer of germany , the 2014 silver medalist , who called the course at jeongseon " a downhill . " at st . moritz , it was world championship downhill gold medalist erik guay of canada who called for a new , harder course at the pyeongchang slope . guay said the test course had too many slowing ##s , and was similar to a super - g — a pointed comment from the 23 - year - old canadian who is the new world champion in that event . " i hope that they do it a little differently , " guay said of the olympic course . " i think that they should make it flow a little bit differently . but the slope itself is great . " the men and women have the olympic course , but not exactly the same one . russi said there was nothing to test both at the olympics . the women will compete in world cupdownhill and super - g races , grades 4 - 5 . " basically the character will be the same ( as the men ' s ) , " russi said of the women ' s downhill race . " maybe the turns will be a little bit tighter . maybe one , two , three , four more turns . maybe the jumps a little less steep , less long . better for speed . " other factors could also affect olympic race - day conditions , such as cloud cover and humidity on a mountain range about 40 kilometers ( 25 miles ) away . " if the weather is good i think ( the snow ) is going to be rather on the hard side , on the cold side , " russi said . " everything is on track . "