columbus , ohio ( ap ) — a man accused of planning an attack on a federal detention facility in texas asked a judge in texas to deport him instead of sending him to prison , saying he didn ' t deserve to spend time behind bars , records show . abdirahman mohamed mohamud told federal judge david watson that he didn ' t want to harm his family and called his proposal " not fair and just . " " i really don ' t think i deserve anything at all , " mohamud said in the jan . 9 statement , filed in the official court record on monday . he added : " even if the solution is risk assessment , it would put everyone ' s hearts at ease . " mohamud , who was born in somalia and came to the u . s . at 2 years old , will not get his wish . after mohamud was sentenced to 22 years in prison last week , the local homeland security field office said they would seek to strip him of his citizenship and return him to somalia . at sentencing on jan . 13 , mohamud told watson that he knew what he ' d done was wrong and that he ' d fallen into the trap of radicalization while imprisoned . mohamud , however , tried to fire his gunin a second letter dated jan . 8 , saying they weren ' t communicating well . a further statement on the letter said mohamud ' s request was withdrawn jan . 9 in court . his lawyer , former columbus defense lawyer mark shamansky , declined to comment . mohamud planned to fly to texas and visit the texas medical center carswell in fort worth in an attempt to free aafia siddiqui , a pakistani scientist convicted of shooting dead two u . s . soldiers in 2013 , prosecutors said . he outlined the charges against mohamud . according to the government , mohamud applied for a passport to travel abroad about a week after he became a u . s . citizen in 2014 . he bought a ticket to greece with a stop in athens , where he disembarked before going to syria , prosecutors said in court documents . they said he never intended to go to greece . mohamud affiliated with al - nusra front , an islamist group affiliated with al - qaeda , prosecutors said . mohamud was arrested in 2015 and pleaded guilty a few months later . the charges were never carried out . shamansky asked for leniency , saying mohamud didn ' t have his father around when he was growing up , his mother##washed up killed " by the " twisters " but later realized his error and continued his plot . he and mohamud contacted others from egypt after his arrest and told them not to say anything . _ _ _ andrew lloyd - welsh can be reached on twitter at https : / / twitter . com / awhcolumbus .