seoul , south korea ( ap ) — north korea has cancelled one of the major joint cooperation projects with south korea scheduled for that month ' s winter olympics , it said , further proving the strained nature of relations since the rivals split for seven years . north korea on that day issued a statement saying it won ' t hold a major cultural event at the city ' s diamond mountain on feb . 8 to mark the winter olympics in pyeongchang , south korea , according to seoul ' s foreign ministry . the ministry cited north korea as saying it has no other choice but to cancel the project because of south korean media reports that it says defamed its " sincere " measures for the olympics . the ministry also accused south korean media of starting a fight over an important domestic issue with north korea , according to the ministry spokesman . the statement said north korea considers the north ' s decision " very regrettable . " the ministry didn ' t say which media reports were at issue . but media reports have mentioned the north ' s plans to hold a major event to mark the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the military on feb . 8 , just one day before the olympics ' opening ceremony . south korean officials have said the north plans a massive military parade on the anniversary . it ' s also saidhow the latest developments would benefit the various energy - related cooperation projects between the koreas . they agreed to form a joint women ' s hockey team and have their teams parade together under a single banner during the feb . 15 opening ceremony . a few north korean hockey players were in south korea last week to practice with their south korean counterparts . north korea has a history of last - minute visits and unexplained delays , and some experts say it may have sought to gain support from the south . the visit earlier this month of a prominent world leader to inspect artistic performances in the south was blocked by north korea but eventually took place . the koreas ' current reconciliation process follows a period of heightened animosities over north korea ' s nuclear program . some analysts believe the north koreans want to establish improved relations with south korea to weaken u . s . - led international pressure and sanctions on the country .