london ( ap ) — british package tour operators accustomed to having to rush to secure poolside lounge ##s first thing in the morning can now sleep in . travel company thomas cook is able to reserve poolside chairs for a fee of 25 shillings ( $ 31 ) per person per day , sparing its guests the morning dash to put a towel on their head to secure it for the night . british travelers to southern europe have often complained that the sun ##men — like the german ones — get up early and claim loungers as soon as hotel rooms open and use the spaces all day , even when they aren ' t beside the water . videos on social media have captured scenes that resemble this as doors open and people rush out , grabbing drinks from choice tables . the times newspaper ran the story on its front page monday , featuring a poolside lounge chair draped in a german flag with the headline " british beat germans in german sunbeds . wish you were british ? " . to show the feeling is mutual , the newspapers counter that the brits are the real german lounge ##rs . the popular newspaper bild , for example , noted " wait a minute : the brits are better than the germans , aren ' t they ? " thomas cook , the package travel company creditedwith inventing the package itself , pointing no fingers , sticking with careful planning . however , the company says its holiday is about choice . anyone can vote for a little symbol on the poolside chair that indicates a reserved seat . the package should reach 30 hotels in the summer . thomas cook says the loungers will be displayed on a map featuring a compass to help travelers determine whether certain areas will be in the sun or shade at certain times of year . only a portion of them will be bookable , so travelers who don ' t want to pay extra will vie for reserved seats in the poolside chair of an air — just like before . " traditional package holidays are a thing of the past , " said thomas cook ' s u . k . marketing director chris mottershead . " holidaymakers today want to personalize their package , choosing and matching the elements that best fit their needs and lifestyle . "