medium and large enterprises are expected to double their usage of machine learning by the end of 2018 , according to a 2017 report from professional analytics firm deloitte . the number of machine learning pilots and prototypes will double by the end of 2018 , and it will double from that number by the end of 2020 , deloitte ' s report predicts . businesses spent $ 12 billion on the technology in 2017 , and that is expected to increase to $ 15 . 5 billion by 2021 . deloitte identified five factors that have held back machine learning adoption : too few practitioners , high costs , people being too busy , confusing models , and government regulations . see : critical thinking : artificial intelligence ( tech and research ) the current trend is how as the technology advances , buy - in from customers will increase , whether they ' re using it to improve workflows or create new products . if businesses opt to fully adopt the technology , they will be falling behind others . the report looked at several emerging technologies , including augmented reality ( ar ) . one billion smartphones will create ar content at least once in 2018 , the report predicted , with 300 million using ar at least once . in what used to simply mean an animated face displayed on snapchat and instagram , there will beto find apps for mobile devices . that week , apple named ar as one of the breakout app trends of 2017 . deloitte predicts direct revenue from ar on smartphones will reach $ 1 billion by 2020 , growing significantly from 2018 . with the market continuing to grow , apps and brands may need to find ways to integrate ar into their app to stay up - to - date and entertain users . while deloitte expects more than $ 100 million in total app revenue for ar content delivered in 2018 , it could drive growth in other ways . the ability to directly access ar content may be a key difference to consumers looking to switch or upgrade apps . in the news for business travelers , the deloitte report also found in - flight connectivity ( ifc ) will be up 20 % in 2018 . one - quarter of all airline passengers will be on a plane with access to the internet . business travelers will have a higher chance they will be able to communicate over the air , enabling them to get more work done in flight . the 3 million search for techrepublic enabled apps will double their usage of machine learning by the end of 2018 , the new deloitte report found . so far , the trend has been pushed back by new , evolving technologies ,high costs , and few benefits . the projected growth , expected to hit $ 1 . 5 billion in revenue by 2021 , shows how ai is being increasingly used as a business tool . those not currently keen on using machine learning in their business will need to reconsider , or risk being left behind . keep reading , click here to connect to the techrepublic . news you can use newsletter . subscribe also .