san francisco ( ap ) — : children are not entitled to attorneys paid for by the government when seeking deportation , a federal appeals court ruled monday . the judges rejected a claim by the american civil liberties union and other groups that children have a constitutional due process right to a free attorney . the system already failed to give the children a fair hearing , and requiring the government to provide free counsel would be an act that would " undermine an already weak legal system , " a three - judge panel of the 9th u . s . circuit court of appeals said . the plaintiffs say many of the thousands of children the government seeks to protect each year appear before judges without a lawyer because they can ' t afford one or find ways to take their cases for free . the result is an unfair competition that pits children with no ability to navigate complex legal issues against qualified government attorneys , the groups say . ahilan arulanantham , general counsel at the aclu of southern california , said the group had already decided its next step . " the statistical fact , which the court acknowledged , is that children are many , many times more likely to win their cases if they have legal representation , " she said . the 9th circuit heard a case filed by a 14 - year - old boy identifiedonly named " c . j . " he fled india with his mother after facing death threats , including a gun to his head , when he tried to join a gang . they arrived in the u . s . in 2014 , and the boy was placed in deportation proceedings two years later . an immigration judge told the boy ' s mother he had a right to an attorney , but she said she did not have money , according to the court order . the case went on without an attorney , and the judge rejected the boy ' s asylum application . the boy sought a federal court - appointed lawyer for himself and other immigrant children to face deportation proceedings . ninth circuit judge consuelo callahan said an effective system was put in place to safeguard the rights of immigrant children . an immigration judge is required to fully and fairly review and assess all the facts of the case , not just act as a legal guardian , according to callahan . an appeals court can refer cases back to immigration judges if they fail to perform that duty . arulanantham said the immigration judge was not an adequate substitute for a lawyer . in c . j . ' s case , the 9th circuit said the immigration judge made some mistakes , but none that would have changed the outcome . the court upheld the immigration judge' s decision to grant asylum . in a separate opinion , ninth circuit judge john owens said the court is not clear on whether immigrant children who come to the u . s . without their parents or guardians are entitled to free speech . he said that ' s a different case that " could lead to a different outcome . "