us secretary of state mike pompeo met wednesday with kim yong chol , a close aide to north korean leader kim jong un . the first senior north korean to visit the us in almost 20 years , kim began negotiations with pompeo to arrange and salvage what could be a historic meeting between us president donald trump and north korea ' s kim jong un . what we know about the meeting pompeo and kim yong chol had for about 30 minutes over dinner . the meeting took place in a us diplomat ' s apartment on new york ' s east side , just north of the united nations headquarters . the us secretary of state said the dinner " was delicious " and that the two men dined on " good beef . " further details of the meeting were not immediately made public by either of the two sides . no comment : donald trump ' s new learning initiative on north korea has a major sticking point : the issue of denuclearization remains a major bone of contention between pyongyang and washington . the us has been demanding that north korea end its nuclear weapons program . pyongyang argues that it needs nuclear weapons for national security . north korea is seeking international sanction because of its nuclear program . international diplomacy : it is kim yong chol? what next ? the meeting was part of a flurry of diplomatic activity to attend the highly anticipated trump - kim summit in 2017 . while pompeo and kim yong chol were talking over dinner , teams of us diplomats were visiting their north korean counterparts in singapore and in the korean war zone . a former north korean spy chief , kim yong chol is among the most trusted aides of the north korean president . he is a former member of the north korean ruling party ' s central committee . kim yong chol has played a major role in the recent thaw in north korea ' s relations with south korea and the us . he hosted kim jong un while attending his summit with south korean president moon jae - in in april and may . he also hosted pompeo during his two presidential terms . pompeo and kim yong chol are expected to hold a series of meetings on thursday to determine whether the summit between trump and kim jong un , originally scheduled for june 12 and subsequently canceled by trump , will be restored . south korean media reported that kim yong chol was carrying a personal letter from the north korean leader and would travel to washington to deliver it to trump in july . ap / rt ( tv , reuters ) each dayat 1830 utc , dw ' s will send you a piece of the day ' s hard hitting and investigative investigative journalism . you can sign up to receive it from here .