wellington , new zealand ( ap ) — the christchurch - based crusaders will cement their place in the super rugby table when they beat the auckland - based chiefs in an exciting final round , before the season breaks for round 30 . the crusaders moved five points clear in first place when they convincingly defeated their closest rival , the wellington - based hurricanes , last weekend and have the opportunity to take that lead and extend their unbeaten streak to two games against the fifth - placed chiefs . the manner in which the crusaders beat the hurricanes , despite missing the current all blacks who were either injured or ill , has led many commentators to declare it a sign that the eight - time champions will win the championship for the third consecutive year . coach brian robertson said the victory of the severely - depleted crusaders over the star - studded hurricanes " was just a very proud moment in the crusaders history . " " i think the fans weren ' t sure what to expect and that about sums it up , the amount of joy that was felt post - game , " robertson said . he said the fans are not taking for granted a win on aggregate in what was an exciting game against a strong team being plagued by injuries . " the crusaders have an extremely strong scrum , " robertson said . " given their injuries they havedone a great job with the players that have filled in for them - as have we , and it will be a great season . " the hurricanes will quickly recover from their poor performance against the crusaders to keep pace with the tournament , two rounds from the end of the regular season . coach chris boyd said any lessons learned from the loss to the crusaders would not be lost to the hurricanes , who play a different type of game . " they kick more than anyone else , " boyd said . " they ' re very good at strike zones . they ' re always able to say ' now you kick the ball and we ' ll put you down and you make the mistake and we ' ll pick it up and score . ' " the new south wales blues will have a chance to extend their run in a tight australian conference before super rugby breaks for test series between australia and ireland , new zealand and france and south africa and england . the hurricanes , who face the queensland reds on saturday , win the conference by one point from the melbourne rebels and face the sydney - based blues in a round from which the south african team are eliminated .