arsenal paid a club - record fee of 63 . 75 million euros ( $ 80 million ) to sign pierre - emerick aubameyang from borussia dortmund to wednesday , completing the overhaul of the club ' s squad that was caused by alexis sanchez ' s move to manchester united . considered potentially the most expensive move in the premier league on the final day of the january transfer window , aubameyang joined arsenal in a deal that should result in olivier giroud leaving the club in the coming hours — reportedly to london side chelsea . the 29 - year - old aubameyang will compete with , or maybe complement , offseason signing alexandre lacazette up front as arsenal try to make up an eight - point gap to the premier league for third in the premier league . the new face in arsenal ' s squad is henrikh mkhitaryan , the playmaker who joined from manchester united last week as part of the swap deal that took sanchez to old trafford . mkhitaryan and aubameyang teamed up to great effect when they played together at dortmund in the 2015 - 16 season , scoring 62 goals between them in all competitions . mkhitaryan welcomed aubameyang via a video message on arsenal ' s twitter feed . in total, aubameyang scored 98 goals in 126 games for dortmund in the champions league after joining from saint - etienne in 2013 and was the top scorer last season with dortmund . only eight players from germany ' s top five leagues have scored more goals than the leroy ##er since the start of 2014 - 15 season . arsenal inadvertently posted a video on its website in the early hours of wednesday , during which manager arsene wenger announced the signing of aubameyang in an in - house interview after the premier league match against liverpool on tuesday . the video was quickly taken down . arsenal lost to swansea 2 - 1 in a game that showed its weakness up front without the experienced striker around . it left wenger ' s team in last place with 13 matches remaining . the fee for aubameyang was identical to that paid by manchester city for france under - 21 striker aymeric laporte on wednesday . that was also a club record — but it could be broken a day later if arsenal were to bring leicester striker riyad mahrez to etihad stadium . arsenal has reportedly delayed his nomination for english club ' s player of the year for the 2015 - 16 season after an injury to leroy ##inho that has ruled the germany striker out for up to two weeks . thealso that could go ahead on wednesday is tottenham ' s signing of winger lucas moura from paris saint - germain . moura was delayed arriving in london on wednesday ahead of his medical examination . _ _ _ more ap premier league stats : https : / / apnews . com / ap / premierleague _ _ _ steve jones is on www . twitter . com / sdouglas80