salt lake city - - ( # ##wire ) - - may 30 , 2018 - - biovation labs has announced that ashantai yungai has joined the health product and supplement contract manufacturer as the new quality and compliance manager . this press release features multimedia . see the press release at : https : / / www . businesswire . com / business / news / 20180530005159 / en / contract manufacturer biovation labs has hired ashantai yungai as its new quality and compliance manager . “ quality and compliance are at the heart of our business and , in fact , our entire business model , ” said justin lee , president of biovation labs . “ ashantai has a deep interest in helping ensure process , people and equipment are properly aligned to meet the stringent requirements we face from regulators , clients , customers and our own high standards of quality . as a contract manufacturer , compliance is paramount , and ashantai is highly committed to bringing about improvement and compliance at every stage of the contract manufacturing process . ” yungai ’ s background is in chemistry . prior to biovation labs , he was a senior organic chemist at roche pharmaceuticals , which then became myrexis pharmaceuticals . he worked on new drugs in hopes of alleviating diseases , such asalzheimer ’ disease , diabetes and cancer . his laboratory expertise has also been used in environmental testing , including systems such as titration and end of drying ( lod ) , and lc ##r by companies such as reckitt benckiser ( rb ) and teva pharmaceuticals . while at teva , he transitioned into quality assurance in 2016 . he began working in quality assurance and documentation , and quality . working with peer reviewed he was responsible for reviewing research and data , and ensuring accuracy and compliance for legal and regulatory compliance . yungai received his bachelor of science degree from dillard university in new orleans . he received his master of science degree from the university of florida . “ biovation labs is setting new standards of excellence and innovation in the nutraceutical and supplement contract manufacturing space , ” yungai said . “ as the quality and documentation manager , i look forward to maintaining this standard of excellence , and serving the wide variety of customers that turn to biovation labs to rapidly and accurately meet their manufacturing needs . ” about biovation labs biovation labs is a nationally leading , cutting edge contract manufacturing , formulation , private label and distribution company in the $ 141 billion natural products industry . it works within the life science sector , manufacturing products for pharmaceutical and nutraceuticaland worldwide . in january 2018 , the company moved into its new 104 , 000 square - foot corporate headquarters , which is a state - of - the - art , high quality manufacturing facility , serving the needs of both large and mid - stage companies . biovation labs is a cgmp certified , nsf and fda approved manufacturing company . for more information visit www . biovationlabs . com . view full version on businesswire . com : https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180530005159 / en / source : springboard5 tim rush , 801 - 208 - 1100 tim . rush @ springboard5 . com keyword : united states north america pharmaceutical industry keyword : healthcare alternative medicine health & wellness apparel and other industries natural products and general products source : biovation labs . business ##wire 2018 . pub : 05 / 30 / 2018 10 : 00 am / disc : 05 / 30 / 2018 12 : 01 pm https : / / www . businesswire . com / news / home / 20180530005159 / en