legazpi , laguna ( ap ) — a significant amount of ash has fallen on towns near the philippines ' most active volcano from repeated eruptions of lava from the crater . mount mayon in southern albay province has been active more than two weeks , and 84 , 000 people who fled the danger zone are staying in hotels and other crowded shelters . the philippine institute of volcanology and seismology said one particularly explosive eruption lasted more than an hour and a half on average . the ash cloud rose 1 . 5 kilometers ( . 9 miles ) above the ground and caused significant ashfall in the towns of camalig and guinobatan . mayon has been belching red - hot lava gas , huge amounts of ash and molten lava into the sky and plunging communities into poverty with falling ash since nov . 2007 . it has remained at alert level four on a scale of five , indicating a more violent eruption could be expected . officials have reported that despite the repeated eruptions of volcanoes , mayon is still filled with magma below the surface and could explode explosively . no fatalities have been reported in the current eruption , but authorities have struggled to get people out of the danger zone 8 kilometers ( 5 miles ) from the crater . they are worried the eruption may last for, disrupting the lives and livelihoods of people in mayon ' s shadow . provincial officials say disaster funds are running low and have said supplies like facemasks will be needed if the eruption continues . the government has considered the possibility of creating a permanent " no man ' s land " around mayon , a sensitive and complicated project that would affect hundreds and thousands of people living in the fertile farmlands nearby . another possibility is creating a national park at the base of the volcano , where trees could grow and provide a barrier against volcanic flows into villages and towns . mayon has erupted about 100 times in the last 100 years , sometimes more . in 2013 , an ash ##fall killed two climbers who had fallen into the volcano without warnings . the philippines has about 22 active volcanoes . the eruption of mount mckinley in 1991 was one of the largest volcanic eruptions of the 20th century , killing hundreds . _ _ _ associated press writer jim gomez in manila contributed to this story .