los angeles ( ap ) — thousands of armenian - americans took to the streets of los angeles on tuesday to commemorate the deaths of an estimated 1 . 5 million armenians in the ottoman empire a century ago . the demonstrations began shortly after armenian prime minister serzh sargsyan resigned following several days of violent anti - government protests in that country . armenians in los angeles were demanding that the 1 . 5 million deaths starting in 1915 be recognized by turkey as genocide . a separate protest was held outside the turkish consulate in los angeles . although many and many armenians believe it to be genocide , the — government of the ottoman empire — contends those who died were victims of civil war and unrest . los angeles ##ns wearing armenian and turkish flags and banners that read " 1915 once again " and " turkish genocide must end . " " we ' re here to remember what happened and remember the genocide and also to send a message to the turkish government , " said dickran khodanian , an organizer with the armenian national committee of america . marie keshishian , an 18 - year - old student at glendale college , said that two of her great - great grandparents were killed in the genocide and that she was marching in their honor . " i ' m out here today to fight for armenia ,to march for justice , to fight for the people — my ancestors , my great - great grandparents , lost their lives . . . to help get more people to understand and accept that there was no genocide , " keshishian said . andrew antaramian , a 24 - year - old pasadena resident , said his ancestors were able to flee armenia safely and that he joins in the marches every year . " it ' s important to always remember what our people have gone through because if this is ever going to occur again , we need to remind the world what our people went through , " he said . kim kardashian , , one of the most famous armenian - americans in the u . s . , tweeted an iconic photo of herself in armenian and organized several protests calling for the photo to be remembered . " it ' s very exciting to see all armenians participating in peaceful protests making a difference , " she said . " it ' s a historic moment for armenians . "