a look at what ' s going on baseball today : test of the day . wrapping up the series at busch stadium on friday night , jose altuve and the world series champion astros return home to face another 2017 playoff opponent , houston . after a four - game series at cleveland this weekend , that makes them playoff opponents for teams that played in last year ' s postseason . joe carter jr . ( 6 - 1 , 2 . 00 era ) starts the first of a three - game series against red sox ace drew pomeranz ( 1 - 2 , 6 . 75 era ) . back on the road dodgers ace clayton kershaw is scheduled to return to the rotation at home against the philadelphia phillies . the two - time nl cy young award winner has been on the disabled list for nearly a month with left oblique strain . he is 1 - 4 with a 4 . 00 era this season . aaron nola ( 6 - 2 , 3 . 27 era ) pitches for the phillies . battle of the nl series the nationals and braves , in a tight race with the phillies for the top spot in the nl east , begin a four - game series against atlanta . tanner roark ( 1 - 2 , 4 . 17 era ) pitches for washington against atlanta' s sean newcomb ( 1 - 1 , 2 . 00 era ) . ' rock bottom ' in queens on wednesday night , the new york mets have been reeling , and first - year manager mickey callaway is looking for a way out . but nothing has gone right since new york won their third straight game on april 21 . the mets are 25 - 25 since starting the season 11 - 7 . though the mets will complete a sweep of their series in queens with a 4 - 1 win on wednesday . " we ' ve hit rock bottom the last few days and we have to get out of here , " callaway said before the game . new york has 11 players on the disabled list , including pitchers yoenis cespedes and todd frazier , reliever adam swarzak and closer travis d ' arnaud . but not miller . andrew miller has been asked to join a throwing program as the mets ' all - star reliever battles inflammation in his right knee . miller , who is on the disabled list for the third time in the past year because of inflammation in his knee , visited a doctor in new york on tuesday . the club spokesman dr . mark altchek confirmed his previous diagnosis and the left - hander can " make a slow walk back tomound activity . " while there is no timetable for him to return , the fact that he doesn ' t need surgery and can resume playing is good news for the indians . _ _ _ _ ap source : http : / / apnews . com / ap / mlbbaseball