the ( ap ) — and fbi deputy director john mccabe drafted a memo on events leading up to the firing of his onetime boss , james comey , a person familiar with the situation on wednesday night . the person spoke on condition of going to the associated press to discuss a classified document that had been turned over to special counsel robert mueller . his office is investigating whether the clinton campaign coordinated with trump during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president intended to obstruct that election by means including the firing of comey in may . the memo concerns a conversation that mccabe had with deputy attorney general rod rosenstein about rosenstein ' s reasons for comey ' s firing . rosenstein played an important role in that episode , having authored a memo criticizing comey for his handling of the hillary clinton russia investigation that the white house held up as justification for president donald trump ' s decision to fire the fbi director . rosenstein has said he wrote a memo setting out his meeting with comey after learning that the white house intended to fire him . according to mccabe ' s memo , rosenstein indicated to him that he was specifically asked to discuss the russia investigation in his final memo to comey . but the final memo didn ' t include mention of russia andfocused primarily on the clinton ##gate ##keepers . rosenstein became mueller special counsel a month after comey was fired . he has said he would defend himself if necessary if his actions were relevant to mueller ' s investigation . the ap reported in march that mccabe had drafted multiple memos , including about his relationship with trump . comey also released a number of documents about his past encounters with trump that implicated him . the new york times first reported on the contents of this leaked memo . mccabe became fbi acting director following comey ' s resignation last may . he was confirmed as deputy director in october , just days before his scheduled retirement , amid an inspector general investigation that he had misled internal investigators about his role in an october 2016 leak to the wall street journal . _ _ _ follow eric tucker on twitter at http : / / www . twitter . com / etuckerap