building a parking deck , office , and warehouse ? here are the big news : amazon prime can now deliver packages into a customer ' s vehicle at no extra charge , saving them time and money . professionals can have packages delivered to their car in the office parking lot , which is more professional than having personal deliveries inside the office . amazon prime customers can now have their amazon orders delivered directly into their car using amazon key , the company announced in a tuesday press release . amazon key was originally designed as the service for delivering packages directly into the home of the recipient . now , however , the amazon key in - car service will deliver packages into compatible vehicles as long as they are parked somewhere that is publicly accessible , like a store or home office , the press release said . amazon key in - car is now available in all us states , and it works with 2015 or newer chevrolet , buick , gmc , cadillac with onstar ; and 2015 or newer volvo cars with volvo on ##star , according to an industry report . source : workplace mobility policy ( tech pro research ) " to get started , customers download the amazon key app and then link their new account with their connected car service app , " the release said . " once setup is complete and the new location has been registered ,you can register on amazon . com and select the " in - car " delivery service for checkout . " amazon customer john b . from ##m said in the release that he used the service with his onstar - equipped car , only giving amazon permission to unlock the doors and re - lock the doors . and each time the delivery driver gains access to the customer ' s car , it ' s done through an encrypted authentication process , the release said . once the driver is verified to be at the right place with the right package , the car is unlocked . " no credit cards or keys were ever issued to delivery drivers , " the release said . on delivery days , customers must confirm they are parked within sight of the delivery location and are then given a 24 - hour window for when the delivery will take place . amazon key in - car is easier than having a package delivered to one ' s home , as sales of online purchases have skyrocketed . however , it ' s also less expensive than allowing packages into a home , as is the process with the traditional amazon key delivery service . for professionals , amazon key in - car can save time and provide peace of mind by having packaged packages into a car parked in the office parking lot . it ' s alsoa lot more professional than having personal items delivered to the store during the same day . with key and key e - commerce , amazon is able to bridge the rapid transformation of e - commerce with the physical world . it ' s a small look at the future of the connected world and why people like larry dignan , of our web site zdnet , have called the company out as being one of the most innovative tech companies ever . stay tuned , click here to subscribe to the techrepublic amazon . you can use newsletter . please also see