cardiff , wales ( ap ) — even with its best performance in a decade , england won ' t be ending its trophy drought in global 50 - over competitions this year . due to face pakistan in the champions trophy final on wednesday , england went down to an embarrassing five - wicket defeat at sophia gardens . " the ball we had started at the rate , which put us on the pump a little bit , and none of our runs seemed to get out , " england captain eoin morgan said . " it ' s a real shame because i think we ' ve played some great cricket in this tournament so far , and we weren ' t anywhere close to it today . " morgan , who called it a " pretty tough " tournament , denied his team may have been over - confident with england widely considered to be on course for suffering a record of five defeats in five 50 - over tournaments , including runners - up in the 2004 and 2013 champions trophy . " we played against some very tough sides today , and we ' ve managed to beat them . certainly that hasn ' t gone to our heads at all , " morgan said . england suffered a shock elimination in the group stage of the 2015 cricket world cup and , looking ahead to the 2019 tournament in england , morgan described the experience ofthis champions trophy wouldn ' t change the overall performance of his team . " you know , one of the huge positive factors towards topping our table and playing very good cricket in the group stages is that we ' ve stayed true to what we believe in and what ' s worked for us the last couple of years , and i think that ' s the continued formula for the future . " i know we will continue to evolve in the way the game works over the next two years in the lead - in to the world cup , but now i think we ' re moving in the right direction . " england didn ' t get much rest on wednesday , despite perhaps recalling jonny bairstow . bairstow made the switch by scoring 130 , almost as much as the great jason roy managed in an innings this summer . bairstow ' s first - class performance was all the more impressive since it marked the first time he had bowled for england — and he took the wicket . he needed some time to score , though . that included an extremely strong leg - before - wicket appeal by pakistan in the last over from right - arm quick junaid khan . more good fortune was to come for the 27 - year - old bairstow . at 27 , he was joined by azhar ali ,leaping to short midwicket off rumman raes . on debut , bairstow was dropped after falling victim to a bowling error by pakistan captain sarfraz ahmed , who brought in a catch for shadab ali . bairstow immediately nicked the ball to babar azam at slip but he couldn ' t hold it and nor could catch hasan ali . bairstow ' s luck ran out in the next over with a quick pull shot to mohammad hafeez at deep square leg off hasan . _ _ _ ap sports writer steve douglas responded to this report .