news ( ctv news ) — a large shipment of unused fuel rods purchased for the fourth nuclear power plant has likely been transported out of taiwan on wednesday morning , but authorities have yet to confirm , according to a cna report . the report said that military vehicles also carrying fuel rods were waiting at keelung harbor in northern taiwan for the rods to be lifted onto a cargo ship , with people concerned with the situation looking on . a person wearing a helmet bearing the words “ nuclear power " ” refused to make a comment when asked by a cna officer whether fuel rods were being transported out of the country , the report said . another wearing a “ lungmen power plant ” ( the name for the fourth nuclear power plant ) helmet waved his hand , signaling that he didn ’ ##1 want to make a comment either , according to the report . seven or eight police officers from keelung harbor police department were at the wharf to monitor the operation , and none of them was allowed to speak about the operation , according to the report . a white van bearing the words “ lungmen nuclear power plant ” was parked beside the wharf , and inside the vehicle were a few newspaper strips among other stuff printed with company logos and the words “ un3328 radioactive material , " cna reported . after the incidentif successful , the ship left the harbor . state - run taiwan power company ( taipower ) didn ’ t want to confirm that the decision was about shipping out the first batch of the fourth nuclear power plant ’ the fuel rods under confidentiality agreements , according to the report . liu wen - chung ( 劉 文 忠 ) , head of the radioactive waste management department under the atomic energy commission , said his office had approved taipower ’ s application to transport the fuel rods overseas , the report said . taipower plans to turn the fourth nuclear power plant into a large industrial park , and transport the 1 , 744 fuel rods from the plant out of the country by the end of 2020 , a plan the company said would reduce manpower and save nt $ 100 million in management costs a year .