beijing ( ap ) — in a story jan . 28 about swedish bookseller gui minhai , who was taken away by men who appeared to be chinese police officers traveling to beijing by in the company of swedish diplomats , the article incorrectly referred to gui as a chinese citizen . gui is a naturalized swedish citizen . a corrected version of the story appears online . us calls for release of the swedish bookseller beijing ( ap ) — president donald trump ' s administration has joined european countries in urging china to release a swedish citizen who writes critical articles about chinese people . a u . s . state department spokesman called on china to disclose gui minhai ' s whereabouts and allow him to leave china if he wishes . " we call on chinese authorities to determine the factual and legal basis for mr . gui ' s arrest and detention , disclose his whereabouts , and allow him freedom of movement and the right to leave china , " spokeswoman lisa nauert said in a statement . the u . s . " will continue to work with our allies , allies and regional organizations on promoting greater respect for human rights in china , " nauert said . around 10 chinese police officers surrounded gui and swedish diplomats on jan . 20 as they traveled by train to beijing . gui , a naturalized swedishhowever , was arrested and his whereabouts remain unknown . gui had disappeared from his home in thailand in 2015 and reappeared months later in china after being arrested for a decade - old traffic violation . in a videotaped interview that police said was coerced , gui admitted that he had turned himself in to mainland authorities in a hit - and - run accident . that spurred suspicions that he had been abducted by the chinese security forces . gui was closely supervised even after his release from prison . his latest detention has reportedly rattled western governments after it unfolded in the hands of diplomats . the chinese foreign ministry says it has no information about gui ' s whereabouts , but has suggested that he may have been breaking the terms of his release . the ministry did not immediately respond to his request for comment sunday . gui was one of several hong kong journalists whose detention demonstrated china ' s determination to enforce a hard line by encouraging political dissent and a free press _ _ despite international pressure . he was released into house arrest in 2016 in the beijing suburb of ningbo , living in what his daughter angela called a self - managed apartment . under chinese law , those convicted of a crime can have their miranda rights suspended for a period of time , although it wasn ' t clear whether that wasin gui ' s case . the prohibitions , which are usually not made public , can also include restrictions on travel . the office of us foreign policy spokesperson federica mogherini has said it " fully supports the public statement and position of the chinese government " on gui ' s case .