new york ( ap ) — yankees second baseman gleyber torres was placed on the 10 - day disabled list on wednesday because of a strained right hip . torres was activated after striking out in his first at - bat in the fourth inning before the yankees went on to defeat the atlanta braves 4 - 2 . before the series opener against the national league division champions , yankees manager aaron boone was upbeat about the return of his injured teammate . torres did not start in the night ' s game , but entered the game primarily as a defensive replacement . " we ' re hoping it ' s a short stint . but we know we ' ve got to deal with it this time because there is a small problem there , " boone said in the yankee clubhouse before the game . " hopefully it won ' t be something that it ' s been long . just bring him back to the all - star game . " boone said the club would assess the situation with a day off thursday before heading to washington for the start of an 11 - game , three - city road trip leading into the all - star game in washington . torres was batting . 294 with 15 home runs and 50 rbis in his first 50 major league games . he had an mri and was not allowed to talk to reporters before the game . neilboone , who went over from third base to shortstop at the start of the fifth inning , could get most of the action in torres ' absence . another possibility could be ronald torreyes , but he ' s been on the temporary inactive list at triple - a scranton / wilkes - barre for more than a year to deal with a back issue . brandon drury , who played 114 games at shortstop for arizona last season , could also come into the game . boone wasn ' t sure how the injury had occurred , pointing out that torres had made some " good base running plays a couple of weeks ago when he came up with some good pitches . " the yankees manager also added that if the injury had occurred earlier in the season , it would ' ve been " possible " for the phenom to be back on the field shortly . but the team with the second - worst record in baseball took the opposite course . " anytime you ' re talking about groin , shoulder , arm , once you get a muscle in place , you push it before you can give it a good look , " boone said . " and now you ' re playing months and months . i like that . so i think the wise thing is to do this now . gleyber needs to take a couple oflook , work on it . but i think he still thinks this is the best thing for him and for me . " _ _ _ more ap sports : http : / / apnews . com / articles / mlbbaseball