your daily look at late - breaking news , current events and the issues that will be talked about wednesday : 1 . troubling update to state of the speech for trump the president ' s approval rating has been in the 30s for most of his presidency and at the end of 2017 , just 3 in 10 americans thought the u . s . was heading in the right direction , according to an ap - norc poll . 2 . what ' s rattling us health industry one of north america ' s hardest hit — amazon , warren buffett and jpmorgan chase — announce plans to jointly create a system to provide their customers with high - quality , affordable healthcare . 3 . for now , the memo in which the white house says it will conduct a intelligence and national security review after trump decides whether to release the classified information from the mueller investigation . 4 . fallout continues from the alert hawaii ' s emergency management agency resigns and a cia employee was sent the # ##s warning of an incoming ballistic missile was fired , officials say . 5 . ' a blemish to our reputation ' israel ' s decision to accept tens of thousands of new americans sparks a backlash from liberal israelis who believe israel — suffered in the wake of the holocaust — should they turn awaythose in need . 6 . how pope is responding to chilean abuse the pontiff sends the world ' s most senior sex crimes prosecutor to investigate a bishop accused by abuse victims of covering up for america ' s most notorious criminal ##s . 7 . us companies lose money as losses to health care and technology companies give the market its worst two - day drop since may . 8 . new casinos open their doors in atlantic city , thousands of jobs created during a nearly three - year stretch when many businesses shut down are coming back . 9 . ' glee ' actor , committed suicide at 35 mark salling plays bad - boy noah " puck " puckerman in the hbo crime - comedy . his death comes weeks after he pleaded guilty to possessing child pornography . 10 . who ' s next ' top ' qb carson wentz , out with an injury , will have to be satisfied with taking opposing quarterback nick foles from the sidelines during sunday ' s super bowl .