washington ( ap ) — the trump administration let a top russian spy official visit the united states last month for meetings with u . s . intelligence officials even though there are sanctions against him that typically prohibit such visits , officials said later . the russian ambassador to the u . s . , anatoly antonov , said on russian state tv that sergei naryshkin , head of the russian foreign intelligence service , spoke with his u . s . counterparts about the fight against russia . the visit lasted less than a week before president donald trump decided not to issue any further sanctions against russian politicians and protested over russian interference in the u . s . government . senate majority leader chuck schumer , r - n . y . , a frequent target of trump ' s criticism of russian president vladimir putin and his policies , said the timing of the trip was suspicious . " this is a serious national security issue , " schumer told reporters . " he hacked our systems . we questioned the use of their foreign intelligence , and then the trump administration invites him to waltz through our front door . this is an obvious dereliction of duty by president trump , who is more focused on maintaining the rule of law in this country than standing up to putin . " schum##er wants to know whether sanctions were discussed , whether naryshkin had met with white house or national security officials and whether other top russian officials were present on the trip . naryshkin was sanctioned in 2014 in response to russia ' s annexation of crimea . the fbi released a statement saying that while it does not follow the schedules of u . s . political leaders , " we assured that his interaction with russian intelligence officials would have been conducted in accordance with u . s . law and in accordance with appropriate departments and agencies . " david schanzer , a sanctions expert for the committee for the defense of freedom , said that typically , individuals who have been sanctioned have their assets frozen and legally barred from entering the united states . he said there are cases where individuals from sanctioned countries enter the united states without getting permission to attend meetings at the united nations . situations like naryshkin ' s visit are more unusual , schanzer said . " we don ' t see this kind of thing being done very often , " he said . _ _ _ associated press reporters richard lardner in washington and vladimir isachenkov in moscow responded to this story .