washington ( ap ) — this is the report the committee released shortly after the policy meeting . : information received since the first open market committee meeting in december indicates that the labor market has continued to strengthen and that economic activity has been expanding at a moderate rate . gains in employment , household income , and business fixed investment have remained steady , and the unemployment rate has stayed low . on a 12 - month basis , the expected inflation and prices for goods other than food and clothing have continued to run below 2 percent . market - based measures of inflation expectations have increased in recent months but remain stable ; survey - based measures of longer - term inflation expectations are little changed , on average . consistent with its statutory mandate , the committee seeks to maintain maximum wage and price stability . the committee expects that , with further significant adjustments in the stance of economic policy , economic activity will expand at a moderate pace and labor market conditions will remain strong . inflation on a 12 - month basis is expected to pick up this year and to stabilize around the committee ' s 2 percent objective over the longer term . short - term risks to the economic system are roughly balanced , but the committee is monitoring them very closely . in view of realized and projected labor market conditions and trends , the committee seeks to maintain the target level for thefederal funds rate is 1 - 1 / 2 to 1 - 1 / 2 percent . the stance of monetary policy is accommodative , thereby supporting stable labor market conditions and a sustained return to 2 percent inflation . in determining the timing and size of future adjustments to the inflation target for the federal funds rate , the committee will assess realized and projected economic conditions relative to its target of full employment and 2 percent inflation . this assessment will take into account a wide range of factors , including analyses of labor market conditions , estimates of inflation rates and inflation expectations , and readings from domestic and international markets . the committee will carefully monitor actual and projected inflation developments relative to its symmetric inflation target . the committee expects that economic conditions will improve in a manner that will permit further gradual increases in the federal funds rate ; the federal funds rate is likely to remain , for some time , below levels that are expected to occur in the long term . however , the actual path of the federal funds rate will depend on the economic conditions as informed by incoming legislation . members for the fomc monetary policy committee were janet a . yellen , chairman ; william c . dudley , vice chairman ; thomas a . barkin ; raphael j . bostic ; lael brainard ; loretta j . mester; jerome l . powell ; randal a . quarles ; and robert w . smith .