christchurch , new zealand ( ap ) — irish captain sam warburton has been picked on the wing in a surprising move by the british and irish lions for their match against the new zealand maori at rotorua on saturday . coach graham gatland had announced he would assemble a test - strength test squad to face the maori , a week away from the series - deciding match against new zealand . even if the lineup gatland announced on thursday is his usual lineup , it contains some surprises . warburton has been struggling with an ankle injury on tour and played 68 minutes , scoring a try in the lions ' 23 - 22 loss to the dunedin - based highlanders on tuesday . he still seems short of physical fitness and sean o ' brien has been selected ahead of warburton on the openside flank . munster ' s peter o ' mahony will captain the team from the blindside flank ; the fourth captain the lions team have seen in five matches on tour : warburton , alun wyn jones and brian doherty . " there is a proven leader with munster who never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on tour against a quality and strong irish all blacks team , " gatland said . the lions also sprung a surprise irish try##half , naming sam sexton to combine with irish scrumhalf conor murray and new england no . 8 matt farrell on the wing . the backline otherwise provides a preview of the lions ' starting lineup with leigh halfpenny at fullback , anthony watson and matt north on the wing and matt smith and new zealand - new zealand international ben te ' o in midfield . in the centres , centre jamie george will pack with backs tadhg furlong and mako vunipola while ben kruis and maro itoje combine in the second row . wales ' no . 8 taulupe faletau forms a strong backrow with o ' mahony and o ' brien . gatland also coached the entire lions lineup that came up against the highlanders , changing the style of defensive rotation that he has used throughout the tour . " we were very disappointed with the loss against the highlanders and feel that we need to improve in several areas of our game , " gatland said . " but we feel that now we are building momentum towards the upcoming matches . " this match is a big challenge which is what we need and this is an experienced lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last test against australia in 2013 . " the lions beat australia 2 - 0in their last ever match . _ _ _ british and irish lions : steve smith , anthony smith , paul smith , david te ' o , andrew smith , mark sexton , conor murphy ; taulupe faletau , sean o ' brien , peter o ' mahony ( c ) , rob kruis , maro itoje , tadhg murphy , jamie murphy , david vunipola . australia : michael clarke , paul mcgrath , kyle sinckler , iain henderson , mark warburton , greig laidlaw , owen jones , elliot daly .