new york ( ap ) — the latest in the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . ( all times local ) : 11 p . m . defending champion joey " jaws " chestnut gulped down a record 73 franks and bun to take home his 11th title at the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . the southern california eater from san jose , california , took home the coveted mustard prize and broke the previous record of 53 franks and buns he set last year . the weather wasn ' t a factor ; the national weather service put the temperature at 83 degrees with a heat index of 10 degrees . miki sudo said after eating 37 dogs and buns that the heat may have slowed her progress in winning the women ' s competition . that didn ' t stop the las vegas competitor from easily beating out second - place contestant mischelle lesco of tuscon , arizona , who chowed down on wieners and fries . _ _ _ 11 a . m . miki sudo ( mihk ' - - soo ' - - ) downed 37 franks to win her third straight title in the women ' s competition of the annual nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest . the las vegas .fell short of the 41 hot dogs she won last year but still edged out second - place finisher michelle lesco , of tucson , arizona . lesco chowed down on wieners and buns . thousands of attendees braved 83 - degree temperatures and a heat index of 100 degrees to witness the annual july fourth contest on the long island boardwalk . ten - time winner joey " jaws " chestnut will confront 20 other men during the men ' s competition on wednesday for the golden gloves belt . sudo was the crowd favorite , drawing big cheers from the crowd during her performance , which was slightly diminished after she used new soap to soak her face . _ _ _ 10 : 05 a . m . it ' s frankly ##n . chowdown champions will face off wednesday at nathan ' s famous july fourth hot dog eating contest , where the men ' s competition ends at 72 wiener and buns in 10 minutes . ten - time winner joey " jaws " chestnut will confront 20 other men on new york ' s coney island boardwalk . he set the record last year . miki sudo ( mihk ' - ee soo ' - doh ) is seeking a third women ' s title in a row . the 19 - woman field includes record - holder sonya "the " widow " thomas . sudo managed 40 franks and buns last year . thomas ' number is unknown , but she managed 42 last year . the game attracts thousands of in - crowd spectators and is televised on espn . last year , civil rights activists tried to unfold a banner amid the crowd . five activists were taken into custody for questioning and detention .