washington ( ap ) — the latest on president donald trump ( all times local ) : 6 : 45 a . m . president donald trump is continuing his attacks on the " fake news media " amid the ongoing controversy surrounding the death of his national security advisor and talk of congress and of purported russian interference in the u . s . presidential election this year . trump posted a pre - dawn message on his personal twitter account , saying , " the fake news media are going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind dates . " he added , " this entire campaign non - stop is merely an attempt to cover - up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton ' s presidential campaign . " he added in the message that " @ msnbc & @ cnn are unwatchable . @ foxandfriends is dead ! " the latest message follows a pattern of social media messages that trump has sent , chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the white house and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration . _ _ 6 : 45 a . m . senate majority leader mitch mcconnell is comparing president donald trump to andrew jackson , saying that ' s what the american people wanted when they elected him . the former republican tells msnbc ' s " morning joe " thatvoters " want a different kind of president . " he adds that " i like what he ' s doing , " particularly his emphasis on increased government regulation of business . mcconnell also said he considered neil gorsuch , the man trump appointed to replace the retiring antonin scalia on the supreme court , to be " the second best circuit court judge in the country . " he would disagree with trump , who had asserted that millions of negative votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to democrat hillary clinton . " there was some fraud in the country , " mcconnell said . " but there was no evidence that there was significant enough government fraud to affect the outcome of the election . " _ _ 3 : 15 a . m . just six days into his presidency , donald trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about ties with russia . trump kept his no . 2 in the dark and waited for three weeks before ousting the adviser , michael flynn , in a slow but steady erosion of trust , white house officials said . flynn was interviewed by the fbi about his phone conversations with russia ' s ambassador to the u . s . , a sign his ties to russia had attracted the attention of law enforcement officials . but , the white house ' sretelling of flynn ' s stunning downfall , his error was not that he discussed u . s . plans with the russian during the meeting — a potential violation of a rarely enforced protocol — but the fact that he ignored them for weeks , apparently misleading vice president christopher flynn and other senior trump aides about the nature of the conversations . white house officials said they conducted a thorough review of flynn ' s communications , including dozens of conversations secretly recorded by u . s . intelligence officials , but found nothing suspicious .