brussels ( ap ) — the european union said publicly that it was ready to strike back " swiftly and violently " if u . s . president donald trump takes unfair trade measures against the six - nation bloc . the eu ' s warning comes less than 24 hours after trump expressed his annoyance with eu trade policy , saying it " could morph into something very big . " the warning contrasted sharply with relations during the presidency of barack obama , when both sides promised to create a massive free trade zone between the eu and united states that was estimated could generate over $ 1 billion a year for both sides . when trump won the presidential election in november 2016 , those fears increased as the new president talked about protecting american jobs and security against unfair trade agreements that were seen as detrimental to his " america first " policies . on twitter , trump said in a 2016 television interview that " the european union has been very , very unfair to the united states , and i think it ' ll turn out to be very much to their advantage . " he said that his trade policy with the eu " may turn into something very big from that standpoint , from a trade standpoint . " in the past , trump has hinted at taking measures against trade partners he thought were abusingthe u . s . vs . trump business week approved tariffs on domestic bio - energy components and domestic washing products in a bid to help u . s . consumers , and against competition from china and south korea . his administration has also backed out of a free trade deal and is looking to renegotiate the north american free trade agreement . eu chief spokesman margaritis schinas responded saying that " the eu stands ready to react swiftly and appropriately in case our interests are affected by any unfair trade measure from the united states . " schinas said that " while trade has to be free and fair it also has to be market - based . " the eu also came to the fore during last year ' s world economic forum in davos , switzerland . in 2016 , official figures show , the eu imported 246 billion euros ( $ 304 billion ) in goods from the u . s . while sending about 362 billion euros ( $ 448 billion ) to the country . trump has an aim of that u . s . deficit of 116 billion euros ( $ 143 billion ) . in comparison , the u . s . deficit is much smaller , of only about 1 billion euros ( $ 1 billion ) . the eu and trump have called for cooperation talks . a government spokesman ,steffen seibert , said that chancellor angela merkel pointed out in davos last week that her government wanted " an even stronger , more democratic , more self - sufficient government that takes over the highest national responsibility . " " cooperation that is not directed against anyone , including the united states of america , " seibert told reporters in berlin . " we call for cooperation , strive for cooperation that is good for both sides . " _ _ _ geir moulson in berlin contributed to this report .