if you ' re expecting a board close to the size of the tiny raspberry pi but without the features of the macbook , then you may want to try out the lattepanda alpha . however , it ' s worth noting the lattepanda alpha is not a pi competitor . while the pi starts around $ 35 , the lattepanda alpha starts at $ 289 . the difference is reflected in the design , with the lattepanda alpha having more in common with a laptop than a low - end board like the pi . the lattepanda alpha uses the same class of intel processors as used in this year ' s 12 - inch macbook , a second generation , intel core ii . backing up this processor is 8gb of ddr3 ram and 64gb of memory , alongside gigabit ethernet , 802 . 11ac wi - fi and usb 2 . 0 ports , a usb usb - c port , 4k video ram . while the board ' s developers dfrobot say the board will work with windows 10 pro , they add it will also be compatible with a number of android - based oses . the board — which is about 70 % the length of the iphone 5 ##s — and claims to be able to drivedesigned by people working in a wide range of fields , from robotics to internet of things , and as such has the necessary features for adding a wide - range of new hardware to the board . source : developer spotlight : the alpha board the alpha has 3 x 8 - pin ports for hooking to devices , as well as an arduino 2 co - processor . alongside the alpha , the board ' s makers will also release a version of the delta without the emmc storage for $ 269 , as well as the pre - specced lattepanda version , which starts at $ 129 . the delta runs on an intel celeron n4100 processor , has 4gb of ram but still keeps many of the advantages of the alpha board , such as 802 . 11ac wi - fi and 3 x usb 3 . 0 ports . the boards are being crowdfunded via kickstarter , and as of 2015 have passed their £72 , 611 funding goal , with just shy of £97 , 000 raised with 10 hours left to go . dfrobot announced that the boards , which are also available with a 7 - inch lcd display , will ship in may next year . it is also the first windows ce - based , developerboard produced by the company , with the earlier board selling for around $ 50 . that later board was again lower specced and priced than the original , but also confirmed some reports that the board ran without battery power , resulting in the game being slowed to a slower speed . image : dfrobot code : dfrobot " sign up for techrepublic ' s open source weekly newsletter for more technical tips and information . listen to all about the original pi