berlin ( ap ) — an activist group , has released a database of videos of suspected chemical attacks in syria , adding to a growing collection of videos and images documenting syrian war crimes during the seven - year war . the syrian archive , which works with human rights groups such as amnesty international , said it has collected 861 videos of the 212 attacks — most of them believed to have been carried out by government forces . the information comes from 193 sources and most of it was uploaded to social media by local syrians , the group ' s co - founder , hadi al - khatib , told an audience in berlin . al - khatib , who has lived in germany since 2014 , said the group wants to prevent sensitive material from circulating , so that it might eventually be able to bring those responsible for war crimes to justice . but the group , which is spread across europe and the middle east , also wants to " add value " to the raw material , such as by determining the location where a person was shot and , most importantly , ensuring that it shows what is claimed . the syrian archive works with the open source web site bellingcat that has made a name for itself forensically examining footage from war films . while most of the chemical attacks alleged by the syrianalthough believed to have been carried out by forces loyal to president bashar assad , including the killings in the town of douma near aleppo , a handful have been attributed to government forces and the islamic state extremist group , said abdulrahman al - jaloud , one of the syrian archive ' s researchers . al - khatib said he and other activists try not to be overwhelmed by the fact that efforts to bring those responsible for war crimes in syria to justice have so far been unsuccessful . " that doesn ' t mean we should stop , " he said . " we are looking forward to the day when we can gather this information , because the reconstruction of syria will include investigating , investigating and prosecuting crimes . "