chinese firm hna group on tuesday said that wang jian , the firm ' s ceo and co - founder , died during a business trip in the south of france . wang " accidentally fell causing serious injury , and attempts to rescue him were unsuccessful , " the firm said in a statement . " today , we mourn the loss of an exceptionally great leader and role model , whose life and work will continue to be a challenge for all who had the good fortune to meet him . " read this : how corrupt are china ' s investment banks ? the firm did not release details on how he died . however , broadcaster france 2 reported on wednesday that a man fitting wang ' s description had fallen more than 10 metres ( 33 feet ) to his death while attempting to take a picture from a distance . paris police officer hubert meriaux also said that " witness accounts point to a possible suicide " in the case : " wang stood on the edge of a sharp cliff to allow his family to take a picture of him and fell . " however , meriaux stressed that an investigation was still ongoing . evolution of a chinese airline wang co - founded the firm in 1993 as a small provincial airline serving the chinese island of hainan . since then , it has transformed into a fortune 500china , becoming china ' s third - largest employer and acquiring a 50 - percent stake in hilton worldwide chain of hotels . last year , beijing set its sights on hna during a crackdown on risky investments , which had long delayed growth for chinese companies . the company has since sold off parts of its business empire in aviation , tourism and financial services to manage its debt . read more : will china ' s rising debt levels trigger a financial crisis ? hna also owns an 8 . 5 percent stake in deutsche bank . the company was ranked 170 on fortune 500 global list in 2017 with $ 53 . 5 billion ( €62 billion ) in revenue . ap / msh ( ap , afp ) each morning at 1830 utc , dw ' s reporters read out a selection of the day ' s breaking news and current business journalism . you can sign up to read it all here .