a decade ago , the storage networking industry association ( snia ) conducted a 250 - page survey to gather information about how companies might protect data from 2007 when the year 2107 dawned , but it ' s now so obsolete that the terms flash and cloud aren ' t even found in the 250 - page final report ( pdf ) . if at first you don ' t look , look again , snia officials determined . " it took us quite a while to put the last survey together two years ago . we got a lot of good information from it , " said thomas rivera , chair of the snia data protection committee . " we found that as time went on there ' s been a lot of changing in the industry , not only in storage itself but also in a lot of the technology and practices regarding storage and archiving . " source : cloud data storage policy ( data pro ##nto ) snia has announced updates in the 2017 edition of the survey — there are new questions about business processes , data sources , data structure , security , security , privacy , security , and privacy . they hope to double the amount of respondents and include researchers , record keepers , and technologists ( the 2007 edition focused on it professionals ) . also , there ' s a new focus on leaving thethe test open ended and not for specific brands , so that the vendor cannot easily report results , rivera said . there are already many companies worldwide that claim 100 - percent reliability based on laboratory reliability tests , rivera noted , though he said that these claims are difficult to successfully prove because of owning a delorean battery with a faulty capacitor . source : the storage project . the storage decision , in pdf ( zdnet / techrepublic special edition ) some of the key questions from the current study are : what is your organization doing to deal with data migration and long term readability issues ? ( migration involves periodically moving information to different media to assure consistency . readability refers to both physical and logical . — is the information in a database that your organization can read and manipulate ? ) which you create content that is of highest concern in maintaining long term integrity of data ? ( logical implies the ability to read the physical media and to logically interpret and use the content in the appropriate context . ) do you verify / verify the integrity of data provided by a cloud service provider or cloud ? yes / no ? how ? do long - term archives necessitate the use of specialized storage technologies and / or services that differ from normal storage infrastructure ? ifso , what are they ? snia hopes to publish them in the second half of 2018 . rivera said that future surveys would be no more frequent than every 10 years depending on technology changes . looking forward , he said , the next edition could include questions about dna storage , persistent memory , and quantum computing . keep up with questions about data centers , quantum computing , and more — subscribe to our data center research newsletter . subscribe also to