jones ( ap ) — a lawyer who has alleged that fbi agents were part of a " brazen plot " to exonerate hillary clinton and frame donald trump has been added to the president ' s legal team . joseph digenova , a former united states attorney for the district of columbia and a frequent political commentator , will join the team at a sensitive moment as trump ' s lawyers discuss whether to make the president available for an interview with special counsel robert mueller and under what circumstances . he will work alongside attorneys elizabeth dowd and jay sekulow , who said in a statement monday that he is confident that digenova will " be a valuable asset in our representation of the president . " mueller is investigating potential links between mueller and the trump campaign and possible obstruction of justice by the president . digenova , who will testify later this week , declined to comment to the associated press on monday . though the white house and trump legal team had spoken previously of a cooperative relationship with mueller ' s office , that rapport appeared frayed over the weekend when dowd said that deputy attorney general rod rosenstein — who appointed mueller and led his team of prosecutors — should " bring an end " to the relationship . dowd said he was speaking for mueller himself , but his wordsstatement appeared to reflect the frustration of the president , who lashed out at the fbi in a series of weekend tweets , including one in which he mentioned mueller by name . as mueller continued his interview with the president , the addition of digenova could signal a more aggressive approach , if his comments are any indication . in a 2016 interview with fox news , for instance , mueller said that pro - trump text messages sent by two federal officials who were once on mueller ' s team were a " " way to " exonerate hillary clinton , and if she didn ' t win the election , to then charge donald trump with a falsely created crime . " everything that we have gathered from these texts , and from all of the evidence gathered , shows that the fbi and us ( justice department ) officials intend to violate the constitution and to deny donald trump his civil rights , " mueller added . the addition of digenova was first reported by the new york times . _ _ _ associated press writer chad day contributed to this report .