paris ( ap ) — the louvre museum is putting 31 paintings on permanent display in an effort to find the rightful owners of those and other works of art stolen by nazis during world war ii . the louvre museum opened two rooms last month to display the paintings , which were among thousands of works of art looted by nazi forces in france between 1940 and 1945 . more than 1 , 000 paintings have been handed over to their rightful owners since the war , but more than 2 , 000 remain missing , including 296 paintings stored at the museum . " these paintings don ' t belong to anyone . they have looked like this in the past , but our goal is to return them , " sebastien allard , the head of the acquisitions department at the louvre , told the associated press in an interview on tuesday . " the large majority of the retrieved paintings have been stolen from private families during world war ii . heirs can see these artworks , declare that these artworks belong to them , and officially ask for their return . " the paintings in the new room are from various artists of different styles and horizons , including a french painting from theodore roosevelt , " la tour du lizon . " many more recently looted works had previously been on display at the museum , but visitors do not necessarily knowthey had been stolen by the nazis . in france , works of art retrieved by the french authorities are marked with the letters " mnr , " the initials for the nazi recovery . " we wanted to draw attention further to the case and raise public awareness , " said allard . " we felt it was important to highlight the unique case of these pieces , which are not listed on our website . " the louvre list is the latest effort by french authorities to collect records of families who own their artwork . a working group set up by the culture ministry is in charge of tracing back the history of the art and its owners . but it ' s a long and difficult process : only some 100 pieces have been returned since 1951 . " those who come forward need , for example , to find the proof that the pieces belonged to their families , " allard said . " they need to find old family pictures and payment records , or gather evidence . it can take years . " in addition to the records of owners in various museums across the country , french authorities have also created an mnr catalog , which is available online and can help owners identify their items without going to the louvre . the current list is headed by the name of pierre valland , a former curator who riskedher life includes notes on all the documents the nazis used during the holocaust .