taiwan ( daily news ) – . 5 . " at 10 : 30 a . m . , the taiwan tourism bureau along with representatives from china airlines , and taoyuan international airport welcomed the arrival of the millionth foreign guest to taiwan this year . the huge celebration and a welcome worthy of a superstar took ms . tan jue - ming entirely by surprise after landing at 10 : 40 a . m . and waiting in line at immigration . tan is travelling with her family from singapore , and is already looking forward to her first time visiting taiwan . according to the congratulations received from the taiwan tourism bureau , the singapore girl will be spending her time in taiwan at the height of luxury . not only can she extend her planned stay in taiwan with arrangements for her overnight stays at the hilton taipei , the howard plaza hotel in kaohsiung , and the parkview hotel in hualien , but china airlines will also take care of her flight home as well . tan is travelling with 12 members of her family , and they were already planning a trip to include taipei and taichung , and then going to qingjing park in nantou as well as a stop by hualien to see the east coast . one of tan ' s family members remarked that they had come to theabout 30 years ago on their honey trip to mount alishan and sun moon lake . they said the decision to come to taiwan on this trip was always the right decision . this is the third year in a row that taiwan has welcomed over 10 million international visitors . the warm welcome for lin and her family is also a celebration of the successes taiwan has had in recent years in attracting foreign visitors and raising the profile of taiwan abroad . over the past year , the tourism bureau has been working on a three part plan to promote tourism in taiwan . the comprehensive plan includes ; exploring potential new destinations , working to improve national tourism , working with various industries to develop transformational technologies related to tourism , providing " authentic " travel experiences , and promoting experiential tourism . according to a press release , the director of taiwan ' s tourism bureau chen yong - hui ( [UNK] 永 [UNK] ) said that the bureau will continue to do everything it can to promote tourism in taiwan abroad , and to improve the quality of visitor experience . he also extended a warm welcome to tourists all over the world to visit taiwan , and experience the island ' s beauty for themselves .