- ( ap ) — the eurozone economy , for so long a source of debt , has enjoyed its best year in a decade , clear evidence it has broken out of a long and persistent financial crisis that raised concerns for the continued survival of the euro currency . in its annual report for the fourth quarter , eurostat , the european union ' s statistical agency , reported " that the eurozone grew by 2 . 5 percent in the october - december period from the three months prior . that more - than - expected level of growth means that for the year of 2017 , the eurozone economy grew by 2 . 5 percent , its best performance since 2007 , when it grew 2 percent . the eurozone even grew faster than the u . s . , which grew by 2 . 3 percent . in the decade since 2007 , the eurozone has had to grapple with one crisis after another , culminating with the financial crisis of 2008 that prompted the deepest worldwide recession since world war ii . that included the financial underbelly of the eurozone — the collapse of the public finances of a number of member states . four countries — greece , ireland , malta and turkey — agreed to be bailed out by their partners in the eurozone and the international monetary fund , and in return they received abudget cuts to bring their public finances into shape , hitting their economies hard . the greek economy , for example , lost about a quarter of its gdp , and saw unemployment and inflation rates even higher . it ' s only recently that fears of a eurozone break - up have faded . greece , notably , is about to emerge from its bailout era this summer , two years after it first faced financial bankruptcy . with fears of a break - up of the eurozone largely evaporated , confidence across the bloc has risen . that ' s evident in the fact that growth isn ' t solely dependent on the strong economies of germany and japan . economic growth is being recorded in those countries that were at the forefront of the recovery and that ' s helping to bring down unemployment , and reinforcing the recovery even more . with the success of the major political movements and elections in 2017 , such as in france and the netherlands , there were fewer fears than the prospect of pro - euro politicians at the helm . indeed , the economy has been boosted by the european central bank ' s massive stimulus package and its move to lower interest rates . " the growth boon is not just about stability in the eurozone . the global economy , in particular trade , is on the rise ,and that ' s just the eurozone ' s growth . that set of positive indicators is not expected to hold until 2018 and inflation is anticipated to come in at 2017 ' s level . other potential factors include the recent fall in the value of the euro , particularly against the pound , which makes eurozone exports less competitive in international markets , and the prospect of less monetary support from the ecb .