albuquerque , n . m . ( ap ) — the leader of the largest latino civil rights group in the u . s . said wednesday he had " written " a letter endorsing president donald trump ' s immigration framework that includes a border wall after receiving heavy criticism from opponents and supporters . roger rocha , president of the league of united latin american citizens , said he wrote the letter at the request of the trump administration . the group was in preparation for an immigration policy proposal . " it ' s just bad timing because most people think this letter is endorsing what the president said about immigration and the state of the union , " rocha said . " it ' s true . the letter was about what we had before . we can ' t help it that the president changed his mind . " rocha told trump this week that the civil rights coalition would support his proposal for a wall and immigration restrictions in exchange for helping the people brought to the us illegally . " the four policies which you have proposed , ( border security , daca legalization , protecting the immigrant family and elimination of the lottery and repurpose immigration ) are those that lulac can support if they remain within the immigration framework you have proposed , " rocha wrote in a letter dated june. 28 . " we urge you to remain engaged on what you have said in order to prevent further variations from being introduced into congress . " the group ' s endorsement of the border wall and other restrictions on illegal immigration drew mixed reactions from students and activists across the country who believed the policies would harm students . " like everyone else , i ' d like congress to find a permanent home for daca students , " said lulac president ralph arellanes of albuquerque , referring to the obama administration ' s affirmative action for new arrivals act . " but the wall . . . that ' s not the message you want to send . " on social media , group members and latino activists criticized rocha for the letter and criticized him for supporting a plan many called unconstitutional . washington state lulac president diana perez said rocha ' s letter was neither read nor seen by the national board until it was published . " we are working hard to address this unfortunate situation and remain active as a civil rights organization with new purpose and direction , " perez said in a statement . group members were circulating petitions calling on rocha to resign . rocha , of laredo , texas , called the situation " unacceptable lulac behavior " and said he had no intention of stepping down .he said the group is not turning its back on the immigration system and doesn ' t support any legislation that would prevent immigrants from legally blocking their children ' s entry into the u . s . " we are the only latino civil rights group at the table , " rocha said . " we will continue to work with the community . " _ _ _ associated press writer russ contreras is a member of the ap ' s race and justice team . follow him on twitter at http : / / twitter . com / russcontreras