an edmonton man was charged with drunk driving and firearms offenses after a hit - and - run in jasper national park on sunday . officer nicholas smith , 35 , was arrested on highway 16 near explosion point after fleeing the scene of a collision in pocahontas park just before 3 p . m . according to jasper rcmp it all started with complaints of his erratic driving from the public and from hinton rcmp heading east toward the park . jasper rcmp members responded and headed east and almost immediately after heard a report of a multiple - vehicle collision . it got worse . “ a male suspect had stopped his vehicle and was yelling at bystanders and trying to fight them , ” const . patrick vallee said in a press release . “ the suspect then got back into his vehicle and fled the accident scene . ” he pulled over a short distance north of the scene at a location known as explosion point and according to bystanders , was loading what looked like a bomb , hiding in his vehicle . many of the members of the crowd then took cover behind their own vehicles . two jasper rcmp officers conducted a “ high - risk arrest ” and took the suspect into custody without incident . he was taken to edmonton to be treated for non - life threatening injuries he sustained in thecollision . “ the rcmp would like to thank the public for their assistance during and after this incident , ” vallee said . percy was found to be in possession of more than one firearm , triggering a host of criminal code , traffic , police and national parks act offences including impaired driving , dangerous driving , failure to stop , possession of a controlled substance and unsafe storage of a firearm . the complete list of charges is below . none of the charges have been proven in court ; percy is scheduled to appear in jasper court on dec . 31 . – 2 counts of unsafe storage of a firearm 86 ( 2 ) criminal code – possession of a prohibited device 91 ( 2 ) criminal code – possession of a prohibited device in a motor vehicle 94 criminal code – dangerous use of a motor vehicle 249 ( 1 ) ( a ) criminal code – failing to remain at the accident scene 252 criminal code – impaired operation of a motor vehicle 253 ( 1 ) ( a ) criminal code – possession of a controlled substance 4 ( 1 ) controlled drugs and substances act – 3 counts of possession of a firearm in a national vehicle 24 ( 1 ) canada national parks act – 3 counts of possession of a firearm in a motor vehicle 24 ( 2 ) canada national parks act