despite admitting he was a racist , phil neville said monday he wanted the role and status to be a role model for taking on the " ultimate job " as coach of england ' s women ' s national soccer team . the decision to hire the former manchester united defender brought about a week because of his lack of football experience and his twitter postings six years ago that were both sexist and racist . " my character stands up to every criticism that has been leveled at me , " neville said upon being presented with his new role . " i ' ve got my life right . i think i have a lot of respect within the game . " speaking for the first time about the tweets , which he made in 2011 and ' 2012 when still a player at everton , neville said " they aren ' t right today and they weren ' t then . " in one of the twitter posts from 2012 , neville said he thought women would be " busy waiting for / getting things ready / making beds " instead of watching men like him . the next day , he said he " always wants equality until it comes to paying the bills , " and another tweet read : " oh , i ' m just chilled - just on the ball ! ! ! feel better ! !" neville defended that tweet , saying he was referring to games of table tennis and basketball he had with his family on holiday , and said he was " embarrassed " that he was wording that related to domestic violence . " that comment wasn ' t put on as a joke to domestic violence , " neville said . the 41 - year - old neville has taken charge of the no . 3 - ranked england team in the men ' s game , having only had brief spells as an assistant coach with the england under - 21 men ' s team , manchester united and arsenal since retiring as a player in 2013 . he said that is unusual . " i ' ve coached the best players in the men ' s game at the top level and i believe that the players i ' ll be coaching for the england men ' s team are top , top - ranked players at the elite level , " neville said . " for us to get from third to first in the world , i think they ' ll need a coach with that type of experience . " i cannot be more qualified for this job . . . the opportunities that i have in women ' s football and men ' s football are very similar . the gap is closing . " neville said he isn ' t using the position asa " stepping stone " to other players in the game . " this , for me , is the dream job , " neville said . " it doesn ' t get any better than coaching your team . " _ _ _ steve douglas , on youtube . youtube . com / sdouglas80