washington ( ap ) — the education department ' s decision to provide only partial relief to some students defrauded by for - profit colleges could cut the payments by around 60 percent , according to a preliminary analysis conducted by the associated press . the agency announced in december that it was implementing the obama administration ' s plan of fully wiping out the millions of students served by the now defunct private colleges under the so - called borrower defense rule . the department said that some students will now be getting only partial loan forgiveness in order to keep the payments fair and protect taxpayers from future debt . the department will look at average income for specific students to determine if the loans should be forgiven fully or not . a department report prepared in the interim and published by the ap indicated that such an approach could cut the overall amount of relief given to students by around 60 percent . to arrive at the initial estimate , officials looked at the loans that had been forgiven in their entirety to determine the impact should partial have been granted . education department deputy secretary liz hill said on a blog tuesday , " this is not an accurate estimate from the department of education . it is an impossible calculation to make at this point in the process as we continue to adjudicate claims . " as ofthe idea of partial relief is controversial since thousands of former students had already had their tuition paid in full under obama . the agency said in 2017 that it had tens of thousands of applications from former students still pending . the action comes after education secretary betsy devos rewrites rules governing financial protections with regard to for - profit schools . last year she froze two obama - era rules that were intended to place additional checks on for - profits . critics point to the trump administration ' s ties with the school and accuse the department of protecting student interests , but devos says that the obama rules are too broad and could be changed at students ' expense . eileen connor , a lawyer at harvard university ' s project on federal student loans , which has represented thousands of former college students , criticized the ruling . " i think that is terrible , it ' s another example of the department of education picking the pockets of fraudulent schools and not doing right by those who have been affected by them , " said connor . " and we have no intention of channeling the department ' s action in this regard . " when announcing the partial relief program , devos said that " no fraud is involved , and students deserve relief if the school they attended" dishonestly . " but she added that the law also " prevents corporations from being forced to shoulder massive costs that may be unjustified . "