texas ( ap ) — a man who spent 15 years in prison for the 2001 murder of a teenager was freed on appeal after a judge agreed with prosecutors that he didn ' t commit the crime . dallas county district attorney faith smith said quintin lee alonzo , 38 , was freed after the judge agreed with a petition from students finding him innocent of the 2001 murder of carlos gauna , who was killed when a fight broke out at a party celebrating his high school graduation and left to join the military . although alonzo was freed because prosecutors and the judge believe he ' s innocent , due largely to the execution of a young man the day before that man ' s execution , alonzo would still need the texas court of criminal appeals to formally exonerate him to be eligible for state compensation for being falsely convicted . that ruling could take months . officials say an " exhaustive investigation " followed the 2015 statement that licho escamilla gave to investigators from the district attorney ' s office ' s criminal integrity unit right before escamilla was put to death for the murder of an off - duty dallas police officer . " he was on trial the next day , " said cynthia garza , who leads the unit . " we think he was doing this to promote peacewith god and make things right for him . " escamilla was a suspect in guana ' s killing . " a witness identified alonzo as the shooter from a police report , and johnson said the jury at his 2003 trial relied solely on that identification to convict him . alonzo was sentenced to life in prison . escamilla , 22 , was convicted in 2002 in the killing of officer christopher kevin james , who was among the uniformed police officers working off - duty , at the club when a fight broke out and james was shot multiple times by escamilla . prosecutors said that before escamilla was convicted of james ' murder , he confessed to killing gauna and that he had confessed this to his appellate court . johnson acknowledged that rumors circulated after the officer ' s death that escamilla was innocent , but she said alonzo ' s attorney argued this point at alonzo ' s trial and johnson didn ' t buy it .