los angeles ( ap ) — o . j . simpson is cashing in on millions since his release from prison and should use the money toward a certain death judgment that never exceeds $ 70 million , according to a lawyer for the estate of fred goldman whose father was murdered in 1994 along with simpson ' s ex - wife . attorney john cook is asking a los angeles superior court judge tuesday to order him to turn over the money he makes from public appearances or autographing sports memorabilia to satisfy the jury in the recent deaths of ron goldman and nicole brown simpson . simpson was acquitted of two counts of murder in the 1994 slayings , but a superior court jury found him liable and ordered him to pay $ 70 . 5 million , which has more than doubled in two years . simpson ' s father , fred , has hounded him for years and cook said the former football player has never been paid a dime of the court order . " mr . simpson has managed to avoid this certain death judgment by his abject failure to act , much less accept personal responsibility , " cook said in court documents . simpson signed autographs shortly after his release from a california prison in october to pay legal fees and has no interest in politics anymore , one of his lawyers , malcolm la##vergne , wrote in court papers objecting to any person relinquishing his right to privacy . goldman and cook have " threatened to drag mr . simpson into court every time they hear a rumor , see something on television , or read in an internet blog posting , a mere vague allegation involving mr . simpson ' s commercial exploitation of himself , " attorney ronald slates wrote in court papers on behalf of simpson . although most of the court award has been unpaid , fred goldman has been able to acquire some of the pro football hall of famer ' s assets , including video game rights and the rights to the book " if i had it , " a ghostwritten memoir in which simpson describes how he might have betrayed his ex - wife and ron goldman . goldman was also able to acquire memorabilia he claimed he was trying to take back when he led five men , two with guns , into a las vegas casino hotel in august 2007 to confront two sports memorabilia thieves . goldman , 70 , served six months in nevada state prison for armed robbery and assault with a weapon in an ill - judged bid to steal memorabilia .