san antonio ( ap ) — lamarcus aldridge had 22 points and 12 rebounds , and the san antonio spurs blew a 17 - point lead to the injury - plagued golden state warriors before pulling away for an 80 - 75 victory on sunday night . the spurs beat golden state for the third time in five tries this season and won their fourth straight game to move into fifth place in the western conference , one - half game ahead of idle memphis and new orleans . already without returning all - stars stephen curry , kevin quinn and klay thompson , the warriors lost draymond green in the second due to a tear in the pelvic area . curry took a knee to the groin while blocking a drive to the basket by danny williams . the warriors weren ' t getting much sympathy from a spurs team that has played without kawhi ##e for much of the season . golden state still managed to hold the spurs to 21 points in the third quarter , breaking their season low for points in any quarter . two clutch plays propelled the warriors to their first basket of the game . javale mcgee blocked dejounte murray ' s attempted floater and then scored on a jumper to bring golden state within 59 - 59 with 2 : 30 remaining in the third . quinn then tied the game ona shot by patrick mccaw ##ley from the other side managed to stuff pau gasol near the rim . kevon looney gave the warriors the lead at 70 - 61 on saturday with 2 minutes left in the frame . aldridge scored 15 straight points early in the third quarter to help the warriors recapture a 66 - 65 advantage . he finished with 17 points in the game , including 10 straight that erased a four - point deficit and gave san antonio a 72 - 70 lead it would not relinquish . curry led golden state with 16 points , looney with 12 and andre iguodala and nick young had 10 each . curry finished with 14 points and danny green with 10 . lay - off ##s : curry ( broken wrist ) , curry ( fractured rib ) and thompson ( fractured right thumb ) did not play with the team , remaining in california to continue rehabilitating their injuries . . . . injury was scheduled to be reevaluated . . . . . the warriors ' highest point total in a quarter was 21 in the third . golden state scored 40 points in the third quarter against oakland on sunday , the first time they had scored 40 - plus in a quarter this season . . . . golden state has won two games when trailing by a- plus points . spurs : leonard is back on the bench , as he has been for much of the team ' s entire 16 - game homestand . murray ( right quadriceps tendinopathy ) has played in only nine games this season . . . . murray has eight rebounds to tie the nba record for rebounds in a single game by a point guard . he has 385 rebounds in 1 , 436 minutes , surpassing michael jordan ' s total of 378 collected in 1 , 689 minutes . up the door : host atlanta on friday night . spurs : host dallas on saturday night . _ _ _ _ nba basketball : https : / / apnews . com / tag / nbabasketball