building a security deck , presentation , or presentation ? these are the latest news : a new exam from microsoft , the aws certified security - specialty exam , will validate a tech pro ' s ability to secure the aws platform . cloud services are in high demand , and added security features could help set job seekers apart . a new professional exam from amazon web services ( aws ) will help it experts prove their ability to secure data on the cloud , according to a recent blog post . the aws certified security - specialty exam is now open to those who hold either an associate or cloud practitioner certification from aws . as noted in the post , aws requires that those taking the exam have at least two years experience working in cloud security and three years experience working on aws workloads . the exam will deal with such topics as " incident reporting , monitoring and reporting , network security , identity and access management , and data security , " the post said . the exam consists of 65 multiple choice questions and will likely take 90 minutes to complete . the exam fee is $ 300 . category : cloud computing research ( tech - research ) according to the post , once the exam is complete , the test taker will have a working knowledge or understanding of the following :specialized security analysis on aws aws data protection mechanisms , security methods and aws techniques to make them effective security protocols and how to use them on aws aws security services and applications additionally , the post noted that those who take the exam will have a competency in working with aws security services and production , an understanding of security operations , and the " ability to make informed decisions with regard to performance , security , and reliability , within a set of application requirements . " for those wishing to study for the exam , the post recommends going to the aws security website and working on the advanced architecting on aws and security operations on aws security . advanced security courses on aws security fundamentals , authentication and compliance with aws security and risk management , aws professional responsibility training , and aws advanced - architected security are also helpful . additionally , training and security whitepapers will also help prepare would - be test takers . keep informed , click here to listen to the techrepublic cloud security newsletter . subscribe to see