trump went on the counter - offensive as his campaign recovered from the abrupt dismissal of michael flynn as national security adviser on monday . the new york times reported early on tuesday that phone call logs and video calls showed members of trump ' s presidential campaign and other political associates had repeated contacts with top russian intelligence officials in the year before the nov . 2016 election . trump dismissed the allegations , firing flynn in a series of early morning tweets on wednesday . " this russian presence non - stop is just an excuse to cover - up the many mistakes made in hillary clinton ' s losing campaign , " the republican candidate tweeted , referencing his former democratic opponent in the 2016 presidential contest . in another tweet , trump said : " information is being illegally given to the failing @ nytimes & @ washingtonpost by the intelligence agencies ( cia and nsa ? ) . just like russia , " and that the situation was " very serious . " " the real problem here is that classified information is illegally given out by " intelligence " like russia . very un - american ! " trump said . trump did not give evidence to support his claim that intelligence agencies were giving information to the russian media . he did not say if he had ordered an investigation into leaks . reuters could not immediately confirm thetimes story , which the times dismissed on wednesday . cnn also reported that trump advisers were in regular contact with russian officials during the campaign . the times , citing current and former u . s . officials , said u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls around the same time they learned russia was trying to disrupt the 2016 election by hacking into the democratic national committee . the times had found no evidence of cooperation between the trump administration and the russians on the hacking or other attempts to influence the election , the times said , but they were still alarmed by the intercepted calls . flynn was forced out of conversations he had with the russian ambassador after trump took office on jan . 1 , and his misrepresentations to vice president mike pence included what he had discussed . the times said the intercepted calls in its story were derived from the wiretapped conversations between flynn and the ambassador , sergei kislyak . u . s . lawmakers , including some house republicans , called on trump for a full investigation into not just flynn ' s actions but his white house ties to russia . trump had long stated that he would like improved relations with russian president vladimir putin . flynn ' s conversations with the russian ambassador took place around the time that then - president barack obamaimposed new sanctions on russia on dec . 29 , charging that moscow had used cyber ##space to try to influence the 2016 election in trump ' s favor . a u . s . diplomat familiar with the subject of the calls with the ambassador michael flynn said that if russia did not comply , that could point the way toward a broader goal of improving u . s . - russian relations once trump took office . this was made illegal under a law barring unauthorized private citizens from intervening in disputes the united states has with other countries .