bitcoin - a web - based " cryptocurrency " that has no central authority , relying instead on thousands of servers across the world that validate transactions and add new bitcoins to the exchange - rose 2 . 5 percent to $ 1 , 022 on the europe - based bitstamp exchange , its highest since december 2013 . although the digital currency has historically been highly volatile - a rapid jump in its value in two weeks in late 2013 took it to below $ 1 , 100 , and a hack on the tokyo - based mt . gox exchange saw it fall to below $ 400 in the following weeks - it has in the past few years become more stable . the average price swings in 2016 were around 20 percent , still highly volatile compared with other markets , but markedly lower than the trading of 2013 , which saw daily price swings of as much as 10 percent . bitcoin sales have been boosted in the past year by increased demand in china on the back of a 10 percent annual fall in the value of the yuan in 2016 , the chinese currency ' s weakest showing in over 20 years . data for most bitcoin transactions is collected in china . bitcoin is used to move money across the internet quickly and anonymously anddoes not fall under the purview of any authority , making it attractive to those wanting to get around capital controls , such as moody ' s . it also also may appeal to those worried about a lack of supply of money , such as in india , where prime minister narendra modi removed high - denomination bank notes from circulation in november . " the growing reliance on money , and capital controls , is making bitcoin look like a viable , if at risk , alternative , " said paul gordon , a board member of the uk digital currency association and co - founder of quantave , a firm working to make it easier for institutional investors to access digital currency data . though bitcoin is still some way off the all - time high of $ 1 , 163 that it was on the bitstamp market in late 2013 , there are still more bitcoins in circulation - 12 . 5 billion added to the exchange every 30 days . its net worth is at a record - high above $ 1 billion , with its turnover at around the same as that of an average ftse 100 company .