u . s . law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls around the same time they were investigating evidence that russia was attempting to disrupt the 2016 election by hacking into the democratic national committee , three of the officials said , according to the times . the intelligence agencies also wanted to learn whether the trump campaign was colluding with the russians in the hacking or other efforts to disrupt the election , the times said . the officials interviewed the previous days said they had seen no evidence of such activity so far , it said . however , the intercepts alerted u . s . intelligence and law enforcement agencies , in part because of the amount of contact that was occurring . trump was speaking directly about russian president vladimir putin . the intercepted communications are different from the wiretapped conversations last week between michael flynn , trump ' s former national security advisor , and sergei i . kislyak , the russian ambassador to the united states , the times said . during those conversations , the two men discussed sanctions that the obama administration imposed on russia in 2016 . flynn misled the white house about those calls and was asked to apologize on election night . the white house did not immediately respond to a request from reuters for information on the times calls . the times reported that the officials in the intercepted communications were not limitedto former campaign officials , and to other trump associates . on the russian side , the calls also reached members of the russian government and the intelligence community , the officials told the times . all of the current and former officials spoke on the condition of anonymity because the continuing conversation is classified , the times reported . the times said one of the advisers picked up on the calls was paul manafort , who was trump ' s campaign chairman for several months last year and has worked as a political consultant in russia and ukraine , the officials said . the officials declined to identify the other trump associates on the calls . manafort , who has not been charged with any crime , confirmed the accounts of the u . s . officials in a second interview with the times on sunday . several of trump ' s associates , including manafort , have done business in russia . it is not unusual for u . s . officials to come in contact with foreign intelligence officials , sometimes directly , in places like russia and ukraine , where the spy services are deeply embedded in russia , according to the times . law enforcement officials would not say to what extent the contacts might have been doing business , the times reported . officials would not give any details , including what was said about the calls , which russian intelligence officialstrump making the calls , and how many of trump ' s advisers were talking to the media . it is still unclear whether the calls had anything to do with trump himself , the spokesman said .