gibson stopped all 37 shots he faced as he led the ducks defense in all three games , but was shut out at home for just the second time this season . joseph cramarossa scored the winning goal for the ducks ( 37 - 18 - 2 ) , and gibson recorded his third assist of the season . the ducks ( 37 - 13 - 6 ) had won their first two meetings of the playoffs vs . minnesota , but fell behind early and were frustrated by gibson throughout . they failed to score on any power plays in the game , coming within an inch of scoring when a long - range slap ##shot by defenseman christian folin hit the inside of the goal post , sailed over the crease and to the ducks ##line . minnesota goalie devan dubnyk made 22 saves in the game . the ducks took the lead less than five minutes into the game when cramarossa drove hard to the net and was rewarded . streaking down the right side , corey crawford took a wide angle shot that dubnyk stopped , but produced a rebound he couldn ' t control . cramarossa , who ' d climbed to the top of the net , drove the loose puck home before the goalie could recover . it was cramarossa ' s firstgoal in more than a month . minnesota had the first two power plays of the game and out - shot anaheim 9 - 8 in the opening period , but could not beat gibson . the ducks had two more power plays in the second period , and were again dominant throughout , out - shooting the rangers 13 - 9 . but gibson repeatedly thwarted the minnesota scoring threat . it was the first win in more than a month for anaheim , who blanked minnesota on jan . 10 , and the win allowed anaheim to end their six - game road trip with a 2 - 3 - 1 record . anaheim lost top - scoring right winger antoine vermette with 12 : 27 to play in the third period after he was ejected for hitting forward shandor alphonso . source : the ducks assigned f tyler graovac to chicago of the american hockey league after he cleared waivers . in 45 games with the nhl club this season , he has 11 goals . with his 6 - foot - 1 height , there was some thought that he might be claimed by the team this close to the trade deadline but instead went back to the minors . . . . ducks rw chris boll was a healthy scratch for the fourth time in anaheim ' s last five games . he had three assists in 38starting this week . . . . minnesota , which is in the midst of a franchise - record eight - game homestand , will again host the dallas stars on tuesday . anaheim , which picked up a two - game lead on tuesday , hosted the florida panthers on wednesday . . . . there was some speculation that ducks d sami vatanen could return to the lineup after missing the previous four games with a lower - body injury , but he was injured again .