the event marked the 50th anniversary of the landing of the granma yacht which brought the castro brothers and their bearded rebels from mexico to cuba to start their revolution against a u . s . - backed dictatorship . troops wielding automatic rifles marched in lock ##down with a replica of the granma on deck , surrounded by a crowd of torch - and flag - waving people , who bussed in and out through their streets and neighborhoods . " this is an important message of unity and hope , " said rene lazo , president , who , like most , got up well before the crack of dawn to participate in the parade . " this is going to be a difficult year but we will keep working hard to bring our people forwards " . communist - ruled cuba went into an economic depression in the first half of the year , its worst since the collapse of the soviet union a half century ago , when its former ally russia collapsed . meanwhile its bilateral relationship with the united states came under threat with the election of donald trump as president . trump , who takes office on jan . 1 , has said he would unravel plans to improve relations unless he implemented a “ new deal " . " this is taking place because cuba is still coming to terms with the loss of its revolutionaryleader , fidel castro . although " el comandante " had handed the presidency over to his younger brother raul in 2008 , he remained a key figurehead . some of those marching held iconic pictures of castro or signs reading " we are fidel " . while the parade traditionally takes place every two years on dec . 2 , it was postponed a week due to his death in late 2016 . " he may not be dead , but he is in all our hearts , " said natalia gonzales , who had painted " i am fidel " on the walls of her three grandchildren . raul castro and his family cheered and waved at those marching from the top of the towering monument to independence hero jose socrates in the center of the square . the mood on stage was of defiance although many observers said they hoped there would not be a repeat of civil war - era violence . " we are prepared for conflict with the west , we always have been , " said 19 - year - old marcial garcia . " but i think trump will not reverse the trend . . . towards normalization . " trump ' s move to gradual and somewhat fragile democracy could not come at a worse time for cuba . a economic boom in cuba accompanied by new travel restrictions on americans from last yearto offset dwindling oil imports from venezuela and less opportunities for cuban ##s and other professionals working overseas . " everything is just so uncertain at the moment , and there ' s more danger , " said antonio sosa , 32 , an engineer who chose not to join the parade . " you don ' t see it on the news broadcast here , the speeches fidel gave ten years ago . "