qualcomm ' s upcoming android xr1 platform , announced via a 2013 press release , aims to break down the market for high - quality virtual reality ( vr ) and augmented reality ( ar ) and bring the technology to high - end devices . if successful , the xr1 chip could improve functionality found in modern smart glasses , and make vr and ar more affordable to buy into for smaller devices . the chip could also help bring more artificial intelligence ( ai ) functionality into vr as well , the release noted . upon its release , qualcomm called the xr1 an augmented reality ( xr ) platform , noting that it will help bring higher quality vr to mass - market devices . and the addition of the ai capabilities will provide " better interactivity , energy consumption and thermal efficiency , " the release said . source : vr and augmented reality platform ( android pro research ) the xr1 features an arm - based multi - core cpu , a graphics processor , a gpu , and a dedicated game engine for on - chip gaming . a software engine with advanced machine learning , analytics , and security is also part of the platform , the release said . the chip can support up to 4k video at 60 frames per second , according to the release .it also supports opengl , opencl , and vulkan , and its ai capabilities extend to computer vision applications . other features of the xr1 are high - quality display and six - degrees of freedom ( 6dof ) head ##phones and gps capabilities , making it easy to get around in the virtual world . " as technology evolves and consumer demand grows , we see xr ##1 playing a wide variety of roles in consumers ' and workers ' everyday lives , " alex katouzian , senior vice president and general manager of qualcomm ' s mobile business unit , said of the release . oems like meta , vive , vuzix , and picoare are already building on the xr1 platform , the company said . the big takeaways for tech are : qualcomm has unveiled the snapdragon xr1 chip , which could provide high - quality ar and vr experiences to more people , at a lower cost . the qualcomm snapdragon xr1 has an on - board ai chip to boost computer vision performance in mobile devices . stay informed , click here to subscribe to the techrepublic the big thing page . please also see