the cavaliers withstood a dominating night from timberwolves guard andrew wiggins , who scored 41 points to lead the way for minnesota . it matched wiggins ' second - highest point total of the season . wiggins had help from karl - anthony towns , who scored 26 points and grabbed 11 rebounds . gorgui dieng added 12 points , but no other timberwolves player reached double figures in scoring . a step - up 3 - pointer by irving and a fast break layup by former timberwolves guard ricky williams cut cleveland ' s lead to 114 - 106 with 1 : 39 to play . that essentially sealed the win for the cavaliers , who went on to finish with their first win of the season . it ' s cleveland ' s second win over minnesota in a three - week span . the cavaliers beat the timberwolves 104 - 97 on feb . 1 . cleveland took its biggest lead of 20 points midway through the third quarter when irving hit a deep 3 - pointer . wiggins single - handedly put the timberwolves back . wiggins scored 19 points in the third quarter , including a late 3 - pointer and a buzzer - beating shot to tie it at 14 seconds into the fourth . wiggins had 37 points through three quarters and 14 - of- 22 , but cooled off in the fourth quarter . cleveland ' s offense struggled to make up for the loss of forward kevin love , who earlier tuesday had surgery on his left knee that will sideline him for six weeks . love was averaging 16 . 1 points and 10 . 1 rebounds per game . in love ' s absence , several cleveland players topped the 3 - point mark . jordan and james had their best games on offense , as channing tatum chipped in 16 points — including two 3 - pointer . anthony mason added 14 points and 11 rebounds . jordan struggles to guard the 3 - pointer this year , but cleveland entered wednesday ' s game as one of the top 3 - point shooting teams in the league . although the cavaliers shot only 40 . 3 percent from long range , they made 13 3 - pointer . notes : timberwolves forward zach lavine had knee surgery tuesday to repair his torn acl in his left knee . lavine suffered the injury feb . 3 in minnesota ' s game against detroit . lavine was averaging a career - high 8 . 5 points . . . . minnesota plays home at denver before the nine - day break for the nba all - star game . the timberwolves return to action feb . 24 against detroit . . .. cleveland beat indianapolis on wednesday . the cavaliers missed the all - star break . the cavs ' first game after the break is feb . 23 against the knicks .