lourd broke her news on the news on friday , jan . 2 , with an exclusive photo of herself , fisher , and reynolds on instagram . with it , she said , " receiving all of your prayers and loving words over the past week has given me strength during a time i thought strength could never exist . there are no words to express how much i will miss my abadaba and my dad and my momby . your love and support means the world to me . " fisher ' s death was announced on tuesday morning by members of the family ' s website , stating : " it is with a very deep sadness that billie lourd announced that her beloved mother carrie fisher passed away at 8 : 09 this morning . she was loved by the family and she will be missed profoundly . " a statement posted by billie lourd ( @ praisethelourd ) on jan 2 , 2017 at 8 : 09am . other than that statement , lourd remained silent on social media and had not commented on the heartbreaking deaths of her mother , carrie , and sister , reynolds , up until then . fisher died tuesday morning after recovering from what was described as a massive heart attack on board " on flight to los angeles from atlanta , where she was filming the episode " . "on which she had a recurring role . she was rushed from the airport to the ucla medical center that evening when the plane landed . just a week later , fisher , 84 , was rushed to cedar - sinai in l . a . for a massive stroke . she died two days after she was rushed to the hospital . her son , ben fisher , told variety , " she wanted to be with carrie . " lourd — who is the daughter of fisher and caa veteran bryan lourd , who was with the " star wars " actress from 1991 to 1994 — starred in 2013 ' s " scream queens . " in the series , her character wears princess earmuffs , which she told fans is a reference to her mother ' s iconic princess leia costume . in the past and since fisher ' s death , lourd ' s " scream queens " co - stars have expressed their support with numerous social media messages , including those from lea michele , jamie lee curtis , jamie grande , taylor lautner and john stamos . lourd , her mother and fisher were last seen together at a public ceremony in 2015 at the sag , where fisher was honored with the lifetime achievement award .