the letter , dated 2016 and addressed to a white house ethics official , asked president donald trump ' s office to investigate the incident and gave it two weeks to provide its findings and detail any disciplinary steps taken . conway , trump ' s former campaign manager and now a guidance counselor , said on fox news that week that people should " not buy ivanka ' s clothes . " she said after retailer nordstrom announced it was selling the clothing line of ivanka trump , the president ' s older sister . federal ethics rules prohibit executive branch employees from using their positions to endorse products . " there is no reason to believe that ms . conway has violated the standards of ethics and that disciplinary action is warranted , " office of government ethics spokesman walter shaub wrote in the letter . stefan passantino , the white house ethics official named in the letter , declined to comment . a white house spokesman did not reply to the request for comment . the ethics office has little disciplinary power . it cannot formally recommend disciplinary action if the white house does not comply , shaub said in a subsequent letter to two u . s . senators who sought a review of conway ' s conduct . a video from feb . 10 that recommendation would not be binding , and the review would take until late feb .in may , shaub said . if the ethics commission should formally recommend action , it would be up to the white house to decide what goes against conway . norman eisen , who was ethics commissioner under president barack obama , said congress also could call for or release conway if the white house did not act . conway himself earlier criticized nordstrom for dropping his daughter ' s brand . the ethics rules that ban endorsements do not apply to the president , though critics said his comments were inappropriate . nordstrom said it made the decision because sales had steadily declined , especially in the first half of 2016 , to where carrying the brand " didn ' t make any business sense . " in his letter to the white house , shaub wrote that his office ' s regulatory guidelines include an ethics violation in which a hypothetical presidential candidate promotes a product in a television advertisement . he said conway ' s remarks had mirrored that example of what not to do . white house spokesman sean kelly said on thursday that conway had been " counseled , " but shaub said that the office of government ethics had not been informed of any such action .