for many , this is their first experience in the united states . they are introduced to the time - honored traditions of cooking and s ' mores around the campfire . in turn , they share their family stories and cultural traditions with others who have recently traveled to france , germany and argentina . friendships that cross continents are forged at camp . the international camp ##ers return to their home countries with an increased understanding of contemporary american life ; and there ' s nothing more exciting than sleepaway camp for the average american living in europe . the american camp association confirms that more than one million americans enroll in concordia residential and day camp each summer . this is cultural exchange at its best , made possible by the u . s . state department ' s j - 1 exchange visitor program that is a program specifically designed for resident counselors . since 1979 , concordia language village has taken advantage of this opportunity to invite people from around the world to share their love of language and culture with other people and to explore something new and different . about 900 staff attend the concordia language villages each summer . of that number , about 135 are international staff from 30 countries on four continents . we cannot afford to have these international exchange opportunities limited to a defined number of countries or for those of a specific ethnic or cultural background. the recently lifted travel ban by the trump administration has fostered an increasing sense of fear and anxiety for those applying for international camp jobs , no matter where they are in the world . our security is strengthened through more contact with the world , than less . our ambassadors to the world state that exchange programs are the most cost - effective means in strengthening our national security . exchange participants consistently report that they enter their programs with a favorable impression of the united states . a department of state program evaluation found that 94 % of high school age students from muslim - majority countries report that their experience in the united states gave them a more favorable view of the american language and culture . to visit america , it ' s best to visit it . and where better to go than at a camp ? schulze is the executive director of concordia international camps , the language - and cultural - immersion camps sponsored by concordia college in moorhead . she is a member member of the alliance for international education , a washington - based organization that promotes educational and cultural exchange .