west fargo ' s courtney walsh and talexi gasal notched two assists each in the win , with knightrider goalies quinn kuntz and teresa mattson busy with 29 and 25 points , respectively . " we were outworked most of the game , " said knightrider coach alex hedlund . " we just had to find a way to put 51 points in and create more momentum . " grand forks will open the state championship against west fargo next year . sacred heart 64 , hatton - northwood 64 northwood , n . y . — the sacred heart boys basketball team jumped out to victory against hatton - northwood on tuesday night . despite being down 31 - 28 at halftime , the team rallied behind jordan tomkinson , who had 16 points and 10 rebounds . jack gerber ##g had a great performance for sacred heart , recording a double double with 19 points . " i ' m proud of how they fought , " said sacred heart coach destry sterkel . park rapids 59 , egf senior high 64 park rapids , minn . — the park rapids boys basketball team beat rival grand forks senior high in a close home victory tuesday night . park rapids senior center ryan jewison posted 22 points , and central high ' s sam vo##tava , christian dugan and julian benson each scored three points at the end of tuesday ' s loss . " they came in with a lot of energy and gave it to us , " said senior high coach josh perkerwicz . in the end , the rapids scored a free throw to get ahead of the green wave . senior high next faces fosston in a home game wednesday night . thief river falls 66 , egf senior high , thief river falls , minn . — aaron myers scored two points , including the game - winner , in the first period , to lead thief river falls to a boys basketball win over east grand forks senior high on tuesday . myers scored the winner at 15 : 42 of the game . east grand forks outshot thief river falls 32 - 0 . nick corneliuson made 31 saves in overtime for the eagles . coby stauss led the green wave with a goal and an assist . sacred heart 66 , grafton . bolstered by a strong first half , the sacred heart boys basketball team played grafton on wednesday night in east grand forks . " we were leading them well from the start , but they came back in the second with strong defense , " said sacred heart coach joann remer . anya edwards paced the eagles with2 points to victory . following tuesday ' s win , sacred heart ' s record now stands at 17 - 6 . sacred heart will go on the following day to face climax - fisher .