every day in this country kids go to school without a way to pay for lunch . so , it ' s up to the schools to decide what happens next . since the drop out of new mexico on so - called lunch ##es ##p headlines - we ' ve heard a lot about how schools react . some offer kids an alternative lunch , like a cold cheese sandwich . some schools sometimes will provide free lunch , but require students do homework , have their books stamped or wear a label showing they ' re behind in school . and , some schools will deny free lunch all together . with policies to handle school meals all over the map , the fed , which oversees the federal school meal program , will also require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when kids can ' t pay - a real problem . by july 1 , those policies must be in writing and distributed to staff , parents and the public . " we ' re saying feed these children first , and let the government sort out the finances , " says jennifer ramo , who ' s with the anti - hunger organization , new mexico appleseed . about two years ago she said she started hearing stories about children receiving a box of food only to have it thrown out by a cafeteria worker when they realized thatdidn ' t have the money to pay . seeing the need , ramo worked with new york state sen . michael padilla to pass the state law prohibiting schools from admitting students without the ability to pay for meals . " a lot of people are really disgusted by this practice and they ' re reaching out – calling their own state senators and state representatives and telling them to get over it immediately , " said sen . padilla . since the bill became law earlier this year , he said lawmakers from across the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they are . arizona and california are also working on similar legislation . california democratic state sen . robert hertzberg introduced the child hunger prevention and fair treatment act . " when i presented the bill , the other state representatives on the committee joined as co - sponsors . how great is that ? it just tells you this is not a partisan issue . it ' s a fundamental , human right everybody has , " he said . the american nutrition association found about 75 percent of students had some federal student nutrition assistance at the end of the 2010 school year . part of the challenge is that students who qualify for free or reduced priced meals through the federal school lunch program , aren ' t paid for . the law in newmexico aims to deal with that fact . jennifer ramo says her new government is leading the way . and the timing couldn ' t be better . she says she ' s confident that because communities must first put their own policies in place , they will get much more money . " i ' m hoping communities will put pressure on their own governments to say , ' we need our children fed , ' " she says .