artificial intelligence ( ai ) is increasingly seen as being used as a technical tool . but ai is also being used to create some very useful tools . so , to beat back some of the less useful uses of the term , here are some things ai can really be good for : 1 . analyzing farmlogs , an area of complex data analysis that includes rainfall , soil conditions , and satellite imagery and helps farmers determine what kind of crop growth to expect and how to maximize crop yields . see : farming for the future : how a farmer uses this data to maximize yields and minimize impact ( techrepublic ) 2 . automated diagnosis watson made this use of ai extensively , and while you can debate its merits , others like intel are working on things like precision medicine . machine learning can combine new cases with previous cases to improve treatments . computer processing of medical images as an aid to diagnosis is also making significant advances . see : beware ai ' s magical promises , as shown in ibm research ' s underwhelming cancer research ( techrepublic ) 3 . stopping predators the national center for missing and exploited children is working with ai to help monitor and speed up scanning websites for suspicious visitors . see : it leader ' s guide to machine learning ( it pro2 ) 4 . recruiting ai to help candidates through interviews and rank lists . unilever used an algorithm called hirevue to predict candidates ' actual body language and behavior , cutting the time to interviews and calculating offers and response times . see : how to implement ai and machine learning ( zdnet ) | download the book as a pdf ( techrepublic ) 5 . customer service virtual assistants were made possible by smartphones , but where they can succeed is providing assistance to human customer service agents . they can be used to process natural language and route customers to the right places and even call in and prompt agents with queries and responses . we didn ' t even include intelligent agents , which use all kinds of machine learning and lots of algorithms to control sensors . and there are many more . there ' s a lot of controversy surrounding the idea of ai these days , but if you look , you can see some really good examples of the real thing . for more about artificial intelligence and other innovations , subscribe to our next next thing page . please also see :