a white nationalist rally held on texas a & m university ' s campus had been canceled , but out of concern for public safety , officials confirmed monday . the university reversed the decision after consulting law enforcement and " considerable study " because of " concerns about the safety of its students , faculty , staff and the public . " " texas a & m ' s defense of the first amendment and the freedom of speech cannot be questioned , " the university said in a statement monday morning . " however , in this case circumstances and laws relating to the event have changed and the possibility of threats to life and safety compel us to cancel the event . " after the decision was announced over the weekend , university and state leaders expressed strong support , but legal experts and one a & m university professor had argued that first amendment protections made that impossible . reached by phone while shopping at walmart on monday morning , wiginton said he had not heard the news . he said he had signed up to protest in a “ free speech rally ” on campus on sept . 11 , but had not heard from anyone at the school since he arrived . his response : “ i believe my son will now be representing the state of texas . ” the news was first announced on the floor of the texas house . thelawmaker who made the announcement was rep . mike raney , r - college station , whose district includes a & m . he said that a & m university chancellor john sharp had canceled the event to protect student safety . raney said the event was canceled " because of concerns with hate messages that have been on facebook , and people who ’ ve said they were coming and they were carrying their weapons . " he said the campus police department said they " couldn ' t handle that . " earlier in the day , lawmakers had asked university administrators – and sharp , in order – to prevent the event from happening . gov . greg abbott was not involved in the incident , an abbott spokesman said . “ the abbott ’ ##s office has been working with texas a & m officials to prevent the kind of hate - filled event that we saw in charlottesville . the abbott ’ ' s goal is to ensure the safety and security of texas and texas a & m students , ” said the spokesman , john wittman . patrick svitek and morgan smith contributed to this effort .