when a young african - american woman headed out west on the appalachian trail , she learned a lot about the importance of inclusion in the great outdoors . every year , the appalachian trail attracts a new crop of hikers , drawn to its sweeping sweep – 2 , 000 miles from virginia to georgia . if that ’ calls you this year , you know it ’ s me , if you want to finish this winter . rahawa haile took the call and followed it all the way , beginning to end . and she went it alone as a young african - american woman . that is different . women of color are under - represented in america ’ s great outdoors . rahawa haile ’ s short stories . this hour on earth , hiking with friends on the appalachian trail . — at ashbrook college rahawa haile , poet and short story writer . she through - hiked the appalachian trail in 2016 . ( @ rahawahaile ) carolyn finney , professor of geography at the university of virginia . author of “ black faces , white spaces : reimagining the relationship of african americans to the great outdoors . ” ( @ cfinney4 ) from author ’ : reading list outside : going it alone — “ it will be six months before i read thatlooking at hikers in 2016 are unaware of the clear division that exists between what people of color see on the trail ( generally positive ) and in themselves ( not so positive ) . while many through - trails and trail towns have some of the brightest and most supportive people you ’ ll ever meet , most trail towns have no idea what to make of people who are like me . they say they don ’ t think much of ‘ my kind ’ around , and leave the rest up in the air . ” ##▪ obscura : exit interview : i was a black , female thru - runner on the appalachian trail — “ that year , rahawa haile , a woman now living in oakland , california , was one of the very first black women to attempt to hike the entire trail . ( she was able to beat exactly one other doing the feat in 2016 . ) in september , she began in georgia , the most difficult part of the trail to hike on , and by the middle of october had hiked its entire length . she carried around with her , too , a series of books by black authors , which she read in trail shelters along the way . ” buzzfeed : how those books lit my way along the appalachian trail — “ everyone had something tono . the love i carried was extraordinary . extraordinary love . books by extraordinary authors , their faces often the same black faces i would look to for weeks . these were people who had endured more than i ’ had ever been asked to , whose stories gave me strength in turn . i wanted to give them beauty from things that a lifetime of violence had made clear were never going to be theirs . i sought out these people whenever i could . ” see photos from rahawa haile ’ s appalachian trail journey