the trump administration is giving insurance companies an additional six months to decide whether to offer more coverage through the affordable care act program , and how much to pay . the delay occurs as insurance companies wait for president trump to decide whether he will continue to make payments to insurance companies that are called for under the affordable care act program that some republicans have opposed . the payments — known as cost - sharing reduction payments — reimburse insurance companies for spending on copayments and deductibles that they ' re required by law to offer to low - income customers . the congressional budget office estimates the payments this year would be about $ 7 billion . trump has said he will end the reimbursements , which he calls " bailouts , " and has been asking companies to wonder month to month about whether they will accept the payments . a white house spokesman says trump is " working with his staff and his cabinet to address the issues raised by the csr negotiations . " the u . s . department of health and human services says it is offering the additional time so insurance companies can plan ahead in case the president decides to end the payments . in a memo released , the agency said many states are now requiring companies to submit their returns for 2018 on the assumption that they will' to be reimbursed . ' companies say that without the cost - sharing payments , their rates could see double - digit increases . for example , blue cross blue shield of north carolina says ending the program would push its rates up 14 . 5 % . and marc harrison , ceo of intermountain health , which serves 173 , 000 people in idaho and montana , says the changes could be " catastrophic . " still , harrison says , his company will stick with the obamacare plan . " these are our people . we ' re not going anywhere . we ' re going to keep trying to figure this out . " the leaked memo says " there have been no changes regarding hhs ' s ability to make cost - sharing premium payments to insurers . " . it also says the agency intends to expand the aca ' s risk management program to compensate for the loss of cost - sharing payments . the changes are technical and vague , but david jost , professor emeritus at washington & lee university ' s law school , says in his public affairs blog that the memo just ##ifies the confusion . " we still do not know if all of this is needed or not — the trump administration has not made up its mind , " he says . the cost - sharing payments havebeen at the center of a political battle over the affordable care act since then until trump took office . some republicans opposed to the medicare payments sued then - president barack obama , saying the payments were illegal because congress hadn ' t appropriated money for them . a judge agreed but ordered the government to continue making the payments during an appeal . now that trump is in the white house , and his efforts to repeal and amend the affordable care act have failed , many republicans are urging the administration to stop the payments rather than undermine the health care markets .