the trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for america ' s car and light truck fleet . the environmental protection agency and the transportation agency have opened the public comment period on the implementation of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022 - 2025 . " we are moving forward with an ongoing and comprehensive review of these standards , consistent with the timeframe defined by our regulations , " epa spokesman scott pruitt said friday . the 45 - day period allows for the public to comment on issues and proposed changes . the average fuel economy rules were first put into place during the opec oil crisis in the 1970s . during the obama administration , the cafe rules were revised in the wake of the oil crisis and the car industry bankruptcies . the new standards called for an increased tax on new vehicles . low fuel prices and low sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards difficult , especially for those becoming more dependent on larger vehicles . earlier this year , the epa announced it would make a decision late in the obama administration to make the changes permanent . the auto alliance has made the decision to change the fuel standards . with the announcement , mitch bainwol , president and ceo of the auto alliance, a group of auto manufacturers , said , " the administration is fulfilling its obligation to open the national evaluation of future car fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions . " environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move . " by reopening the national evaluation , epa is pushing back questions that have already been asked and answered , " said consumers union , the policy division of consumer reports . jennifer baker - branstetter with consumer ' s union says her organization ' s studies show people want to save money on gas . according to a recent survey , 70 percent of americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency . baker - branstetter says adds " in fact , consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the cars and fuels they ' ve been gravitating toward in recent years . " " what kind of review may or may not be needed is far from clear " , says stephanie brinley , an automotive analyst , ihs markit . the agencies are expected to review the data used to make the determination , specifically taking into account consumer behavior , she says . the public comment period allows the car ##makers and others to lobby to keep or make changes . " pressures from new regulatory requirements and public interest in reducing carbon emissions are expected to beto be sure , " brinley says . even if the u . s . gives up , she says , the movement toward higher standards will still continue in other countries . already this year , several countries said they would ban the use of gasoline vehicles entirely within europe . some experts believe that scaling back fuel standards could jeopardize the long term future for gasoline vehicles .