on saturday , employees of bp in alaska discovered an uncontrolled gas leak in an oil and gas well on alaska ' s north slope , near the community of deadhorse . soon after , they noticed that the well was still spraying a mist of crude oil . bp reported the leak and formed a " unified command , " which included responders from alaska ' s department of fire protection , the u . s . environmental protection agency , and the north slope council . the well vented gas throughout the weekend . by sunday , the crude was no longer leaking , and workers were able to activate a safety valve that reduced the pressure of the gas . on monday , nearly two weeks after the leak was discovered , adec announced the unified command had to work to " kill " the gas overnight and end the gas leak . " the area impacted was reduced to gravel , " says candice bressler , spokesperson for adec . " there have been no reports of impacted areas . " oil wells were located on about 1 . 5 acres of the well ' s drill pad , according to the associated press . the community of nuiqsut , several miles west of the site , had been notified of the leak , but was not evacuated . " investigators determined that the well wasn '' up , ' had it , " 3 – 4 feet ; this vertical movement of the well caused the pressure vessel to fall , and prevented water from flowing into the well to kill it , " adec said . bp began drilling in the offshore prudhoe bay oil field in 1968 . it has generated more than 10 billion barrels of oil , according to bp , and remains one of north america ' s largest oil fields . the spill occurred amid efforts to increase production from aging wells and reach new levels in the north slope ' s oil fields , said bloomberg : " north slope production rose to 565 , 000 barrels per day in 2014 , its highest level since december 2013 . that ' s still down by almost three - quarters from the peak of more than 100 million barrels in the late 1990s . " in a 2011 settlement with the department of energy , bp agreed to pay a $ 25 million civil penalty and carry out a " system - wide integrity management program " after it spilled more than 100 , 000 barrels of crude oil from its pipelines on alaska ' s north slope in 2006 . two years later , bp agreed to pay more than $ 20 billion in damages for the 2010 deepwater horizon disaster and oil spill in the gulf of alaska .