it ' s a series of gatherings for those who treasure the spoken and written word . sherry ann wagner founded the gatherings , and they grew out of her love for literature . because of that , she spent a lifetime collecting and reading books . recently , she gave them all away . " those books have found a home in the hotel emma at the moment , " she says of the cozy little library in the hotel ' s lobby . kafka himself grew up in arkansas , where front porch storytelling and music made the pre - air conditioning summer nights not just tolerable , but magical . " we would all sit on my great grandparent ' s front porch and listen to music and drink ice cream , " sherry ann says . she says that those front porch storytelling nights were great indeed . " you were sitting out there and anybody who happened to pass by would just come up and sit on the porch with you , " she says . " very often a story would be told that would start out with ' well i met ol ' bill so - and - so yesterday and he told me this wonderful story . ' " in the spirit of that story , she would read an anthology from chosen authors in the hotel emma ' s lobby . " we would alla story , one from a great american woman writer of the 20th century , " kafka wagner says . " what better thing than having katherine ann porter , eudora welty , carson mccullough and flannery o ' conner read those stories . " the next four days , miss wagner will read excerpts from those authors along with a commentary and announce that tomorrow , the daily storytelling will begin . " we will begin at 6 : 30 a . m . and go to 8 o ' clock , " she says . " admission is $ 15 which covers cocktails and dinner . there ' s something very special about reading a story , and thinking about the person who wrote the story . " and in so doing , the daily exercise of storytelling becomes a musical experience . " i used to say that in my family it didn ' t matter so much if you were musical or funny , but it mattered a lot if you were funny or musical . " for kafka wagner , that family tradition lives on .