the opioid crisis is declared officially as a “ national emergency ” by the president . does this open the floodgates for more funding , more action ? last week , the president said he ’ s declaring a national epidemic of opioid abuse . what might that mean ? the details are still to come , but the country is reeling . 100 , 000 drug - related deaths predicted for the next year . that ’ means a 9 / 11 every three years , says chris smith , chairman of the nonprofit ’ national commission on opioid abuse . so , if there ’ s an emergency level one , where will that focus ? the treatment ? the drugs ? on the cure ? this hour on point : the president “ an emergency ” on opioids . — from ashbrook guests lenny bernstein , health and medicine columnist for the washington post . ( @ lennymbernstein ) bertha madras , chair of president trump ’ s five - member commission on prescription drug abuse and the opioid crisis . psychobiologist at mclean hospital , and a professor at harvard medical school . jennifer morgan - kelley , executive director of the alcoholism , addiction , and mental health services for hamilton county , ohio . from today ’ s reading list washington post : trump says opioid crisis is a nationalhowever , pledges of money and attention — “ president trump on twitter declared the country ’ the opioid crisis a national emergency , saying the epidemic surpassed anything he had seen with other countries in his presidency . the statement by the president came in response to a question when he spoke to reporters outside a national security briefing at his country club in bedminster , n . j . , where he is on a working vacation . ” financial times : drug industry faces ‘ tidal wave ’ of litigation over opioid abuse — “ companies that manufacture and sell opioid drugs are facing a “ tidal wave ” of litigation as american politicians try to raise funds to fight the country ’ s # ##s and punish those they accuse of fuelling the crisis . the number of government officials launching legal action against drugmakers and wholesalers has increased over the past year in what some analysts see as a hope of a settlement that could pay the more than $ 200bn extracted from the drug industry since 1998 . ” npr : what could happen if trump formally declared opioids a national emergency — “ the president could ask hhs secretary bush to declare an emergency under the public health service act . unlike fema , hhs doesn ’ ##1 have a national emergency plan ( although during the year’ s zika virus outbreak , some have suggested that one be established ) , " resources could be freed up . right now , public health workers and scientists are working on projects funded by grants from price . if price were to declare an emergency , those workers could be redeployed temporarily , from working on community outreach for example , to work on substance abuse issues . ”