after falling to $ 4 , 000 in most markets over the weekend , the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise , topping a record $ 4 , 300 on monday — nearly $ 1 , 000 at that rate a week later , according to data from the coinbase currency exchange . bitcoin fell just below the $ 4 , 300 mark after reaching a record high monday morning , according to most exchanges that track the decentralized market . " the bitcoin market has soared to $ 1 billion , " says cryptocoins magazine , noting that a " flippening " that has been occurring for years in the cryptocurrency market had finally come to pass , as " bitcoin a has a greater market valuation than payment - processing platform paypal . " a bitcoin could be bought for around $ 570 just 12 months ago — representing a rise of around 645 percent to today ' s exchange rate . reporting on the rise , the coindesk site said the market value of the cryptocurrencies reached a record $ 138 billion on monday . the rapid growth can be attributed to a number of factors , from security concerns to a recent split into two currencies — bitcoin a and bitco##in cash . that change , which became effective on oct . 1 , was intended to give the exchange a more robust structure ; it was also tied to a plan to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently . formally introduced in 2009 , bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors . and blockchain , the technology that underlies bitcoin , has been embraced by large corporations and banking giants such as fidelity — which now lets people make investments in cryptocurrency — and goldman sachs . other factors , such as bitcoin ' s role as a hedge against financial uncertainty , also play a role . a finance expert told cnbc that south korea have shown a " surge of interest " in the currency as the u . s . and south korea face threats . the network also reported there ' s strong interest in bitcoin in japan , with the yen accounting for 40 percent of bitcoin currency exchange . it ' s been a hot summer for bitcoin holders . when the yen currency reached a low $ 2 , 420 in japan , the economist ran a story asking , " what if the bitcoin bubble burst ? " and wondering if the rise could be compared to historic bubble crashes — like the one over tulip##s . stated that " anyone clever and ambitious enough to have bought $ 10 , 000 of bitcoins in july 2010 , when the price stood at $ 0 . 05 , would now own a stock worth $ 46 million , " the economist stated that " ascents this high are rarely sustainable " — before concluding , " if there is such a thing as a speculative climb , this is it . "