from texas monthly : on saturday , members of the media received a press release saying : “ today charlottesville , at texas a & m . ” the message came from a group attending a white lives matter rally for white nationalist richard spencer , scheduled to take place on the campus of the same university . there ' s plenty of discussion on social media , and a counter - protest has already been planned . adam key , the organizer of btho hate , says the counter - protest will be non - violent and is meant to challenge the racist and bigoted views held by spencer . earlier , key organized a protest to the spencer event last december on campus , but the protesters weren ’ t allowed into the main student center where he was speaking . “ the purpose of our protest was not to get in and disrupt his speech . … we just wanted to use our free speech to collectively represent our opposition to his ideas , ” key says . " in the midst of events like charlottesville , when the stakes seem highest for opposition groups like btho hate , everyone says peaceful protest is the most sensible thing to do . “ we know that people are afraid after charlottesville … and really , if we don ’ ##t show up because we ’ are afraid , then they ’ ve already seen ,” he says . but there was violence in charlottesville : a car plowed through a group of counter - protesters , killing one person and injuring dozens . people are blaming the police for not doing enough to prevent physical clashes , but key says he ’ s confident the same thing won ’ t happen at a & m . “ i have great faith in the good men and women of the local police department . … i think just like december , we ’ ll have the police there and i believe the fbi was there this year as well , ” he says . for good measure , btho hate ’ s rally will take place at a distance from the spencer event . and there will be what key calls " “ brick wall , ” like a human barrier , that will obscure the ’ outside of the white lives matter rally . “ our plan is to let the spencer events separate events , to discourage the type of physical violence that happened in charlottesville , ” he says . whatever btho hate does to prevent violence , the spencer event and counter - protest will likely draw extensive media attention , which could raise questions . key is aware of that danger , but says it ’ is still important his group speaks up to promote inclusivity , especially because of a & m ’ ##1 historicalexclusion of black students . “ it ’ s incredibly important as aggies that we stand up and say that our campus welcomes all races , nationalities , colors , religions and sexual orientations . but the one thing we don ’ ##t welcome is hatred and violence . by remaining silent , we basically do nothing and we allow evil to go on , ” he says . directed by david covington .