at the federal courthouse in manhattan , a prominent cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware used to steal personal financial information . before these accusations , marcus " was recognized for his role in finding the " kill switch " to the wannacry ransomware cyber - attack in may that " hit over 150 countries , " npr ' s leila fadel reported . after marcus ' s hearing , marcus ' lawyer marcia hofmann described him as a " brilliant young man and a hero , " and said that " when the truth comes to him , we are confident he will be fully recovered . " the fbi took him into custody earlier this month in las vegas , where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference . in 2016 , a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co - defendant on six counts , from october 2014 to july 2015 . the indictment accuses hutchins of creating the malware , which is called kronos . the two co - defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it . he was charged with " one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse , three counts of creating and selling an electronic communication interception device , one count of conspiracy tointercept ##ing communications , and one convicted of attempting to access a computer without authorization , " as leila said . she added that " members of his family were shocked at the charges , because they ran counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of crime . he was " granted bail on 14 august . $ 10 , 000 . . . was donated by friends and family , " according to the bbc . but his release came with two conditions , as detailed by the associated press : " his bond has been modified so that he can stay in los angeles with his attorney and travel anywhere in the u . s . , but he cannot leave the country . he was also granted access to use a computer for work , a change from an earlier judge ' s order barring him from using a device with access to the internet . hutchins has been working for a network security company , according to prosecutors , who did not consider allowing him access to a computer for work . " " he is required to have a computer monitor , but [ federal judge william ] duffin says the court will consider removing that requirement once hutchins has purchased a computer in los angeles and is satisfied with the terms of his release . " the wire service adds that the courthearing is scheduled for sept . 1st .