merck ceo kenneth frazier served on president trump ' s national security council , saying , " i feel a responsibility to take a stand against violence and extremism . " the resignation came after trump was criticized for his response to the protests at white supremacist rallies in charlottesville , va . , over the issue . the president , famous for his ability to be direct and blunt , was criticized for condemning violence " on both sides . " within an hour of merck announcing frazier ' s withdrawal , trump retorted on twitter , " now that ken frazier of merck pharma has resigned . . . we will have more time to negotiate ripoff drug deals ! " in a statement announcing his resignation , frazier said , " america ' s leaders will honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of racism , bigotry and group hatred , which run counter to the american belief that all people are created equal . " frazier , who is african - american , said he was resigning as both the ceo of merck and " as a matter of personal preference . " the rift did not seem to harm merck ' s stock : the new company ' s shares fell by almost a full percentage point in the first hour of trading , to approximately $ 500 . 00 ofhis own supporters have called on trump to condemn frazier ' s killing of a woman who had been protesting white supremacy as an act of domestic terrorism . the white house later stated that trump was condemning " white nationalist , white neo - nazi and all extremist groups " in his remarks about the shooting . frazier ' s departure is the latest high - profile exit from a white house advisory panel since trump took office in january . after trump announced in june that the u . s . would be joining the paris climate agreement , both tesla , elon , and disney ceo bob iger left his presidential advisory panel . days earlier , in june , uber co - founder travis kalanick left the advisory panel during the fallout from trump ' s executive order that banned immigrants from certain muslim countries . " the executive order is affecting many people and countries all across america , " kalanick said at the time .