they stormed the turkish cafe building in burkina faso ' s capital , ouagadougou , strafing the building with gunfire and locking themselves inside for hours . by the time security forces reclaimed the building at dawn monday , at least four people had been killed and several others wounded , according to security officials . the west african nation ' s foreign minister , remis dandjinou , told cnn international that by noon , two of the attackers had been killed and several foreign nationals were among the dead . in subsequent statements , officials in paris and ankara confirmed the victims include a french citizen and turkish citizen , while another person was injured in the violence . while burkinabe officials blamed the militants for the attack on the turkish cafe , no one else immediately claimed responsibility . " i salute the actions of our security and defense forces whose engagement allowed us to neutralize the terrorists , " burkinabe president roch marc - kabore said in a statement , as reported by cnn . " the struggle against terrorism is a lengthy fight , " he added . " that is why i am calling for peace , unity and determination of the whole country to stand up to the cowardice of our enemies . " in a press conference monday , dandjinou condemned the attacks 'the bloody events , which opened when cnn says that three to four militants rode up to the cafe on motorcycles around 5 a . m . local time . they opened fire on the outside seating area outside and moved indoors , where the new york times notes a group had been celebrating a 9 - year - old boy ' s birthday . the newspaper says the boy was hospitalized with injuries from the attack . for burkinabes , the attack on aziz istanbul cafe , which is popular with tourists , prompts bitter memories of a bloody episode just over 18 months before . in the same day , militants launched an hour - long attack on a luxury hotel and a cafe just blocks away from aziz istanbul , ultimately killing some 20 people before being dislodged by security forces . al - qaida in the islamic maghreb , a terrorist group based in the region , claimed responsibility for that attack — as well as another deadly assault just months later in neighboring mali . islamist groups have been active for years in the sahel region , which includes mali and burkina faso . as groups linked to al - qaida have carried out attacks in the region , the times points out that the united nations assistance mission to mali " has become one of the most dangerous in the region . " the french government — which" burkina faso , then called upper volta , as a colony until 1960 — says president emmanuel ##le met with kabore on monday to discuss the details of the terrorist attack . the pair of leaders also expressed their commitment to the establishment of an international security force in the sahel region to " continue the fight against terrorist groups . "