agencies , including samajwadi party president mulayam singh yadav , fearing a ‘ " led ” by his brother and uttar pradesh chief minister akhilesh yadav , has rushed to delhi to meet the election commission ( ec ) for reviewing the efforts of akhilesh to change the cycle election symbol . mulayam singh yadav , accompanied by his younger brother shivpal yadav and friend amar singh , has reached delhi to meet chief election commissioner ( cec ) nasim zaidi at 1400 hrs . before leaving for new delhi , mulayam ruled out his personal woes . “ you know , i am [UNK] ” the sp chief further stated that the party ’ sabha election symbol has his signature , and there is no chance of anyone getting elected by holding an illegal meeting and toppling . “ i have served this country with great dedication and hard work , but now the people are trying to throw me out . “ [UNK] [UNK] hamesha mera sath diya hai , ek koi bhrashtachar ya galat kaam nahi kiya . ilzaam laga bhi toh , ne mujhe bari kiya hai ( everyone has always supported me . i have never done any corruption or wrong .. once an appeal was made against me , but the supreme court has given me a ( stay ) , ” he said . earlier , mulayam had also held his party national conference here on january 5 , but his father and the cm put it together not to give permission to hold any meeting at the government venue . the meeting was slated to be held at the janeshwar mishra park , where a meeting was held later to declare akhilesh as the party ’ s national president , replacing mulayam . shivpal singh yadav , who was appointed by akhilesh as the state party chief , had told the media that the january 5 meeting has been cancelled . however , he did not give any specific reason for the cancellation . the january 5 was cancelled after akhilesh was declared the sp ’ ##p national president , in place of mulayam . there were also reports that the state government had refused to give permission to hold any meeting at the janeshwar mishra park . it seems that the gap is still not bridged . last night , even when mulayam complained of high blood pressure , akhilesh had stayed at the family bungalow , did not rush to see his father . akhilesh said , “ sometimes toprotect the people you love , you must make the right decision . what i faced was a difficult decision , but 1 had to take action for the betterment of the party and the party is ” .