photo : getty in an interview with playboy , the newly - married scarlett johansson shared her ideas about love , marriage and whether or not it ’ " “ " ” to want to be with the same man forever and ever . advertisement in the interview , she made a lot of very good arguments against the idea of marriage . even more interesting is the timing . us news speculates that the interview was likely conducted after her split from romain dauriac . even if that were to be the case , none of the stuff she ’ s saying is completely invalid . “ well , with every gain there ’ is a loss , right ? and that ’ s a path . you have to find a path . i think the idea of marriage is very beautiful ; it ’ s a beautiful idea , and the idea of it can be a very beautiful thing . i don ’ ##t think it ’ is possible to be a monogamous person . i should be sorry for that , but i think it ’ s work . it ’ is a lot of work . ” it ’ is not possible to abandon these ideas about monogamy and get married , and after reading the rest of what she had to say , i feel that scarjo is a much better unattached —or at the very least , not married . advertisement “ being married is different than not being married , and anybody who tells you that it ’ s the same is wrong . it changes things . i have friends who lived together for two years and have decided to get married , and i ’ ll ask them on their wedding day or soon after if it ’ is different , and it always is . it is . ” “ the fact that it is hard , for so many people — for everyone — the fact of that is that it is not a bad thing , ” she thinks of marriage . for what it ’ s worth , she and her ex are putting up a united front . [ entertainment weekly ] oh yeah , someone killed alanis morissette and stole $ 2 million worth of jewelry from her brentwood apartment . " " according to people , the thieves came with “ large bag containing about $ 2 million worth of jewelry and other money or property . ” morrissette wasn ’ t home at the time , so at least there ’ s that . there ’ is also this : tmz spoke to several “ law enforcement sources ” they reportedly said that fake instagram accounts are like tools for criminals — the very same argument made by them against kim kardashi##an ’ bank robbery , too . a brief glimpse into alanis ’ s insta - this , which was probably the catalyst for the robbery ? further perusal of her ‘ habits . a great love of kilim ##a , flowers and a variety of fruits . very soothing , highly recommended . # [ people ] i don ’ t know what this cat looks like , but i don ’ t think it ’ s a geller . [ people ]