available via getty . prince ’ s unexpected death last summer was from an accidental overdose on the opioid receptor . six days preceding his death , prince overdosed on the drug , and had to be hospitalized in a hospital for an emergency surgery . search documents filed for oak park , prince ’ and minnesota home , have since been unsealed , revealing what seems to have been a complicated system used to send money to the beloved home . advertisement kare 11 reports that the documents , which were made available this morning , show that the pharmacy bottles found in prince ’ s home have the name of his longtime bodyguard , kirk johnson , on the label . investigators have been unable to determine the use of drugs for prince after examining his toxicology report , but did discover prescriptions of oxycodone written for johnson and approved by dr . michael von schulenberg . the documents also list the pills found on the bottles : - 5 white capsules ( watson 853 ) discovered in the second floor dressing room - cvs pharmacy bottle under the name of kirk johnson / 7 white capsules - 8 green white pills inside suitcase in dressing room / second floor - pharmacy bottle / 5 white pills with watson 853 - aleve bottle with 20 ½tablet labeled watson 853 - prescription for people without drugs ( rehab center ) watson 853 is an acetaminophen / hydrocodone pill hybrid . other tablets mislabeled as “ " pills ” were also found with cocaine / hydrocodone pills , and they were found throughout the house : the police also searched prince ’ s suitcase — which was the one found with the narcotics ##tore ( in prescription pill form under johnson ’ s name ) — had the name tag of “ peter bravestrong ” — an assumed name authorities believe prince used when he traveled in an effort to protect his privacy . lyrics for the song , “ u got the look , ” were also found in that suitcase , written in prince ’ s handwriting . the new york daily news reported that dr . schulenberg told police that he wrote prescriptions under johnson ’ s name to protect prince ’ s privacy . johnson , who had worked for prince since the late eighties , told investigators that he had no idea that prince had a pill addiction , but the day before the singer ’ s death he went to a walgreens to pick up a prescription for him . he said it was the first time he ’ had been sent on such an errand .