image via getty . carrie fisher ’ her death was significant to so many because her courage and honesty about her life made her feel like someone you ’ ve known all your life , an old and wonderful old friend . the words of her actual best friend supports some of those feelings . " for a tribute published in the hollywood reporter writer , mark hamill shared some fond memories of getting to know carrie fisher as a young man and the joy of having his life be linked to hers through the star wars franchise . before shooting with fisher began , hamill called the production office to set up a meeting between them so he could get to know her , and it sounds like she knew how to make new friends : you know , she was 19 years old at the time . she was a young woman . and i was like , “ oh my god , it ’ ll be like working with a high school girl . ” ' she was just bubbling over . i mean she was just so instantly warm and funny and outspoken . she had a way of just being so ... candid . and ’ had just met her but it was like talking to a person you ’ had known for ten years . she was telling me stuff about her childhood , about her family, about eddie fisher — it was very detailed in its detail . i kept thinking , “ should i know this ? ” i mean , i wouldn ’ t have shared that with somebody that i had trusted for years and years and years . but she was the one . she just sucked you into her world . most of his anecdotes are similar to the goofy memories you might have of your own social ##ite ’ and hijinks , when they were on the set of one of the most famous movies of all time : " and at dinner she said , “ you should put on my jumpsuit . ” i mean , “ the two - piece white suit ? you ’ , what , like ’ 2 ” ? i ’ ll never fit in ! ” she said , “ " try . ” i put on that princess leia white princess suit and it was so tight i looked like a vegas lounge singer . if that wasn ’ t bad enough , she made me put on one of those white eagle suits with the bozo hair and ears and all and then she walked me around the parking lot . hamill alludes to times when he and fisher were in conflict , and times when they “ hated each other ’ s guts . ” ##nally , fisher said , “that ’ is all part of what makes a relationship work . it ’ s not all my thing . like i said , she was a bitch . she was high maintenance . but my life would have been so much easier and less interesting if she hadn ’ ##t been the friend that she was . ” you can read the whole story here . sponsored update 4 : 02 pm : carrie fisher ’ s friend , billie lourd , posted a message on instagram , as well , thanking me for the support during an extremely difficult time . she wrote : thanks .