photo : getty in a recent interview , best supporting actress nominee octavia spencer gently reminds the reader that this year ’ s oscar nominees are not a direct reaction to last year ’ nominee # oscarssowhite brouhaha because that ’ s not how they work . advertisement she sat down with deadline ’ editor joe utchi to talk about her role in hidden figures with the candor and grace she has become known for . and , much like moonlight ’ s naomie harris did in new york last week , she quickly shot down the notion that this in ’ a spate of films featuring people of color is a reaction to last year ’ , all - black oscar nominations . and now you connect that with the actual discussions we ’ re having in the studio today . this year has offered an eclectic array of movies that some have even addressed # oscarssowhite . i know that ’ s what you guys are thinking , but when you ask how they are thinking , the inclusion of films with people of color is not a reaction to # oscarssowhite . i know , and i don ’ t like to say that . but when you see a movie like hidden figures , i think that it ’ s a sign that these kinds of stories don ’ 'not me personally . i know that i have projects coming up , and i know that todd [ davis ] and taraji [ p . henson ] have projects coming up . i know idris elba is headlining a few projects , and i hope mahershala ##n and andre holland and david oyelowo have projects coming up . and now , you know , i ’ am taking a more active role in this , and so is hillary . i can ’ t see this project as an isolated one , but then , i thought hillary was going to be there , so i can ’ ##ly tell you for sure . referring to the way that the public pays via their money and what money they choose to make with it , she presented a simple argument for seeing more of the diversity being present on screen . advertisement i think , when i look at the people that are underrepresented in the film industry , i ’ ve got to tell you , if i go down a list of people on a film , and it doesn ’ ##t have gay , african - american or latin characters , i ’ am probably not going to put my money on the film . i ’ m going to be real honest with you . i have enough of the homogeneity , and i don ’ 'and to support it with my dollar . and when we start doing things with our money that don ’ ##t represent all of us , then you ’ ll see an explosion of art . this is about reaching people that you wouldn ’ t normally reach . it ’ s about bringing us together . other topics discussed include how she always believed the true story of historical events was “ historical fiction , ” the power of love and the true meaning of life . for spencer herself , it was a fantasy . read the book here .