at syracuse , switzer began corresponding with arnie briggs , a mail carrier in syracuse who was also an avid runner . briggs , however , argued that women were “ too much ” to run the race , but switzer was determined to prove him wrong . when she began running 10 - minute mile races , briggs conceded and encouraged her to sign up for boston marathon . she signed up as “ k . c . switzer ” " with arnie , her husband tom briggs , and another inc . advertisement but when jock semple , the race co - organizer , discovered a woman had run in the marathon , he was furious . in the middle of the race , semple tried to grab switzer and physically knock her down . “ he was screaming at me and screaming , ‘ get the fuck out of my way and give me that bitch , ’ ” switzer told deadspin in 2015 . “ arnie was screaming at me , and then tom smashed him out of the race . ” the event was captured by photographer john trask , instantly turning switzer into an icon . but switzer wasn ’ t the only woman — or even the first — to complete the boston marathon that year . bobbi gibb , who had won the race back in 1966 , was not themarathon in 1967 and finished ahead of switzer at 3 : 27 : 15 . however , gibb did not register for the race , and according to switzer , therefore did not guarantee the financial future of semple ’ s women - only program . semple disqualified switzer from the race and the amateur athletic union suspended her and miller . she sponsored switzer , who was suspended simply for refusing to register , became an outspoken feminist , and helped break the long - standing taboo against women in long distance running . in a 1985 interview with wbz - tv , she said , “ i thought , ‘ this is going to change my life , is going to change women ’ the sports and change the world . ’ ” the boston marathon officially opened to women in 1972 . that same year , sex discrimination law title ix was signed into law , allowing more women to join cross country and track and field teams at college . in 1984 , the ncaa introduced the olympic women ’ s marathon . switzer went on to run 39 races and organized the boston international marathon series , a series of women ’ s - only races . in 1974 , she won the new york city marathon . in 1975 , she returned to boston and placed second , break her own record with a time of 2 : 51 :marathon . in 2011 , she was inducted into the national women ’ runners hall of fame . cnn reported that the boston marathon will retire switzer ’ s old bib number in her honor . “ fifty years later , women make up almost half the field at boston . it ’ s a phenomenal annual event , and it never was in my life , ” switzer told time magazine . “ to be back in boston to remember that moment , the moment where it all began , is extremely gratifying and exciting . ”