newport beach , calif . ( ap ) — three people were killed and two injured when a helicopter crashed into a house in a suburban southern california neighborhood just a few minutes after taking off , johnson said . the helicopter crashed into the house with such force that it was barely visible . the crushed metal landed in a heap on the side of the house , its tail fin sticking out of the roof of a nearby home and its six - foot wing lying in the street in front of yet another home . " all of a sudden the house just shook and i thought , ' oh my gosh , we ' re having an accident , ' " said roger michaels , who lived near the home in a retirement community in newport beach where the helicopter crashed . roger johnson was doing some woodwork when he heard the chopping sound of a helicopter ' s rotating blades and then a loud crash across the street . " i turned to look out of the window and that ' s when i saw this piece of metal flying through the air and hitting a bush and a door , " johnson said . " then i heard a scream — a really for - real horror movie , like something horrible had happened . " johnson rushed to the scene and told residents to stop trying to roll over and move over .four people were aboard the bell r44 ##0 when it went down . all four were among those killed or injured , and one person who was on the ground or outside of the house was seriously injured , long beach fire and rescue officials said . they did not say which was which , or give any specifics about the injuries . audrey ellis , who lived next to the house where the crash occurred , was not home at the time but said her neighbors told her they were in the kitchen when the helicopter hit the roof of their house . " it ' s so tragic , " she said , adding that her neighbors weren ' t home . " i ' m so thankful . " the helicopter had taken off from john wayne airport , said ian gregor , a spokesman with the federal aviation administration . the airport is about a mile ( 1 . 6 km ) from the crash site . the faa and the national transportation safety board are investigating the crash . calls seeking comment from bell aviation , which is based at the airport and operated the aircraft , were not immediately returned . the company offers helicopter and airplane tours , the use of aircraft for training and research , as well as charter flights .