a new malware campaign is making its way into america through a malicious powerpoint email attachment , trend micro research has said . according to the post , cve - 2017 - 0199 also utilizes rtf technology , and this is the first time it has been seen to put powerpoint on show in the wild . the malware comes in an email that claims to be from a company that sells electronics . the email asks the company to see the order and asks for them to pay gas , insurance , and travel ( cif ) and free on demand ( tip ) prices as well . due to the targeted nature of the email , as the criminals are typically going after electronics companies , the post said , the email is now considered a computer phishing attack . in the attached file provided by trend micro , the attachment is titled po - 483848 . ppsx . in that case , it could be short for purchase order , in an attempt to increase the perceived legitimacy of the powerpoint file . source : new ways to defeat fileless malware . if the attacker opens the attached file , there will be no purchase order , or even any other email claiming to be genuine . it simply reads : cve - 2017 - 8570 . that ' s the number ofthe microsoft vulnerability , the post said , is not the one that this particular malware is targeting . powerpoint then initializes the malicious moniker and runs the malicious payload , the post said . if successful , it will download an xml file from the server . some javascript contained in that xml file contains a powershell command that downloads and loads a remote access command . at this point , the attacker will be able to execute remote commands on the attacker ' s machine . " the software ' s features are quite comprehensive , and includes a download & load command , a keylogger , a screen logger , and support for a webcam and microphone , " the post said . the biggest problem for this particular attack is the fact that it comes by way of the powerpoint software . most current detection methods rely on the rtf detection method , and that means attackers utilizing the ppsx software could have an easier time avoiding antivirus detection , the post said . to protect against attacks like this one , businesses should make sure that their systems are regularly patched and updated to account for all possible attacks . also , businesses should be thoroughly tested on proper security practices and email etiquette . the 3 big issues for techrepublic were athe latest phishing campaign is using powerpoint presentations to verify the cve - 2017 - 0199 and deliver malware to users . if a user clicks on the attached file , it will open a remote access program , and could give attackers access to a user ' s keystrokes , screen , webcam , and microphone . this should make systems secure and alert users on the attackers behavior regarding attachments and requests from outside parties . keep reading , click here to subscribe to the techrepublic cybersecurity insider newsletter . # ##s to