melcroft , pa . ( ap ) — in a story jan . 29 about the shooting deaths of four people at a car wash , the associated press , based on information from the police , misspelled the first name of one of the four victims . she was cortney snyder , not courtney . a corrected version of the story is below : the story : police look at phone records at the wash . police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends wound up at a pennsylvania self - serve car wash in the early morning hours , where a man lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide melcroft , pa . ( ap ) — the story on the deadly shooting at a pennsylvania car wash ( 2 times local ) : 3 : 15 p . m . police are focusing on phone records to try to piece together how a group of friends wound up at a pennsylvania self - serve car wash in the early morning hours , where a gunman lying in wait killed four and injured one who managed to hide . the victim , 28 - year - old timothy smith , suffered a gunshot wound to the head in the sunday shooting at ed ' s car wash in melcroft , a rural town about 55 miles ( 89 kilometers ) south ofm . he is on life support and isn ' t expected to survive . victim family members say smith was a jealous ex - boyfriend of victim chelsie snyder . vicki snyder says smith was always polite . she says he lived at home and helped out with her sister who used a wheelchair after a car accident a few years ago . _ _ _ _ a . m . family members of the victims of the shooting at a pennsylvania car wash say the man suspected of gunning down three people was driven by jealousy . state police say 28 - year - old timothy smith opened fire early sunday morning at ed ' s car wash in saltlick township , a rural town about 55 miles ( 89 kilometers ) southeast of pittsburgh . twenty - seven - year - old william porterfield , 25 - year - old chelsie cline , 23 - year - old cortney snyder and 21 - year - old seth snyder were all killed . smith was on life support , and was expected to survive despite suffering a gunshot wound to his head . state police say it ' s possible that the gunshot wound was self - inflicted . police would not reveal how they knew the victims , but chelsie snyder ' s half - sister , jennifer kolarik , told the pittsburgh tribune - reviewthat smith had developed an obsession with cline .