san francisco ( ap ) — amid record - setting heat in the state ' s summer , california ' s water managers will monitor the sierra nevada snowpack , which supplies water to california . department of water resources officials will return to the mountains thursday to check the # ##pack , one gauge of the state ' s water quality . the sensors show snow levels are about one - third of normal . at the height of california ' s recently ended five - year drought , gov . jerry brown ordered 100 percent water conservation in cities and towns and declared a drought emergency . heavy rains in northern california last february finally snapped the drought , and he declared the emergency over in march . but the drought never really seemed to end in the southern california areas , said david swain , a climate scientist with the university of california , los angeles . los angeles received only one single rain in almost the last six months . in ventura and santa barbara counties , which are about 100 miles ( 161 kilometers ) north of los angeles , the lack of rain and dry vegetation provided the fuel for a massive fire that proved to be the largest fire in california history . when it finally rained , the scorched earth turned into massive mudslides . the most comprehensive weekly u . s . drought monitor , a publication of the nationalthis and others , shows only small patches of the state , including southern california , in the mildest category of drought . that compares to 2014 and 2015 , two of the worst years in history in california , when much of the state was listed as in the most severe categories of drought . in the middle of the state ' s winter rain and snow season , heavy rain is in the forecast . in southern california , " it really is pretty grim , " said swain , who has tracked the stubborn weather patterns blocking rain from the state ' s south for years . doug carlson , spokesman for the state ' s department of natural resources , which carried out the snowpack survey , said the winter weather is a major concern , although reservoirs are still higher than expected thanks to last year ' s rain in northern california . considerations of what constitutes a drought vary , and include : temperature , the quality of waterways , the dryness , and other factors . the decision to declare a winter drought , if the state remains dry , or not , would be subject to brown .