meanwhile , zimbabwe ( ap ) — pakistan had five balls to spare when they beat zimbabwe by seven wickets on wednesday and eliminated the pakistani ##s from the twenty20 tri - series tournament . solomon mire missed out on the chance to become zimbabwe ' s first run - scorer in a t20 , but his 94 - run haul carried zimbabwe to 162 - 4 . captain john masakadza won his first toss in the tri - series and his team was sent in to bat . opener fakhar ali ( 47 ) and hussain talat ( 42 ) lifted zimbabwe to 163 - 4 in 50 . 5 overs against an australian bowling attack as pakistan recorded its first win against zimbabwe . it was zimbabwe ' s third consecutive win . australia played against pakistan on thursday before both teams meet in sunday ' s final . mire was out against pakistan ' s full - strength attack as right - arm fast bowler mohammad amir ( 1 - 14 ) played his first game of the tournament and replaced usman khan . he and cephas zhuwao ( 33 ) provided a solid opening partnership of 38 runs before tarisai musakanda ( 33 ) added 37 runs for the second wicket with ali . ali , who hit six sixes and six fours , made his half - centuryoff 32 balls when he hoisted left - arm spinner mohammad nawaz for a single run long off in the 16th over . pakistan struggled for victory despite seamer faheem ashraf ( 1 - 24 ) and leg - spinner shadab khan ( 1 - 25 ) bowling a good four overs each in the 20 overs . mire looked set to become the first pakistani ##an to score a century in international twenty20 when he was out at the mid - wicket off seamer talat in the 18th over — only one ball after asif ali missed a catch at deep square leg . he also featured in two catches during pakistan ' s innings as he took a fine catch in the slips to dismiss haris sohail . he then gave zaman a second century through his bowling pace when the left - hander was caught at mid - wicket . captain sarfraz ahmed ( 14 not out ) and bowler shoaib ahmed ( 12 not out ) maintained their form and carried pakistan through . ahmed was not happy with his bowlers , saying it " was not up to the mark , they had to work hard . "