meridian ( ap ) — a police department in the lansing , michigan , that had an agreement to drop criminal charges in 2004 against larry nassar and will publicly apologize to the victim who accused the doctor of molesting her during treatment for an abnormal pregnancy , an official said wednesday . meridian township will extend the investigation thursday to brianne randall - gay and make changes in how it handles sexual assault investigations , township commissioner john walsh said . nassar , who was a sports doctor at michigan state university and usa gymnastics , convinced police that he had performed a surgical procedure with his penis and only had a powerpoint presentation to explain . the case was dropped , thus allowing him to continue to abuse girls and young women , including olympians , for years until his death in 2016 . a total of 265 women and girls have said they were assaulted . " we missed it . we ' re not going to forget it . we were there , " walsh said . the township released the 2004 police report on randall - gay ' s case against nassar . walsh said the township was told to withhold information from the public until nassar was sentenced last week to up to 50 years in prison for sexually assaulted young women and girls in ingham county . the sentencing is underway this week ina similar case involved eaton county . in 2004 , randall - gay was 17 when she and her mother visited nassar to receive treatment for scoliosis , a disease of the spine . he referred her to physical therapy but visited her again , this time later . randall - gay had a back injury . but she told police that nassar had removed her underwear , had touched her genitals with his hands and touched her breasts — all without permission . " she thought it was ' gross ' and it ' freaked her out , ' " the police chief said . nassar told police he applied pressure to the " knee , " " a slang name for an area between the legs , and that it was done to stimulate the nerve , according to the report . nassar provided a pdf copy of a powerpoint presentation about the surgical procedure , titled " the grand junction . " there ' s no evidence that he shared his detailed report with an outside expert . the case was closed . walsh said details about the case will be discussed during a news conference , with the police chief and randall - gay , who now lives in washington state . eaton county arranged for her to travel to michigan to testify at nassar ' s sentencing last year . back in 2004 , nassar " had theaudacity to tell ( him ) i needed the treatment because he was not concerned with my body , " randall - gay said . it was not the only investigation over the years . the michigan state university police investigation ended in 2014 with no charges filed . an investigation by the university , conducted under federal sexual - assault law , cleared nassar of assault . _ _ _ follow ed white , https : / / twitter . com / edwhiteap