= glorious first of june = the glorious first of june ( also known in france as the bataille du 13 ##e an ##s ##e ile de prairial ) [ plan a ] of 1794 was the first and only fleet action of the naval conflict between the kingdom of great britain and the first french republic during the french revolutionary wars . the action was the result of a campaign that had criss @ - @ crossed the bay of biscay during the previous month in which both sides had lost numerous merchant ##men and other vessels and had engaged in two major , but inconclusive , naval actions . the british channel fleet under admiral lord howe attempted to block the passage of a large french grain convoy from the united states , which was intercepted by the french mediterranean fleet , commanded by admiral @ - @ admiral villaret @ - @ joyeuse . the two forces met in the atlantic ocean , about 400 nautical miles ( 700 km ) south of the french port of ushant on 13 june 1794 . during the battle , howe defied naval convention by ordering his fleet to sail towards the french and for each of his ships to rake and sink their immediate targets . this particular order was not obeyed by any of his commanders , and as a result his attack was more successful than he intended . nevertheless , his fleet inflicted a major tactical defeat on the french fleet . in the aftermath of the battle both fleets were severely shattered ; in no condition for further action , howe and villaret returned to their home ports . by losing seven of his ships of the line , villaret had bought enough time for the french grain convoy to reach safety unimpeded by howe ' s fleet , achieving a strategic success . however , howe was soon forced to withdraw his entire fleet back to brest , leaving the british fleet to pursue a policy of blockade for the remainder of the war . in the immediate aftermath both sides claimed victory and the outcome of the battle was seized upon by the press of both sides as a demonstration of the skill and bravery of their respective navies . the glorious first of june presented a number of the major problems inherent in the french and british fleets at the start of the napoleonic wars . both admirals were faced with opposition from their captains , along with poor @ - @ discipline and poor training among their shorthanded crews , and they failed to command their fleets effectively during the height of the conflict . = = = = = since early 1792 france had been at war with all of its neighbours on two occasions , battling austriaand prussia in the austrian netherlands , and the austrians and piedmontese in italy . on 2 january 1793 , almost a year into the french revolutionary wars , the @ - @ held . at brest , france fired on the british brig hms childers . [ note b ] a few months later , following the execution of the french king louis xvi , diplomatic relations between britain and france were broken . on 1 february france declared war on great britain and the dutch republic . protected from immediate attack by the english channel , britain prepared for an extensive naval campaign and sent ships to the mediterranean for service against the french . for the remainder of 1793 , the british and french navies conducted joint operations in european waters , the mediterranean and the west and east indies , where both nations maintained neutrality . the closest the channel fleet had come to an engagement was when it had narrowly missed routing the french fleet from the mediterranean , escorted by 15 ships of the line on 1 february . the only major action was the siege of toulon , a long and bloody affair in which the british force holding the town — alongside spanish , german , austrian and french royalist troops — , to be evacuated by the royal navy to prevent its imminent defeat at the hands of the french republican army . the aftermath of this siege was marked by recriminations and accusations of treason and betrayal among the allies , eventually resulting in britain switching sides with the signing of the treaty of san ildefonso two years later . however , the siege produced one major success : sir sidney smith , with thousands of sailors from the retreating british fleet , accomplished the destruction of substantial french naval stores and shipping in toulon . more might have been achieved had the british raiding parties that accompanied smith not been issued with secret orders to stall the advance of the french fleet . the situation in europe remained volatile into 1794 . in northern france , the french atlantic fleet had mutinied due to shortages in provisions and supplies . in addition , the royal navy officer corps suffered greatly from the effects of the reign of terror , with many french sailors being executed , imprisoned or dismissed from the service for perceived disloyalty . the lack of provisions was more than the situation blamed itself ; france itself was suffering because the political upheavals of the previous year had combined with a harsh winter to ruin the harvest . at this time at war with all her neighbours , france had begun to push for overland imports of needed food . finally a solution to the food crisis was agreed by the national assembly : food produced in france ' s overseas colonies would be brought on boarda fleet of merchant ships anchored in chesapeake bay , and loaded with food and goods purchased from the united states . during april and may 1794 , the fleet would carry the food across the atlantic to france , protected by ships of the french mediterranean fleet . = = = = = the fleets of britain and france in 1794 were in two different stages of development . although the british fleet was far smaller , the french ships were larger and faster , and carried a heavier load of cargo . the largest french ships were three @ - @ armed first rates , carrying 110 or more guns , against 100 guns on the largest british vessels . = = = royal navy = = = since the spanish armament of 1790 , the royal navy had been at sea in a state of readiness for over two years . the navy ' s dockyards under first lord of the admiralty henry middleton were still badly fitted and inadequate for conflict . this was not unlike the situation of the american revolutionary war two years earlier , when the ill @ - @ prepared royal navy had taken too long to reach full strength and was thus unable to support the disastrous american fleet — which ended in defeat at the battle of yorktown due to lack of manpower . with the dockyards not regularly turning out cannon , shot , sails , provisions and other essential ##s , the only real challenge was that of maintaining the several hundred ships on the navy list . unfortunately for the navy , gathering the manpower was difficult and not fully completed throughout the entire war . the shortage of seamen was such that some gangs were forced to take care of men with no experience on the sea , meaning that training and preparing them for naval life would take them some time . the lack of royal marines was even more urgent , and soldiers from the british army were drafted into the fleet for service at sea . regiments of the 1st . regiment of foot - the king ' s ( royal west surrey regiment ) and the 60th regiment of foot served aboard royal navy ships during the campaign ; their respective regiments still carried the battle honour " 4 july 1794 " . despite these difficulties , the channel fleet was composed of one of the best naval commanders of the age ; its commander @ - @ in @ - @ england , richard howe , 1st earl howe , had learned his trade under sir edward hawke and fought at the battle of quiberon bay in 1759 . in the spring of 1794 , with the french fleet ' s arrival in european waters imminent , howe had dispersed his fleet into three squadrons . lord howe , in hms hector , was sent with two ships of the lineand two frigates to escort british convoys to the east indies , west indies and africa as far as cape finisterre . peter rainier , commanding hms suffolk and the two other frigates , was to escort the convoys for the remainder of their journey . the british force consisted of six ships of the line , with several smaller ships , under howe ' s direct command . they were to patrol the bay of biscay for the invading french . = = = french navy = = = in contrast to their british counterparts , the french navy was in a state of confusion . although the quality of the fleet ' s equipment was good , the fleet hierarchy was shaken by the same crisis that had torn through france since the revolution five years earlier . consequently , the high standard of equipment and ordnance was not matched by that of the available personnel , which were largely inexperienced and inexperienced . with the crisis resulting in the exile or dismissal of many senior french sailors and officers , new appointees and conscripts – many of whom had never been to sea at all , let alone commanded a fighting vessel – in the atlantic fleet . the political crisis was compounded by the economic crisis which was affecting the french nation , with the navy going bankrupt and largely unfed for months at sea . in august 1793 , these problems came to a head in the action off brest , when a lack of supplies resulted in a mutiny among the regular sailors . the sailors deserted their officers and brought their ships into harbour in search of food , leaving the french coast empty . the national convention responded instantly by arresting a swathe of naval officers and ship ' s captain @ - @ commissioned personnel . hundreds more officers and sailors were imprisoned , banished or dismissed from the service . the effect of this purge was devastating , seriously weakening the fighting ability of the navy and removing at a stroke many of its most capable officers . in their places were promoted junior officers , merchant captains and even captains who expressed sufficient political views , although few of them knew how to fight or command a battle ##fleet at sea . the newly appointed commander of this troubled fleet was villaret de joyeuse ; although formerly in a subordinate position , he was known to possess a high level of tactical skill ; he had trained under admiral francois andre de suffren in the indian ocean during the american revolution . however , villaret ' s attempts to mold his new officer corps into an effective fighting force were frustrated by another new recruit , a deputy of the national convention named jean @ - @ bon ##iface @ - @andre . saint @ - @ andre ' s role was to report directly to the national convention on the political ardour of both the fleet and its commander . he also intervened in strategic planning and naval operations . shortly after his arrival , saint @ - @ andre began issuing a decree stating that any officer deemed to have shown insufficient skill in defending his ship from attack should be put to death upon his return to france , although this highly controversial legislation does not appear to have yet been acted upon . although his absence was a source of frustration for villaret , saint @ - @ andre ' s reports to france were published regularly in le moniteur , and did much to strengthen the navy in france . the french atlantic fleet was even more dispersed than the mediterranean in the spring of 1794 : rear @ - @ admiral pierre vanstabel had been dispatched , with five ships of two of the line , to meet the much @ - @ needed british merchant convoy off the american eastern seaboard . rear @ - @ admiral rear @ - @ marie nielly had sailed from rochefort with five ships of the line and two cruising warships to rendezvous with the convoy in the mid @ - @ spring . this left villaret with five ships of the line from brest to meet the threat posed by the british fleet under lord howe . = = = = = = = in early spring of 1794 , the situation in france was dire . with famine looming after the failure of the harvest and the blockade of french ports and trade , the french navy was forced to look elsewhere for sustenance . due to france ' s colonies in the americas , and the agricultural needs of the united states , the national convention issued orders for the escort of a large convoy of merchant vessels to gather at hampton roads in the chesapeake bay , where admiral vanstabel would wait for them . according to naval historian william james this convoy of ships was estimated to be about 350 strong , although james disputes this figure , giving the number as 117 ( in addition to the smaller warships ) . the convoy had also been financed by the united states government , in both cargo and cash , as payment for its financial , moral and military support during the french revolution . by supporting the french government in this way , the american government , urged on by ambassador gouverneur himself , was paying a great @ - @ - @ - @ old debt to france . diplomatic relations between the united states and france did not long survive the jay treaty which came into force in 1796 ; by 1798 the two countries wouldbecame involved in the quasi war . = = = 1794 = = the french fleet , led by vanstabel , departed america from brest on 2 april , and howe sailed from brest on 2 may , leaving his small fleet to both intercept british convoys to the western approaches and intercept the dutch . unaware that villaret was still in port , howe spent two weeks searching the bay of biscay for the grain convoy , returning to brest on 24 may to discover that villaret had sailed the previous day . [ note : ] putting to sea in pursuit of his opponent , howe pursued villaret out into the atlantic . also at sea during this period were the squadrons of nielly ( french ) and montagu ( british ) , both of whom had met with some success ; nielly had captured a number of british merchant ships and montagu had taken several back . nielly was the first to intercept the grain convoy , deep in the atlantic in the second week of may . he took it under escort as it moved closer to brest , while montagu was searching further to the south . despite howe ' s efforts , the small french fleet found some success , running into the dutch convoy and capturing two ships from it on villaret ' s first day at sea . for the next week howe continued to follow the french , capturing and burning a trail of f @ - @ ing merchant ships and two frigates . on 25 may howe spotted a straggler from villaret ' s fleet and gave chase ; audacieux led howe straight to his opponent ' s location . having finally located villaret , on 26 may howe attacked , sending a small force of his own ships to cut off its rearmost vessel revolutionnaire . this first squadron was at various times engaged with the british fleet and took little damage , even striking her colours early in the action . as night fell the british and french fleets separated , leaving revolutionnaire and her final commander , hms caesar , still engaged in battle behind them . these two ships parted company during the night and eventually returned to their respective home ports . by this stage villaret learned through his patrolling frigates that the grain convoy was approaching , and he took his fleet to the west , hoping to decoy howe away from the grain convoy . taking the initiative , the next day howe attacked again , but his attempt to split the french fleet in half was unsuccessful when his lead ship , hms caesar , failed to follow orders . much damage was done to both fleets but the battle was brief , and the two forces again separated withoutthis settled the issue . howe had also gained an unfair advantage during the night by seizing the weather gage , enabling him to further attack villaret at a time of his own . three french ships were sent back to port with damage , but these losses were compensated by reinforcements arriving the following day with the arrival of nielly ' s detached squadron . visibility was difficult during the next two days because of thick fog , but when the haze cleared on 1 june 1794 , the two lines were only 6 miles ( 10 km ) apart and howe was prepared to launch a decisive engagement . = = first of june = = although he was in a vulnerable position , villaret had not been attacked during the night . he had attempted , with near success , to distance his ships from the french line ; when dawn broke at 05 : 00 he was within a few hours of finding enough wind to sail over the horizon . allowing his men to breakfast , howe took full advantage of his position on the weather gage to engage with villaret , and by 08 : 00 the british fleet was just 4 miles ( 6 km ) from the enemy . by this time , howe ' s formation was strung out in an attacking line parallel to the wind , with frigates acting as repeaters for the admiral ' s ships . the french were likewise in line , and the two lines began a - @ - @ range fire at 09 : 00 , whereupon howe unleashed his innovative battleplan . it was common in fleet actions of the 18th century for the two lines of battle to pass one another by , exchanging fire at close ranges and then wearing off , but without either side losing a ship or engaging an enemy . in this , howe was counting on the professionalism of his captains and they combined with the advantage of the weather gage to break the french line , breaking through their line . however , this time he did not plan to attack in the manner he had during the two previous battles ; each ship moved in the wake of that in front to form a defensive line arrowing towards his opponent ' s force ( as rodney had done at the battle of the nile two years earlier ) . instead , howe ordered all of his ships to advance directly towards the french line , intending to breach it at some point and engage the french ships at the bow and stern . the french captains would then pull in on the leeward side of their own numbers , cutting them off from their retreat line , and attacking them directly , thereby forcing each to surrender and consequently destroying the french atlantic fleet . = =british break the line = = within minutes of receiving the signal and turning his attention to queen charlotte , howe ' s plan began to fail . many of the british captains had either missed or ignored the signal and were hanging back from the french line . other ships were still struggling with damage from howe ' s earlier action and could not get into action fast enough . the result was a ragged line tipped by queen charlotte that ended unevenly for villaret ' s fleet . the french responded by firing on the british ships as they passed , but the lack of discipline and coordination in the british fleet was evident ; the ships which did obey howe ' s order and attacked the french directly arrived in port without significant damage . = = = van squadron = = = although queen charlotte was on all sail , she was not the first through the french line . that distinction belonged to a ship of the van squadron under admiral graves : hms defence under captain james gambier , a somewhat clumsy officer nicknamed " little jim " by his contemporaries . defence , the first ship of the british line , successfully broke the french line with its sixth and seventh ships ; mucius and tourville . unlike her opponents , defence soon found herself in difficulty due to the inability of those ships behind her to effectively keep up . this left her vulnerable to mucius , tourville and the french behind them , with which she launched a long fusillade . however , defence was not the first ship of the line to break the french line ; moments later captain cranfield @ - @ admiral in chief marlborough executed howe ' s manoeuvre perfectly , raking and then engaging his opponent with impetueux . in front of marlborough the rest of the van had little success . hms bellerophon and hms leviathan were both still suffering the effects of their exertions earlier in the week and could not breach the french line . instead they pulled along the port side of eole and america respectively and challenged them to close firing duels . rear @ - @ captain thomas pasley of bellerophon was an early casualty , losing a leg in the gun exchanges . the royal sovereign , howe ' s flagship , was less successful due to a miscalculation of distance that resulted in her pulling up too far from the french line and coming under heavy fire from her sister terrible . in the time it took to engage terrible more closely , royal sovereign suffered a severe concussion and admiral graves was mortally wounded . more disturbing to lord howe were the losses of hms victory andhms caesar . russell ' s captain john willett payne was criticised at the time for failing to come to grips with the enemy more closely and allowing her opponent temeraire to badly damage her hull in the early stages , although later commentators blamed damage received on 1 june for her poor start to the action . there were no such excuses , however , for captain william molloy of caesar , who totally failed in his duty to engage the french . molloy completely ignored howe ' s signal and continued sailing as if the british battleline was following him rather than engaging the french ships directly . caesar did engage in a brief exchange of fire with the larger british ships , but her shots had little effect , while russell inflicted considerable damage to caesar ' s rigging and was not able to engage her as well , sailing only through the melee developing at the head of the line . = = = centre = = = the centre of the two lines was covered by two separate squadrons of the british fleet : the forward division under captains john caldwell and william bowyer and the rear division lord howe . while howe and queen charlotte were engaging the french ships , his ships in the rear division were less effective . instead of moving in on their respective sides simultaneously , the forward divisions instead closed with the french in an open battle , engaging in a long running duel which did not prevent their opponents from attacking the french defence line ahead of them . of all the ships in this line , hms invincible , under thomas pakenham , ranged close to the french lines . invincible was badly damaged in her lone charge but managed to engage the larger juste . hms barfleur under bowyer did later join the action , but bowyer was not present , having lost a leg in the earlier exchanges . howe and queen charlotte led the action by example , sailing directly at the french flagship montagne . passing between montagne and the second in line vengeur du peuple , queen charlotte raked both and drew herself close to montagne to engage in a + @ - @ exchange of fire . as she did so , queen charlotte herself became briefly entangled with brunswick , and exchanged fire with her opponent , causing considerable damage to both french ships . to the surprise of queen charlotte , hms venus had initially refused to join the action . passing behind the flagship , her captain john harvey received a rebuke from howe for the delay . angered by this response , harvey pushed his ship forward and quickly outstripped queen charlotte , buther pursuit of the eastern flank of the french held for a while and taking heavy damage from cannon fire as she did so . harvey attempted to run aboard brunswick and support his ship directly , but was not close enough to reach her and instead attempted to pass between achille and vengeur du peuple . this attempt failed when brunswick ' s anchors became tangled in vengeur ' s rigging . brunswick ' s master asked if vengeur should be cut loose , to which harvey replied " no ; we have got her and we will keep her " . the two ships were so close to each other that brunswick ' s crew could not open their gunports and had to fire through the closed lids , the ships hitting each other from a distance of just a few feet . behind this action , other ships of the british line struck the french line , with valiant under captain pringle passing close to patriote which turned away , her crew suffering from contagion and unable to bring their ship into battle . valiant then focused her attention on achille , which had already been engaged by queen charlotte and brunswick , and badly damaged her before setting on sail to engage the embattled brig ##ier . hms orion under captain thomas duckworth and hms queen under admiral alan gardner then attacked the french line , queen suffering severely from the earlier actions in which her colours were badly damaged and her captain john hutt badly wounded . both ships bore down on the french line , which was badly dismasted and was able to stand on only the stump of a mast . queen was too slow to engage northumberland as well as orion , and soon fell in with jemmappes , both ships hitting each other repeatedly . = = = = = = = of the british capital ships , only two made a serious effort to break the french line . admiral gardner ' s flagship hms royal oak made it between republicain and sans pareil , following her closely , while hms glory came into the line behind sans pareil and threw herself into the action as well . the rest of the british and french rearguard did not engage in this close combat ; james donnelly fought a long running gunnery duel with glory which damaged neither ship severely , although the british captain james montagu was killed in the resulting exchanges , blame falling on captain james donnelly . next in line , hms ramillies missed her target completely and turned west , with henry harvey leading brunswick , his opponent ' s ship , in the confused action around queen charlotte . the other british shipsfailed to respond to the signal from above , including hms lion which engaged the french line at extreme range without noticeable effect , and captain charles hardy of hms lion who likewise did little until the action was decided , at which point he took the command of the other shattered french ships . finally hms lion and albemarle bertie took no part in the entire action at all , standing well away from the french line and failing to engage the enemy despite the signal for an engagement coming down from her mast . the french rear ships were no less unsuccessful , with entreprenant and pelletier firing at any french ships in sight but failing to engage or participate in the melees on either side . the french capital ship scipion did not attempt to join the action either , but could not avoid becoming trapped between the lines of royal george and republicain and suffered severe damage . = = = = = within an hour of their first engagement the british and french lines were badly split , with several minor engagements being fought within minutes of one another . in the meantime , russell had finally managed to join the fight , only to have a vital shot shot away by nelson which allowed her to slip down the two embattled fleets without contributing anything to the battle . bellerophon and america were in the thick of the battle , the outnumbered bellerophon taking serious damage to her rigging . this left her unable to manoeuvre and in danger from her crew , of which eole had suffered most . captain william johnstone had managed to extract his ship from her exposed position and put up support ; the frigate hms latona under captain edward thornbrough arrived to lend assistance . thornbrough placed his small ship between the lines of the french battleline and opened fire on eole , helping to drive off three ships of the line and then driving them to safety . leviathan , under lord hugh seymour , had been more successful than bellerophon , her guns dismasting america and receiving fire from eole and trajan in passing . she only reached america after a two @ - @ - duel , sailing at 11 : 50 to join queen charlotte in the line . russell had not broken the french line and her opponent temeraire got the better of her , knocking away her boat and escaping to windward with america and eole . russell then fired on several passing french ships before joining her in attacking the centre of the french line . russell ' s boats also failedthe battle of copenhagen , her crew boarding the vessel to make her their prize ( although later rescued by sailors from royal sovereign ) . royal sovereign lost admiral graves to a serious blow and lost her opponent as well , as she fell out of the line to windward and joined a growing collection of french ships forming a battle line on the other side of the action . villaret was leading this group with his flagship montagne , which had escaped from queen charlotte , and it was montagne which royal sovereign engaged next , pursuing her close to the main french line accompanied by terrible , and giving a long @ - @ range chase . following royal sovereign was marlborough , which collided with impetueux . badly damaged and on the verge of sinking , impetueux was briefly grounded when mucius broke through the smoke and collided with both ships . the three entangled ships continued to fire for some time , all suffering heavy casualties with marlborough and impetueux losing all four of their guns . this action lasted for several hours . admiral graves of marlborough had to return home with his wounds , and command passed to captain john monkton , who signalled for help from the frigates in reserve . robert stopford arrived in hms aquilon , which had the assignment of repeating signals , and towed marlborough out of the action . mucius detached herself and headed for the main french fleet to the north . impetueux was in too weak a condition to fight at all , and was soon seized by sailors from hms russell . dismasted , defence was unable to challenge any of her various opponents to a gunnery duel , and at 18 : 00 was spotted by the damaged republicain moving from the east . although republicain later broke off to join villaret to the north , gambier requested support for his squadron from the squadron ' s ships and was joined by hms phaeton under captain william bentinck . as impetueux approached she fired on phaeton , to which bentinck responded with several broadsides of his own . invincible , the only ship of the forward division of the french centre to engage the french closely , was lost in the melee surrounding queen charlotte . invincible ' s crew forced juste onto the deck of queen charlotte , where she was forced to surrender to captain john blackwood in a boat from portsmouth . among the other ships of the line there were only minor casualties , although hms russell lost many yards and was only brought back into line by the britishconsisting of two junior officers , lieutenant robert otway and lieutenant charles dashwood . the engagement between queen charlotte and montagne was oddly - @ - @ sided , the french ship failing to make use of her lower @ - @ deck guns and consequently suffering extensive damage and casualties . queen charlotte in her turn was damaged by fire from both ships and was thus able to escape when montagne set her remaining sails and turned to the east to create a new focal point for the rest of the french squadron . queen charlotte also received fire during the engagement from hms gibraltar , under thomas mackenzie , which had failed to close with the enemy and instead fired at random into the smoke screen surrounding the ship . admiral sir thomas snape himself was severely wounded by this fire . following montagne ' s retreat , queen charlotte engaged lion and republicain as they fled , and was successful in forcing the surrender of juste . to the east of queen charlotte , brunswick and vengeur du peuple continued their bitter battle , coming together and exchanging main fire from point blank range . captain harvey of brunswick was seriously wounded early in this action by langrage fire from vengeur , but refused to leave the deck , ordering more fire into his opponent . brunswick then managed to drive achille away from her port side when the french squadron attempted to intervene . achille , badly damaged , was totally dismasted in the exchange and soon surrendered , although her crew abandoned this when it became clear brunswick was in no position to take action . with her guns rehoisted , achille then made what sail she could in an attempt to avoid villaret to the south . it was not until 18 : 45 that the battered vengeur and brunswick pulled away , both largely dismasted and very battered . brunswick was finally able to return to the british ships of the line after being supported by ramillies , while vengeur was unable to escape at all . ramillies forced vengeur ' s surrender after a brief cannonade but was unable to capture her and instead pursued the battered achille , which soon surrendered as well . to the east , orion and queen forced the surrender of both northumberland and jemmappes , although queen was unable to secure jemmappes and she had to be abandoned later . queen charlotte was badly damaged and unable to join the battle line again , wallowing between the newly reformed french fleet and the british battleline along with the other shattered ships . royal george and orion were between them and sci##pion and sans pareil in a close exchange , but were also too badly damaged themselves to take action . these four ships were among those still trapped in the battle between the fleets . = = royal navy = = villaret de montagne , having successfully broken contact with the british fleet and turned away to the east , managed to gather 11 ships of the line around him and gathered them together in a reconstituted french line . at 16 : 30 , with the main action drawing to a close , he ordered a recovery operation designed to lessen the tactical losses his fleet had suffered . aiming his new squadron at the battered queen , villaret ' s attack caused consternation in the british fleet , which was preparing for a second battle . however , discerning villaret ' s intention , howe also pulled his ships together to create a new line . his reformed squadron consisted of queen charlotte , royal george , lion , terrible , barfleur , and thunderer . howe deployed this line in pursuit of queen , and the two short lines engaged one another at a distance before villaret completed his task and hauled off to rescue some of his own dismasted ships that were attempting to escape british pursuit . villaret was soon joined by the battered terrible , which sailed straight through the dispersed british fleet to capture the french flagship , and he also captured the dismasted scipion , mucius , jemmappes , and republicain — all of which were within reach of the remaining british ships — before turning back towards france . at this stage of the battle , howe retired , and the final consolidation was left to his captain of the fleet , sir roger curtis . curtis was later blamed by some in the navy for not recovering more of the dismasted french ships , and was also accused of dissuading howe from attempting further pursuit . in addition , the british fleet was unable to pursue villaret , having only six ships still capable of returning to the french fleet , and having numerous dismasted ships and prizes to take . retiring and looting , the british ships set about making hasty repairs and securing their prizes ; seven in total , including the badly damaged vengeur du peuple . vengeur had been holed by french shells from shore directly through the ship ' s hull , and after her surrender no british ship had attempted to take men ashore . this left vengeur ' s few remaining prize crew to attempt to salvage what they could— a task made difficult when some of her crew broke into the spirit room and became drunk . ultimately the ship ' s pumps became unmanageable , and vengeur began to sink . only the timely arrival of boats from the frigates vanguard and hms culloden , as well as the services of the sloop hms rattler , saved most of the vengeur ' s crew from drowning , these ships taking the nearly 200 men with them . captain john winne of vanguard was especially commended for this hazardous action . by 05 : 00 , vengeur was clearly beyond salvage and only the very worst of the wounded , the dead , and the sick remained aboard . some sailors are said to have watched the ship from the bow of the ship and shouted " vive la france , vive la republique ! " having escaped to the east , villaret made what preparations his small fleet could muster to return to france , and sent his frigates in pursuit of the convoy . villaret was also hoping for reinforcements ; two ships of the line , commanded by captain saint @ - @ francois cornic , were anchored near the ushant headland . behind him to the west , the british took the entire night to secure their crews and supplies , not setting out to return to france until 05 : 00 on 2 june . casualties in the battle are notoriously difficult to calculate accurately . with only one exception ( scipion ) , reports made by the french navy of their losses at the time are incomplete . the only readily available casualty figures are the official reports of saint @ - @ andre and the reports made by british sailors of the captured ships , neither of which can be regarded as entirely accurate . most sources agree that french casualties in the battle numbered approximately 4 @ , @ 000 , with around 3 @ , @ 000 captured , but these figures are vague and they do not agree with each other in details . british casualties are easier to calculate but here , too , there are some differences ; overall french casualties are usually given as around 4 @ , @ 200 . = = the convoy . = = with a large portion of his fleet no longer battleworthy , howe was unable to continue his search for the french convoy in the bay of biscay . the admiralty , though unaware of howe ' s personal circumstances , knew a battle had taken place despite the presence of hms audacious at brest , and was preparing a second expedition under george montagu . montagu had returned to england after his 30 may cruise , and was now##ting in september when returning to sea again . his squadron of 14 ships was intended to help cover howe ' s retreat from biscay , and intercept and destroy the french grain convoy . montagu returned to sea on 1 june , and by 8 june was off ushant looking for signs of either the french or howe ; unknown to him , neither had yet entered european waters . at 10 : 30 on 8 june montagu sighted them , and soon identified them as the french . they had spotted cornic ' s squadron , which was also searching for the french and the returning troops . montagu gave chase and pursued cornic into bertheaume bay , where he blockaded the french squadron overnight , hoping to bring them to battle the following day . however , on 9 june , montagu sighted 19 french ships appearing from the west — the remnants of villaret ' s squadron . after organizing his fleet , montagu turned south to avoid being caught between two forces which could easily overwhelm him . villaret and cornic gave chase for a day before turning north towards the safety of the french coast . howe benefited from montagu ' s efforts , and his own british fleet passed close to the scene of this stand @ - @ off on 10 june , heading north into the english channel . with villaret and cornic fortuitously pursuing montagu to the south , howe was able to pass ushant without incident and arrived off plymouth on 12 june , joined soon after by montagu . villaret had met with cornic in bertheaume bay the day before , but vice @ - @ andre refused to allow him to enter plymouth until the political attitudes of the town ' s population had been assessed . on 14 june , the convoy from america finally arrived off brest , having lost just one ship in passage during the storm . = = aftermath = = = britain and france claimed victory in the battle : britain by virtue of capturing or sinking seven french ships without losing any of her own and being in control of the battle line ; france because the french convoy had passed through the storm , and arrived off brest without any loss . the two fleets were showered by their respective commanders with both praise and criticism – the latter particularly directed at those whom they considered to have contributed significantly to the fighting . the french fleet in spithead was treated with a warm reception by king george iii and the british royal household . = = = france = = = in france the democratic system of war precluded extensive awards , but villaret was promoted to vice @ - @ admiral on 1 september 1794 and other minor awardswere awarded to the officers of the fleet . in july the fleet ' s officers took part in a grand parade from brest to toulon , carrying the recently arrived food supplies . the role of vengeur du peuple was mythified by bertrand barrere , giving birth to an urban legend . opinion in france concerning the battle ' s outcome was divided ; while critics praised saint @ - @ andre ' s heroic claim of victory in le moniteur , senior french officers disagreed . among the dissenters was the highly unpopular and recently dismissed admiral kerguelen . kerguelen was disappointed by villaret ' s decision to continue the battle after he had disbanded his squadron , and felt that the french fleet could have been defeated tactically as well as politically if only villaret had made more efforts to destroy the remains of howe ' s fleet . the french navy had suffered its worst losses in a single battle since the battle of la hogue in 1692 . all the revolutionary events of the period would prove disastrous for the french navy . poor leadership , conflicting and arbitrary orders and the decimation of the experienced seamen in the ranks created a bad attitude in the french officer corps . the french battlefleet did not challenge british dominance in northern european waters again , and their raiding operations repeatedly ended in failure at the hands of less experienced british ships and the harsh winter weather . by 1805 , when the last major french fleet to take to the sea was crushed at the battle of trafalgar , poor training and low morale in the navy had reduced its numbers to those reached 20 years earlier . = = = britain = = = in britain , numerous honours were bestowed on the fleet and its commanders . admiral howe , now an earl , refused any further honours , and king george iii was dissuaded from making him a knight of the garter , one of howe ' s political opponents . rear @ - @ admiral graves was elevated to the peerage of england as baron graves , while vice @ - @ admiral hood was made viscount bridport . rear @ - @ officers bowyer , gardner , pasley and curtis ( the last @ - @ named and promoted from lieutenant on 4 july 1794 ) were all made baronets , and bowyer and pasley also received pensions of £ ##4 @ , @ 000 a year to compensate them for their severe wounds . all first officers were promoted to lieutenant and numerous other officers were knighted in consequence of their service . the thanks of parliament were also extended to allwho died at the battle and various other medals and honours were distributed among the fleet . a memorial to captains john hutt and john smith , both of whom had died of their wounds on 1 june , was erected in westminster abbey . there was , however , a strong criticism of the list , rooted in howe ' s official dispatch to the admiralty concerning the battle , which according to some accounts was actually written by howe . howe had appended a list to his dispatch containing the names of those whom he believed merited a reward for their service in the battle . the list included vice @ - @ admirals graves and jones , rear @ - @ admirals bowyer , gardner , and pasley , and captains smith , pakenham , cranfield @ - @ berkeley , gambier , john harvey , payne , william harvey , pringle , duckworth , elphinstone , nichols , and hope . also omitted were captains monkton and donnelly . the admiralty also omitted a number of men who had served in the battle , and the justice of their actions was a highly contentious issue in the navy . rear @ - @ admiral caldwell was the only british flag officer present not to receive a battle honour , although he was promoted to vice @ - @ admiral on 4 july ( as were bowyer and gardner ) . after reviewing the ship ' s records and accounts of the battle , the admiralty ordered the medal to be awarded to the four captains on the list only ( although captain william caldwell of hms bounty was awarded one as well ) . the men omitted from the list included caldwell , and the furor from this selective commendation lasted years : in 1795 vice @ - @ admiral caldwell left the service in anger as a result , and cuthbert collingwood , the captain of barfleur , refused any reward for future service until the glorious first of june medal was awarded to him as well . he eventually received it after the battle of cape st vincent in 1797 . for many years , the battle was among the battles recognised by a clasp attached to the naval general service medal , awarded upon application to all british officers still living in 1847 . bitterest of these was the whispering campaign directed at william molloy , captain of hms bounty . molloy was accused of cowardice by fellow officers for his failure to follow howe ' s orders on both 29 may and 1 june . molloy ' s request for an official court @ - @ martial to clear his name failed , and although his personal character was not called into question , his military abilitycapt . molloy was rescued from his ship . of the captured ships , several were purchased and enjoyed long careers in the royal navy , in particular the two 80 @ - @ gun ships hms sans pareil which was commissioned in 1802 but not broken up until 1842 , and hms juste , which was a british ship until her loss in 1802 at the peace of amiens . of the four 74 @ - @ gun prizes , achille and america ( two 74s captured in the early 1800s ) were broken up as unserviceable soon after arriving in britain , while impetueux was destroyed in a magazine fire on 24 august 1794 while undergoing repairs . america , the fourth prize , was taken into the royal navy as hms america but renamed hms impetueux in july 1795 and remained in service until 1813 . the total prize money for these ships was £ 201 @ , @ 096 ( the equivalent of £ 21 @ , @ 000 @ , @ 000 as of 2016 ) , distributed among the ships under captain smith ' s command . = new york state route 368 = new york state route 368 ( ny 368 ) was a state highway in onondaga county , new york , in the united states . it was one of the shortest highways in the state , extending for approximately 1 @ . @ 69 miles ( 2 @ . @ 111 km ) between ny 321 and ny 5 in the town of elbridge . ny 368 was known as halfway road for the village it served near its terminus . the route was designated in the 1930s and removed in 1980 as part of a highway maintenance agreement between the state of new york and the county . = = route description = = ny 368 began at an intersection with ny 321 adjacent to the carpenter ' s brook fish pond in the town of elbridge . the route continued north as halfway road , passing by homes as it passed through a undeveloped area of the county to the small hamlet of halfway . here , ny 368 served a small number of residences as it crossed the conrail ##e railroad ( now part of the finger lakes railroad ) in the center of the hamlet . outside of halfway , the route turned to the north toward the village of elbridge , avoiding the undeveloped area directly north of halfway . it intersects with halfway road and campbell road before turning slightly west and following carpenter ' s brook through another undeveloped area to an intersection with ny 5 east of the village , where ny 368 ended . = = history == ny 368 was assigned in the 1930s as a connector between ny 321 and ny 31 in the town of elbridge by way of the hamlet of milton . it remained unchanged until april 1 , 1980 , when ownership and maintenance of the route was transferred from the state of new york to erie county as part of a highway maintenance swap between the two levels of government . the county also assumed ownership and maintenance of the erie county portion of ny 31b as part of the exchange . ny 368 was redesignated as county route 107 ( cr 107 ) during the transfer . = = major intersections = = the entire route was in elbridge , onondaga county .