= = public service = the federal public service ( ps ) was a program of the united states government that provided american citizens with an alternative to military service during world war i . from 1941 to 1947 , approximately 1 @ , @ 000 men , willing to serve their country in any capacity but unable to perform any type of public service , accepted assignments in work of national importance at 152 cps camps throughout the united states and puerto rico . draftees from the historic peace churches and other organizations worked in areas such as soil conservation , forestry , fire protection , agriculture , under the supervision of such agencies as the u . s . forest service , the wildlife conservation service , and the national park service . others assisted with social welfare and mental health issues . the young men worked without wages and without support from the federal government . the cost of maintaining the labor camps and caring for the families of the men was the responsibility of their congregations and organizations . the men served longer than the draftees and were not released until well after the end of the war . initially skeptical of the program , government agencies came to appreciate the men ' s work and requested more work from the men . cps made significant contributions to forest fire prevention , erosion and erosion control , environmental education and reform of the mental health system . = = = = = conscientious objectors ( cos ) refuse to participate in military service because of belief or religious training . during wartime , this policy conflicts with conscription efforts . those willing to accept non @ - @ military roles , such as medical personnel , are exempt . there are few other options for those who cannot cooperate with the government in any way . = = = experiences of world war i = = = the conscription law of world war i provided for military service for members of a religious group whose members were forbidden from participating in war of any kind . this law also limited conscientious objector status to members of the historic peace churches : mennonites ( and other anabaptist groups such as hutterites ) , religious society of friends ( quakers ) and church of the brethren . the law gave the government authority to assign such members to any other military service . conscientious objectors who performed noncombatant service during world war i were housed in military facilities such as fort lewis ( washington ) , alcatraz island ( california ) and fort leavenworth ( kansas ) . the law provided that cos could be converted into soldiers oncethey were sentenced to life in their assigned military camps . simultaneously the justice department was able to arrest 181 church leaders for violating the espionage act because of a statement they made against performing military service . the draftees ' refusal to put on a uniform or act in any way caused difficulties for both the government and the church . the treatment received by approximately 2000 of these absolute ##s included short rations , solitary confinement and physical abuse so severe as to cause the deaths of several hutterite draftees . = = = preparations for world war ii = = = after world war ii , and with a european war looming , representatives from the historic peace churches met to strategize about how to cooperate with the government to overcome the difficulties of world war i . despite the general view that voluntary participation in military service was not appropriate , they developed a plan of providing alternative service , based on experience gained by american friends service committee members in europe during and after world war i and forestry service done by russian soldiers in lieu of military service in tsarist russia . as the united states prepared for the war , the historic peace churches , led by friends who understood inner dealings of washington d . c . officials , attempted to pass new draft bills to ensure their men could fulfill their obligations in an alternative , burke @ - @ military form of service . on september 14 , 1940 , the burke @ - @ wadsworth bill came before congress . the provisions for conscientious objection were almost identical to the world war i act . = = = selective service act = = = the friends representatives continued efforts to make the bill more acceptable to the historic peace churches . the burke @ - @ wadsworth bill passed on september 14 , 1940 , becoming the selective training and service act of 1940 . the influence of the churches was evident in section 5 ( g ) , which says in part : any such person claiming such exemption from combatant training and service . . . in lieu of such induction , be assigned to work of national importance under civilian control . the bill offered many advantages from the perspective of the churches under the world war i act . the exemption applied to any objection based on religious practice or belief , opening the door for members of any religious faith to apply for military status . draftees turned down by the draft boards could appeal under the new law . those assigned to " work of national importance " would be under civilian , not military , control and operation of law on the part of those whose the program were subject to normal federal jurisdiction ,not the criminal justice system . from the religious perspective , it removed the burden of dealing with thousands of uncooperative draftees and separated the cos and their philosophy from military service personnel . unlike harsher methods , the church found that this gentler approach resulted in about one in three men transferring to military service . = = = = = when registration began on october 1 , 1940 , no system was in place to handle thousands of potential religious objection . church leaders meeting with government officials learned that little thought had been put into the program , and the churches were unable to create a structure . because the government preferred to work with one religion , not multiple religious denominations , the national council for promoting conscientious objection was formed as a liaison between the churches and the federal government . the national peace churches developed a plan that included running and maintaining the camps under church control . however , president roosevelt approved a plan that including military control over the camps . to save their money and the civilian direction of the program , the churches agreed to fund the camps . they convinced roosevelt that allowing the cos to camp in the @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ of out was preferable to repeating the mistakes of world war ii . the service and the peace churches agreed to a six @ - @ month program of church supported and funded camps for conscientious objection and thus civilian public service was born . the first camp opened on may 1 , 1941 near baltimore , maryland . a total of 152 camps and churches were established over the next three years . the federal government provided construction projects , food , camp furnishings and transportation for transportation to the camps . the activities of the churches included day @ - @ to @ - @ day operation of the camps , subsistence supplies , clothing and healthcare for the men . when the young men arrived at the first camp , they started a six @ - @ month experiment that would extend to six years . = = = civilian life = = = civilian public service men lived in various @ - @ @ camps , such as the civilian conservation corps camps . the camps served as a base of operations , from which the men departed to their daily assignments . camps were located typically in rural areas near the agricultural , soil conservation and forestry projects where the work took place . a larger camp such as the one near hill city , south dakota , had six dormitories and housed as many as 172 men building the deerfield project . later , with projects located in urban areas , the men lived in larger units, communal ##ly near their assignments . cps men typically worked nine hours , six days per week . christian service committee , american friends service committee and brethren service committee administered nearly all of the camps . the association of american conscientious people operated three camps and the lutheran world mission commission two . each camp was assigned a director responsible for overseeing its operations . the director oversaw the welfare of the men , oversaw maintenance of the camp facilities , handled community relations and reported to social service officials . initially the pastor had the camp director position . later , capable men from among the cps men directed the camps . besides the director , a pastor , business manager and treasurer ran a typical camp . an educational director was responsible for organizing recreational , social and educational programs for the men . church history , cooking and first aid were standard curriculum topics . the strength of instructional materials varied from camp to camp , and after nine hours of manual labor , it could be used to motivate the men to take classes . the camps had newspapers , which showed current events and camp number 1 ( mount angel ) in waldport , oregon had a strong focus on the arts . men produced newsletters and yearbooks documenting their experiences . the camp dietitian , with the help of men assigned as cooks , prepared all of the meals . camps with vegetable gardens provided their members with vegetables . sponsoring congregations also supplied central heating and fresh water . the camps were subject to the same taxes and rationing as the rest of the nation . sunday worship services were organized by the camp director if he was a minister , by a visiting pastor , or by the camp men themselves . while the local camp churches organized the cps , 96 % of the men were from other churches and 4 % had no religious affiliation . men spent their free time in crafts such as woodworking , rugmaking , weaving and sewing . outdoor activities included fishing and swimming . men formed choirs and musical groups , singing in neighboring camps when conditions were good . the men earned two days of furlough for each day of service . these days could be used to earn enough time to travel several hundred miles home , in some cases traded to other men in exchange for cash . men with children and dependents found it difficult to support their families . despite a small allowance , the men did not get paid for their service , nor were their wives given an allowance . to be closer to their families , women sought employment near their husband ' s assignment . later , when work on dairy farms became available , familiescould live together in housing provided for the workers . men who were dissatisfied with the cps system and were unable to adjust to the church @ - @ . camps were sent to a few camps managed by the selective service system . these camps tended to be the less productive and more difficult to administer . men who felt compelled to protest the implementation of the conscription law attempted to disrupt the system through the use of various techniques , including the establishment of concentration camps and labor unions . the strike action frustrated church directors . the most difficult cases were sent to the military prison system and the men imprisoned . = = = finances = = = churches were primarily responsible for the civilian public services , and for the men ' s food , clothes , and other material needs . the churches also provided and paid for the camp food . the men received an allowance of between $ 2 @ . @ 00 and $ 5 @ . @ 00 each for personal expenses . when jobs were available in the factories and communities , those willing to work beyond their regular cps jobs could receive extra spending money . the federal government spent $ 1 @ . @ 3 million on the cps program . the men received $ 6 million of paid labor in total . men who worked for farmers or in hospitals received regular wages , which they were required to pay to the local churches . objections to this system arose , because the men felt they were helping to fund the war . a compromise was reached where the funds were put into a trust fund that was used until after the end of the war . at one point , church representatives tried unsuccessfully to have these funds used for providing a monthly allowance for the men ' s dependents . = = types of work = = the first civilian public works projects were in rural areas where the men performed tasks related to soil conservation , agriculture and forestry . the men were assigned to projects in cities where they worked in hospitals , maternity wards , and agricultural research laboratories . = = = soil conservation and agriculture = = = meeting the rural needs of the men , the initial projects became soil conservation and agriculture @ - @ related projects . by january 1945 , 550 men worked on the farms and with food production . church @ - @ continued their operations . they were short of labor and accepted volunteers to help fill the gap . men assigned to the bureau of reclamation built contours to prevent soil erosion , constructed 164 reservoirs and 249 roads . a sixth of all cps work was done in this area . = = = state and national parks = = = = forest service and national park servicecamps , these men were responsible for fire control . between fires they cleared dirt roads , cared for nursery stock , planted thousands of trees and participated in fire ##fighting . trails and parks on the blue ridge mountains and skyline drive of virginia were products of cps work . hundreds of men volunteered for smoke duty , showing their willingness to take more personal risks . when fire was spotted by a lookout , smoke jumpers were flown out to the site and dropped by parachute to quickly contain and extinguish the fire . from base camps scattered throughout the forests of montana , idaho and wyoming , the men were flown as many as 200 miles to fire sites , given firefighting tools and a k @ - @ day supply of k @ - @ day . for larger fires , additional men , supplies and equipment were airdropped to expand the effort . up to 240 ##0 men served in this new unit . one of the smokejumping camps was at camp paxson in virginia . = = = mental health = = = as the war progressed , a critical shortage of workers in mental hospitals developed , because staff had volunteered for higher paying jobs with longer hours and better working conditions . understaffed wards at philadelphia state hospital had one attendant caring for two patients , the average ratio being 10 : 1 . the government refused the initial request that cps workers have these jobs , believing it necessary to keep the men working in the rural camps to prevent the spread of their diseases . eventually the men received permission to work for the mental hospitals as attendants and medical staff . individuals who found jobs in the rural camps unfulfilling and dangerous , volunteered for this new type of work . the mental health field promised to do the work of utmost importance that the program was designed to produce . by the end of 1945 , more than 2000 cps men served in 41 hospitals in 13 states . the cps men discovered terrible conditions in the mental hospital wards . in an interview , a former member described his experience when he first entered a mental hospital in may 1942 : it is sort of like a perpetual bad dream . the smell , the sounds of the insane voices , the bad smells . the long , dark corridors . i tell you , it is all very much like a medieval tale of the northern kingdom . we ’ d heard about how these people had been treated . the attendants , beat with sticks , you know , do all sorts of things . we took a vow before we left the camp , we said that we would goassault or in any case , abuse a patient . i opened one of those rooms , and there was a man lying on the bed . i went over to try to see what i could do to minister to him in some way , do something for him . he may have been on the mattress or he may have been on the bare floor . no he was on the bare floor , because when i tried to lift him , his skin came off . his skin was thin and stuck to the floor and when i tried to lift him up it almost tore his skin off . he was in the early stages of syphilis . he died less than a week afterwards . now that was my first introduction to what was badly happening in that hospital . the cps men objected to the violence and abuse of patients and determined to improve conditions in the psychiatric ward . they wanted to show the attendants alternatives to violence when dealing with patients . william olmstead , president of the war department , observed : the objector assigned to the psychiatric ward refused to take the broomstick offered by the charge . when he left the ward the patients crowded around asking , " where is your broomstick ? " he said he thought he would not need it . " i suppose some of them gang up on you ? " the co guessed they wouldn ' t like that and started asking about other patients . after a few days the patients were seen gathered around the unarmed attendant telling him of their problems . he was much better than the charge and had used his broomstick for support . the workers contacted cps men at other hospitals and learned of the pattern of abuse throughout the psychiatric ward system . through church leaders and other officials , the cos begin advocating for reforms to end the abuse . conditions were worse in institutions such as pennsylvania state hospital , virginia state hospital in richmond and james river state hospital . they wrote : and the governor came in and they cleaned out the wards . i mean , they had hearings . we all had to appear in court and all that kind of stuff . and within a month or so , the system was completely changed . the superintendent was fired and the new superintendent was put in , and not only did they do our work , they visited all the hospitals , including hospitals in philadelphia . the activists were especially active at the byberry hospital in philadelphia where their friends initiated the the attendant magazine as a way to share ideas and promote reform . this magazine later became the psychiatric aide , a monthly journal for mental health workers . on january 1 , 1946 life magazine printed an articleof the mental healthcare system based on the reports of patients . another effort of his , the manhattan project became the national mental health foundation . initially skeptical about the value of civilian public service , eleanor roosevelt , inspired by the changes made by cos to the mental health system , became a sponsor of the national mental health foundation and actively inspired other prominent physicians including owen m . roberts , william anderson and john howard fosdick to join her in advancing the organization ' s goals of reform and humane treatment of patients . = = = medical experiments = = = draftees in civilian public service became medical and biological research test subjects in human medical experiments under the direction of the office of scientific research and development and the surgeon general at medical institutions such as harvard medical school , yale and pennsylvania universities , and massachusetts general hospital . these experiments covered a range of medical topics , sometimes endangering the lives of the patients . hepatitis : during the 1940s the nature , method of communication and nature of infectious hepatitis was not well understood . it began with doctors working at local hospitals and was led to a major research project with 30 to 40 test subjects at the university of pennsylvania and yale university . the subjects were inoculated with human blood plasma , swallowed nose and mouth washings and the other body fluids of the patients , and drank contaminated water . as a young surgeon , dr . everett koop was part of the research team at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine . he described his experience with the test subjects : and the first time i was exposed to this research program when i as a young man , was asked to do serial biopsies of their livers to see what the effect of the virus was on the development of the disease in the patients . and in that way , i got to know that a lot of these young people had no idea that the drugs they were taking also included hepatitis . and some of those youngsters did . and it was a very difficult experiment for me to be part of , because you know , you ’ re involved , when you ’ are part of the research team . that couldn ' t happen today . internal review boards would not permit the use of a hepatitis virus in human subjects unless they really knew what was going to happen to them . and i doubt that even if they knew what the virus was , that an internal review board at an academic institution would consent to that kind of experimental work . the hepatitis experiment was instrumental in proving the virus is responsible for the disease and that it is transmitted through human blood , serum anddrinking water . malaria : during the early 1940s , malaria was the only anti @ - @ approved drug . derived from the bark of the north american cinchona tree , it was in short supply during the war , so scientists began searching for an alternative treatment . the test subjects allowed themselves to be bitten by malarial insects and when the fever reached its peak in three to four months , were given alternative treatments . at the university of minnesota , the twelve men underwent tests to determine the recovery rate for those infected with malaria . this research documented the psychological effects of the disease and the amount of time required for a successful recovery . common cold and common pneumonia : a hundred cps men responded with tests showing that they ate and drank throat fluid from soldiers with cold and pneumonia . this research proved that these and other types of pneumonia were cause by a virus , not malaria . the starvation diet : to study the effects of hunger and nutrition , dr . ancel keys of the university of minnesota department of physiological chemistry placed twelve male objectors on a starvation diet . for three months they were given a daily 3 @ , @ 800 grams ( 13 @ , @ 000 kj ) diet . this was followed by three months of an 8 @ , @ 800 grams ( 7 @ , @ 500 kj ) diet , more calories than required by the famine conditions experienced by the civilian population in occupied europe . the research documented the men ' s struggle to maintain energy output and the psychological effects such as introversion , lethargy , anxiety and severe depression . the research also followed the men ' s long recovery as they returned to a normal diet and recovered the weight lost during the experimentation . the research provided valuable insights into hunger and nutrition and the results were made available to all major government agencies concerned with the food and nutrition problems , helping to establish the marshall plan . = = closure and impact = = civilian - service men were released from their duties and the camps closed during august 1947 , three months after the end of the war in the pacific . changes in the mental health system continued after the war . the work of the cos was instrumental in establishing new mental health facilities in california , kansas and maryland . lewis hill , who was at cps camp # 37 near coleville , california , along with several other men founded pacifica network and kpfa radio in berkeley , california , the world ' s first listener @ - @ approved radio station . psychologists william everson andwilliam stafford was killed in police custody . reverend francis ( fritz ) william stafford spent time in the dutch flats ( new york ) in camp # 46 . men from the historic methodist church worked for relief and reconstruction after their release from prison . the 1947 nobel peace prize was awarded to american and british friends service committee for their relief work in europe after the war . the relief society redirected its effort from camp administration to relief and reconstruction in europe after the war . the public service set a precedent for the alternative service program for conscientious citizens of the united states during the korean and vietnam wars . although the original program was not successful , the idea of offering men an opportunity to do " work of national importance " outside of military service was born .