= island = land ( / ˈaɪərlənd / ; irish : eire [ ˈeːɾʲə ] ; ulster @ - @ gaelic : airlann [ ˈɑːrlən ] ) is an island in the north atlantic . it is separated from great britain to its east by the north sea , the irish sea , and st george ' s sound . it is the second @ - @ largest island of the british isles , the fifth @ - @ largest in europe , and the twentieth @ - @ largest on earth . politically , ireland is divided between the republic of ireland ( including northern ireland ) , which covers five @ - @ thirds of the island , and northern ireland , which is part of the united kingdom , to the west of the island . in 2011 the population of ireland was about 4 @ . @ 4 million , making it the second @ - @ most populous island in europe after great britain . just over 4 @ . @ 5 million live in the republic of ireland and just over 4 @ . @ 4 million live in northern ireland . the island ' s geography comprises relatively low @ - @ lying land surrounding a coastal plain , with several navigable rivers flowing inland . the island has lush vegetation , a product of a mild and temperate climate which avoids extremes of temperature . thick forests covered the island until the middle ages . as of 2013 , the amount of land that is forested in ireland is about 40 % of the total , compared with a national average of 30 % . there are twenty @ - @ six extant plant species native to ireland . the irish climate is very moderated and classified as oceanic . as a result , winters are colder than expected for such a remote location . however , summers are warmer than those of mainland europe . fog and cloud cover are common . the earliest evidence of human settlement in ireland is 6 to 10 @ , @ 500 bc . gaelic culture had emerged by the 8th century bc and lasted until the first world war . the island was settled from the 11th century onward . following the norman invasion in the 12th century , england claimed sovereignty over ireland . however , english rule did not extend to the entire island until the late – - century scottish conquest , which led to colonisation by settlers from britain . in the 1690s , the policy of protestant english rule was introduced to materially disadvantage the catholic irish and protestant minority , and was abandoned during the 18th century . with the acts of union in 1801 , ireland became a part of the united kingdom . the war of independence in theearly 20th century was marked by the division of the island , into the irish free state , which became fully sovereign over the following decades , and northern ireland , which became a part of the united kingdom . northern ireland saw much political unrest from the late 1960s until the 1970s . this ended following a constitutional referendum in 1998 . in 1973 the republic of ireland joined the european economic community with the united kingdom , and northern ireland , as part of it , remained the same . irish culture has had a significant influence on western cultures , especially in the field of literature . alongside the western culture , a strong indigenous culture developed , as reflected in gaelic games , irish music , and the irish language . the culture of the island also shares many features with that of great britain , including the irish language , and sports such as association football , rugby , horse racing , and golf . = = name = = name consists of old irish eriu + = land . eriu derives from the @ - @ celtic * iveriu ( compare welsh iwerddon ) , which is also the source of irish hibernia . iveriu comes from a word meaning " hairy , hairy " . = = history = = = = = prehistoric = = = = during the last glacial maximum , and up until around 9000 years ago , most of ireland was covered with ice , most of the island . sea levels were lower and ireland , like great britain , formed part of continental europe . by 10 @ , @ 000 bc , rising sea levels due to glacier melting caused ireland to become separated from great britain . later , around 5600 bc , great britain itself became separated from continental europe . the earliest evidence of human presence in ireland is found at 10 @ , @ 500 bc . until then the earliest evidence of settlement in ireland were celtic people who arrived by sea from britain between 8000 bc and 7000 bc . from around 4500 bc , neolithic settlers arrived with agricultural cultivars , a neolithic culture ( similar to those of the same period in scotland ) and stone monuments . a more advanced culture began to develop . in the ceide fields , preserved under a blanket of soil in present @ - @ , county mayo , was an extensive field system , arguably the oldest in the world , dating from not long before this period . consisting of large fields enclosed by dry @ - @ stone walls , the fields were cultivated for several millennia between 3500 bc and 3000 bc . wheat and barley were the main crops imported from the iberian peninsula . the bronze age – defined by the useof ireland – , around 2500 bc , with celtic entering ireland ' s daily life during this period through innovations such as the axe , riding oxen , weaving textiles , brewing alcohol , and skilful farming , which produced celtic weapons and tools , along with fine celtic decoration and jewellery , such as shields and torcs . according to robert h . smith and others , ireland in the early bronze age was part of a maritime , @ - @ celtic culture during the atlantic iron age that also included britain , western france and iberia , and that this is where celtic culture developed . this conflicts with the traditional view that their origin lies in northern europe with the hallstatt culture . = = = = origins of celtic ireland = = = = during the iron age , a celtic language and culture developed in ireland . how and when the island of ireland became celtic has been debated for close to a century , with the origin of the irish being one of the most enduring topics of archaeological and linguistic studies . however , there is more than one school of thought about how this happened in ireland . the pseudo @ - @ irish traditional view , and widely accepted , is that celtic language , ogham , and culture were brought to ireland by waves of indigenous or migrating peoples from continental europe . this view rests on the lebor gabala erenn , a medieval christian pseudo @ - @ history of ireland along with the presence of celtic culture , language and artefacts found in ireland such as celtic stone weapons , shields , torcs and other finely crafted celtic associated possessions . the theory is that there were three separate celtic invasions of ireland . the priteni were said to be the first , followed by the belgae from northern gaul and britain . later , laighin tribes from armorica ( pseudo @ - @ in brittany ) were said to have invaded ireland and britain more or less simultaneously . lastly , the milesians ( franks ) were said to have reached ireland from either northern iberia or southern gaul . it was claimed that a second group named the euerni , belonging to the belgae tribe of southern gaul , began arriving in the 5th century bc . they were said to have given their name to the island . a more recent theory , with growing support among archaeologists , is that celtic culture and language arrived in ireland as a result of geographical diffusion . this theory proposes that the celticisation of ireland may have been the culmination of a long process of social and economic exchange between ireland , britain and adjacent areas of mainland europe. the theory was advanced in part because of lack of archeological evidence for large @ - @ chromosome celtic migration , though it is accepted that such movements are more difficult to identify . the proponents of this theory hold that it is possible that there was migration of smaller groups of people to ireland , with enough sea access to constitute a " migration stream , " but that this was not the fundamental cause of insular celticisation . historical linguists are concerned that this phenomenon alone could account for the spread of the celtic language , with some saying that the assumed historical account of celtic language diffusion is ' an especially hazardous exercise ' . genetic lineage investigation into the history of celtic migration to ireland has led to findings that show no significant differences in mitochondrial dna between ireland and other parts of continental europe , in contrast to parts of the large @ - @ chromosome pattern . when taking both into account a recent study drew the conclusion that the celtic population in ireland could be thought of as european " atlantic ##s " with a common ancestry across the atlantic zone from southern england to southern france rather than as continental european . = = = late ancient and early modern times = = = the earliest written records of ireland come from classical greco @ - @ roman sources . ptolemy in his almagest refers to ireland as mikra brettania ( little britain ) , in contrast to the larger island , which he calls megale brettania ( great britain ) . in his later work , geography , ptolemy refers to ireland as iouernia and to great britain as albion . these " new " names were likely to have been the local names for the islands at the time . the earlier names , in contrast , are likely to have been adopted once direct contact with local peoples was established . the romans would probably refer to ireland by this name too in its modern form , hibernia , or scotia . ptolemy records several nations inhabiting a part of ireland in 100 ad . the relationship between the roman empire and the people of ancient ireland is unclear . however , a number of finds of roman coins have been made , for example at the iron age site of clones , near gowran and newgrange . ireland continued as a collection of rival kingdoms until , beginning in the 8th century ad , a system of national kingship gradually became articulated through the establishment of a high king of ireland . medieval irish literature portrays an almost unbroken line of high kings stretching back thousands of years but modern scholars believe the system was constructed in the 8th century to justify the establishment of the political grouping##s by projecting the history of their rule into the distant past . the high king was said to preside over the provincial kingdoms that eventually became ireland . each of these kingdoms had their own king and were at least nominally subject to the high king . the high king was chosen from the ranks of the provincial kings and ruled over the entire kingdom of meath , with a ceremonial seat at the hill of tara . the monarchy only became a political concept in the viking age and even then was not a common one . ireland did have a single unifying rule of law : the early written legal code , the brehon code , administered by a professional body of jurists known as the brehons . however , a unified kingdom of all ireland was never achieved . the chronicle of ireland records that in 431 ad , palladius arrived in ireland on a mission from pope celestine i to preach to the irish " people believing in christ " . the illuminated chronicle records that saint patrick , ireland ' s first christian missionary saint , arrived the same year . there is some debate over the missions of palladius and patrick but the consensus is that they never took place and that the older druid tradition collapsed in the face of the new religion . early christian scholars specialized in the study of latin and greek learning and christian theology . in the monastic period that followed the christianisation of ireland , latin and greek learning was widespread in ireland during the early middle ages in contrast to elsewhere in europe , where the middle ages saw the fall of the roman empire . the arts of manuscript illumination , metalworking and sculpture flourished and illuminated manuscripts such as the book of kells , silver jewellery and the many large stone crosses that still dot the island landscape . a monastery founded in 563 at iona by the irish monk saint columba began a period of christian missionary work that brought celtic culture and learning to scotland , england and the frankish lands of continental europe after the fall of rome . these missions continued until the late middle ages , establishing monasteries and centres of learning , teaching saints such as sedulius scottus and johannes eriugena and exerting great influence in europe . from the 9th century , waves of viking raiders plundered irish cities and towns . these raids contributed to a culture of raiding and endemic warfare that was already deep @ - @ rooted in ireland . the vikings also were instrumental in establishing most of the major viking settlements in ireland : dublin , limerick , cork , wexford , waterford , and also carlingford , strangford , annagassan , arklow ,youghal , lough foyle and lough ree . = = = norman and irish . = = = on 1 may 1169 , an expedition of cambro @ - @ norman ##s with an army of about six hundred landed at bannow strand in re @ - @ , county wexford . it was led by richard de clare , called strongbow due to his prowess as an archer . the landing , which coincided with a period of rapid irish expansion , was at the invitation of dermot mac murrough , the king of leinster . in 1166 , mac murrough had fled to normandy , france , following a war with tighearnan ua ruairc , of breifne , and sought the assistance of the angevin king , henry ii , in recapturing his kingdom . in 1171 , henry arrived in ireland in order to review the possible progress of the invasion . he sought to re @ - @ assert his authority over the country which was well beyond his borders . henry successfully re @ - @ asserted his authority over strongbow and the cambro @ - @ norman warlords and persuaded all of the irish bishops to acknowledge him as their overlord , an act confirmed in the 1175 treaty of limerick . the invasion was legitimised by the publication of the papal bull laudabiliter , issued by henry iv in 1155 . the bull allowed henry to establish control over ireland in order to advance the religious and administrative reorganisation of the irish church and its integration into the roman catholic hierarchy . liturgical reforms had already begun at the ecclesiastical level following the synod of kells in 1152 . there has been some controversy regarding the authenticity of laudabiliter , and there is no general consensus as to whether the bull is genuine or a fabrication . in 1172 , the new pope , alexander iii , had encouraged henry to promote the unification of the irish church with rome . henry was authorised to levy a tithe of one penny per annum as an annual contribution . this annual contribution , called peter ' s tax , was extant in ireland as a poll tax . in return , john received the title of lord of ireland which he bestowed upon his younger brother , john lackland , in 1185 . this defined the irish church as the church of ireland . when henry ' s successor died childless in 1199 , john inherited the throne of england and created the kingdom of ireland . in the centuries that followed , the feudal ##ism had replaced the gaelic brehon , so that by the late 13th century thethe @ - @ settlers quickly established a legal system throughout much of ireland . these settlements were accompanied by the establishment of baronies , manors , monasteries and the seeds of the modern legal system . a version of the magna carta ( the great charter of ireland ) , substituting dublin for parliament and irish church for church of ireland , was published in 1216 and the parliament of ireland was established in 1297 . from the late @ - @ 14th century , after the black death , norman rule in ireland went into a period of decline . the @ ##s and the native irish population fled and the areas under norman rule became gaelicised . in some areas , a hybrid hiberno @ - @ norman culture emerged . in response , the irish parliament passed the statutes of kilkenny in 1367 . these were a set of laws designed to facilitate the assimilation of the normans into irish society by requiring english subjects in ireland to speak english , follow english customs and live by english law . by the end of the 15th century , english influence in ireland had all but disappeared and a renewed irish culture and language , albeit with norman influence , was dominant there . english crown rule remained relatively strong in an amorphous area around dublin known as the pale , and under the provisions of poynings ' act of 1494 , the irish legal system was subject to the approval of the english parliament . = = = the kingdom of ireland = = = the title of king of ireland was re @ - @ created in 1542 by henry viii , the king of england , of the tudor dynasty . english control of ireland was reinforced and expanded in ireland during the early part of the 16th century , leading to the tudor conquest of ireland . a near complete conquest was achieved by the turn of the 17th century , following the nine years ' war and the rising of the north . this conquest was further enhanced during the wars and revolutions of the 17th century , which saw english and scottish colonisation in the plantations of ulster , the wars of the three kingdoms and the williamite wars . irish losses during the wars of the three kingdoms ( which , in ireland , included the irish rebellion and the english conquest of ireland ) are estimated to include 20 @ , @ 000 battlefield casualties . 50 @ , @ 000 irish are estimated to have died as a result of a combination of disease @ - @ , famine , disease , military activity and pestilence during the duration of the war . a further 50 @ , @ 000 were forced into indentured service in thewest indies . some historians believe that as many as half of the pre @ - @ irish population of ireland may have died as a result of the famine . the religious struggles of the 17th century left a deep sectarian rift in ireland . religious allegiance ##s were the nature in ireland of opposition to the irish people and government . with the passing of the test act 1672 , and with the victory of the forces of the dual monarchy of william and mary over the jacobites , roman catholics and irish protestant dissenters were barred from sitting as mps in the irish parliament . under the emerging penal laws , irish roman catholics and dissenters were increasingly deprived of various and sundry civil rights even to the ownership of private property . see british penal legislation in 1703 , 1709 and 1728 . this completed a major political effort to economically disadvantage roman catholics and protestant protestants , while enriching a new ruling class of irish ##s . the new anglo @ - @ irish ruling class became known as the protestant elite . an extraordinary climatic shock known as the " great famine " struck ireland and the rest of europe between september 1739 and september 1741 , after a decade of relatively mild weather . the winters destroyed many crops of grain and other crops and the hot summers severely affected harvests . this culminated in the famine of 1740 . an estimated 250 @ , @ 000 people ( about one in four of the population ) died from the ensuing pestilence and disease . the irish government halted export of corn and kept the famine in check but did little more . local gentry and charitable organisations provided relief but could do little to reduce the high mortality . in the aftermath of the famine , an increase in agricultural production and a surge in population brought a series of construction booms . the population grew in the latter part of this century and the architectural masterpiece of modern ireland was built . in 1782 , poynings ' act was passed , giving ireland legislative independence from great britain for the first time since 1495 . the british parliament , however , still retained the right to nominate the president of ireland without the consent of the irish parliament . = = = union with great britain = = = in 1798 , members of the protestant dissenter community ( mainly quakers ) made common cause with irish catholics in a popular rebellion inspired and led by the society of united ireland , with the aim of creating an independent ireland . despite aid from france the rebellion was put down by british and irish police and military forces . in 1800 , the british and irish parliaments both passed acts of union that , withand from 1 january 1801 , merging the kingdom of ireland and the kingdom of great britain to create a united kingdom of great britain and ireland . the passage of the bill through the irish parliament was not met with substantial success , having failed at the first attempt in 1799 . according to contemporary documents and historical analysis , this was achieved through a high degree of secrecy , with information provided by the british secret service agents , and the use of titles , estates and honours to secure votes . eventually , the parliament of ireland was dissolved and replaced by a united parliament at westminster in london , though resistance continued , as exemplified by robert emmet ' s failed irish rebellion of 1803 . apart from the development of the linen industry , ireland was largely passed over by the industrial revolution , partly because it lacked coal and iron resources and partly because of the effects of the sudden union with the structurally superior kingdom of britain , which eliminated ireland as a source of agricultural labour and capital . the great famine of the 1840s caused the deaths of two million irish people and over a million more attempted to escape it . by the end of the decade , half of irish emigration to the united kingdom came from ireland . the period of civil unrest that followed until the middle of the 19th century is referred to as the civil war . mass emigration became increasingly discouraged and the population continued to decline until the mid @ - @ 20th century . immediately prior to the famine the population was estimated at 8 @ . @ 2 million by the 1841 census . the population has not returned to this level since . the population continued to fall until 1961 and it was not until the 2006 census that the only county of ireland ( county leitrim ) to show a rise in population since 1841 did so . the 19th and early 20th centuries saw the rise of modern irish nationalism , primarily among the roman catholic population . the pre @ - @ eminent irish nationalist figure during the famine was daniel o ' connell . he was elected as member of parliament for ennis in a surprise result and despite being unable to take his seat as a roman catholic . o ' connell launched a reform campaign that was taken up by the prime minister , the irish @ - @ eminent politician and statesman , the duke of wellington . pushing the catholic emancipation bill through parliament , aided by future prime minister robert peel , he prevailed upon a reluctant william iv to sign the bill and proclaim it into law . wellington ' s father had opposed the decision of the british prime minister , pitt the younger , to introduce such a bill after the union of 1801 , fearing catholic emancipation to occur inconflict with the act of settlement 1701 . daniel o ' connell led the subsequent campaign , for the repeal of the act of settlement , which failed . later in the century , charles stewart parnell and others campaigned for autonomy within the union , or " home rule " . nationalists , especially those based in ulster , were strongly opposed to home rule , which they feared would be dominated by british interests . after several attempts to get a home rule bill through parliament , it looked likely that one would finally pass in 1914 . to prevent this from happening , the ulster volunteers were formed in 1913 under the leadership of edward carson . their formation was followed in 1914 by the establishment of the irish volunteers , whose purpose was to ensure that the home rule act was passed . the act was passed , with the " temporary " exception of the six counties of ulster that would become northern ireland . before it could be implemented , however , the act was suspended for the duration of the first world war . the irish volunteers split into two groups . the majority , approximately 15 @ , @ 000 in number , under john redmond , took the name irish volunteers and opposed irish participation in the war . a minority , approximately 13 @ , @ 000 , took the irish volunteers ' name , and opposed britain ' s involvement in the war . the easter rising of 1916 was carried out by the latter , along with a smaller republican group , the irish citizen army . the british authorities , arresting the leaders of the rebellion over a period of ten days and imprisoning and killing more than a thousand people , turned the tide of the public in favour of the ira . support for irish independence fell further due to the ongoing war in europe , as well as the conscription crisis of 1918 . the pro @ - @ irish republican party , sinn fein , received overwhelming endorsement in the general election of 1918 , and in 1919 proclaimed the irish republic , setting up its own parliament ( dail eireann ) and government . initially the volunteers , which became known as the irish republican army ( ira ) , fought a three @ - @ year guerrilla war , which ended in a ceasefire in june 1921 ( although fighting continued until june 1922 , mostly in southern ireland ) . = = = partition = = = in december 1921 , the anglo @ - @ irish treaty was concluded between the british government and representatives of the first dail . it gave ireland full autonomy in its internal affairs and full independence for foreign affairs , while the no @ - @ out clause allowed for ireland to remain within the united kingdom , which it immediately exercised as well . however , anoath of allegiance to the treaty was to be taken . disagreements over these provisions led to a split in the nationalist party and a subsequent bloody civil war between the provisional government of the irish free state and those opposed to the treaty , led by eamon de valera . the civil war officially ended in may 1923 when de valera issued a = @ - @ war order . = = = = independence = = = = during its first decade , the newly formed irish free state was dominated by the effects of the civil war . when de valera took power , he took advantage of the statute of westminster and political circumstances to build upon promises to greater independence made by the british government . the oath was abolished and in 1937 a new constitution was adopted . this began a process of gradual independence from the british empire that it had begun since independence . however , it was not until 1949 that the state was declared , officially , to be the republic of ireland . the state remained neutral during world war ii , but provided military assistance to the allies , particularly in the potential invasion of northern ireland . despite their country ' s neutrality , approximately 1 @ , @ 000 volunteers from independent ireland joined the british army during the war , some being awarded victoria crosses . the abwehr was also active in ireland . german radio surveillance effectively ended in september 1941 when they ordered arrests on the basis of surveillance carried out by the various allied governments in dublin , including that of the united states . to the authorities , neutrality was a fundamental line of defense . with a standing army of only just over seven thousand men at the start of the war , and with limited supplies of modern weapons , the state would have had little interest in defending itself from invasion from either side in the conflict . = @ - @ wartime inflation marked much of the post @ - @ wwii period ( particularly during the 1950s and 1960s ) , but beginning in 1987 the economy recovered , and the 1990s saw the beginning of substantial economic growth . this period of growth became known as the celtic tiger . the republic ' s annual gdp grew by an average of 7 @ . @ 1 % per year between 1995 and 1999 , in which year the country joined the eu . in 2000 , it was the 9 @ - @ richest country in the world in terms of gdp per capita . social changes also occurred during this time , most notably with the decline in popularity of the catholic church . the financial crisis that began in 2008 dramatically accelerated this period of boom . gdp grew by 3 % in 2008 and by 7 @ . @ 1 % in2009 , the worst year since records began ( although employment by foreign @ - @ owned businesses continues to grow ) . the state has since experienced deep recession , with unemployment , which peaked during 2009 , remaining at 30 % in 2012 . = = = = northern ireland = = = = northern ireland was created as a division of the united kingdom by the government of ireland act 1920 and until 1972 it was a separate @ - @ communal jurisdiction within the united kingdom with its own parliament and prime minister . northern ireland , as part of the united kingdom , was officially neutral during the second world war and belfast suffered four bombing raids in 1941 . conscription was not extended to northern ireland and roughly an equal number volunteered from northern ireland as volunteered from the south . one , james joseph magennis , received the victoria cross for valour . although northern ireland was largely spared the violence of the civil war , the decades that followed partition there were numerous episodes of inter @ - @ communal violence . nationalists , mainly irish catholic , wanted to keep it as an independent state , whereas unionists , mainly protestant , wanted northern ireland to remain in the united kingdom . the protestant and catholic communities in northern ireland voted overwhelmingly along unionist lines , meaning that the government of northern ireland ( elected as " first @ - @ past @ - @ the @ - @ parliament " from 1929 ) was controlled by the ulster unionist party . over time , the irish catholic community felt increasingly isolated with further divisions fuelled by issues such as segregation and discrimination in housing and employment . in the late 1960s , these grievances were expressed particularly in the civil rights protests , which were often followed by violent counter @ - @ protests . the government ' s response to this was said to be one @ - @ sided and one @ - @ handed in support of unionists . law and order broke down and protests and counter @ - @ communal violence ensued . the northern ireland government sent the british army to aid the protesters , who were exhausted after several nights of serious fighting . in 1969 , the paramilitary provisional ira , which supported the creation of a united ireland , emerged from a split in the irish republican army and began a campaign against what it called the " british invasion of the four counties " . other groups , on both the loyalist side and the republican side , engaged in violence and a period known as the troubles began . over 3 @ , @ 600 deaths occurred over the subsequent three decades of conflict . owing to the widespread unrest during the troubles , the british government suspended home rule in 1972 and thedirect rule . there were several unsuccessful attempts to end the troubles politically , such as the sunningdale agreement of 1973 . in 1998 , following a ceasefire between the provisional ira and multi @ - @ party talks , the good friday agreement was signed as a compromise between the british and irish governments , following the terms agreed in the multi @ - @ party talks . the text of the agreement ( formally referred to as the belfast agreement ) was later endorsed by referendums in both parts of ireland . the agreement restored power @ - @ government to northern ireland on the basis of power @ - @ sharing , a single executive drawn from the political parties in a single northern ireland assembly , with entrenched protections for the two ethnic communities . the assembly was jointly led by a first minister and deputy first minister drawn from the unionist and nationalist parties . violence had decreased greatly after the provisional ira and loyalist ceasefires in 1994 and in 2005 the provisional ira announced the end of its bombing campaign and an independent commission supervised its disarmament and that of other nationalist and unionist paramilitary groups . the assembly and power @ - @ sharing executive were suspended several times but were restored again in 2007 . later that year the british government officially ended its military support of the ira in northern ireland ( operation storm ) and began withdrawing support . on 27 june 2012 , northern ireland ' s deputy first minister and provisional ira leader , martin mcguinness , shook hands with queen elizabeth ii in london , signalling reconciliation between the two sides . = = = = = politically , the island is divided between the republic of ireland , an independent state , and northern ireland ( a constituent state of the united kingdom ) . they share an open border and both are part of the common defence area . both the republic of ireland and the united kingdom are members of the european union , and as a consequence there is free movement of people , goods , services and capital across the border . = = = republic of ireland = = = the republic of ireland is a parliamentary democracy based on the british model , with a republican constitution and a popularly elected president who has mostly limited powers . the government is headed by the prime minister , the president , who is appointed by the government on the advice of the upper house of parliament , the dail . members of the government are chosen from both the dail and the lower house of parliament , the senate . its capital is dublin . the republic today ranks amongst the wealthiest nations in the world in terms of gdp per capita and in 2012 was ranked the fourth most wealthiest nation in the world by theunited nations ' human development index . the period of rapid economic expansion from 1995 onwards became known as the celtic tiger period , until coming to an end in 2008 with an international financial crisis and general economic collapse in 2009 . = = = northern ireland = = = northern ireland is a part of the united kingdom with a local executive and assembly which exercise legislative powers . the executive is jointly headed by the first and deputy @ - @ first minister , with the powers being allocated in accordance with each party ' s representation in the assembly . the capital is belfast . most legislative power is exercised by the uk parliament , from which northern ireland has emerged from intermittent periods of british rule during which legislative powers have been suspended . northern ireland elects most of the uk house of commons ' 650 mps . the northern ireland executive is a co @ - @ island post in the british government . along with england , wales and scotland , northern ireland is one of the three separate legal jurisdictions of the uk , all of which share the supreme court of the united kingdom as their court of final appeal . = = = co @ - @ island institutions = = = as part of the good friday agreement , the british and irish governments agreed on the implementation of all @ - @ island policies and areas of cooperation . the north / south executive council is the body through which ministers from the government of ireland and the northern ireland executive implement all @ - @ island policies . at least one of these policy areas must have an associated co @ - @ island " implementation bodies " and at least six others must be implemented separately in that area . the implementation bodies are : waterways ireland , the food safety promotion board , intertradeireland , the northern european union programmes body , the north / south development body and the foyle , carlingford and northern ireland board . the british – irish intergovernmental conference provides for co @ - @ operation between the government of ireland and the parliament of the united kingdom on any matter of mutual interest , especially northern ireland . in light of the republic ' s strong interest in the affairs of northern ireland , " regular and frequent " visits co @ - @ island by the roi minister for constitutional affairs and the british secretary of state for northern ireland , dealing with non @ - @ devolved issues to do with northern ireland and other @ - @ devolved co @ - @ ireland issues , are required to take place under the lisbon treaty . the north / south joint @ - @ island association is a representative legislative body for the island of ireland . it has no legislative powers but operatesproviding a forum for discussing matters of common interest between the respective legislatures . = = = = = despite the two jurisdictions having two separate currency ( the euro and pound sterling ) , a growing amount of commercial activity is carried out on an all @ - @ economic basis . this has been facilitated by the two jurisdictions ' shared membership of the european union , and there have been calls from members of the business community and policymakers for the creation of an " all @ - @ irish economy " to take advantage of economies of scale and boost competitiveness . there are two multi @ - @ city markets on the island of ireland : belfast @ - @ belfast corridor - 3 @ . @ 3 m limerick @ - @ limerick @ - @ galway corridor - 1 m below is a comparison of the regional gdp of the republic of ireland . the bmw region of the republic of ireland ( consisting of connacht , counties laois , offaly , westmeath , longford , donegal , monaghan , cavan , louth ) the a & b region of the republic of ireland ( consisting of munster , counties kildare , wicklow , meath , kildare , kilkenny , carlow , wexford ) . = = = energy = = = ireland has an agricultural economy based on peat ( known locally as " turf " ) as a source of fuel for forest fires . a form of renewable energy , this source of heat is still widely used in rural areas . however , due to the increasing use of peatlands for domestic heat and their exploitation , the government is attempting to protect this habitat by burning them if they are dug up . in cities , heat is primarily supplied by heating oil , although some heat suppliers use " peat of turf " as " smokeless fuel " . the area in which the economy operates as a single market is rare . for most of their existence electricity networks in the republic of ireland and northern ireland were entirely separate . these systems were designed and operated independently before partition . however , as a result of changes in recent years they are now linked with european interlinks and are connected through great britain to mainland europe . the situation in northern ireland is complicated by the number of power plants not supplying northern ireland electricity ( nie ) with enough power . in the republic of ireland , the esb has failed to modernise its power plants and the availability of these plants has recently averaged only 66 % , one of the lowest electricity levels in western europe . eirgrid is building an hvdc transmission system between ireland and great britain with a capacity of 1mw , about 10 % of ireland ' s peak demand . as with britain , the irish gas distribution system has a single all @ - @ line , with a link between gormanston , county meath , and ballyclare , county antrim completed in 2007 . most of ireland ' s gas comes from interconnectors between twynholm in dublin and ballylumford , county antrim and loughshinny , county dublin . a decreasing supply , coming from the kinsale gas field off the county cork coast and the corrib gas field off the coast of county mayo has begun to come on @ - @ lines . the north mayo project is facing some local opposition following a controversial decision to refine the gas onshore . the republic of ireland has shown a strong commitment to green energy , ranking as one of the top 10 countries for cleantech technologies in the 2014 global green economy report . investment and investment in ireland in renewable energy such as wind power has increased since 2004 . new wind farms are being built in several counties such as cork , donegal , mayo and antrim . the construction of wind farms has in some cases been delayed by opposition from local residents , some of whom overall consider the wind farms to be obsolete . the republic of ireland is also plagued by an ageing infrastructure that is not able to handle the high levels of power that comes from wind farms . the esb ' s turlough storage facility is the only all @ - @ storage facility in the country . = = = = = the republic of ireland is located in the all @ - @ region of europe , between latitude 55 ° and 56 ° n , and longitudes 4 ° and 5 ° w . it is separated from the main island of great britain by the irish sea and the north channel , which has a width of 22 km ( 14 mi ) at its narrowest point . to the north is the north atlantic ocean and to the south is the mediterranean sea , which lies between brittany and brittany , in france . ireland has a total area of 84 @ , @ 421 km2 ( 32 @ , @ 595 sq mi ) . ireland and great britain , together with many nearby smaller islands , are known collectively as the british isles . as the term british isles is controversial in relation to ireland , the alternative term britain and ireland is often used as a neutral term for the islands . a series of coastal mountains dominate the area in the centre of the island . the largest of these is carrauntoohil ( irish : corran tuathail )in county kerry , which rises to 1 @ , @ 038 m ( 3 @ , @ 406 ft ) above sea level . the best flat land lies in the province of leinster . these areas can be mountainous and rocky with extensive panoramic vistas . the river shannon , the world ' s longest river at 386 km ( 240 mi ) long , rises in county cavan in the north west and flows 113 kilometres ( 70 mi ) to cork city in the south west . the island ' s lush vegetation , a product of its mild climate and frequent rainfall , earns it the nickname the green island . overall , ireland has a mild but humid oceanic climate with few extremes . the climate is typically insular and is generally avoiding the extremes of climate of many other areas in the world at similar times . this is a result of the moderating trade winds which ordinarily prevail from the - @ - @ the atlantic . rain falls throughout the year but is light overall , particularly in the east . the west tends to be wetter on average and subject to severe storms , especially in the late autumn and winter months . these storms bring stronger winds and higher total rainfall to these areas , as well as sometimes hail and hail . the regions of west county galway and east county donegal have the most number of recorded lightning strikes for the uk , with strikes occurring on up to ten days per year in these areas . munster , in the south , records the least , whereas ulster , in the north , records the most . inland areas are warmer in summer and colder in winter . usually only 40 days of the year are above - 0 ° c ( 0 ° f ) at inland weather stations , compared to 30 days at coastal stations . ireland is occasionally affected by heat waves , most recently in 1995 , 2003 , 2006 and 2013 . in comparison with the rest of europe , ireland experienced unusually cold weather during the winter of 2009 / 10 . temperatures were as low as − ##1 @ . @ 2 ° c ( 1 ° f ) in county donegal on 1 december and up to a metre ( 3 ft ) of snow fell in mountainous areas . the island consists of several geological regions . in the far north , between county galway and county donegal , is a medium to high grade metamorphic and igneous complex of caledonide rocks , similar to the scottish highlands . across southeast ulster and extending southwest to longford and east to navan is a province of ordovician and silurian rocks , with similarities to the scottish uplands provinceof scotland . further south , along the county wexford coast , is an expansion of granite intrusives into lower ordovician and cambrian rocks , like that found in wales . in the west , around bantry bay and the mountains of macgillicuddy ' s reeks , is an area of partially developed , but only partially developed , devonian @ - @ aged rocks . this thin layer of " red sandstone " geology is covered by a layer of red shale in the centre of the island , giving rise to a very flat and open landscape . the upper @ - @ in district of the burren and lisdoonvarna has well @ - @ aged karst rocks . significant stratiform lead @ - @ aged mineralisation is found in the limestones around silvermines and tynagh . hydrocarbon exploration is underway with the first major discovery at the kinsale head gas field in wexford in the mid @ - @ period . in 1999 , further significant discoveries of natural gas were made at the corrib gas field off the county mayo coast . this has increased production on the west coast , parallel with the " gulf of shetland " step @ - @ # ##flow from the north sea oil field . the helvick oil field , estimated to contain over 40 million barrels ( 300 @ , @ 400 @ , @ 000 m³ ) of oil , is another recent discovery . landscapes = = = points of interest = = = there are three world heritage sites on the island : the bru na boinne , skellig rock and the giant ' s causeway . a number of other sites are on the tentative list , for example the burren , the ceide ##n and the ##joy . some of the most famous sites in ireland include bunratty castle , the ruins of cashel , the falls of moher , holy trinity abbey and dublin castle . other important historic sites include glendalough and clonmacnoise , which are protected as national monuments in the republic of ireland . dublin is the most heavily touristed city and home to several of the most popular attractions such as the dublin tower and book of kells . the west and south coast , which includes the towns of killarney and the dingle peninsula in county kerry and connemara and the aran islands in county galway , are also popular tourist destinations . achill island lies off the coast of county cork and is ireland ' s largest island . it is a popular tourist destinationfor swimming and contains 5 blue flag beaches and croaghaun one of the worlds highest sea cliffs . historic homes , built during the 17th , 18th and 19th centuries in palladian , georgian and semi @ - @ architectural styles , such as , castle ward , castletown house , bantry house , glenveagh castle are also of interest to visitors . some have been converted into hotels , such as ashford castle , castle leslie and dromoland house . world heritage site = = flora and fauna = = because ireland was separated from mainland europe by rising sea levels before the last ice age was completely finished , ireland has fewer native animal and plant species than great britain , which separated itself , from mainland europe . there are 55 mammal species in ireland and of them only 26 land mammal species are considered native to ireland . mammal species , such as , the red fox , hedgehog and badger , are very common , whereas others , like the european hare , red deer and pine marten are less common . marine wildlife , such as species of sea turtle , shark , dolphin , whale , and dolphin , are common off the coast . over 400 species of birds have been recorded in ireland . many of these are migratory , including the barn swallow . several natural habitat types are found in ireland , including grassland , oak woodland , mixed broadleaf and mixed forests , conifer forest , peat bog and a variety of coastal habitats . however , technology drives current land use patterns in ireland , creating natural habitat preserves , particularly for large wild mammals with large territorial ranges . with no known natural predators in ireland other than humans and deer , such populations of mammals as semi @ - @ wild mammals that cannot be killed by other predators , such as the fox , are threatened by annual extinction . there are no mammals in ireland and only one species of lizard ( the common lizard ) is native to the island . extinct mammals include the irish elk , the great dane and the eagle . some previously extinct birds , such as the golden eagle , been reintroduced in around the year 2000 after centuries of decline . until medieval times ireland was heavily forested with oak , pine and beech . forests today cover about 4 @ . @ 6 % of ireland , of which 4 @ , @ 450 km ² or one million acres is managed by coillte , the republic ' s forestry service . as of 2012 the island is one of the largest forested islands in europe . much of the island is densely covered with forest and there are many species of wild @ - @ trees . the( ulex europaeus ) , a wild oak , is often found growing in the uplands and they are common in the more moist areas , especially in the western part . it is home to hundreds of plant species , some of them unique to the island , and has been " invaded " by some grasses , such as iris anglica . the algal and algae community resembles that of the cold @ - @ marine environment . the total number of species is 574 and is distributed as follows : 264 rhodophyta ( red algae ) 152 algae ( brown algae and fungi ) 114 chloropyta ( green algae ) 57 algae ( blue @ - @ green algae ) other species include : itonoa marginifera ( a . agardh ) masuda & guiry schmitzia hiscockiana maggs & guiry gelidiella calcicola maggs & guiry gelidium maggsiae rico & guiry halymenia latifolia j . m . crouan & j . l . crouan ex kutzing . the island has been invaded by many species , some of which are now well established . for example : asparagopsis armara harvey , which originated in australia and was first recorded by m . de valera in 1939 colpomenia peregrina sauvageau , which is also locally abundant and first recorded in the area sargassum muticum ( yendo ) fensholt , now well established in a number of locations on the south , west , and north @ - @ sea coasts codium fragile ssp . fragile ( formerly known as ssp . tomentosum ) , now well established . codium fragile ssp . atlanticum has been reported to be native , although for many years it was regarded as an alien species . because of its mild climate , many trees , including cold @ - @ deciduous trees such as plane trees , are grown in ireland . phytogeographically , ireland belongs to the temperate forest zone of the circumboreal realm within the united kingdom . the island itself can be divided into two ecoregions : the celtic mixed forests and north atlantic mixed deciduous forests . = = = history of agriculture = = = the natural history of land use , combined with present day environmental practices such as drainage and irrigation , and runoff from agriculture into streams , rivers and lakes , and the effectsfresh @ - @ healthy ecosystems and landscapes placed pressure on agriculture in ireland . a lack of open land for crop rotation and cattle grazing reduced the space available for the establishment of native plant species . hedgerows , however , now used for fencing and demarcating land uses , serve as a habitat for many wild plants . this area stretches across the island and acts as a network of corridors to preserve remnants of the forests that once covered the island . policies of the common agricultural policy , which encourage agricultural practices that created hedgerow ##s , are undergoing reforms . the common agricultural policy had in the past encouraged less destructive agricultural practices , for example by emphasising production without any restrictions on indiscriminate use of chemicals and pesticides ; but reforms have also decoupled subsidies from production , and introduced environmental and other factors . forest covers approximately 1 @ . @ 1 % of the country , most of it designated for primary production . these areas typically consist of monoculture plantations of fresh @ - @ native trees , which may result in habitats that are not suitable for supporting native species of plants . remnants of ancient forests can be found all around the island , in particular in the killarney national park . some areas require fencing to prevent fresh @ - @ grazing by cattle and pigs that roam over these areas . agriculture in this area is one of the main factors in the natural regeneration of forests across many parts of the country . = = demographics = = people have lived in ireland for over 9 @ , @ 000 years . the different periods are the neolithic , neolithic , bronze age , and iron age . irish historical and archaeological records note the presence of major groups such as the cruthin , corcu loigde , dal ##a , dairine , deirgtine , delbhna , erainn , laigin , ulaid . the later major groups included the connachta , ciannachta , eoganachta . smaller groups include the aithechthuatha ( see attacotti ) , calraighe , ciarraige , conmaicne , dartraighe , deisi , eile , an bolg , fortuatha , gailenga , gamanraige , mairtine , muscraige , partraige , soghain , uaithni , ui maine , ui liathain . some survived into late medieval times , others vanished as they became increasingly unimportant . over the next 1200 years , the, normans , welsh , english , scots , germans , africans , eastern europeans and south africans have all added to the population and have a significant influence on irish culture . ireland ' s largest religious group is christianity . the largest denomination is roman catholicism with about 60 % for the island ( and about 87 % of the republic of ireland ) . most of the rest of the population adhere to one of the four largest denominations ( about 48 % of northern ireland ) . the largest is the presbyterian church of ireland . the jewish community is growing in ireland , mostly through recent immigration , with a 50 % increase in the republic between the 2006 and 2011 census . the island has a small christian community . about 10 % of the island ' s population and about 14 % of the northern ireland population identified themselves as of another religion . in a 2010 survey conducted on behalf of the irish times , 32 % of respondents said they went to a religious service more than once a year . the population of ireland grew rapidly from the 16th century until the mid @ - @ 20th century , when a great famine in the 1840s caused two million deaths and caused about one million more to emigrate in its tragic wake . in the following decade the population was reduced by over half , at a time when the general trend in european countries was for population to increase by an average of 10 @ - @ fold . = = = divisions and settlements = = = traditionally , ireland is subdivided into four provinces : connacht ( west ) , leinster ( east ) , munster ( south ) , and ulster ( north ) . in a system that developed between the 13th and 17th centuries , ireland has 32 historic counties . = @ - @ six of these counties are in the republic of ireland and six are in northern ireland . the nine counties that form southern ireland are all in the province of ulster ( which includes nine counties in ulster ) . as such , ireland is often used as a synonym for northern ireland , although the provinces are not coterminous . in the republic of ireland , counties form the basis of the system of local government . counties dublin , cork , limerick , galway , waterford and tipperary have been broken up into separate administrative areas . however , they are still treated as counties for cultural and some official purposes , for example postal addresses and by the ordnance survey ireland . counties in northern ireland are no longer used for local government purposes , but , as in the republic , their traditional boundaries are still used for recreational purposes such as sports , and in cultural or official contexts . city status in ireland is decided by legislative or royal charter. dublin , with over 1 million residents in the greater dublin area , is the largest city on the island . belfast , with 579 @ , @ 726 residents , is the largest city in northern ireland . city status does not necessarily equate with population size . for example , armagh , with 9 @ , @ 590 is the seat of the church of ireland and the roman catholic church of all ireland and was 4 @ - @ granted city status by queen elizabeth ii in 1994 ( it lost that status under the government reforms of 1840 ) . in the republic of ireland , kilkenny , seat of the butler government , while no longer a city for administrative purposes ( since the 2001 local government reform ) , is entitled by law to continue to use the description . = = = migration = = = the population of ireland declined rapidly during the second half of the 19th century . a population of about 8 million in 1841 was reduced to no more than 1 million in 1921 . in part , the fall in population was due to famine from the great famine of 1845 to 1852 , which took over 2 million lives . however , by far the largest cause of the decline was the poor economic condition of the country which led to an intense culture of emigration lasting until the 21st century . immigration from ireland in the 19th century contributed to the growth of britain , the united states , canada and australia , where a large irish diaspora exists . as of 2006 , 4 @ . @ 5 million canadians , or 10 % of the population , are of irish descent . as of 2013 , a total of 34 @ . @ 5 million americans claim irish ancestry . with increased immigration since the last decade of the 20th century , ireland became a destination for immigrants . since the european union expanded to include poland in 2004 , polish people have made up the largest number of immigrants ( over 300 @ , @ 000 ) from central europe . there has also been significant immigration from lithuania , the czech republic and latvia . the republic of latvia in particular has seen large @ - @ scale immigration , with 420 @ , @ 000 foreign births as of 2006 , or 10 % of the population . a quarter of births ( 10 percent ) in 2009 were to people born outside ireland . chinese and vietnamese , along with people from north african countries , have accounted for a large proportion of the irish – european union immigrants to ireland . close to 200 @ , @ 000 eastern and central european migrant workers entered ireland in response to the 2008 financial crisis . = = = languages = = = two main languages are spoken in ireland : irish and german. these languages have widely contributed to irish . irish , now a minority but official language of the republic of ireland , was the language of the irish people for over a thousand years and was probably spoken by some groups of proto @ - @ class people during the iron age , possibly earlier . it continued to be written down after christianisation in the 5th century and spread to scotland and the isle of man where it evolved into the scottish gaelic and manx languages respectively . the irish language has a vast treasure of written sources from many centuries , and is divided by linguists into old irish from the 5th to 10th century , middle irish from the 10th to 18th century , the modern irish until the 19th century , and the modern irish of today . irish was the dominant language of ireland for most of those periods , having influences from latin , old norse , french and german . it declined under british rule but remained the mother tongue until the late 20th century , and since then has been a minority language , although revival ##s are continuing in both the republic of ireland and northern ireland . gaeltacht and irish @ - @ speaking areas are currently seeing a decline in the population . the main gaeltacht areas are in the north of the country , in donegal , mayo , cork and kerry with smaller gaeltacht areas in dungarvan , waterford , navan , county meath , and the king ' s estate in belfast . irish language is a compulsory subject in the state education system of the republic , and the gaelscoil system has seen many irish medium schools established in both jurisdictions . english was first introduced to ireland in the norman period . it was spoken by a few peasants and merchants brought over from england , and was largely replaced by irish after the norman conquest of ireland . english was introduced as the official language with the tudor and stuart periods . the ulster plantations gave english a permanent foothold in ulster , and it remained the official and upper @ - @ class language elsewhere , the first @ - @ class kings and queens having been deposed . language shift during the 19th century replaced irish with english as the first language for a vast majority of the population . less than 10 % of the population of the republic of ireland can speak irish regularly outside of the education system and 10 % of those over 15 years are classified as " irish speakers " . in northern ireland , english is the de facto official language , but official status is given to irish , including specific legal status under part i of the european charter for regional or minority languages . a lesser status ( including recognition under part ii ofthe latter ) is similar to the scots dialects , which are spoken by about 2 % of northern ireland residents , and also spoken by many in the republic of ireland . since the 1960s with the increase in immigration , many more languages have been spoken , particularly deriving from asia and eastern europe . = = culture = = ireland ' s culture combines elements of the culture of ancient ireland , with print and broadcast media influences ( irish popular culture , literature , christianity and aspects of modern western culture ) . in broad terms , ireland is regarded as one of the celtic nations of europe , alongside scotland , wales , cornwall , isle of man and wales . this range of cultural influences is visible in the decorative patterns of irish interlace and irish knotwork . these can be seen in the ornamentation of medieval churches and secular buildings . the style is still popular today in decorative and graphic arts , as is the distinctive style of traditional irish music and dance , and has become indicative of the " irish " language in general . religion has played a significant role in the cultural life of the island since ancient times ( and since the 19th century onwards , has been the focus of national identity and identity on the island ) . ireland ' s pre @ - @ irish heritage fused with the celtic tradition through the missions of saint patrick in the 6th century . the hiberno @ - @ scottish missions , begun by the irish missionary saint columba , brought the irish tradition of christianity to both england and the frankish empire . these missions brought written language to the illiterate population of europe during the dark ages that followed the fall of rome , earning ireland the nickname , " the land of saints and writers " . since the 19th century the irish cities themselves have become , especially those with a wide range of cultural and linguistic influences , centres of irish culture . the republic of ireland ' s national theatre is the abbey theatre , which was founded in 1904 , and the leading irish @ - @ drama group is an taibhdhearc , which was founded in 1928 in dublin . writers such as sean o ' casey , brian friel , sebastian barry , conor ryan and john roche are internationally renowned . = = = literature = = = ireland has made a large contribution to world literature in all its forms , particularly in the english language . poetry in irish is among the oldest vernacular literature in europe , with the earliest examples dating from the 6th century . in particular , jonathan swift , although often considered the first satirist in the english language , was very popular inhis wrote for films such as sullivan ' s opera and a marriage proposal , and oscar wilde is remembered most for his often quoted songs . in the 20th century , ireland produced four winners of the nobel prize for literature : george bernard shaw , william butler yeats , samuel beckett and seamus heaney . although not a nobel prize winner , james joyce is widely considered to be one of the most important writers of the 20th century . joyce ' s 1922 novel ulysses is considered one of the most important works of irish literature and his birthday is celebrated annually on 16 july in dublin as " bloomsday " . modern irish literature is closely connected with its rural origins through writers such as john mcgahern and composers such as seamus heaney . music has been in existence in ireland since ancient times . although in the early middle ages the church was " quite unlike its counterparts in continental europe " , there was considerable interchange between christian settlements in ireland and the rest of europe that contributed to what is known as gregorian chant . outside religious establishments , musical traditions in early modern ireland are referred to as a triad of weeping music ( goltraige ) , singing music ( geantraige ) and sleeping music ( suantraige ) . vocal and instrumental music ( e . g . for the harp , pipes , and various other instruments ) was transmitted orally , and the irish harp , in particular , was of such significance that it became ireland ' s national instrument . classical music following european models was developed in rural areas , in areas of anglo @ - @ irish rule such as dublin castle , st patrick ' s cathedral and christ church as well as the landed estates of the anglo @ - @ english ascendancy , with the first performance of handel ' s messiah ( 1742 ) being among the highlights of the early period . since the 19th century , public concerts gave exposure to classical music to all classes of society . yet , for political and financial reasons ireland has been too poor to provide a living to its people , so the names of the better @ - @ @ irish composers of this period belong to emigrants . irish traditional music and dance has experienced a decline in popularity and global recognition since the 1960s . in the middle years of the 20th century , as irish society was modernising , traditional music had fallen out of favour , especially in rural areas . but during the 1960s , there was a revival of interest in irish traditional music , by groups such as the dubliners , the chieftains , the wolfe tones , the clancy brothers , sweeney ' s men andartists include sean o riada and christy moore . groups and artists like horslips , van morrison and thin lizzy incorporated elements of irish traditional music into their rock music and , during the 1970s and 1980s , the lines between traditional and modern musicians became blurred , with many artists regularly crossing over between these styles of music . this trend can be seen more recently in the work of artists like enya , the spin doctors , the corrs , sinead o ' connor , clannad , the damned and the pogues among others . since then there have been a number of stylistic differences between folk metal and others , while some rock music artists move closer to a " traditional " approach . the best known irish rock art and sculpture are neolithic art found at sites such as newgrange and also traced to bronze age artefacts and the religious art and illuminated manuscripts of the medieval period . during the course of the 19th and 20th centuries , a long tradition of artists emerged , including such figures as william butler yeats , william orpen , jack london and louis le brocquy . other irish rock artists of note include sean scully , kevin abosch , and alice maher . = = = = = = = the irish philosopher and scientist johannes scotus eriugena was considered one of the greatest thinkers of his early middle age . sir ernest edward shackleton , an irish explorer , was one of the principal pioneers of antarctic exploration . he , along with his team , made the first ascent of mount erebus and the discovery of the approximate location of the south magnetic pole . robert boyle , the 17th @ - @ irish natural philosopher , mathematician , physicist , inventor and early gentleman scientist . he is widely regarded one of the founders of modern chemistry and is best known for the discovery of boyle ' s law . 18th century physicist , john tyndall , discovered the tyndall effect . sir nicholas joseph callan , professor of natural philosophy at maynooth college , is best known for his invention of the tesla coil , transformer and he discovered an improved method of induction in the 19th century . other notable irish scientists include ernest rutherford , winner of the 1951 nobel prize in physics . with sir john douglas thomson , he was the first to split the energy of the atom by spontaneous fission and made contributions to the development of a new type of wave equation . william thomson , or lord kelvin , is the person whom the absolute kelvin scale , the kelvin , is named after . sir john larmor , a scottishand mathematician , with contributions to the understanding of probability , statistics , thermodynamics and the quantum theory of matter . his most influential work was aether and matter , a book on theoretical physics published in 1900 . john johnstone stoney introduced the term relativity in 1891 . john stewart bell was the author of bell ' s theorem and a paper concerning the discovery of the x @ - @ jackiw @ - @ adler anomaly and was nominated for the nobel prize . other mathematicians include sir william rowan hamilton , known for work in quantum mechanics and the theory of quaternions . francis ysidro edgeworth ' s contribution of the edgeworth box remains influential in both @ - @ and microeconomic theory to this day ; while richard cantillon and alan smith , among others . michael j . cosgrave was a pioneer in number theory and discovered the 2000 @ - @ digit ##isation number in 1999 and a record 5000 fermat number in 2003 . john lighton synge made progress in different fields of mathematics , including mechanics and geometrical methods in general relativity . he had mathematician john nash as one of his students . ireland has eight universities , six in the republic of ireland and two in northern ireland , including trinity college , dublin and the university college dublin , as well as numerous third @ - @ level colleges and institutes and a branch of the open university , the open university of ireland . = = = sports = = = the republic of ireland fields a single international team in most sports . a notable exception to this is association football , although some associations continued to field international teams under the name " ireland " until the 1990s . the all @ - @ level international competition for soccer , the setanta cup , was created in 2005 . gaelic football is the most popular sport in ireland in terms of match attendance and spectator involvement , with over 100 @ , @ 600 matches on the island . in 2003 it represented 34 % of all match attendances at games in ireland and britain , followed by hurling at 23 % , football at 16 % and rugby at 12 % and the annual @ - @ gaelic football final is the most watched match in the irish calendar . soccer is the most widely played sporting game on the island , and the most popular in northern ireland . athletics , golf , rugby , soccer , cycling , gaelic football and billiards / snooker are the sporting activities with the highest rates of playing participation . the sport is also the only notable exception where the republic of ireland and northern ireland field separate international teams . northern ireland has only two world1 ) . many other sports are also played and followed , including basketball , football , cricket , rugby , greyhound racing , handball , hockey , horse racing , greyhound racing , show jumping and tennis . = = = = = sports = = = = = football , hurling and soccer are the best @ - @ examples of the irish traditional sports , also known as gaelic games . these sports are governed by the gaelic athletic association ( gaa ) , with the exception of ladies ' gaelic football and camogie ( women ' s version of hurling ) , which are governed by separate organisations . the headquarters of the gaa ( and the national stadium ) are located at the all @ , @ @ capacity croke park in north dublin . many other gaa games are played there , including the semi @ - @ finals and finals of the all @ - @ ireland senior football championship and all @ - @ ireland senior hurling championship . during the redevelopment of the lansdowne road stadium in 2007 – football , international rugby and soccer were played there . all gaa players , even at the highest level , are amateurs , earning no wages , although they are able to receive a certain amount of sport @ - @ @ income from commercial sponsorship . the irish football association ( ifa ) was formerly the governing body for soccer across the island . the game has been played in an organised manner in ireland since the 1870s , with cliftonville f . c . in belfast being ireland ' s oldest club . soccer was most popular , especially in its early decades , around belfast and in ulster . however , many clubs based in ireland thought that the ifa largely favoured ulster @ - @ based clubs in such matters as selection for the national team . in 1921 , following an incident in which , despite an earlier promise , the ifa moved an irish cup semi @ - @ final replay from dublin to belfast , ulster @ - @ based clubs broke away to form the football association of the irish free state . today the football association is known as the football association of ireland ( fai ) . after being initially recognised by the home nations ' associations , the fai was recognised by fifa in 1923 and played its first international fixture in 1926 ( against italy ) . however , both the ifa and fai continued to select their teams from the rest of ireland , with some players earning international caps for matches with both associations . fifa also referred to their national teams as teams . in 1950 , fifa directed the associations only to select players from within their respective countries and , in 1953 , ordered that the fai ' s team be known only as" republic of ireland " and that the ifa ' s team was known as " northern ireland " ( with some exceptions ) . northern ireland qualified for the world cup finals in 1958 ( reaching the quarter @ - @ finals ) , 1982 and 1986 . the team qualified for the world cup finals in 1990 ( reaching the quarter @ - @ finals ) , 1994 , 2002 and the european championships in 1988 and 2012 . across europe , there is significant interest in the english and , to a lesser extent , scottish soccer leagues . outside rugby , ireland continues to field a strong national rugby team and a single union , the irish rugby football union ( irfu ) , governs the sport on the island . the irish national team have played in every rugby world cup , making the quarter @ - @ final all three of them . ireland also hosted games during the 1991 and the 1999 rugby world cups ( reaching the quarter @ - @ finals ) . there are four national irish teams ; all three play in the magners league ( now called the rabodirect pro12 ) and at least three qualify for the heineken cup . irish rugby has become increasingly successful at both the national and international levels since the game went national in 1994 . during that time , ulster ( 1999 ) , munster ( 2006 and 2008 ) and leinster ( 2009 , 2011 and 2012 ) have won the heineken cup . in addition to this , the irish international side has seen considerable success in the six nations championship against the other european representative sides . this success , including triple crowns in 2004 , 2006 and 2007 , culminated with a clean sweep of england , billed as a grand slam , in 2009 . = = = = = sports = = = = horse racing and greyhound racing are both popular in ireland . there are regular horse race meetings and greyhound races are regularly @ - @ attended . the island is known for the breeding and racing of race horses and is also a major exporter of hot dogs . the greyhound racing industry is largely concentrated in the county kildare . irish athletics has seen a high success rate since the year 2000 , with sonia o ' sullivan winning two medals at the @ , @ 000 ##m on the track ; gold at the 1995 european championships and silver at the 2000 sydney olympics . gillian o ' sullivan won gold in the 20k walk in the 2003 european championships , while sprint athlete derval o ' rourke won gold at the 2006 european indoor championships in moscow . olive loughnane won a gold medal in the 20k walk in the world indoor championships in paris in 2009 . ireland haswon more medals in boxing than in any other olympic sport . boxing is governed by the irish amateur boxing association . michael carruth won a gold medal and john mccullough won a bronze medal in the barcelona olympic games and in 2008 kenneth egan won a silver medal in the olympic games . paddy barnes secured bronze in those games and gold in the 2010 european amateur golf championships ( where ireland finished 2nd in the overall medal tally ) and 2010 commonwealth games . katie taylor has won gold in every european and world championships since 2005 . in august 2012 at the olympic games in london katie taylor made history by becoming the first irish woman to win a gold medal in judo in the 75 kg lightweight . golf is very popular and golf ##ing is a growing industry with more than 240 @ , @ 000 golfing visitors annually . the 2006 ryder cup was held at the k club in county kildare . padraig harrington became the first european since fred daly in 1947 to win the british open at carnoustie in july 2007 . harrington successfully defended his title in july 2008 before going on to win the pga championship in 2009 . harrington became the first european to win the pga championship in 78 years and also the first winner from ireland . golf players from northern ireland have been particularly successful . in 2010 , graeme mcdowell became the first irish golfer to win the u . s . open , and the first european to win that event since 1970 . rory mcilroy , at the age of 22 , won the 2011 u . s . open , and darren clarke ' s biggest victory was the 2011 open championship at royal st . george ' s . in august 2012 , mcilroy won his 2nd major championship by winning the uspga championship by a record margin of 8 shots . = = = = recreation = = = = the west coast of ireland , lahinch and donegal bay in particular , are popular surfing areas , often fully exposed to the atlantic ocean . donegal bay is shaped like a bowl and catches west / east @ - @ and atlantic currents , with good surf , especially in winter . since just before the year 2010 , bundoran has hosted open championship events . scuba diving is increasingly popular in ireland with calm waters and large numbers of marine life , especially along the irish seaboard . there are also many shipwrecks along the coast of ireland , with some of the best wreck ##s being at malin head and off the county donegal coast . with thousands of divers , over 14 @ , @ 000 km ( 8 @ , @ 700 mi ) of fish bearing rivers and over2 @ , @ 700 km ( 4 @ , @ 430 mi ) of coastline , ireland is a popular angling destination . the temperate irish climate is favourable to salmon angling . while salmon and trout fishing are popular with tourists , salmon fishing in particular received a boost in 2006 with the establishment of the salmon driftnet association . coarse fishing continues to grow in popularity . sea bathing has developed with many beaches mapped and signposted , and the range of sea ##bird species is over 300 . = = = food and cuisine = = = food and cuisine in ireland draws its influence from the crops grown and livestock raised in the country ' s temperate climate and from the social and economic aspects of irish history . for example , whilst from the middle ages until the arrival of the potato in the 19th century the main aspect of the irish economy was the raising of cattle , the number of cattle a family owned directly equated to their social status . cattle herders would avoid owning any milk @ - @ - @ . for this reason , pork and white cattle are more common than beef and the fatty meat of salted bacon ( or sausage ) and the use of salted butter ( i . e . a dairy product rather than beef itself ) have been a common part of the diet of ireland since the middle ages . the practice of bleeding cattle and mixing the blood with milk and water ( not unlike the practice of the maasai ) is common and irish bread , made from blood , flour ( usually wheat ) and seasoning , is a breakfast staple in ireland . all of these influences can be put together in the context of the " breakfast revolution " . the introduction of the potato in the second half of the 18th century heavily influenced ireland thereafter . great poverty encouraged a subsistence approach to food and by the re @ - @ 19th century the vast majority of the population lived with a diet of potatoes and milk . a typical family , consisting of a man , a woman and four children , would eat 18 pounds ( 8 kg ) of food a day . however , dishes that are considered irish national dishes have a fundamental unsophistication to them , such as the irish stew , bacon and sausage , boxty , a type of irish soup , and colcannon , a dish of mashed potatoes and kale or cabbage . since the last quarter of the 20th century , with the re @ - @ accumulation of wealth in ireland , a " new irish cuisine " based on local dishes incorporating foreign influences has emerged . this cuisine isbased on fresh vegetables , seafood ( particularly salmon , trout , oysters , shrimp and other seafood ) , as well as irish soda breads and the wide range of hand @ - @ irish cheeses that are now being produced in the country . the potato is however a fundamental part of this cuisine and the irish are the largest per capita producers of potatoes in ireland . an example of this new cuisine is " dublin potatoes " : potatoes cooked with butter and cream . traditional regional dishes can be found throughout the country , for example coddle in dublin , drisheen in cork , and a type of sausage , or blaa , a doughy irish bread particular to ireland . ireland once dominated the world ' s market for whiskey , producing 40 % of the world ' s whiskey at the start of the 20th century . however , as a result of prohibition during the prohibition in the united states ( who sold their @ - @ irish whiskey with irish @ - @ sounding names thus ending the pre @ - @ irish market for whiskey brands ) and restrictions on irish whiskey in the british empire during the anglo @ - @ irish trade boycott of the 1930s , sales of irish whiskey worldwide dropped to a mere 10 % by the mid @ - @ 20th century . in 1953 , an american government survey , found that 40 per cent of whiskey drinkers in the united states had never heard of irish whiskey . irish whiskey , as researched in 2009 by the cnbc irish broadcaster , is popular , and has grown in its popularity in just a few decades . typically cnbc reported irish whiskey is not as smoky as a scottish whisky , but not as sweet as american or canadian whiskies . it forms the basis of traditional irish liqueurs , such as guinness , and the " irish cocktail " ( a blend of coffee and whiskey reputedly invented at foynes flying @ - @ railway station ) is perhaps the best @ - @ known irish cocktail . guinness , a type of english beer , particularly guinness , is typically associated with dublin , although historically it was more commonly associated with london . porter is very popular , although it has lost popularity since the mid @ - @ 20th century to lager . cider , particularly magners ( known in the republic of ireland as bulmers ) , is also a popular drink . red wine , a soft @ - @ drink , is popular on its own and as a combination , particularly with guinness .