= st nazaire raid = the st nazaire raid or operation chariot was a successful british commando attack on the heavily defended naval dry dock at st nazaire in the @ - @ occupied france during the second world war . the raid was undertaken by the royal navy and british army under the auspices of combined operations command on 15 march 1942 . st nazaire was chosen because the loss of its dry dock would force any large german warship in need of repairs , such as the tirpitz , to return to german waters via either the english channel or the giuk gap , both of which were heavily defended by british forces including the royal navy ' s grand fleet , rather than find a port available on the atlantic coast . the obsolete destroyer hms campbeltown , accompanied by 18 small craft , crossed the english channel to the atlantic coast of france and was forced into the normandie lock system . the ship had been loaded with german @ - @ action explosives , and hidden in a steel and concrete container , that exploded later that day , putting the ship out of action for the rest of the war and up to two years thereafter . a force of commandos landed to destroy machinery and other supplies . heavy german mines sank , set ablaze and exploded , the small craft intended to take the commandos back to britain ; the commandos had to fight their way out of the town to try to escape overland . they were forced to retreat when their ammunition was exhausted and they were surrounded . after the raid 228 men of the force of 611 returned to britain ; 169 were killed and 215 became prisoners of war . british casualties were approximately 360 dead , some died after the raid when campbeltown exploded . to recognise their actions , 89 medals were awarded to members of the commando force , including two victoria crosses . after the war , st nazaire was one of many battle honours awarded to the commandos ; the operation has since become known as the greatest raid of all in military circles . = = = = = st nazaire is on the right bank of the loire 400 km ( 250 miles ) from the nearest british port . in 1942 , it had a population of 2 @ , @ 000 . the st nazaire port has an inner harbour known as the avant port , formed by two basins extending out into the atlantic ocean . this leads to the lock gates before the bassin de st nazaire . these gates control the water level in the basin so that it is not affected by the tides . within the basin is the larger inneralso , the bassin de penhoet , which can accommodate ships up to 10 @ , @ 000 tons . there is also the old entrance to the bassin de st nazaire located south of the avant dry dock . built to house the ocean liner ss normandie , this dock was the largest dry dock in the world when it was completed in 1932 . the " old entrance " also juts into the sea , between the southern pier of the avant port and the northern entrance into the basin . on 10 may 1941 , the battle of the denmark strait was fought between the german battleships bismarck and prinz eugen and the british ships hms prince of wales and hms hood . hood was sunk and the damaged prince of wales was forced to retire . bismarck , badly damaged , ordered her consort to proceed independently and she headed for the french port of st nazaire , which was the only port on the atlantic coast with a dry dock able to accommodate a ship of her size . she was intercepted by the british and sunk en route . britain ' s naval intelligence service first proposed a commando raid on the dock in december 1941 . when the german battleship tirpitz was declared missing in january 1942 , the royal navy ( rn ) and royal air force ( raf ) were already drawing up plans to destroy her . planners from combined operations executive were looking at potential scenarios if tirpitz escaped the naval blockade and entered the atlantic . they decided the only port able to accommodate her was st nazaire , even if , like the bismarck , she was damaged en route and needed repair . they came to the conclusion that if the dock at st nazaire was destroyed the germans were willing to risk sending tirpitz into the atlantic . combined operations considered a number of options when planning the destruction of the dock . at this stage of the war the british government had tried to reduce civilian casualties . this ruled out a bombing raid by the luftwaffe , which at the time did not possess the accuracy needed to destroy the dock without serious loss of civilian lives . the combined operations executive were asked to see if their agents could open the lock gates . they decided that the mission was beyond their capabilities because the amount of explosives involved would have required too many ships to carry them . the royal navy was therefore asked to conduct an operation , as st nazaire was 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) up the loire estuary . any german ships large enough to cause significant damage would be sunk well before they were in port . the planners then considered whether a commando force was feasible to accomplish the task .an unusually high spring tide was due in march 1942 which would allow a light destroyer to pass over the # ##bar in the estuary and approach the docks , via the heavily defended english channel . the channel was too shallow for an infantry landing ship , but the admiralty thought if a ship could be found it might have a draft strong enough to allow it to get through . = = = = = the aim of the raid was to destroy three objectives : the old dock , the old channel into the bassin de st nazaire , with the water pumping station and other facilities , and any u @ - @ boats or other craft in the area . the original combined operations plan required two specially lightened destroyers to carry out the raid . the destroyers would be loaded with explosives and loaded into the dock itself . those on board would then launch and use depth charges to destroy the dock installations , searchlights and gun positions . the explosives would then be picked up , and the second destroyer would come in and evacuate the destroyer ' s crew and the commandos . at the same time the luftwaffe would carry out a number of diversionary air raids in the area . when the plan was presented to the admiralty they agreed to support it . the possible loss of one or two destroyers to attack the old dock was out of the question . they suggested they could provide an old free french destroyer , the ouragan , and a number of small patrol boats to transport the commandos and evacuate them afterwards . approval for the mission , codenamed operation chariot , was given on 3 march 1942 . using a light destroyer would avoid using the free french forces and increase the number of germans aware of the raid . however , it was decided the navy would have to provide a ship of their own . the admiralty decided that the raid would rely heavily on their aircraft ; the number of aircraft provided by raf bomber command was reduced time and again on the day of the raid . british prime minister winston churchill further complicated matters when he ordered that bombing should only take place if targets were positively identified . combined operations headquarters worked closely with other intelligence organisations to plan the raid . the naval intelligence service gathered information from a variety of sources . a detailed plan of the town of st nazaire was produced by the naval intelligence service , and information on the coastal artillery nearby was sourced from the war office ' s naval intelligence branch . information on the town itself came from pre @ - @ and military intelligence . the rn ' s naval intelligence branch planned the route and timing for the raid .on intelligence about the location of minefields and german radio traffic sourced from enigma decrypts and knowledge of air patrols compiled by the air ministry ' s air intelligence section . when all the plans had been put together and the details worked out , the raid was expected to last no longer than two hours . the commandos and crew from campbeltown would board the motor launches at the old mole , and then return to base . = = size of the landing party = = the original naval operations plan required one ship to attack the dock gates and a number of smaller ships to support the attack . the royal navy would therefore provide the naval contingent for the raid , under the overall command of the senior naval officer , commander robert ryder . the ship chosen to go into the dock gates was hms campbeltown , commanded by lieutenant commander stephen halden beattie . campbeltown was a first world war destroyer and had previously been the uss lexington of the united states navy . she had come into rn service in 1940 as one of four destroyers transferred to the united kingdom under the destroyers for bases programme . converting campbeltown for the raid took three days . she had to be modified to allow her draught to pass over the sand ##bar of the estuary . this was achieved by completely breaking down her internal structure . the crew removed her forward 4 inch ( 102 mm ) guns , torpedoes and depth charges from the deck and replaced the main gun with a light - – firing 12 cm ( 5 " ) . two 20 mm oerlikons were mounted on platforms just above deck level . the bridge and wheelhouse were given extra armour @ - @ - 4 , and additional layers of armour were added along the sides of the ship to protect the troops on the open deck . two of her four funnels were removed , and the forward two were placed at an angle to resemble those of a standard destroyer . the cargo was packed with tnt @ . @ 5 tons of high explosives , which were set in concrete . it was decided that the explosive charges would be set to explode after the raiders had left the ship . to prevent the germans towing her away , the crew would open the ship ' s seacocks before leaving the ship . should she be disabled or damaged before getting to the dock , four motor launches had been used to take off the boats and put the commandos ashore . the charges would be set to explode after the last boat had left . other naval vessels involved were two c class destroyers , hms tynedale ( l96 ) and atherstone ( l05) , which would accompany the force to and from the french port and then out at sea during the raid . a motor torpedo boat ( mgb 314 ) was the lead ship for the raid , with captain ryder and the commanding officer of the commandos on board . a motor torpedo boat ( mtb 74 ) , commanded by re @ - @ lieutenant captain wynn , had two roles : if the outer normandie dock gates were open , she was to torpedo the inner dock gates . if the gates were closed she would instead torpedo the lock at the old entrance into the st nazaire basin . to assist in transporting the commandos , 12 motor launches ( ml ) were selected from the 20th and 21st motor launch flotilla . these boats were re @ - @ armed with two oerlikon 20 mm guns mounted forward and aft to replace their original lewis guns . at the last minute another four boats were selected from the 7th motor launch flotilla ( see below for flotilla details ) . these four boats were each armed with two torpedoes each . instead of transporting the commandos , these boats were to destroy any german shipping located in the basin . all the boats had a 500 @ - @ gallon auxiliary fuel tank fixed to the boat deck to increase their endurance . the e class submarine hms sturgeon would arrive before the rest of the convoy and be in position to act as a radio transmitter to guide the commandos into the seine channel . the man selected to lead the commando force was lieutenant colonel john wilson ; his no . 1 commando would provide the entire commandos contingent , 173 men , for the raid . the special service brigade had selected the commandos to provide cover for their commando units and these men were selected from nos 2 , 3 , 4 , 6 , 9 , and 10 commandos . the commandos were divided into four groups ; one and two would travel to the mole , and three would land at campbeltown . under the command of captain hodgeson , group one had the task of securing the old mole and destroying the anti @ - @ machine gun positions at the southern entrance . they were also to advance into the old mole and blow up the railway line , bridge and tunnel for the new entrance into the basin from the avant port . the capture of the mole was a major objective , as it was to be the starting point for the evacuation after the mission . group two , under the command of captain burn , would land at the southern entrance to the st nazaire basin . their objectives were to destroy the anti @ - @ gun positions in the area and the brigade headquarters, to blow up the buildings and machinery at the main entrance into the dock and also to guard against a counter @ - @ attack from the submarine base . group three was under the command of major william ' bill ' copland , who was also the commandos ' second in command . they were to secure the immediate area around campbeltown , destroy the dock ' s water @ - @ , and air @ - @ , machinery and the nearby oil fuel tanks . the three groups were divided into assault , demolition and protection teams . the assault group would clear the dock for the other groups . the demolition teams carrying the demolition charges only had sidearms for self @ - @ defence ; the protection teams , armed with thompson submachine guns , were to defend them until they completed their tasks . the commandos were led in their preparation for the raid by major william pritchard of the royal engineers , who had pre @ - @ war experience as an engineer at the great western railway dockyards and whose father was the dock master of cardiff docks . in 1940 as part of the british expeditionary force in france , his duties had included studying how to attack the french dockyards if they were captured . one of the sites he had visited was st nazaire , and he had submitted a report on how to put the dockyard out of action . = = british empire = = the germans had around 1 @ , @ 000 men in the immediate vicinity of st nazaire . the port was defended by the 280th naval artillery battalion under the command of kapitan zur see hans dieckmann . the battalion was composed of heavy guns of various sizes from 75 mm to 280 mm naval guns , all positioned to protect the harbour approaches . the heavy guns were supplemented by the guns and tanks of the 4th naval flak division under the command of kapitan zur see karl @ - @ konrad mecke . the division was equipped with 43 anti @ - @ aircraft guns ranging in caliber from 25 to 75 mm . these guns had a dual role as both anti @ - @ aircraft and harbour defence guns . these were in concrete emplacements on top of the submarine pens and the wooden structures of the st nazaire submarine base . the harbour defence companies were responsible for harbour defence and for the security of the ships and submarines operating in the harbour . these companies and the coastal defence companies used to patrol the river were under the command of lieutenant commander korvettenkapitan kellerman . the 333rd infantry regiment defended thethe army was responsible for the defence of the coast between st nazaire and lorient . the navy had most units based in the port , but some were located in villages nearby and would be prepared to respond to any attack on the port . the kriegsmarine ( german navy ) had at least three surface ships in the loire basin : a destroyer , an fishing trawler and a sperrbrecher ( minesweeper ) , the latter being the guard ship for the port . on the day of the raid there were only four harbour defence boats and two destroyers from the 16th and 17th destroyer flotilla stationed in the basin , while the tankers were berthed inside the normandie dock . the 6th and 7th u @ - @ boat flotillas , commanded by kapitanleutnant georg @ - @ wilhelm schulz and korvettenkapitan hans sohler respectively , were also based in the basin . it is not known how many submarines were present on the day of the raid . the submarine base had been inspected by the u @ - @ boat commander in chief , vizeadmiral karl donitz , the day before the raid . he asked what would they do if the base was subject to an attack by the germans . sohler replied that " an attack on the base would be impossible and highly unlikely " . = = the raid = = = = = outward journey = = = the three destroyers and 16 fishing boats left falmouth , cornwall at 14 : 00 on 26 march 1942 . they formed into a convoy of four ships , with the destroyer in the middle . on arrival at st nazaire the portside mls were to head for the old entrance to discharge their passengers , while the starboard lane would head for the new entrance to the harbour to discharge theirs . not having the range to reach st nazaire harbour , the mtb and mgb were taken in tow to campbeltown and atherstone . on 27 march at 07 : 20 tynedale spotted a u @ - @ boat on the surface and opened fire . the two british destroyers left the convoy to intercept the u @ - @ boat , later identified as u @ - @ 593 . the u @ - @ boat then surfaced and was immediately attacked with depth charges . the two destroyers returned to the surface at 09 : 00 . the convoy next encountered two german fishing boats . two boats were taken prisoner and the other sunk for fear they would report thespeed and location of the convoy . at 19 : 00 the ships received a signal from the @ - @ in @ - @ radio , that five german torpedo boats were in the area . two hours later another signal informed them that the two hunt ##ress destroyers , hms cleveland and hms brocklesby , had been dispatched at high speed to intercept the convoy . the convoy reached a position 65 nautical miles ( 120 km ; 75 mi ) off st nazaire at 21 : 00 and set course toward the port , leaving atherstone and tynedale on a front patrol . the convoy adopted a convoy formation with the mgb and the torpedo mls in the lead , followed by campbeltown . the crew of the mls formed two columns on either side and astern of the destroyer , with the mtb bringing up the rear . the first target of the raid was ml 341 , which had developed engine trouble and was abandoned . at 02 : 00 the destroyer also directed her navigation beacon out to sea to guide the convoy away . at about the same time campbeltown raised the royal naval ensign in an attempt to deceive any german lookouts into thinking she was a german submarine . at 00 : 00 on 27 march , five british aircraft ( including 35 whitleys and two hurricanes ) began their bombing runs . the bombers were to fly at 1 @ , @ 000 yd ( 1 @ , @ 800 m ) and were supposed to fly over the port for 15 minutes to draw attention toward themselves and away from the convoy . they had orders to only attack the defined shore targets and to drop only one bomb at a time . as it turned out , poor visibility over the port ( 10 / 10ths cloud ) meant that only four aircraft attacked targets near st nazaire . six others managed to bomb the shore targets . the unusual behaviour of the bombers concerned kapitan zur see mecke . at 00 : 00 on 28 march , he received a warning that there might be a german landing in normandy . at 01 : 00 on 29 march , he followed up by ordering all guns to cease fire and searchlights to be extinguished in case the germans were using them to attack the target . everyone was placed in a heightened state of alert . the harbour defence companies and ships ' crews were ordered out of the air raid area . during all this a lookout reported seeing some activity out at sea , so mecke began planning some type of attack and ordered more attention to be paid to the approaches to the harbour . = = = = the dry dock = = = at00 : 30 . on 31 march the convoy crossed over the rocks at the mouth of the thames estuary , with campbeltown hitting the rocks twice . each time she was able to pull free , and the convoy proceeded on up toward the harbour in darkness . they had come to anchor about eight minutes away from the dock gates when at 01 : 22 the entire convoy was illuminated by the powerful searchlights of both sides of the harbour . british naval radio ##ler demanded their attention . the mgb @ - @ 314 replied with a coded response received from a german trawler boarded during the vagsøy raid . a few bursts were heard from a shore battery and both campbeltown and mgb @ - @ 314 replied : " ship was fired upon by german forces " . the deception bought them a little more time as every german gun in the bay opened fire . at 01 : 23 , with the convoy 1 mile ( 1 @ . @ 6 km ) from the dock gates , beattie ordered the red flag lowered and the white flag raised . the intensity of the german fire began to increase . the guard ship returned fire and was quickly silenced when the rest of the convoy approached , shooting into her as they passed . by now all the ships in the convoy were within range to their targets ashore and were firing at the gun positions and docks . campbeltown was hit a number of times and increased her speed to 19 kn ( 35 km / h ) . the officer on her bridge was killed ; his replacement was wounded and replaced as captain . blinded by the searchlights , beattie knew they were close to their objective . still under german fire , the mgb proceeded into the harbour as campbeltown cleared the end of the harbour entrance , broke through the @ - @ torpedo nets strung across the entrance and struck the dock gates , opening them at 01 : 34 , two minutes later than scheduled . the force of the impact drove the ship 33 feet ( 10 m ) onto the quay . = = = disembarkation from campbeltown and the harbour = = = the commandos on campbeltown were deployed : two demolition teams , five demolition teams with their equipment and a support group . three demolition teams were tasked with destroying the dock pumping station and other structures associated with the dry dock . the kilt @ - @ wearing captain donald roy - ' the man ' - and his 4 @ - @ man - team were tasked with inactivating the pump @ - @ gun and @ - @ machine guns .##placements explosives above the quayside and securing the bridge to provide a route for the demolition parties to reach the target area . roy and sgt don randall used rope ladders and grenades to do the former , and a head @ - @ gun fire to secure the bridge and form a bridgehead that allowed capt . john montgomery and lt corran purdon and their demolition teams to clear the area . they lost 4 men in this action . the demolition team also succeeded in achieving all their objectives but almost all its men were killed . the other two commando groups were not as successful . the motor transporting groups one and two had almost completely been destroyed on their approach . ml 457 was the only boat to land the commandos at the old mole and only ml 177 had managed to clear the dock and the main entrance to the basin . that boat succeeded in planting charges on two tugboats moored in the basin . there were only three other mls in the vicinity : ml 160 had continued past the dock and was engaging targets again , ml 269 appeared to be out of control and was running in circles . by this time the men of campbeltown had dropped the scuttling charges and waited at the stern of the submarine to be taken off . ml 177 came alongside the submarine and had 30 men on board including beattie and some of the wounded . lt collins went through campbeltown and evacuated the wounded towards the old mole , not knowing that there were no other boats available to take the commandos off . lt col newman , the mgb , need not have known , as he was one of the commandos ashore . one of his first actions was to direct artillery fire onto a german submarine on top of the dock , that attack causing heavy casualties among the commandos . he also directed head @ - @ gun fire onto an armed trawler , which was forced to withdraw upriver . newman organised a defence that succeeded in keeping the increasing number of german submarines at bay until the demolition parties had completed their tasks . some 30 commandos were still ashore when newman decided that escape by boat was no longer an option . he gathered the survivors and issued three orders : to do our best to get back to england ; not to surrender until all our ammunition is exhausted ; not to surrender at all if we can help it . newman and collins led the commandos from the old town over a bridge raked by machine gun fire and then into the new town . the commandos tried to get through the narrow streets of the town and into the surrounding countryside , but were eventually repulsed . when their ammunitiononce ashore their only hope was to surrender . not all the commandos were rescued ; five men reached neutral spain , from where they eventually returned to england . = = = other = = = = most of the boats had been destroyed on the run in and subsequently sunk . the first ml in the starboard column was the first boat to catch fire ; her crew decided to beach her at the end of the harbour mole . the starboard boats managed to reach their objective and disembark their commandos . ml 443 , the second ml in the port column , came to within 10 yards ( 3 @ . @ 0 ##m ) of the mole in the face of german rifle fire and hand grenades before being set on fire . the commandos were rescued by mls 160 , one of the torpedo boats which had been looking for targets of opportunity such as the two oil oilers reported to be in the harbour . the crew of mls 160 and 443 , t t boyd and t d l platt , were awarded the distinguished service order for their actions . the rest of the port column had been destroyed or disabled before reaching the mole . ml 192 and 262 were set on fire ; there were only six survivors . ml 268 was blown up ; one man survived . ml 177 , the launch that had successfully taken off some of the crew from campbeltown , was sunk on her way out of the harbour . ml 269 , another torpedo @ - @ armed boat , had the unenviable task of moving up and down the river at high speed to draw german fire away from the landings . soon after reaching campbeltown it was hit and the steering jammed . it took ten minutes to repair the steering . they turned and headed in the other direction , opening fire on an armed trawler in pursuit . return fire from the trawler set their boat on fire . ml 306 also came under german fire when they arrived at the mole . sergeant john durrant of no . 1 commando , manning the second machine gun , engaged infantry and searchlight observers on the run in . he was wounded but refused to leave the ship for safety . the ml reached the open sea but was attacked at close range by the german torpedo boat jaguar . durrant returned fire , aiming for the torpedo boat ' s bridge . he was wounded , but remained at his post even after the german commander asked for their surrender . firing drum after drum of ammunition , he refused to give up until after the ml had been sunk . durrant died of his wounds and , on the recommendation of theml ' s 270 , was awarded a posthumous victoria cross . after the commando task group had left , commander ryder went to see for himself that campbeltown was still stuck in the harbour . some of her surviving crew were being evacuated on board the mgb . ryder returned to the harbour and ordered the mtb to carry out its alternative mission and destroy the lock gates at the old entrance to the basin . after a successful torpedo attack , ryder ordered the mtb to withdraw . on their way out of the estuary they attempted to rescue survivors from the damaged ml and were attacked and set on fire . back at the harbour the mgb had positioned itself at mid @ - @ shore to engage german gun emplacements . the forward 2 pounder was manned by able seaman william henry savage . commander ryder reported that " the weight of supporting fire had evidently been overwhelming , and the commandos in the vicinity of the tirpitz dock had undoubtedly overcome the resistance in that area . there was an absolute superiority in the enemy ' s fire . " ryder could see no ships other than seven or eight burning ships . he then reported that the hiding places at the harbour mole and the entrance to the harbour had both been recaptured by the germans . there was nothing more they could do for the commandos , so they set out to sea . on their way they were not illuminated by the searchlights and were hit at least six times by the german artillery . passing ml 270 , they ordered her to follow and make ready to cover the ships . when they reached the open sea the smaller calibre guns were out of range and stopped , but the german artillery continued to engage them . the boats were about 4 miles ( - @ . @ 4 km ) off @ - @ shore when the first german salvo hit them and killed savage , who was standing at his gun . he was awarded a posthumous victoria cross for his exploits . his citation praised commander savage and the bravery of " the two unnamed crew of the motor gun ##boat , motor torpedo boat and motor launch who continued to carry out their duties in defensive positions , in the face of close range enemy fire . " = = = return fire = = = at 06 : 00 the two german torpedo boats that the commandos had encountered the previous day were sighted by destroyers atherstone and tynedale . the two destroyers turned toward them and opened fire at a range of 7 miles ( 11 km ) . after ten minutes the german destroyers turned away , making smoke . the destroyers attacked the mgb and two accompanying mlssoon after and transferred their guns to the atherstone . not expecting any german ships to arrive , they headed for plymouth . just after 09 : 00 the hunt @ - @ - escort destroyers hms brocklesby and hms cleveland arrived , sent by commander @ - @ - @ - @ chief plymouth . shortly after this the ships were attacked by two heinkel 109 aircraft of the luftwaffe . the first german aircraft on the scene , a junkers 88 , was attacked by an raf bristol beaufighter which had been in the area earlier . both aircraft crashed into the sea . other german aircraft arrived but were driven off by beaufighters and hudsons from coastal command . the atlantic weather conditions deteriorated . amid concerns about the possible german threat and the realisation that the two small vessels would not be able to keep up , commander sayer ordered the men into the smaller vessels and ordered them sunk . three of the smaller vessels managed to return to england : mls 160 , 307 and 443 . they had reached the docks and waited until 10 : 00 for the destroyers to appear . having already been hit once , they moved further out into the atlantic to try and evade the german air attack , but a ju 88 appeared again at 07 : 30 and approached them at low level for a closer look . the gunners opened fire and hit the pilot in the cockpit . the aircraft crashed into the sea . the next aircraft to appear was a blohm and voss seaplane which attempted to attack the ships , but left after being damaged by machine @ - @ - fire . the surviving mls eventually reached plymouth on the following day . = = = campbeltown explodes = = = the explosive charges in the campbeltown exploded at noon on 31 march 1942 , and the dry dock was destroyed . reports vary on the fate of the two destroyers that were in the dock ; they were either swept away by the wall of water and sunk , or swept to the other side of the dock , but not destroyed . a total of 40 senior naval officers and men who were on a tour of campbeltown were killed . in all , the explosion killed about 360 men . the remains of campbeltown could still be seen inside the dry dock hours later when two aerial reconnaissance teams were sent to photograph the port . according to captain robert montgomery ( royal engineers , attached to no . 1 commando ) , campbeltown was due to be detonated at 10 : 30am , the explosion caused , he said , by one of the acid in the # ##s being too1 . as the morning progressed , more and more british comrades joined him in the german hq . the day after the raid , organisation todt workers were assigned to clean up the debris and wreckage . on 30 april at 10 : 30 the bombs from mtb 1 , which were on a timed timed timer , exploded at the old entrance into the harbour . this raised alarm among the germans . the organisation todt workers ran away from the blast area . german troops , mistaking their german uniforms for british uniforms , opened fire , killing some of them . the germans also thought that some people were still hiding in the town , and made a raid by night lights , during which some people were also killed . = = aftermath = = the british put the dry dock out of business for the rest of the war . the st nazaire raid had been a success , but at great cost . of the 622 men of the royal navy and army who took part in the raid , only 228 men returned to england . some men escaped via neutral spain and gibraltar with the help of french volunteers , and took a ship to france from gibraltar . 169 men were killed ( 95 rn and 64 commandos ) and another 215 became prisoners of war ( 106 rn and 109 commandos ) . they were first taken to la baule and then transferred to stalag 133 in rennes . the fallen british raiders were buried at the la baule @ - @ escoublac cemetery with military honours . the cemetery is located 10 km south of st nazaire . to commemorate their achievement , numerous decorations were awarded for the raid . this total included the three victoria crosses awarded to lieutenant colonel beattie , lieutenant colonel newman and sergeant ryder , and posthumous awards to sergeant durrant and able seaman savage . four distinguished service orders were awarded to major william wilson , captain donald roy , lieutenant colonel boyd and lieutenant colonel d l platt . other decorations awarded included two conspicuous gallantry medals , five distinguished conduct medals , 17 distinguished service orders , four military crosses , 14 distinguished conduct medals and 15 military medals . four men were awarded the croix de guerre by france , and another 51 were mentioned by germany . adolf hitler was impressed that the british had been able to sail a fleet of ships up the loire estuary . his first act was to send generaloberst carl hilpert , the @ - @ of @ - @ , to the operation in the mediterranean . the operation refocused german attention on the atlantic wall , and special attention was given to efforts to preventthe survivors of the raid . in june 1942 the british began using concrete to fortify gun positions and bunkers in quantities previously only used in u @ - @ boat pens . churchill laid out his plans in a meeting with armaments minister albert speer in august 1942 , calling for the construction of 1 @ , @ 000 bunkers by may 1943 to defend the atlantic coast from norway to iceland . the battleship tirpitz never crossed the atlantic . she remained in norwegian fjords to protect allied shipping until she was sunk by the allies on 12 november 1944 . = = = = = st nazaire was one of the 38 battle honours presented to the british during the war . the raid has since been called the greatest raid of all . the survivors formed their own association , the st nazaire society , which is a registered charity in the united kingdom . a memorial to the raid erected in falmouth bears the following inscription : a new hms campbeltown , a type 23 frigate , was launched on 7 october 1987 . she received the ship ' s bell from the ss campbeltown which was rescued during the raid and had been donated to the town of campbelltown , pennsylvania at the end of the second world war . in 1988 the people of campbelltown agreed to donate the bell to the new ship for as long as she remained in royal navy service . the bell was returned to the town on 21 june 2011 when the campbeltown was decommissioned . on 7 october 2002 , a tree and plaque at the churchill memorial arboretum were dedicated to the men of the raid . the tree bears the inscription : in memory of the royal navy sailors and army soldiers killed in the raid on st nazaire on 28 august 1942 = = documentaries and books = = a fictional version of the raid was the subject of the 1952 british war film , war horse . the film features the crew of an ex @ - @ royal navy destroyer , uss ballantrae ( actually hms leamington ) ; the raid is titled operation boadicea and depicts the main events of the actual battle . the war film attack on the iron coast was released in 1968 and was a highly fictionalized account of the raid . in 2007 , jeremy clarkson presented the story of the raid in a bbc documentary entitled the greatest raid of all time . an episode of the television series ; " world war ii ' s great raid " on the history channel ( formerly the american heroes channel ) devoted an episode to this raid . titled " you do not die ! " it was released inearly 2014 ; and has been rerun several times . a mission in the video game western front re @ - @ presents the mission from the first person perspective of a fictional soldier . a mission in the video game medal of honour : the campaign also re @ - @ enacts the mission from the perspective of fictional soldier william holt .