= voyage : inspired by jules verne = voyage : inspired by jules ferry ( known as journey to the moon in the united kingdom and europe ) is a point @ - @ and @ - @ graphic adventure game with pre @ - @ rendered graphics , developed by kheops studio and published by the adventure company for the pc in 2005 . the game ' s story centers on a young adventurer ' s journey to the moon in the 19th century , and the new lunar civilization of subsequenfinds . it is loosely based on the book from the earth to the moon and to the sun by point @ - @ fiction author jules verne , and the novel the first man in the moon by science @ - @ fiction author h . g . wells . reactions to the game were generally mixed . in particular , some reviewers praised it for taking the player in the look and feel of the 19th century ; others have criticized it for featuring poor graphics and dull gameplay . while staying true to most adventure game genres , voyage has some unique features for its genre . these include two dexterity minigames which take advantage of the low gravity of the game ' s gravity setting , and an " intelligence management system " , in which a reward is awarded to the player for every puzzle he solves , and for correct actions . the adventure company used this system to encourage players to replay the game to improve their overall intelligence . = = gameplay = = the main focus of voyage is point @ - @ solving . the player can travel on foot , and can swivel the ship 360 degrees . there are several types of puzzles in voyage including those involving the plant life of the moon , scientific puzzles , audio puzzles , and visual puzzles . many of these puzzles require the player to decipher and understand the native plants of the moon . voyage has two different difficulty minigames . in a point @ - @ gravity setting , the first minigame requires the player to collect gas bubbles from a volcano , and the second requires the player to execute multiple jumps across the surface of the moon . these two minigames are only a minor aspect of the game . the game also has several other puzzles requiring the player to complete puzzles under a time limit . the result of failing a puzzle of this type is death , after which the player is required to return and solve the puzzle . players can also be killed as the result of performing certain actions related to the game ' s story . a critical aspect of gameplay in voyage is the password system , which allows the player to pickfind and keep dozens of different items . however , the maximum number of a given item that the player may keep in his inventory at any one time is limited . one of the main uses of the inventory is to combine items together to make new items . this process of combining and reforming items from the inventory forms a large portion of the puzzle portion of the game . the inventory can also be used to create meals which the player can consume ; this system plays a major role in several puzzles . another use of the inventory is to create hybrid lunar plants , which play a critical role in the earlier puzzles of the game . = = = intelligence management system = = = the " intelligence management system " featured in voyage is a score given to the player by the selenites , the inhabitants of the moon . for each puzzle the player completes , and for certain puzzles , this score is increased , and the selenites treat the player with more respect . during an interview with gamersinfo , benoit hozjan , creative director and the @ - @ founder of kheops studio , criticized the system , saying : in the same interview , alexis lang , the lead game designer at kheops , commented that : " [ a ] high score does not mean that you are stupid in any way , it just means that these stupid and arrogant young people think that your game is stupid ! " this reflects the fact that the " intelligence management system " was designed primarily to earn the respect of the selenites . however , hozjan also said that he hopes " players will try to improve their skills and to improve their experience on forums . " the adventure company has marketed the system as bringing a lot of added value to voyage , as players can replay the game to get a high score . = = synopsis = = = = = = = = = voyage is set in 1865 . the barbicane of the ' british empire ' plans to build an enormous cannon in baltimore to launch a spacecraft , capable of supporting human life , towards the moon in the hope of a successful landing . voyage ' s protagonist , michel ardan , volunteers to live in the aluminium shell . during the protagonist ' s brief time in the shell , ardan arrives on the moon and discovers the selenites , as well as a complex system of lunar plants . the main accessible areas in the game are the moon ' s surface , and the local selenite population . the ' selenites ' are the native inhabitants of the moon , and are a highly intelligent societymaintained by hierarchy and secret . they possess blue skin , large black eyes and transparent ear holes on the sides of their heads . this is in fact a reference to h . g . wells ' book the first men on the moon , although the adventurers never actually landed on the moon in verne ' s original story . they are divided into castes . the selenites live in a large complex on the surface of the moon from which they rarely emerge , with the exception of the ' exiles ' . the selenites " banish [ these ] members of their society , the slaves and exiles , " to the surface of the moon . there are three selenite exiles with whom the player can interact ; they live on the surface and sleep in their own underground chambers at night . each exile has two small plants on each side with which they share a special bond . = = = characters = = = the player character is michel ardan , an ambitious and ambitious french scientist who is intelligent , friendly and kind . captain barbicane , the president of the gun club , and captain nicholl , an engineer , are both found dead at the beginning of the game , not having survived the flight to the moon . a woman named helen features in the game ' s backstory , as the woman whose spacecraft made contact with the selenites . aside from these player characters , there are also several selenite characters such as the high council ##or , the high dignitary , scurvy , scruple , and the three exiles . = = = = = = = voyage begins when ardan lands in the shell and finds his two dead companions : barbicane and nicholl . the first part of the game consists of ardan investigating the complex , trying to regain his memory of what happened , and how barbicane and nicholl died , but will soon encounter other problems , most notably when his oxygen level is low and needs to be remedied . eventually ardan ' s mission will take him into orbit around the moon in which he must prepare himself for a lunar mission . after ardan successfully lands the shell on the moon , he must solve a series of puzzles on the surface in order to gain access to the alien civilization beneath . there he discovers the selenite race . following this , ardan focuses on finding a way to leave the moon and report his findings to earth . after acquiring what he needs , ardan travels back to earth in the morning . he lands on the- and decides to go to a remote island , where he meets another famous jules ' friend , captain nemo . = = = = = journey to the center of the moon was announced for the pc at e3 2005 . the adventure company collaborated with developer kheops studios for the game . benoit hozjan , the original @ - @ founder of kheops studio , became the director of the company , while alexis lang became the lead game designer . journey to the center of the moon was later renamed voyage : inspired by jules adventures . benoit hozjan explained the change , saying that journey to the center of the moon " proved to be controversial and some people thought that voyage could be the sequel to journey to the center of the moon , " another famous @ - @ - pc game , " so marketing decided to keep it . " the name was changed on july 17 , 2005 , a few days after the game ' s announcement . benoit hozjan explained kheops studio ' s choice of jules verne ' s work as the inspiration for voyage , saying that : " jules verne ' s novels provide the two core elements of adventure games : puzzles and action . characters are real men engaging in physical challenges that were [ a ] great inspiration for me . " he also went on to say that the game was inspired by wells ' s from the earth to the moon , which documents the lead up to the space trip , but draws more heavily from the sequel to the moon , which documents the actual voyage . the only difference , hozjan said , is that in the sequel the characters fail to reach the moon , whereas in voyage the trip is a success . additionally , alexis lang attributed the inspiration for the selenites to h . g . wells ' the first men in the moon , saying that : " [ wells ] was a very ancient selenite , looking at human roughness . he was more human than jules . to balance this fact , we ' ve put a lot of irony in our story and created a more optimistic and joyful human character . " the adventure company announced the release of the first demo on august 2 , 2005 . the demo included the game ' s introduction and the introduction . voyage , originally scheduled for a september 27 release , was released to stores ahead of schedule on august 9 , 2005 . the demo sold for us $ 1 @ . @ 99 . = = reception = = in general , voyage received positive reviews upon its release . according to metacritic ,reviewers have given it scores between 75 % and 86 % . one of the more well received aspects of the game was its ability to recreate the mood of 19th century science @ - @ fiction , with gamespot saying that the game " of over @ - @ creates the whimsical atmosphere of 19th @ - @ century sci @ - @ fi [ and ] a sense of wonder fills every pixel of the level design . " in contrast , game ##pro online review said that once the player boards the ship and arrives at the moon , instead of seeing amazing and wondrous sights , the game turns into a dull and boring bore . the puzzle aspects of voyage met with mixed responses . on the one hand , gamespot accused the puzzle aspects of voyage of " reduc [ ing ] jules verne ' s tale of a visit to the moon in 1865 to a series of clumsily arranged logic puzzles geared to test the patience of adventure @ - @ sf veterans . " the puzzles in the game are also very difficult , with just ign attributing the high difficulty of the game to the fact that there are often many different ways to accomplish the same puzzle , thanks to the game ' s " puzzle management system " . the game ' s control system received praise from gamersinfo as being very well done . in terms of graphics , voyage was poorly received , with the graphics being described by gamezone as having very bright colors , but lacking the expansive , spectacular detail that has been found in many other adventure games . voyage has also been criticized for its lack of story and over @ - @ reliance on the story . the game ' s music was also appreciated , with jolt describing the music as having a " retro @ - @ " feel which fits the game perfectly . g4 commented on the game ' s voice acting as being loud but appropriate , and criticized many of the sound effects as being annoying . gamespot described ardan ' s voice as somewhat weak , and also criticized the game ' s sound effects . metacritic reported on the average of the metacritic reviews of voyage to have a rating of 70 % , the equivalent to an ' a ' rating of the game .