= james nesbitt = william james nesbitt , obe ( born 17 october 1965 ) is an actor and presenter from northern ireland . born in ballymena , county antrim , nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of broughshane , before moving to coleraine , county londonderry . he wanted to become a teacher like his father , so he took a degree in french at the university of ulster . he dropped out after a year when he decided to become an actor , and transferred to the central school of speech and drama in belfast . after graduating in 1987 , he spent several years performing in plays that varied from the comedy up on the roof ( 1987 , 1989 ) to the political drama paddywack ( 1994 ) . he made his feature film debut playing secret agent fintan o ' donnell in hear my song ( 1991 ) . nesbitt played his first television role as tom murphy in the romantic comedy @ - @ drama cold feet ( 1998 – 2003 ) , which won him a british academy award , a television and radio industries club award , and a national television award . his first significant film role came when he appeared as pig farmer " pig " murphy in king ned ( 1998 ) . with the rest of the original cast , nesbitt was nominated for a screen actors guild award . in spring break ( 2001 ) , he made his debut as a film lead , playing sergeant jimmy murphy . the following year , he played ivan cooper in the drama sunday bloody sunday , about the 1972 shootings in derry . a departure from his previous " cheeky chappie " roles , the film was a turning point in his career . he won a british independent film award and was nominated for the british academy television award for best actor . nesbitt has also starred in murphy ' s law ( 2001 – 2007 ) as police detective tommy murphy , in a role that was created for him by director colin bateman . the role also gained nesbitt best actor nominations at the irish film & television awards ( ifta ) . in 2007 , he starred in the dual role of tom jackman and mr hyde in steven moffat ' s jekyll , which earned him a golden globe award nomination in 2008 . nesbitt has since appeared in several more feature films ; he starred alongside liam neeson in 5 minutes of heaven ( 2009 ) , and was one of the lead actors in the television miniseries survivors ( 2009 ) . he also appeared in the movies outcast ( 2010 ) and the island ( 2010 ) . he played bofur inpeter weir ' s three @ - @ part film adaptation of the book ( 2012 @ - @ 2014 ) . nesbitt is married to the actress sonia forbes @ - @ adam , with whom he has two children . he is an advocate of numerous charities , and in 2010 he accepted the honorary position of chancellor of the university of ulster . = = = politics and education = = = nesbitt was born on 15 december 1965 in ballymena , county antrim , northern ireland . his father , james " jim " nesbitt , was the headmaster of the national school in lisnamurrican , a village near broughshane , and his mother , may nesbitt , was a civil servant . jim and may also had three daughters — margaret , kathryn and andrea . the family lived in the farm near the one @ - @ farm , where nesbitt was one of 32 pupils taught by jim ; the other 32 were all farmers ' children . nesbitt grew up " completely " at home , and spent a lot of time outside , " kicking a ball against the wall " . he had ambitions to play football for manchester united , or to become a priest like his father . the family is protestant , and lisnamurrican was in " # ##side " . the nesbitts spent sunday evenings singing hymns around the piano . jim marched in the ballymena young irish brigade band and nesbitt accompanied him on the flute . after the drumcree bombing , they continued marching with the band . the family ' s upbringing in the town left them largely untouched by the bombing , although nesbitt , his mother , and two of his sisters narrowly escaped a car bomb exploded outside ballymena county hall in the early 1970s . when nesbitt was 11 years old , the family moved to coleraine , county londonderry , where jim worked for the scottish executive . he received his primary education at blagh primary school , then moved on to coleraine academical institution ( cai ) . in 1978 , when he was 13 , his mother took him to audition for the abbey theatre ' s christmas production of oliver ! . nesbitt sang " bohemian rhapsody " at the festival and won the part of the artful peter , which he played in his acting debut . he continued to act and sing with the company until he was 18 , and appeared at cai and as an extra in play for today : the cry ( theatre menaul , 1984 ) . he got his equity card whenthe young actor playing jiminy cricket in pinocchio broke his ankle two days before the performance , and nesbitt stepped in to take his place . acting had not initially appealed to him , but he " let the show go on " when he played the village doctor ( anthony asquith , 1948 ) . when he was 16 , he got his first paid job as a bingo caller at barry ' s amusements in portrush . i was paid £ 1 per hour for the bingo job and would also , on occasions , act as the old man on the moving train . he left cai at the age of 18 and took a course in french at the university of ulster , ( now ulster university ) in jordanstown . he stayed at university for a year before dropping out . in a 1999 interview , nesbitt said , " i had the necessary in my head , but i just couldn ' t be bothered . being young is the worst age to expect people to learn things . there are other things to be concerned with , like girls and music . " he made the decision to quit when he was trying to write an opinion article on existentialism for le deux journal at 4 am every morning . his father suggested that he should move to england if he wanted to continue acting , so nesbitt enrolled at the central school of speech and drama ( cssd ) , part of university of london . nesbitt felt unwanted and uncomfortable when he first arrived in london , on account of his ethnic irish background ; " when i first came to drama school i was a paddy the minute i walked in . and i remember going to drama school and them all saying to me , ' aww , yeah , brits ! ' , and i was like ' it ' s a little bit more complicated than that , you know . ' " he graduated in 1987 , at the age of 19 . = = = career = = = = = come and sing my song = = = the musical after leaving cssd in 1987 , nesbitt landed a small part in edward , a bbc / screen gems television drama about the life of edward ogdon . he worked for two months on the play , earning £ 250 per day . his first professional theatre appearance came in the same year , when he played keith in up on the roof . the play ran at the theatre royal , plymouth , before transferring to the london west end . nesbitt reprised the role when the production returned to plymouth in early 1989 . roger malone inthe stage and film today wrote that nesbitt " steals the show with the best lines and best performance as he finally rises up to it with an infectious smile " . nesbitt appeared in two other plays in 1989 ; in 1990 , he played prince frederick and senior in paul jepson ' s as you like it at the oxford theatre club , and then hamlet in yuri lyubimov ' s version of hamlet . hamlet had been translated back to english from boris barnet ' s russian translation . it played at the haymarket theatre , london for a month before a transfer to the old vic and then a nine @ - @ month world tour . nesbitt played guildenstern , barnardo and the little gravedigger . he recalled that the play received " shocking " reviews , but was successful . in the early 1990s , he lived with irish actor michael flynn and earned money by collecting fan mail for the stage production of soldier soldier . in his first feature film , hear my song ( peter chelsom , 1991 ) , nesbitt played fintan o ' donnell , a struggling talent scout and friend of eugene o ' neill ( david dunbar ) . a new york times critic wrote , " the young , handsome mr . nesbitt , manages to combine soulfulness with sly humour " . the praise he received made him feel @ - @ assured and complacent ; in 2001 , he recalled , " when i did hear my song , i disappeared so far up my own arse afterwards . i thought , ' oh , that ' s right , i ' ve grown up . ' and i ' m glad that happened , because you never find out how good actors are . " his attitude kept him out of work for several months after the film was released . until 1994 , he supplemented his stage work with guest roles on television in episodes of boon , the young indiana jones chronicles , covington ##s , lovejoy , and between the lines . in 1993 , he appeared in love lies bleeding , an episode of the bbc television series casualty and his first role in a film directed by michael winterbottom ; he also appeared in go now ( 1995 ) , neighbours ( 1996 ) and road to sarajevo ( 1997 ) . a guardian journalist wrote that " he showed himself to be a fine character actor " in road and sarajevo . back on stage , he appeared as doalty in hamlet ( gwenda hunt , birmingham repertory theatre , 1991 ) , aidan in una pooka (paul williams and anne courtney , tricycle theatre , 1992 ) , damien in paddywack ( michael latimer ) , bush theatre , 1994 ) , and alex in nobody ' s daughter ( simon stokes , bush theatre , 1994 ) . paddywack , in which nesbitt ' s character is suspected by others of being an ira member , travelled to the united states for a run at the long wharf theatre in new haven , connecticut in october 1994 . the guardian reviewer called damien " the show ' s only fully developed character " and praised nesbitt for giving " the most strong , convincing performance [ of the evening ] " . in 1996 , nesbitt appeared in an episode of the bbc northern ireland television drama ballykissangel , playing leo mcgarvey , the ex @ - @ boyfriend of assumpta fitzgerald ( dervla kirwan ) and love interest of peter clifford ( stephen tompkinson ) . he reprised the role for two episodes in 1998 . = = = cold feet and other episodes = = = in 1996 , nesbitt auditioned to play adam williams , the male lead in cold feet , an itv comedy premiere about three couples at different stages of their romantic relationship . the audition came about through a mutual friend of nesbitt ' s and the director , declan lowney . the producer , christine langan , has since praised his performances in hear my song and go home . adam had originally been written with an actor in mind to play him — english writer mike bullen had written the character as a somewhat different version of himself in his youth — but nesbitt decided to take the opportunity to appear in a comedy drama about an ordinary man from northern ireland with no connection to the troubles , modeled after the ex @ - @ love episode of love lies bleeding . cold feet was a ratings success ; it won the 1997 golden bear of montreux and the 1997 british comedy award for best itv comedy and was thus commissioned for a full series . cold feet ' s first series aired at the end of 1998 and was followed by the second series in 1999 . a storyline in that series involved adam being diagnosed with lung cancer , which inspired nesbitt to become a patron of the charity action cancer . by the time of the third series , nesbitt and the other cast members were beginning to influence the show ' s direction ; an episode of adam ' s tea party was due to be filmed on location in dublin . nesbitt suggested it be filmed in belfast and portrush instead. the scenes were filmed at his former employer barry ' s pub , although they were cut from the final episode . at the end of the fourth series in 2001 , nesbitt decided to quit to move on to other projects . executive producer andy davies persuaded him to stay for one more series by suggesting that adam be killed off , so nesbitt signed on for the fifth series . during pre @ - @ production of the fifth series , nick bullen decided to kill off adam ' s girlfriend rachel ( played by helen baxendale ) instead . cold feet ran for five series from 1998 to 2003 , and nesbitt won the british comedy award for best tv comedy performance in 2000 , the television and radio industries association award for drama tv personality of the year in 2002 , the national television award for most popular comedy performance in 2003 , and the diana quick award for best comedy in 2003 . nesbitt credited the role with raising his profile with the public . other television roles during these early years included liverpool ' s football team manager john dolan in the first two series of kay mellor ' s playing the part ( appearing alongside his cold feet co @ - @ star john thomson ) , investigative journalists ryan and david laney in danger man ( marc allen , 1998 ) and touching evil , respectively , and paul stanley in women play games ( coky giedroyc , 1999 ) . nesbitt ' s performance in hear my song had also impressed first @ - @ time screenwriter and film director michael douglas , who cast him in his 1998 feature film waking ned . playing amiable irish farmer " pig " finn brought nesbitt to international attention , particularly in the united states ( where the film was released as waking ned devine ) ; the cast was nominated for the 1999 screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a cast in a feature motion picture . in 1999 , he appeared as the paramilitary " mad dog " billy finn in the most fertile man in britain ( dudi films ) . the following year , he appeared in declan lowney ' s feature film , wild about you . lowney also personally selected him to appear in the lead role of first @ - @ alongside unionist politician john adair . in 2001 , he made his debut as a lead actor in a feature film , peter cattaneo ' s prison break . he played billy hands , an incompetent bank robber who attempts to escape from a prison by using a robbery as a distraction . on audition for the role , nesbitt said , "short of robbing a bank there wasn ' t much else we could have done but we did spend a night in wandsworth , and that was the nightmare monotony of prisoners ' lives . i didn ' t interview any of the prisoners because i thought it would be a little patronising as it was research for a book and also because we were going out at night in our fancy clothes to sleep in our fancy hotels . " the film was a commercial failure , despite some good feedback from television audiences in the united states . = = = bloody sunday = = = nesbitt had been approached at the british academy television awards ceremony by director paul greengrass , who asked him to star in a bbc drama he was making about the 1972 " bloody sunday " shooting in derry . nesbitt was only seven years old when the shooting happened and was ignorant of its significance ; he believed that there was " no peace without fire " and that the catholic marchers must have done something to provoke the british army . he was filming cold ##itz in manchester when he received the script . he read it and found that had " an immediate effect " on him . nesbitt played ivan cooper in bloody sunday , the man who arranged for the shooting to go ahead . to prepare for the role , nesbitt met with cooper and spent several hours talking to him about his motives on that day . he met with some of the victims and watched the televised bloody sunday footage with them , and also watched don mullan ' s eyewitness bloody sunday and john pringle and peter jacobson ' s those are real bullets , aren ' t they ? . greengrass compared nesbitt ' s preparation to an athlete preparing for a marathon , and told the observer , " for an irish actor , doing the film is like doing lear . " nesbitt had doubts whether he was a good enough actor to effectively portray cooper and was unsure what derry catholics would think of a protestant playing the lead , although ivan cooper himself is a protestant . shortly before bloody sunday was broadcast , nesbitt described it as " difficult , extraordinary " and " emotionally draining " . the broadcast on itv in january 2002 and its promotion did not go without incident ; he was criticised by critics for believing that catholics in northern ireland had " no collective responsibility " for the violence . his parents ' home was also vandalised and he received death threats . during the christmas season , nesbitt won the british independent film award for best performance by an actor in a british independent film and was nominatedfor the british academy film award for best actor . the film was also screened at film festivals such as the stockholm international film festival , where nesbitt was presented with the best actor award . in an analysis of the film in the film & memory journal , aileen blaney wrote that it is nesbitt ' s real @ - @ and household name status that made his portrayal of cooper such a success . she noted that nesbitt ' s celebrity status surpassed that of cooper ' s in the film : " a household name across great britain , northern ireland and the irish republic [ ... ] , nesbitt ' s widespread popular appeal is emphatically not dependent upon his authentic irish identity , and that the de @ - @ voicing of the character he plays does not alienate viewers of an opposing , or competing , religious faith . " guardian journalist susie smith suggested that his appearance in bloody sunday was an attempt to convey the expression of his " irishness " on screen : " where he has taken part in a sectarian drama , his intelligence as an actor has often been masked by an innocent , cartoon @ - @ style appearance . yet in his more serious , real @ - @ life roles , ( notably in cold feet , and as father murphy in the gently pastoral comedy waking ned ) , nesbitt ' s irishness has been exploited for its comic charm . it has been sugared and , in the process , de @ - @ animated . " a critic described bloody sunday as nesbitt ' s " coming of age " film , and nesbitt considers it a turning point in his career . he refers to his career since the film was released as " post @ - @ bloody sunday " . = = = murphy ' s law = = = in 2003 , nesbitt played fictional police detective tommy murphy in the second series of murphy ' s law , after starring in a successful pilot episode in 2001 . the series was conceived when nesbitt was keen on playing the character ; he and producer greg brenman approached author colin bateman about creating a television role for nesbitt in a similar vein to bateman ' s dan brown novels . bateman and nesbitt were already well acquainted ; nesbitt had been considered for a lead role in divorcing amy ( michael caffrey , 1998 ) , based on bateman ' s eponymous novel . a 90 @ - @ minute adaptation of murphy ' s law was commissioned by the bbc , initially as a " comedy - drama " . bat##eman created a new backstory for murphy , which was cut at the request of the producers . after the broadcast of the pilot , television critic gareth mclean wrote , " the young james nesbitt turned into a strong , highly watchable supporting character , though rarely did he seem overwhelmed by his efforts , and his chemistry with [ claudia ] ryan was strong and occasionally electric . " in 2003 , nesbitt won the irish film & television award ( ifta ) for best actor in a television drama for the pilot . the second series was broadcast in 2004 . by 2005 , nesbitt had become tired of the formula and threatened to quit unless the structure of the show was changed . he was made a creative consultant and suggested that murphy keep one undercover character for the full series , instead of developing into a new character every episode . this new dramatic element to the series was intended to make it a closer representation of fact @ - @ life police work . following his research with fellow undercover officer peter bleksley , nesbitt hired a personal trainer and grew a fake mustache to change murphy ' s physical appearance and tone to the " irish chappie " persona that the character had become accustomed to from his childhood . with his partner , he worked out three times a week , jogging and doing stretches and weights . after the first new episode was broadcast , john vine wrote in the times , " in the past , when attempting a hard voice or a hard look , nesbitt has never managed much more than a faintly amused expression , perhaps just waiting to break out of those twinkly blue eyes . but here , he ' s different . he genuinely has the look of a man who means well . " the fifth series marked another milestone in nesbitt ' s career ; he described it as " a big moment " in his life . murphy ' s law was not recommissioned for a sixth series , which nesbitt attributed to the damage done to the fifth series ratings when it was shown opposite the popular itv drama doc martin . in 2004 , nesbitt starred in wall of silence , a fact @ - @ life drama about the aftermath of the murder of boy jamie murphy . nesbitt played stuart murphy , the boy ' s father , who tries to break through the wall of silence in the local pub to discover exactly what happened to his son . he had only just completed bloody murder when he was offered the part and was unsure whether he wanted to take on such a demandingrole so soon after by ivan cooper . he decided to accept the part because he found it appealing . to prepare for the role , nesbitt met with robe and spent weeks talking to him in his south london flat , learning about jamie , and of jamie ' s fight for his life . nesbitt spoke with his yorkshire accent instead of affecting robe ' s south london accent , as he did not want the accent to be excluded from the drama . the first @ - @ episode was filmed over three weeks and broadcast in february 2004 . the role gained nesbitt an ifta nomination for best actor in a tv drama later that year . in march 2004 , he appeared in tony marchant ' s passer by , playing joe keyes , a man who witnesses a woman being accosted by some men on a train and chooses not to investigate . he later learns that the woman was murdered but cannot bring himself to admit in court that he did nothing to kill her . nesbitt described himself as " really a better man than me : a good father and husband . but , because he has made a bad decision , he can ' t control everything in his life , as he thinks he is doing . he loses the respect of his wife , his son and at ##tila , and has to reach the lowest possible level of financial redemption . " as a result of these serious roles , he was named the sixth most popular actor in radio drama in a listing compiled by industry experts for the radio times . in may 2004 , he appeared as inspector parlabane in the itv adaptation of michael brookmyre ' s novel , one hundred . the producers originally wanted english actor douglas henshall to play inspector parlabane but itv later overruled them and cast nesbitt . he was given coaching to learn the accent but it was soon dropped on the advice of both the producers and his co @ - @ star daniela nardini . also in 2004 , he filmed the roles of ronnie smith in millions ( danny boyle , 2004 ) , and detective banner in match point ( woody allen , 2005 ) . he was also taking time off from acting and did not really want the role in match point . he sent in an audition tape and was cast for the role . nesbitt ' s father died at the end of the film and he read only that part of the script , so did not know the full circumstances of the case he investigates . despite his initial reservations , nesbitt enjoyed working with banner , and complimented him onhis directorial debut . nesbitt returned to stage acting in june 2005 when he appeared in david nicholls ' the sun , a ten @ - @ - @ - @ play performed as part of the old vic ' s ten @ - @ length summer season . nesbitt and catherine tate starred as a married couple who meet a group of newlyweds returning from their honeymoon . later that year , he appeared in his first ten @ - @ length play in five years , in paul mccafferty ' s shoot the crow . he enjoyed the experience of learning his lines and working with the cast and director . the play opened at the trafalgar studios in september 2005 and his performance as socrates gained mixed reviews . in the guardian , michael coveney suggested the role did not suit the actor : " nesbitt was cool . but i never felt that he fit inside his role of a chap like socrates [ . . . ] he grinned and laughed throughout the evening which gradually became less about grouting on tiles and more about grating on nerves . " in the daily telegraph , john fordham described nesbitt ' s performance as " superb " . = = = jekyll , five minutes , 2006 = = = at the end of 2005 , nesbitt and his agent met with bbc controller of drama jane tranter to discuss a new series of burke ' s law . at the meeting ' s conclusion , tranter showed nesbitt the first episode script of jekyll , a new series by steven moffat that followed the story of dr jekyll and mr hyde . nesbitt spent three hours reading the script before accepting the role of henry jackman — and his alter @ - @ persona mr hyde . after signing on for the role , he met with moffat and hartswood films executive producer john vertue to discuss the casting , and attended several ten @ - @ up meetings . his anticipation for the part was heightened because filming was not due to begin until october 2006 . nesbitt spent an hour a day being made up as hyde ; a wig covered his hairline and glasses were added to his eyes , nose and ear lobes . he also wore black contact lenses to make hyde " soulless " , though cgi was used to simulate the look from jackman in close @ - @ ups . the series was broadcast on bbc two in june and july 2007 . the role secured him a nomination from the hollywood foreign press association for the golden globe award for best performance by an american ina mini @ - @ miniseries or motion picture made for television , and a nomination for the rose d ' or for best actor . in 2008 , he played pontius caesar in the passion , a bbc / hbo adaptation of the last week of the life of christ . he had originally rejected the role due to his filming commitments , but accepted the role after his agent told him to co @ - @ read it before making a final decision . he was surprised to learn that the serial was being written by nigel stafford @ - @ clark , whose bleak house adaptation he had enjoyed , and that he would be working with his jekyll co @ - @ friend denis lawson . compared to most depictions of jesus , nesbitt described the jesus story as " nice " , and — as when " he parlabane — in his irish accent . the serial was broadcast in the uk during easter of 2008 . shortly after filming the passion , he filmed the part of detective inspector raban in the hammer films thriller dead man , which was shown on itv in october 2008 . it earned him a joint nomination ( along with the 2007 remake of murphy ' s law ) for the itv3 crime thriller award for best actor . at the end of the year , he had a starring role in the low @ - @ budget television film peter . the writer and director mark aldridge created the character of peter with nesbitt in mind to play him . the film had a limited release in 2008 and 2009 . the bbc screened it on television in 2010 . nesbitt said , " the role of peter is what i have dreamed of playing , you wait your whole life for an opportunity like this and when it comes you have to grab it . " the following year , nesbitt co @ - @ starred with liam neeson in the fact @ - @ based television film five minutes of heaven ( michael hirschbiegel , 2009 ) . the first part of the film features the real @ - @ the murder of jim griffin by alistair little in the lurgan ; the second part features a fictional meeting between joe ( neeson ) and jim ' s brother joe ( nesbitt ) ten years later . nesbitt met with joe and he began to talk about how his brother ' s murder affected him . the film was shown on bbc two in january 2009 . he also appeared as detective sgt . peter swift in peter bowker ' s three @ - @ part bbc / hbo television series occupation . in occupation , filmed over two years , nesbitt 'the character is one of two british soldiers who return to baghdad , iraq after their tours have concluded . he researched the film by speaking to british army officers in iraq , and french officers in morocco , where the film was shot . both performances were commended by independent journalist hugh montgomery ; in his review of 2009 ' s television , montgomery named nesbitt " actor of the year " , writing , " just when you see james nesbitt coming off as the gurning embodiment of everything good about british tv drama , he had two stonking ##s , namely the transfixingly harrowed sergeant in casualty , and the brutally murdered victim ' s father in the @ - @ troubles piece five minutes of heaven . give the film a bafta . " nesbitt was not nominated for a bafta award , though did receive a nomination for best actor from the broadcasting press awards for his performances . = = = international work = = = in late 2009 , nesbitt signed a contract with the british talent agency united talent agency , as the global financial crisis was restricting talent in feature films . he continued to be represented in the united kingdom by artists rights group . the following year nesbitt played the character cathal in the low @ - @ tv british horror film outcast , which was a departure from his usual character types . after screening at several international film festivals in early 2010 , the film received a wide release in the latter part of the year . nesbitt had previously worked with the film ' s director and co @ - @ writer colm mccarthy on murphy ' s law , which was the reason he accepted the role . he researched the mythical origins of the character by learning about their history and mythology . he also starred alongside minnie driver and his welcome to sarajevo co @ - @ star goran visnjic in the tiger aspect television serial the deep . in the low @ - @ tv drama , nesbitt played nuclear engineer clem donnelly . the film was filmed over 12 weeks at bbc scotland ' s studios in dumbarton . early 2010 saw the release of nadia tass ' s film matching hearts , in which nesbitt played the lead role of connor . he became interested in the project after reading an early script draft in 2006 . in 2008 , the global financial crisis severely affected the budget of the film , and nesbitt volunteered a reduction in his salary so the film could still be made . the film was shot over six weeks in melbourne in 2009 and released in 2010 . next , nes##bitt collaborated with british screenwriter peter bowker to star in the itv medical drama series monroe , playing jack monroe . nesbitt was bowker ' s first choice for the role . nesbitt assisted the development of the new character by watching brain surgery , performed by henry simmons , and by dr . john hille at leeds general infirmary . the series was filmed over three weeks in leeds at the end of 2010 and aired on itv during march and april 2011 . nesbitt will reprise the role in the second series , which is set to begin production in 2012 . in film , nesbitt co @ - @ stars as irish ##man john in emilio estevez ' s all the way , alongside martin sheen , deborah kara unger , and yorick van wageningen , and has a role as sicinius in ralph fiennes ' contemporary shakespeare play coriolanus . alongside many other british and irish actors , nesbitt was cast in peter jackson ' s three @ - @ night comedy the dwarf , as the dwarf bofur . nesbitt did not read j . r . r . tolkien ' s novel but accepted the role anyway . as the film was scheduled to take around six months to shoot in new zealand , nesbitt ' s wife and daughters travelled with him , and his sons were enrolled in a new zealand school . filming commenced in january 2011 . the first part , the dwarf : an unexpected journey , was filmed in december 2012 , the second part , the dwarf : the return of smaug , in december 2013 , and the third and final part , the hobbit : the battle of the five armies , in december 2014 . = = other ##world = = in 2002 , nesbitt made his television debut as the host of peter nesbitt ' s blazing stars , a production for bbc choice that saw him spend two weeks in las vegas hosting the world finals rodeo and the miss rodeo beauty pageant . in 2007 , he was the guest host of an episode of the late @ - @ night channel 4 comedy the friday night project . as a film awards presenter , he hosted the ifta awards ceremony for three consecutive years between 2005 and 2007 , the british independent film awards from 2005 to 2010 , and the national movie awards in 2008 and 2010 . in 2009 , he hosted the laurence olivier awards . an amateur golfer since his teenage years , nesbitt captained the european team for sky one ' s all * star tour in 2005 and 2006 . hesigned up to a series of high @ - @ pop tv advertisements for the yell ##o in 2003 , playing a hapless character called james for the company ' s spray paint campaign until 2006 . times writer andrew billen noted that the role " cost him some credibility " but nesbitt was pleased with the response he received from them . in 2004 , he joined the supergroup twisted x to record " born in france " , an unofficial anthem for the england national football team ' s victory in the uefa euro 2004 tournament . his vocals have also appeared in lucky luke and an episode of cold feet . the song he performed in the latter — " ( this is ) the perfect trap " — was released on one of the series ' soundtrack albums . he also contributed vocals to the waking ned soundtrack . a fan of the irish band ash , he made a cameo in their unreleased film slashed . in 2009 , he starred in the music video for " the day i died " , a song by fellow high @ - @ pop artist just jack . nesbitt was introduced to just jack by elton john . nesbit ##t scheduled to host the 2013 british independent music awards in london on 8 december 2013 . since 2013 nesbitt appears in adverts for thomas cook . in 2014 , nesbitt had the lead role of the character of tony walsh in the bbc drama series the way , alongside frances o ' connor ( as his ex / ex @ - @ wife , emily hughes / walsh ) and tcheky karyo ( as julien baptiste , leading french intelligence officer ) . the drama centres on a newly married couple , whose son goes missing while they are on holiday in france , and the following years of them trying to find answers as to what happened to their son and daughter . coincidentally , nesbitt and karyo had appeared previously together in the martin freeman film the way ( 2010 ) . = = personal life = = nesbitt is married to sonia forbes @ - @ adam , the daughter of reverend sir john forbes adam . the two met when nesbitt went to the play high @ - @ shakespeare for hamlet at loughborough university in 1989 , and they soon began dating . they split up for a while after the success of sing my song but ... and married in 1994 . they have since had two daughters , peggy and sophie ( both of whom appeared in the first two bond movies , the daughters of none the wise ) . nesbitt ' s two sisters also became actresses . in 2002 , asunday times published an interview with a press photographer who claimed to have had a two @ - @ month affair with nesbitt . shortly afterwards , a newspaper article revealed an affair with a prostitute , who claimed nesbitt had dreams of sleeping with his cold feet two @ - @ star kimberley joseph , and amanda brunker , a former miss england . commenting on the publication of details about his personal life , nesbitt has said he feared that he would lose his marriage , though the stress of his " personal life " allowed him to " take a long and hard look " at himself . in january 2013 , nesbitt announced that he and his wife sonia forbes @ - @ adam would split from each other after ten years . the couple says that the success of the two films has forced the couple to live separately for the past two years . the split came as a business decision and the couple claim that infidelity was not one of the reasons for their split . nesbitt is a patron of wave , a charity set up to support those traumatised by the troubles . the charity faced difficulties due to funding issues before nesbitt encouraged politicians and artists to become involved . since 2005 , he has been a unicef goodwill ambassador , working with hiv and aids sufferers , and former child soldiers in africa . he describes the role as " a dream " . writing in the guardian about his visit to zambia in 2006 , nesbitt said that the children he met were owed a moral and moral responsibility . the article was described in the evening standard as " moving and notably un @ - @ crafted " . since 1999 , he has been a patron of action ##aid , a result of both his character ' s battle with prostate cancer and a role in the first series of cold feet , where his character suffered from cancer . he has been an honorary patron of abbey theatre , one of ireland ' s leading theatre companies , since 2007 . he is a supporter of football teams coleraine and manchester united . in 2003 , nesbitt made a donation of " thousands of pounds " to coleraine , after the team came close to relegation . he has called the team " a symbol " of coleraine and encouraged more people to support premier league football . nesbitt was a vocal supporter of malcolm turnbull ' s 2005 takeover of manchester united , though after the failure of that takeover he acted in television advertisements promoting executive suites at old trafford , for which he was criticised by fans . to counter the criticism , he made one half ofhis £ ##4 @ , @ 000 fee to the manchester united supporters ' trust and the prize money to unicef . nesbitt is the @ - @ owner of national hunt racehorse ' riverside college ' , named after the campus of the university of ulster in coleraine , which won the ryanair stakes at the 2012 cheltenham festival . in june 2010 , nesbitt accepted the ceremonial post of chancellor of the university of ulster , succeeding former lord mayor of belfast sir richard nichols . gerry mallon , the chairman of the university governing council , said nesbitt to " bring new energy , dynamism and commitment " to the post . on his official appointment on 1 july 2010 , nesbitt said , " rather than being just an informal official officiating at ceremonies , i believe i will act as an ambassador . i have spoken to an awful lot of people and places because of my work . i hope to be a voice that can be heard , not only at the university , but also outside promoting the importance of the funding of education . if that includes me here at stormont , then i ' d be very happy to do that . clearly these government spending cuts are going to have an impact and it ' s important to fight for funding because it ' s about investing in students and investing in the people of northern ireland . i think i can do something to that , otherwise i wouldn ' t have taken this job . " he was appointed officer of the order of the british empire ( obe ) in the 2016 new year honours for services to education and to the community in northern ireland . = = filmography and awards = = = = personal honours = = honorary doctor of letters ( d . litt ) for services to education from university of ulster , magee campus ( 9 may 2003 ) . certificate of honour for services to drama from belfast metropolitan college ( 13 may 2008 ) . chancellor of the university of ulster ( 2010 — ) ( ceremonial )