= moro river campaign = the moro river campaign was an offensive campaign of the italian campaign during the second world war , fought between units of the british eighth army and ii panzer corps ( ii panzerkorps ) of the german 10th army ( 10 . armee ) . lasting from 4 – 26 december 1943 , the campaign was primarily in the vicinity of the moro river in northern italy . the campaign was designed as part of an offensive plan by general sir harold alexander ' s british 15th army group , with the intention of breaching the italian army ' s gustav line defensive system and advancing to pescara — and then back . beginning on 4 december , four infantry divisions — one british , one canadian , one australian and one new zealand ( which included an armoured brigade ) — and two armoured brigades ( one british and one canadian ) of v corps and xiii corps attacked heavily fortified german positions along the moro river , achieving several exploitable bridgeheads by 12 december . by the following day , nearly all offensive ##s by both sides — designed to keep one another pinned down — created stagnated defensive positions around orsogna and a narrow corridor known as " the line " . after being held in the line for several days , the canadians succeeded in outflanking the defences , and forcing a german withdrawal to the ortona – orsogna line . on 14 december , the line was attacked by xiii corps . by 16 december , strong german resistance had trapped canadian forces in ortona and australian and new zealand forces in orsogna . although both ortona and campo grande were captured by the end of december , mass exhaustion among the allied forces delayed the capture of orsogna and an advance to pescara . when severe winter weather set in , it became clear to the allied generals that no further progress would be made and they called off the offensive . = = = = = in late 1943 , the 15th army group under general sir harold alexander was fighting their way south in italy against determined german forces commanded by generalfeldmarschall albert kesselring , whose forces had prepared a succession of defensive lines . north of the apennine mountain spine was the british eighth army , under general bernard montgomery . in italy , eighth army had crossed the bifurno river and driven the german defenders from the volturno @ - @ viktor line area . hampered by supply problems , they were not able to attack the second line of defences ( the barbara line ) along the trigno river until late november . however , by 9the main forces of the eighth army were in contact with the forward elements of the german winter line , which had been established on the high ground south of the sangro river . the initial attack across the sangro by xiii corps ( lieutenant @ - @ general charles allfrey ) , comprising the british 78th infantry division ( major @ - @ general vyvyan evelegh ) and 8th indian infantry division ( major @ - @ general dudley russell ) with flanking and supporting attacks further inland by 2nd new zealand division ( lieutenant @ - @ general bernard freyberg ) and xiii corps ( major @ - @ general miles f . dempsey ) — was delayed by bad weather until 30 november . after several days of hard fighting , the germans withdrew to the positions they had built on the high ground to the north of the po river . = = offensive plan and order of battle = = the po river runs from the central mountain range of italy to the adriatic sea south of ortona . the german defences along the moro formed a centerpiece of the winter line , which covered the eastern side of the apennines along route 9 . montgomery planned to break through the winter line , capture ortona and pescara and advance to rome . the 78th infantry division , which had been under xiii corps since the volturno line , and had suffered over 7 @ , @ 000 casualties in less than two months , was replaced by the fresh 2nd canadian infantry division ( major @ - @ general chris vokes ) , ready to renew the attack on 1 january 1943 . the 78th infantry division was sent into the mountains on the relatively fresh right flank of the attack , with the british 5th infantry division ( major @ - @ general gerard bucknall ) under xiii corps . montgomery ' s plan called for the allied forces to advance across the moro from the alpine lowlands to take ortona , and then pescara . then , in the low hills above the mouth of the moro , the relatively fresh 2nd new zealand division would attack toward orsogna , and between these , the 8th indian infantry division would cover the rest of the front in a relatively static position . facing v corps stood the 1st parachute division ( 1 . fallschirmjagerdivision ) under brigadier general ( generalmajor ) richard heidrich on the left , to their right stood the 90th panzergrenadier division ( 90 . panzergrenadierdivision ) under major general carl @ - @ hans lungershausen commanded by colonel ( oberst )ernst @ - @ gunther baade on 5 december , and further south of them was the 26th panzer division ( 26 . panzerdivision ) under brigadier general friedrich freiherr von luttwitz with their right flank on orsogna . further inland , in ii corps , was the 65 ##th division ( 65 . infantriedivision ) under brigadier general hellmuth pfeifer supported by elements of 1st battalion and 5th mountain division ( 5 . gebirgsdivision ) under major general julius ringel . together , these divisions formed traugott ii ′ s ii panzer corps , the part of von lemelsen ' s fourth army responsible for the front line to the east of the river . = = canadian attack across the river = = on 6 december 1943 , german forces launched a series of large @ - @ battalion assaults on the crossing points of the po river with the aim of securing a strong bridgehead in the front line . three main points of attack were chosen : villa rogatti , along the western edge of the canadian line ; san leonardo , 2 km ( 3 @ . @ 1 mi ) south of ortona ; and san donato , a small town near the italian border . the primary canadian battalions were ordered to assault these positions with the aim of crossing the moro river . the attacks were scheduled to start on the morning of 6 december . = = = villa rogatti = = = the task of capturing villa rogatti , the westernmost crossing point , was assigned to princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry ( ppcli ) . having conducted reconnaissance on their objective during the night of 5 december 1943 , an operational plan was devised by the battalion ' s commanding — lieutenant @ - @ major cameron bethel , — detailing the movements of all the canadian companies . once the objective had been achieved in the early morning of 6 december , anglo @ - @ battalion elements were to be moved into villa rogatti , with the intention of meeting the expected very strong german attack . elements of two german divisions — the 27th and 361st panzergrenadier , and 26th , — maintained strong defences within the town . at 00 : 00 on 6 december , two companies of the ppcli crossed the moro river , moving towards villa rogatti . within an hour , vicious fighting had erupted throughout the town as the two companies of canadian infantry struggled to break the german defensive line . as one company broke through the german lines , artillery fire began to thethen , moved to the 200 panzergrenadier regiment ( 200 . panzergrenadier _ regiment ) near villa rogatti . although two canadian infantry battalions had occupied villa rogatti , german panzergrenadier forces still maintained substantial defences on the outskirts of the town . however , c company continued to advance north along the eastern side of the town , facing stiff resistance from the 361st panzergrenadier regiment ( 361 . panzergrenadier @ - @ regiment ) . after approximately an hour of fighting by c and d companies , villa rogatti had been captured by german forces shortly before midnight . by well @ - @ morning , german counterattacks on ppcli positions in the town had begun , involving tanks from the 2nd battalion of the 26th tank regiment ( 26 . tank @ - @ regiment ) , field artillery and german infantry reinforcements . during the night two infantry companies of the ppcli fought off several attacks by german forces , eventually managing to push them back to the vineyards on the northern side of the town . while the ppcli had taken 50 prisoners , german casualties were estimated at 120 . however , three strong german forces surrounded the canadian positions at villa rogatti , making further defence of the bridgehead impossible . col . ware was advised to be prepared to withdraw across the moro river , should german forces arrive . in order to allow the canadian division a greater concentration of force , during the night of 7 / 8 december , the indian 21st infantry brigade from the indian 2nd infantry division absorbed the remaining elements of the 1st canadian division into their own brigade . as a result of the amalgamation , canadian efforts would focus on achieving a bridgehead at san leonardo . = = = san leonardo = = = the canadian attack on san leonardo by the seaforth highlanders of italy began late on 5 december 1943 with c company securing the bridgehead across the river , despite heavy opposition . in the early morning of 6 december , c company was relieved and two other seaforth companies resumed the offensive . while ppcli secured and held their bridgehead across the moro river , the seaforth highlanders were struggling to capture san leonardo . by 07 : 15 , a single objective had been taken , with german forces pinned down and well @ - @ coordinated artillery fire from two companies of the 361st regiment . however , small arms fire prevented c company from moving up the road from the town to san leonardo , while d company remained on the southern bank of the moro throughout the early morning . during the night , havingfailed to capture san leonardo , the hastings and prince edward regiments sent two rifle companies to the aid of the seaforth highlanders , a seaforth highlanders company attacked just south of san leonardo — inflicted 129 casualties on german forces in the area . however , the attack on san leonardo by the seaforth companies stalled rapidly when the 21st panzer regiment ' s armoured cars reinforced the sector . as a result , forin was forced to prepare for a withdrawal from the san leonardo bridgehead . = = = san donato = = = after attempts were made to cross the po at san leonardo and at rogatti , the hastings and prince edward regiment launched an assault on the river , crossing at the small coastal hamlet of san donato at 13 : 40 on 5 december . however , the single rifle company in the attack made little tactical progress and major @ - @ - _ — commander of the hastings & prince edward regiment — ordered a withdrawal at 15 : 00 . throughout 6 december , the german coastal defences would resist further advancement , forcing the incorporation of tanks and artillery into the assault . by nightfall , the german forces still possessed control of san donato , with the hastings and prince edward regiment withdrawing to the southern bank of the po river . = = = crossing the po = = = on 8 december 1943 , major general vokes devised a new plan for taking the po river . while the 48th highlanders of canada and princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry resumed the assault on san leonardo from the west side of the river , the royal canadian regiment ( rcr ) would break out of the gap created by the hastings and prince edward regiments , then move north towards san leonardo to link up with the battalion and ppcli . the operation was scheduled to start on the afternoon of 8 december . the attack began with a heavy artillery barrage which hit german positions continuously for two hours . at 16 : 00 , the saskatoon light infantry support company joined in , hitting german positions with bursts of machine gun fire . the moment the artillery bombardment ended , the 48th highlanders and the rcr both resumed their attacks . a company of the 48th highlanders was able to quickly cross the river , with few casualties . however , b company was subjected to heavy fire from german mortars and 88 mm ( . @ . @ 46 ##mm ) artillery shells . eventually , however , both companies managed to establish strong positions on the high ridge overlooking san leonardo . during the night of 8 / 9 december , members of the royal canadian engineers ( rce ) constructed a bridge across the moro, to allow troops and tanks to move into san leonardo the following day . as the cameron highlanders secured their positions north of san leonardo , the royal canadian regiment was involved in the fighting south of san donato . two companies had fought against strong and well prepared german defences of the 20th panzergrenadier regiment . a company was quickly tied down by german artillery fire , while b company attacked german positions to the north of san donato . by nightfall , all four companies held tenuous positions in the thick of german defences . on the night of 8 / 9 december , the rcr was subjected to attacks by the 200th panzergrenadier regiment which were repulsed with the support of heavy canadian artillery fire . by the morning of 9 december , the rce had captured the bridge over the po river , allowing the tanks of the 7th armoured regiment ( the armoured regiment ) to transport two companies of seaforth highlanders across the river into san leonardo . by late morning , san leonardo had been cleared of german forces , although strong resistance still remained outside of the town . within an hour , the canadians ' tanks had broken through german positions near sterlen castle and two companies had linked up with the 48th battalion and princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry within san leonardo , finally establishing firm defensive positions across the moro river . by the evening of 9 december , german forces of the 90th panzergrenadier division fell back to their final defensive position : a formidable obstacle known as " the mole " . = = attacks on orsogna = = after canadian crossed the moro river , the new zealand division launched a two battalion attack , operation torso , against orsogna at 14 : 00 on 7 december . the canadians had the british 2nd parachute infantry battalion under their command , anchoring their right flank and were supported by heavy amounts of artillery and air support . surprise was achieved as traugott herr , the commander of ii panzer corps , had been informed that the new zealanders would not be in a position to launch a major attack until 8 december . initially , the new zealand ##ers progressed well , but the german defenders lost their ground and the attack gained ground against the fortified defensive positions . by 21 : 00 , the nz 24th infantry battalion had fought its way through slow house to house fighting to the centre of the town , but was pinned down with no chance of further progress without significant armoured support . however , a series of concealed minefields and poorly trained superior german armour made the task of the allied infantry impossible . in theearly morning of 8 december , the new zealand general — bernard freyberg — ordered a withdrawal from the town with a view to renewing the attack with some softening fire from artillery and armour . = = = division across the river – the " impossible " bridge = = with both the australian and new zealand divisions making progress again , it was decided to bring the british 21st infantry division into the attack with orders to capture caldari . with no river crossing available , the royal engineers began to build a bridge across the moro which was completed on 9 december and allowed infantry and supporting units to cross and expand the bridgehead on the far bank . the bridge was named the " impossible bridge " because the local topography allowed for it to be built away from the enemy side of the river . = = the gully = = = = = air attacks = = = following the capture of san leonardo and the po river , the 2nd panzergrenadier division withdrew to its primary defensive line 5 km ( + @ . @ 1 mi ) north of san leonardo . the position was on a deep ravine known as " the gully " , with an average depth of 200 ft ( 61 m ) . general vokes ' s plan to capture the position ( as well as make a breakthrough on the roads toward ortona ) consisted of a frontal assault by the 2nd canadian infantry brigade , which would seize vino ridge , cross the gully and take positions on the ortona to orsogna road . however , german defences were adequately prepared , including several @ - @ positions , bunkers and trenches . on 10 december , three canadian battalions made their first attempt to cross the river . although they succeeded in capturing the ridge , directly south of the gully , attempts to take german positions in the ravine were unsuccessful . on 11 december , the canadian battalions made another attempt , with the loyal canadian regiment suffering heavy casualties in their attempt to take german positions in the ravine . although a badly outnumbered a company was able to gain a position on the reverse slope , newly arrived german units forced the 2nd battalion to withdraw . on 12 january 1943 , general vokes sent the three battalions of the 3rd canadian infantry brigade against german positions in the ravine . the assault went poorly , when the attack plans were captured by elements of the 90th panzergrenadier division ' s 200th regiment . when the west nova scotia battalion attacked the gully , they were subject to counterattacks by the 200th panzergrenadier division approximately 10 : 00 .by 14 : 00 , the battalion had called off its attacks and had taken no casualties . to the south , princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry did little better , with d company taking heavy casualties in their assault . attempts were also made on 13 december , by two battalions of the 1st canadian infantry brigade , and the canadians were beaten back by stiff german resistance . on the morning of 14 december , the heavily depleted 90th panzergrenadier division was relieved from their positions in the gully by units of the 1st parachute division . = = = casa berardi = = = by 14 december , vokes had devised a new operational plan for taking the village . a small force from the royal 22e regiment would move to casa berardi , a small cluster of houses west of the gully , thereby overwhelming german forces with infantry and armour , thereby forcing the 1st parachute division to withdraw . the attack was to begin at dawn , with two companies of the royal 22e regiment attacking casa berardi with artillery support . by 07 : 50 , both sides had control of the lateral highway leading to casa berardi . c company — under captain rene triquet — pushed north toward casa berardi with support from the ontario regiment , while d company found itself engaged in firefights west of casa berardi . at 08 : 30 , c company began their assault toward the manor house in casa berardi , approximately 2 @ , @ 000 yd ( 1 @ , @ 800 m ) away . the german defences inflicted heavy casualties to the attackers ; only 150 men and two tanks made it to within 200 yd ( 180 m ) of the house . despite the loss of several company ##s , triquet ' s canadian forces captured the manor house at 14 : 30 . however , only 14 men of c company remained behind to continue fighting . for his failure to capture casa berardi , triquet was awarded the victoria cross . = = eighth army decided to renew the attack = = with the 5th division defeated , montgomery decided to raise the siege , by withdrawing the british 5th infantry division from the relatively narrow xiii corps front in the pyrenees mountains on the right flank of the eighth army and placing them between the new zealand and indian divisions . this would allow the indian division to withdraw and continue their attacks and give montgomery two days to continue the advance between orsogna and the somme . on 12 december , the british 5th infantry brigade — the first of 5th division ' s divisions — arrive instuart and under the new zealand division ' s command . once the division headquarters and its two brigades had arrived , these two right hand divisions were to be organised under the command of xiii corps , commanded by lieutenant @ - @ _ miles dempsey . to the left of the canadian division , the indian infantry brigade had by 13 december established a small bridgehead at the " impossible bridge " . that evening , a new 8th indian division , — the 17th indian infantry brigade — passed through and attacked towards caldari . the 1st battalion royal scots stormed the village after a long day ' s fighting while the 1st battalion canterbury mounted rifles seized point 198 ##a , holding it against german counterattacks , particularly from late in the afternoon of 14 december . that evening , 1st battalion 12th frontier force regiment attacked on the flank of the division and established positions on the lateral road between ortona and orsogna running parallel to the railway some , @ , @ 000 yd ( 910 m ) north of the " impossible bridge " . on the evening of 15 december , the 1st / 5th battalion essex regiment from the indian division ' s 19th indian infantry brigade , which had been held in reserve , was committed on the right flank of the frontier force regiment to advance in the direction of crecchio and overran a number of german positions . by the morning of 16 december , several attacks from the 8th indian regiments 2nd battalion had secured positions on the lateral road , indicating that the 8th indian division was firmly established in the main german line . meanwhile , at 01 : 00 on 15 december , the new zealand division — electing not to launch a major frontal assault on orsogna — launched their 5th brigade in operation florence , a new flanking attack to the north of the village . by that afternoon , the brigade was firmly established on the orsogna to ortona lateral road and had driven a shallow penetration into the german forward defensive line . although they had exhausted almost all their ammunition , divisional command was optimistic for the prospects for the next attack , given the heavy casualties they had inflicted that day . nevertheless , the germans launched a counterattack at 03 : 15 on 17 december , throwing in reinforcements from the 6th parachute brigade , attached by herr to the 26th infantry division to relieve the exhausted 9th panzergrenadier regiment . these reinforcements had arrived late that evening after a long delay . supported by artillery , they attacked the right @ - @ hand new zealand positions held by the 8th nz battalion , but were held off and were withdrawn by daylight . however , even before the german attack began beenmeanwhile , the canadian infantry had advanced toward orsogna with two companies of sherman tanks . under intense artillery and anti @ - @ tank fire , the tanks and infantry became separated and the battalion became a target rather than a diversion . operation florence had come to an end . while the british line had been pushed back and they had sustained casualties they could ill afford , they still successfully held orsogna . furthermore , the new zealand division was , for the time being , worn out and required a period of rest and rest . by 17 december , the british 5th division had completed its move into the area with the new zealand and the indian divisions . there followed a period of hostile patrolling and fighting on the v corps front . the main thrust of the attack was now assumed by v corps as the canadians attacked for ortona with the 5th division on their right flank attacking toward casa grande and tollo . = = from the gully = = in preparation for what he hoped would be the final attack on the gully , vokes shifted the 2nd canadian infantry brigade to occupy positions formerly assigned to the 1st brigade . vokes planned for an attack by the carleton and york regiment to be the first of the three assaults against the gully . should this attack fail , the 2nd brigade ' s seaforth highlanders and the royal canadian regiment would advance on casa berardi and attack german forces , forcing a withdrawal from the gully . at 07 : 00 on 17 december , two companies of the carleton and york regiment attacked . after little more than an hour of fighting , however , the canadians were forced to call the attack off . in the afternoon , the two lightly armed companies of the canadian 22e battalion fought off a strong german counterattack on casa berardi , with the royal canadian field artillery firing 3 @ , @ 398 shells in support of british forces . on 18 december , vokes planned what would be the final attack on the village during the night . starting at 08 : 00 , the artillery would cover a 900 m ( 3 @ , @ 000 yd ) front , to a height of 300 m ( 980 ft ) . every 15 minutes , the artillery would fire 100 m ( 110 yd ) forward , continuing to pound german defences on the front line . less than 100 m behind this barrage , the 48th highlanders would advance across the ortona @ - @ orsogna valley line . at the same time , the 1st indian division would attack back toward crecchio , preventing german forces from crossing the gully . when the 48th highlandersreached the main crossroads , the royal canadian regiment would move north , overrunning rome itself , and advance along the ortona @ - @ orsogna road . both attacks would be supported by tanks of the three rivers regiment . at first , the attack went extremely well . however , when the artillery shifted their barrage , the german defences had recovered and their machine gun fire devastated the advancing forces . in b company of the royal canadian regiment , one platoon member was killed or wounded . the attack was quickly abandoned . on 23 december , british forces tried again and the royal canadian regiment captured cider crossroads by noon . this time , vokes had determined that the operation would be successful , with armoured forces of the three rivers regiment moving to the start lines shortly before 07 : 00 . due to shortages of ammunition and bad weather , h @ - @ hour was postponed until 14 : 15 . when h @ - @ hour came , a powerful creeping barrage forced two companies of the royal canadian regiment eastward . by evening , b company reached the main crossroads , having met almost no resistance in their advance to the village . however , german forces had already evacuated the gully , falling back to allow for a strong defence of ortona , with elements of the british 1st indian brigade now entrenched in the town . = = villa grande = = in order to keep up pressure on the whole village , the 1st indian brigade was ordered to capture villa grande and exploit any gains as far as the arielli road which ran from the mountains through tollo to the coast . the attack went in at 05 : 00 on 22 december but failed in all circumstances . the 1 / 1st battalion , middlesex regiment continued their attack the next morning with more success . after a counterattack by german forces had been repulsed at midday , the battalion began to clear up the rest of the village . however , deadly - scale house @ - @ to @ - @ house ##keeping continued for the rest of 23 december and for the next two days as the remaining parachute soldiers clung on . to the east of villa grande , the 1 / 5th punjabis had captured vezzano on 23 december and a continuous defensive line had been established . on 24 december , reinforcements in the form of 3rd battalion , 14th punjab regiment were brought forward and after a softening ground attack was launched on the east side of villa grande . with two battalions now available ( the 5th battalion , royal west kents had by now been tasked with the south east side of the village ) supported by tanks , villa grande was finally taken bythe morning of 22 december . the troops of the 10th indian division entered the village to find a shambles . one correspondent described the scene " as if a dog had trodden on a child ' s box of blocks " . = = xiii corps , orsogna = = on 22 december , 4 @ - @ general dempsey ' s xiii corps launched a major offensive to push back the german line from orsogna . in the afternoon , the british 5th infantry division attacked on the right wing of the corps front toward the arielli line . their objective was to break the back of the 2nd new zealand division , which was in position to attack northwest and away from the salient in order to break up the orsogna defences from the south . after the british 5th infantry division had achieved its objective , the 5th new zealand infantry brigade attacked at 04 : 00 on 23 december . despite intensive artillery fire ( 272 guns on a 3 @ , @ 220 yards ( 4 @ , @ 200 m ) front ) , the inexperienced and understrength new zealand battalions struggled to make progress . by the evening , it had become clear to the new corps commander — bernard freyberg — that the strong defences of the 4th panzer division would not be broached . he is reported to have said , " it is not a question of an advance , it is a question of holding on to what we have gained " . the xiii corps front was now stabilized and settled into a state of active defence and patrolling . = = ortona = = throughout the night of sunday – 18 december , the 1st parachute brigade from the british 1st parachute division — with supporting units — , attacked strong points within the italian coastal town of ortona . paratroop engineers and demolition ##men destroyed much of ortona itself , turning the streets into a 4 @ - @ filled maze . major streets were cleared , with demolition ##s throughout the main street , and bomb traps throughout the town . german artillery had also buried buildings in the rubble , leaving only the turrets exposed . on 19 december 1943 , the 4 @ - @ filled loyal edmonton regiment moved toward ortona , with the seaforth highlanders covering their eastern flank . during the night , they encountered heavy machine gun fire during their attempt to capture ortona . by nightfall , both battalions held a position on the western edge of ortona , but had encountered heavy resistance during their attempts to capture it . the next day , d company of the loyal edmonton regiment launched attacks eastward towards the city centre , but accurate german artillery fire rapidly stalled theadvance . for the rest of the month , the battle of ortona developed into a close @ - @ scale version of the battle of rome , with vicious mouse @ - @ to @ - @ houses moving through the narrow streets and debris of ortona . during the course of the battle , canadian forces developed innovative " mouse @ - @ house " tactics , moving between houses to avoid german artillery fire in the open countryside . german attacks on 24 and 25 december caused heavy casualties to canadian forces in the town . in fear of being outflanked by german advances west of ortona , the 1st parachute regiment abandoned the town the next day , leaving ortona to allied forces . canadian losses in the battle for the town were 650 killed or wounded . = = = = = with ortona and val grande captured , it looked as if italy would require eighth army troops to regather itself and deliver one last concentrated blow at orsogna to prevent the breaching of the gustav line ' s remaining german strongpoints . however , on 26 december , as v corps probed across the coastal plain towards pescara , a blizzard enveloped the battlefield . heavy snow , sleet and high winds hampered movement and communication on the road while cloud cover and visibility fell to nil and grounded the airforce . alexander — realising the eighth army no longer had the strength and conditions to fight its way to pescara and the via valeria to rome — recommended to general alexander that the eighth army advance should be halted . alexander agreed but ordered him to continue constant patrolling in order to protect the units of the lxxvi panzer corps in the adriatic front and prevent kesselring using them to reinforce the xiv panzer corps , and general clark ' s u . s . fifth army where the allied offensive would continue . in spite of this , three attempts during the winter of 1943 / 44 by eighth army to break out into the liri valley from cassino failed . as spring approached in 1944 , alexander concentrated his forces in great numbers by stretching out the adriatic front and bringing the bulk of eighth army ' s striking forces to the cassino front . the combined attack of his two armies during the fourth and fifth battle of monte cassino in late april took kesselring by surprise and led to the successful capture of rome in early may .