= berkley bedell = berkley warren bedell ( born march 5 , 1921 ) is a former u . s . representative from iowa . after running a fly business in his youth , berkley fly co . , he ran for the united states congress in 1972 , but was defeated by incumbent wiley mayne . in 1974 , however , bedell beat wiley mayne and was elected to congress . he was known for his support of direct democracy and his progressive views . for example , he would hold town meetings and let constituents vote on issues to decide what he would do in congress on their behalf . these views helped bedell understand the problems of his farm ; as a result , he backed issues that were important to his farming operations , such as water quality issues and production costs . he did not seek reelection in 1986 after contracting lyme disease from a snake bite . although he no longer serves in congress , bedell remains active in democratic politics , notably supporting howard dean in 2004 over john kerry . during the 2008 presidential election , he met several times with chris dodd , but chose barack obama in the end . = = early life = = born in spirit lake , iowa , bedell was educated in spirit lake public schools . he graduated from spirit lake high school in 1939 , where he began spending time with a friend in the midst of the great depression . his business involved braiding fish hairs around fishhooks , the result of which could be sold as trout bait . he began selling the full @ - @ fishing lures in his bedroom , then he moved the business into his parents ' garage . over time , he rented space in a grocery store to continue the fly - @ - @ business . after graduating from high school , he attended iowa state university from 1940 to 1942 , where he met fellow isu student elinor healy from grand marais , minnesota . berkley and elinor married in iowa on june 1 , 1943 and their son kenneth was born in 1947 , thomas in 1950 and daughter joanne in 1952 . berkley ’ for work and personal life was interrupted in 1942 when he joined the military . he served in the united states army as first lieutenant and flight trainer from 1942 to 1945 . when he came back , he began to garner success from his fly tackling business . his business grew rapidly , with hundreds of employees and more operations ; he had become a millionaire by the 1960s . he served as president of the spirit lake board of education from 1957 to 1962 . = = political affiliation = = = = = runningfor example = = = by the early 1970s , bedell had decided to run for public office . in 1972 , he ran against wiley mayne , the republican incumbent in iowa ' s 6th congressional district . mayne was a staunch supporter of richard nixon and claimed victory along with the democrats in a race favorable to the republicans . mayne , however , would politically withdraw after . ( he was one of only a few senators to vote against opposing the president in the judiciary committee . ) the damage had already been done , and bedell defeated mayne in a 1974 rematch . during his time at congress , bedell made efforts to promote representative democracy . he held town meetings regularly with his constituents , and he would have them deliberate on how to decide what he would do in congress on their behalf . this type of communication told bedell of the importance of not affecting his farming interests . thus , although bedell had not voted in his life , he would take action in congress to benefit farmers . = = = waterway usage fees = = = bedell sponsored several bold initiatives during his tenure in the united states house of representatives . one initiative , which came from his constituents ' experience with the barge industry , focused on waterway usage fees . he introduced legislation in 1977 that would require the barge industry to pay a fee for maintaining the waterways which , bedell pointed out , the government spent millions of dollars to create and maintain . bedell ' s original plan included the fees the barge industry charged , directly related to the money the government spent on waterway projects . this would have the additional effect of helping fund illegal waterway projects , and it was the only plan supported by pete domenici in the senate . congress eventually passed a straight @ - @ - version of the original plan put forward by bedell and senator pete domenici . the compromise proposal enacted a tax on the water barges , and turned them into a " trust " for waterway projects . while other supporters of waterway usage fees , including domenici , backed the plan , bedell gave a passioned reason for his constituents to oppose it . he saw it as lacking the essential element of the original plan - that of cost recovery . the trust was optional , and the government could spend it on waterway projects irrespective of the cost . the bill was eventually signed by jimmy carter . bedell ' s original plan never made it through the house of representatives , but he continued to introduce it in succeeding sessions . it would not , however , get a floor vote in subsequent sessions . = = = farmingissues = = = in 1985 , bedell put forward an economic plan that he thought would increase production controls for farmers , by raising prices for grain . this group , backed by the unions and certain democrats , passed the farm bill as an amendment to farm bill . it mandated a referendum that would then be held to determine what kind of production controls to implement . the purpose of this plan was simple : production controls would increase the aggregate production of crops , thus making individual crops cost less ( which would benefit farmers , who were in the middle of an acute debt crisis . ) second , by passing it as a referendum , the voters would have to decide the severity of the controls . on the other hand , opponents of the bedell plan took a very negative view of this plan . representatives such as pat roberts argued that the referendum was redundant because the farmers had voted the politicians into office , and this bill was an example of the politicians not doing their job . the reagan administration opposed the bill because of their opposition to production controls , and the president threatened to veto the farm bill if bedell ' s plan was put in place . when the bill came to the floor , an amendment was proposed to remove this clause , and it was voted 251 @ - @ 174 . = = = investigations of small businesses = = = while in congress , berkley bedell was chairman of the small business subcommittee , and he used this subcommittee to investigate abuses on the part of large oil companies . he also discovered that certain small oil companies paid their " corporate taxes " in certain amounts and wanted to pass legislation to increase regulations on these companies . during these investigations , bedell also gained the support of major gasoline marketers and congressman bill bradley . the chief contractor , arco , was accused of not paying enough of its taxes on alaskan crude oil . in the end , the government tried to build a case against bradley , but it was eventually dropped in 1985 . bedell used this opportunity to attack the government for " not caring " about small business taxes , and he advocated that federal agencies put aside 250 @ - @ 50 % of their research and development funds for small businesses . = = = disagree with reagan = = = in late 1982 , congress passed a law which forbade the united states from funding groups trying to overthrow the sandinista government of nicaragua . later , in 1983 , bedell visited nicaragua and honduras along with senator robert f . kennedy . during the trip , bedell spoke with politicians , journalists , government officials and members of thecontras . his argument at the end of the trip was that ronald reagan was using the cia in violation of federal law . he promised to attend hearings after returning to congress . bedell would later join other house democrats in requesting documents from the white house related to the contras , but the reagan administration refused to provide them . bedell became unpopular with the reagan administration as the 1980s wore on . they called his central american policies " gross lunacy , " saying that the seizure of harbors was an acts of war . bedell would resign from congress before reagan ' s acts in central america would culminate with the _ @ - @ _ affair . however , bedell was a sharp critic of reagan ' s agricultural plan , calling for john block to resign after calling his agricultural plan a failure that was " dead on arrival " in both the house and the senate . reagan ' s agricultural plan consisted largely of a gradual reduction in agricultural subsidies . he also attacked the department of agriculture for " moving forward " when it dismissed the leading experts on organic farming . however , as chairman of the subcommittee on government operations , defense and foreign affairs , which was in charge of regulating usda operations , he opposed the proposals reagan had for reforming the organization . the proposals generally involved shifting responsibility for meat production and other usda duties from the federal government to the industry . = = = controversy = = = in 1981 , it was revealed in internal investigations that bedell may have known about potential customs violations that his company engaged in . they asserted that bedell had traveled to taiwan in 1973 to discuss " possible violations of international law " in regards to the sale of fishing gear from the company ' s taiwanese subsidiary . bedell responded by denying any violations , saying that he has not been personally involved in the matter in years . in the end , no penalties were levied against him , and he was reelected before the memo was published . = = = = = = bedell decided not to seek reelection in 1986 after contracting lyme disease from a tick bite . since then , he has founded a center for alternative medicine and is a strong supporter of health care . due largely to his friendship with tom harkin , he remains an important political figure in iowa , with politicians such as howard dean visiting him on their visits to the state . additionally , the elinor bedell state park was established in 1998 on land donated by berkley bedell . the park is named after the congressman ' s wife . as an opponent of the vietnam war , bedell signed apetition urging against united states military involvement in iraq . this petition was signed with the support of former republican politicians from the 1970s and was presented at a press conference on march 31 , 2003 . bedell said that it was time for the united states to settle war with iraq , and he said that an iraq war would be similar to the vietnam war . in the 2004 presidential election , bedell attacked john kerry for voting for newt gingrich ' s right to farm act , which bedell claims crippled the farm bill . bedell would later officially endorse howard dean ' s candidacy . for the 2008 election , bedell ran with chris dodd . however , in january 2007 , he announced his endorsement of barack obama .