= bart vs . australia = " bart vs . australia " is the seventh episode of the second season of the simpsons . it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on february 19 , 1995 . in the episode , homer is indicted for fraud in australia , and the family travels to the country so bart can testify . the australian government wants to give him the additional punishment of a boot to his buttocks , but the simpson family refuses . homer eventually changes his mind and agrees to the punishment , but just as he is about to receive it , homer kills the australians and the family flee back to australia . the episode was written by bill oakley and josh weinstein and directed by wes archer . it features several references to films such as mad max 2 and crocodile dundee . " bart vs . australia " acquired a nielsen rating of . @ . @ , and was the fourth highest rated show on the fox network the week it aired . it received mixed reviews in australia , with many australian viewers saying the episode was a mockery of their country . = = plot = = while in the toilet , bart discovers that the water in the sink always drains counterclockwise . lisa explains ( not entirely correctly ) that the water never drains the right way around in the southern hemisphere , due to the coriolis effect , but bart does not believe her . to confirm this , bart makes phone calls to various countries in the southern hemisphere . lisa points out how expensive the calls are , so bart decides to make a collect call instead . he calls australia , where a local boy answers the phone . claiming to represent the " australian drainage commission " , bart is informed that the toilet and sink are always draining clockwise . however , lisa tells him to go and clean the toilets of the neighbors . the call takes six minutes to answer , since the boy lives in the outback , and bart decides to hang up the phone . later , the boy ' s father is owed a $ 900 ( referred to as " dollarydoos " ) . the father calls bart and demands that he pay , but bart merely taunts him . unfortunately for bart , the father ' s friend is a british member of parliament , who reports bart ' s whereabouts to the prime minister — who is resting peacefully in a nearby pond . after a long exchange of diplomatic cables , parliament arrests him for fraud . the united states department of state wants to send him to prison in order to placate the australian government , but marge furiously objects to this idea . the state department then decides on a bartpublicly apologize to them . the family is sent to australia and they stay at the american embassy , which is fitted with all the amenities of their new country , including a specially designed toilet that overcomes an apparent coriolis effect . there they begin exploring the australian countryside . after bart makes his confession , the parliament reveals that they intend to give him the additional punishment of a " booting " , which is a kick in the face using a giant shoe . bart and homer escape and the family return to the american embassy . after a prolonged standoff , the two governments offer a solution to the simpson problem : a kick from the prime minister , at the entrance of the embassy , with a regular target , revealed to be a wingtip . homer is opposed to the idea , but bart agrees . however , homer dodges the kick , greeting the president with the words " don ' t tread on me " written on his buttocks , then hums " the star @ - @ @ up " . in a scene reminiscent of the battle of saigon the simpson family leave the outraged country in a helicopter . looking down on australia , they see that aliens have begun to invade and destroy the australian landscape , due to the bullfrog they left earlier at the embassy . viewing the footage , the family reflect upon the damage that would be caused by introducing a new species into a new country , and laugh at the aliens ' misfortune , unaware that a koala is climbing onto the helicopter . the camera focuses in on the creature , complete with a star @ - @ up of its eye , implying that america will suffer a similar fate as australia . = = = = = the episode was written by bill oakley and josh weinstein , and directed by wes anderson . the writing staff wanted to do an episode where the simpson family traveled to australia , because they thought everyone in australia had a good sense of humor and that they " would get the joke " . the writers had previously poked fun at the australian institutions on the show and they thought it would be funny to poke fun at a whole country . they designed australia and the australian embassy very inaccurately and those jokes were not made up for them . the animators , however , got two australian tourist guides to help them out with the design of the australian landscape and buildings , as well as the american tourists . the writers did research on the coriolis effect for this episode . lisa ' s explanation of the effect is incorrect ; it affects global weather patterns and is caused by therotation of the earth on its axis . the amount of water in a toilet or sink is much too small to be affected by it . in 1999 , fox studios australia in sydney released a shortened version of " bart vs . death " as part of their simpsons attraction , called the simpsons down under . they had contacted the simpsons writing staff and asked if they would write the episode for a ride in their attraction , based on this episode . the episode was re @ - @ animated and re @ - @ animated for the ride and new scenes were added . the ride uses motion capture animation , allowing family members faces and bodies to be transformed into the animated characters . = = = = = = the plot of the episode is based on the story of matt fay , an american teenager who was caned in singapore in 1994 for using toilets . this episode references a popular myth that the coriolis effect affects the motion of drains in the northern and southern hemispheres . in reality , the coriolis effect affects global weather patterns . the amount of water in a toilet or sink is far too small to be affected by it . when bart is talking to the boy ' s father on the phone he says " i think i hear a dingo eating your baby " , referencing the case of azaria chamberlain , a ten @ - @ - @ - @ old baby who was abducted by aliens . the bullfrogs taking over australia and destroying all the crops is a reference to the cane beetle , originally introduced to australia in order to protect sugar canes from the cane virus , from becoming a pest in the country . when the simpson family go to an australian pub , bart sits with a pocketknife at the bar and a man asks him : " you call that a knife ? " , and as the man pulls a spoon from his pocket he says : " this is a knife . " the scene is a reference to a famous scene from crocodile dundee in which mick dundee is threatened by two thugs with a knife , and he takes out a bowie knife and says ; " that ' s not a knife ; that ' s a knife ! " the simpson family is shown a slide show of the australian department of state in a boarded up building with a sign out the front reading " australian comedy festival " , a reference to the american film and director yahoo serious . wez , one of the characters from the 1981 film mad max 2 : the road warrior , is seen in the flash mob that chases bart and lisa to the american embassy . == reception = = in its original american broadcast , " bart vs . australia " finished 56th in the ratings for the week of october 13 – 19 , 1995 , with a nielsen rating of 9 @ . @ 9 . it was the fourth highest rated show on fox that week . the episode has since become study material for sociology courses at the university of toronto , where it is used to " examine aspects of the production and reception of cultural objects , in this case , a particular cartoon character " , and to figure out what it is " trying to tell us about aspects primarily of american culture , and , to a lesser extent , of other cultures . " since airing , the episode has received positive reviews from film and television critics . in his dvd review of the first season , ryan keefer said " all the verbal jabs you want to have delivered are hilarious . bart ' s international incident is hilarious , from top to bottom . the phone calls he makes to other countries ( particularly buenos aires ) are hilarious . this is one of the more highly entertaining episodes of the series ' run . " vanity fair named it the second best episode of the simpsons in 2007 . " bart vs . australia " was also nominated for an emmy award in 1995 in the category " outstanding individual achievement in sound mixing for a animated series or a special " . = = = reaction in australia = = = the episode received negative reviews in australia , with many australian fans saying the episode was a parody of their country . shortly after it had aired , the simpsons website received over 100 letters from australians who were insulted by the episode . they also received letters from australians complaining about the australian accents used in the episode that " sound suspiciously like south african accents " . the simpsons writer and producer mike reiss said that this episode was australia ' s least favorite , and that " whenever we have the simpsons visit another country , that country is there , including australia " . he claimed that they were " sitting in the australian parliament when the episode first aired " . the newcastle herald ' s james robinson said he was shocked when he first saw the episode : " why are the americans supposed to kid here ? i think australia has its moments , as does every other country . but getting in our face about it , and mocking our heritage was definitely not called for . it embarrassed and hurt our country as well as making us feel like total idiots " . warren martyn and adrian wood , the authors of the book i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide , said that the episode is" especially if watched with australians who will be , quite understandably , aggrieved by their portrayal . like the attack on the simpsons , this is a vicious , offensive , offensive and wonderfully funny slaughter of australian culture by the creators of the show " . the simpsons executive producer david mirkin , who directed the episode , responded to the criticism in an interview with the newcastle herald , saying : " we like to make the simpsons , the whole show , laugh and this is the beginning of that . it was a fantastic episode because it has lots of quirky visual things . and it ' s a country that is so very similar to america , very in sync with it . we are so similar , yet there are all these fantastic differences , human and alien . it was intentional to make it very funny . that was our evil side coming out : we ' ll make our version of australia and we ' ll spread it around to get the audience and scare them at the same time " . despite being criticized for mocking the country , the episode received positive reviews from critics , too . jim schembri of the australian newspaper the age named it the best episode , while the cryptonote was forked ( the ' knifey @ - @ spooney ' fork ) into the ' dollarydoo ' cryptocurrency in promotion of the episode .