= hugh foliot = hugh foliot ( c . 1155 – 1234 ) was a medieval bishop of hereford . related directly to his predecessor at hereford , he served as a priest and papal judge as well as being an unsuccessful candidate for bishop of st david ' s in wales . in 1219 , he was elected bishop of hereford . during his time in office , he mostly attended to ecclesiastical matters , but did occasionally act as a lay administrator . he helped found a hospital and a priory , and died in 1234 after a very @ - @ @ delegate . = = = death = = foliot hugh was the son of roger foliot and his wife rohese . roger held several knight ' s fees in northamptonshire . probably born sometime between 1150 and 1160 , hugh was related in some way to roger foliot , his predecessor at hereford . he was a canon of hereford cathedral before becoming archdeacon of shropshire in may 1186 . foliot is a frequent witness to john as bishop , but little else is known of his tenure of the office . from 1212 to 1219 , he served as a papal and @ - @ delegate several times . in 1215 he was also king john ' s candidate for the see of st david ' s in wales , but was not elected . after foliot ' s failed bid for bishop , in february 1216 john appointed him to the benefice of colwall in herefordshire , the bishop having the authority to make the appointment because giles de braose , the bishop of hereford , who would normally have made the appointment , had just died . also from this period is foliot ' s biography of robert grosseteste , the theologian and future bishop of hereford . = = bishop = = foliot had been one of three members of the cathedral chapter from hereford sent to king henry ii ' s court to obtain permission for the king to hold an election in 1219 foliot was elected to the see of hereford in june 1219 and consecrated on 1 july 1219 along with william de goldcliff , the bishop of llandaff , to rome . the new bishop accompanied peter des roches , the bishop of winchester , on a pilgrimage in 1221 . because des roches travelled to rome to the shrine of st martin of compostela , and it is possible that foliot accompanied him , the statement by a contemporary chronicler from dunstable that foliot ' s destination is not certain , being either rome or compostela , shouldbe discounted . foliot spent most of his term of office in his diocese , only occasionally attending the royal court or being assigned royal duties . on 30 june 1223 , foliot performed one of those duties , when he took possession of hereford castle after it was surrendered by hubert de burgh , during the redistribution of royal power when de burgh ousted de roches from power . he also was able to increase the size of the royal forest in gloucestershire . foliot also founded a church at ledbury , dedicated to st katherine . he helped found alberbury priory , a priory of the grandmontine order . in his diocese , he reorganised the benefices and offices of the chapter , as well as endowing further benefices . foliot died 7 august 1234 , after an illness that began in the spring . he was buried in hereford cathedral , where his tomb survives . foliot appointed his younger brother thomas to positions in the diocese , first as archdeacon in the 1220s and then in 1230 as treasurer of the cathedral chapter .