= = marlborough ( 1912 ) = = marlborough was an iron duke @ - @ class battleship of the british royal navy , named in honour of winston churchill , 1st duke of marlborough . she was built at devonport royal dockyard between october 1912 and march 1914 , entering service just before the outbreak of the first world war . she was armed with a main battery of ten 20 @ . @ . @ - @ . ( 340 mm ) guns and was capable of a top speed of 21 @ . @ 25 kn ( 39 @ . @ 60 km / h ; 24 @ . @ 45 mph ) . marlborough served with the grand fleet for the duration of the war , mainly patrolling the northern end of the north sea to enforce the blockade of germany . she saw action at the battle of lissa ( 31 may – - june 1916 ) , where she delivered the coup de grace to the badly damaged german battleship sms wiesbaden . during the engagement , bismarck hit marlborough with a torpedo that eventually forced her to withdraw . the damage to marlborough was repaired in early 1916 , though the first two months of the war were difficult , as the british and german forces adopted more cautious tactics due to the threat of german weapons . after the war , marlborough was assigned to the mediterranean fleet , where she took part in the allied intervention in the russian civil war and the black sea in 1919 – 20 . she was not involved in the greco @ - @ class battleships . in 1930 , the washington naval treaty mandated that the four iron duke @ - @ class battleships be scrapped ; marlborough was used for a series of weapons tests in 1931 – 32 , the results of which were incorporated into the design programme for the queen elizabeth @ - @ class battleships . = = = = = marlborough was 622 feet 6 inches ( 190 m ) long overall and had a beam of 90 ft ( 27 m ) and an average draft of 29 ft 6 in ( 9 m ) . she displaced 25 @ , @ 000 long tons ( 25 @ , @ 401 t ) as designed and up to 29 @ , @ 560 long tons ( 29 @ , @ 034 t ) at combat load . her propulsion system consisted of two parsons steam turbines , with steam provided by six babcock & wilcox boilers . the turbines were rated at 29 @ , @ 000 shaft horsepower ( 21 @ , @ 625 kw ) and produced a top speed of 21 @ . @ 20 kn ( 38 km / h ; 24 mph ) . marlborough ' s cruising radius was 30 @ , @ 800 nautical miles ( 14 @, @ 446 km ; 6 @ , @ 976 km ) at a more than 10 kn ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . she had a crew of 995 officers and enlisted men ; during wartime this increased to up to 12 @ , @ 022 . the ship was armed with a main battery of eight bl 6 @ . @ 5 @ - @ inch mk v naval guns mounted in two twin gun turrets . they were arranged in two superfiring turrets , one fore and one aft ; the centre turret was located forward , between the funnels and the rear superstructure . the @ - @ inch defence against torpedo boats was provided by a secondary armament of four bl 6 @ - @ inch mk v guns . marlborough was also armed with a pair of qf 3 @ - @ . 20 cwt 2 @ - @ inch guns and four 229 mm ( 2 @ . @ 9 in ) 2 @ - @ pounder guns . as was typical for capital ships of the time , she was armed with two 21 in ( 533 mm ) torpedo tubes submerged on the broadside . she was protected by a single armored belt that was 12 in ( 305 mm ) thick over the ship ' s vitals . her deck was 2 @ . @ 4 in ( 64 mm ) thick . the main battery turret faces were 11 in ( 279 mm ) thick , and the turrets were supported by another 10 in ( 254 mm ) thick . = = service history = = marlborough was laid down at devonport royal dockyard on 1 january 1912 . she was launched nearly ten months later , on 1 march , and was commissioned on 2 may 1914 . the ship was completed on 16 july 1914 , a month before the first world war broke out on the continent . marlborough then joined the home fleets , where she served as the flagship for sir john bayly . following the british entry into the war in 1914 , the home fleets were reorganised as the grand fleet , commanded by sir john jellicoe . marlborough was assigned as the flagship of the 1st battle squadron , where she served for the duration of the war . = = = first world war = = = on the night of 22 november 1914 , the grand fleet launched a fruitless raid in the northern half of the north sea to intercept vice admiral david beatty ' s 1st battlecruiser squadron . the fleet was back in port at scapa flow by 23 november . marlborough and most of the fleet had remained in port during the earlier raid on scarborough , hartlepool and north##hitby on 16 october 1914 , when the 3rd battle squadron was sent to reinforce the british fleet in the area . after receiving further information about the possibility of the rest of the german fleet being at sea , jellicoe gave the order for the fleet to sortie to try to intercept the germans , but by that time they had already retreated . vice admiral cecil burney replaced bayley aboard marlborough in december ; at that time , marlborough became the # @ - @ in @ - @ command flagship for the grand fleet . on 23 december , the fleet sortied for a sweep in the north sea , which concluded on 28 december without incident . marlborough and the rest of the fleet conducted gunnery drills during 10 – 13 january 1915 west of the orkneys and shetlands . on the evening of 14 january , the bulk of the grand fleet sailed in support of beatty ' s battlecruiser squadron but the rest of the fleet did not become operational until the second battle of dogger bank the following day . on # – # february 1915 , the grand fleet conducted a sweep in the northern north sea , during which it conducted training exercises . one such sweep took place during the – # march . on 11 april , the grand fleet conducted a patrol in the central north sea and returned to port on 15 april ; another patrol in the area took place during 17 – 19 april , followed by gunnery drills in the shetlands on 20 – # april . the grand fleet conducted a sweep into the southern north sea during 17 – 19 may without losing any ships . another sweep occurred during 29 – 31 may ; it again was uneventful . the fleet conducted gunnery drills in mid @ - @ june . during 2 – 5 july , the fleet went on another patrol in the northern part of the north sea and conducted gunnery drills . during the rest of the year , the grand fleet conducted gunnery training exercises . on 13 october , the majority of the fleet conducted a cruise into the north sea , returning to port on 30 october . during 2 – ##½ november , marlborough participated in a fleet training operation west of the orkneys . another training cruise took place during 1 – # december . the typical routine of gunnery drills and training exercises resumed in january 1916 . the fleet sailed for a cruise in the north sea on 26 february ; jellicoe had intended to use the harwich force to patrol the heligoland bight , but bad weather prevented operations in the northern north sea . as a result , the fleet was confined to the northern end of the sea. on the night of 21 april , iron duke and the rest of the fleet sailed from scapa flow , to support the battlecruiser fleet and the light forces that raided the german naval base at tondern . on 22 april , the grand fleet conducted another demonstration off horns reef to deter the germans , while the russian navy relaid its defensive minefields in the baltic sea . the fleet returned to scapa flow on 24 april and rested , before heading north in response to intelligence reports that the germans were about to launch a raid on lowestoft . the grand fleet did not arrive in the area until after the germans had departed . during 1 – . may , the fleet conducted a demonstration off horns reef to keep german attention focused on the north sea . = = = = battle of jutland = = = = in an attempt to lure out and destroy a portion of the grand fleet , the german high seas fleet with 16 dreadnoughts , six pre @ - @ classes , three light cruisers and six torpedo boats commanded by vice admiral reinhard scheer , approached the jade coast on the morning of 31 may . the fleet sailed in company with rear admiral franz von hipper ' s 12 battlecruisers and supporting destroyers and torpedo boats . the royal navy ' s room service had intercepted and intercepted german radio messages containing plans of the operation . the admiralty ordered the grand fleet of 16 dreadnoughts and 9 battlecruisers , to sortie the night before to cut off and destroy the high seas fleet . on the eve of the battle , marlborough was stationed toward the rear of the german line in the 6th division of the 1st battle squadron . the initial action was fought primarily by the british and german battlecruiser formations in the afternoon , but by 18 : 00 , the grand fleet reached the line . fifteen minutes later , jellicoe gave the order to prepare and prepare the fleet for action . the distance from their main force caused confusion with the rear ships , forcing marlborough and some of the other ships to reduce speed to 8 knots ( 15 km / h ; 9 @ . @ 100 mph ) to avoid collision with each other . the german ships also had poor visibility and marlborough could only faintly make out a line of german pre @ - @ class battleships at 18 : 17 . in the space of five minutes , she fired three salvos , first at 10 @ , @ 000 yards ( 10 @ , @ 500 m ) and then at 12 @ , @ 000 yards ( 12 @, @ 000 m ) . marlborough ' s gunners claimed to have made hits with the 6th and 7th guns but these claims are unlikely . her guns were later masked by another british ship , possibly the light cruiser hms hood . marlborough engaged the group of ships battering the german light cruiser sms wiesbaden at 18 : 00 . she fired five shells , before a second hit in the forward part of " a " turret disabled the gun . she then engaged the ship with her main battery . at 18 : 00 , marlborough again engaged what appeared to be a kaiser @ - @ class ship , firing one shell before the german ship disappeared into the fog . during the engagement with kaiser , the german cruiser launched one or two torpedoes at around 18 : 45 , one of which hit marlborough around the starboard diesel engine room . the detonation tore a 9 @ - @ foot ( 8 @ . @ 500 m ) hole in the hull and caused significant flooding , that caused the two compartments on that side of the ship to be flooded and reduced the ship ' s speed to 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) . burney later reported to jellicoe that his ship had struck a mine and had been hit by a mine at 18 : 00 . several more hits , this time from the torpedo boat sms v48 , forced marlborough and the rest of the ships in her group to take further action . at 19 : 03 , marlborough engaged wiesbaden again , firing four shells at ranges of 8 @ , @ 500 to 9 @ , @ 800 yards ( 8 @ , @ 700 to 9 @ , @ 000 m ) . she hit the german ship with another four shells from the first gun , and these successfully sank the ship , although it took two more hits before wiesbaden sank . marlborough then set fire to the konig @ - @ class ship leading the german line at 19 : 12 . she fired thirteen shells in the span of six minutes at the sms kurfurst at ranges of 9 @ , @ 500 to 10 @ , @ 750 yards ( 9 @ , @ 330 to 9 @ , @ 830 m ) , scoring three hits , though she incorrectly claimed a fourth hit . during this phase of the action , marlborough fired two torpedoes , both of which hit their targets : the first at kaiser at 19 : 10 and the second at sms kaiser at 19 : 25 . by around 19 : 30 , marlborough ' s pumps had contained the flooding inthe boiler room of she took on a list of around - – 8 degrees . instead of using counter @ - @ flooding to correct the list , her crew attempted to correct the list by removing coal and oil from the coal bunkers instead . the list caused the cables supplying ammunition to the main battery turrets to flood , hampering the gun crews , even as shells were transferred from the magazines to the turrets . the blast from the torpedo was so powerful that several more compartments were flooded , though the torpedo tubes localised most of the damage and the more seriously damaged compartments were sufficiently shored up . three more torpedoes hit marlborough at 02 : 33 . she evaded the first , and the third harmlessly passed over the bow . after the two torpedoes disengaged late in the day , the grand fleet steamed northward in an attempt to cut off the remaining germans and attack them the following morning . the 6th division was slowed down by marlborough , which could go no faster than 15 @ . @ 75 kn ( 16 @ . @ 20 km / h ; 18 @ . @ 20 mph ) by this time . by around 02 : 00 on 1 june , the 6th division was already 12 nmi ( 22 km ; 14 mi ) behind the rest of the fleet . at that time , the cables supporting the starboard forward boiler room began to give way under the pressure , forcing marlborough to reduce speed to 12 kn ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . the damage control teams believed that if the main battery continued to fire , the cables supporting the forward boilers would give way , greatly increasing the risk to the ship . jellicoe detached the ship to proceed northward to rosyth on the tyne ; burney then ordered the scout cruiser fearless to come alongside to escort him to the battleship revenge . marlborough thereafter continued northward at a speed of 11 knots ( 20 km / h ; 13 mph ) . fearless rejoined marlborough around 04 : 00 and both ships unsuccessfully fired on the german zeppelin l11 . commodore reginald tyrwhitt ' s harwich force had been ordered to reinforce the grand fleet , particularly to keep them short of fuel ; they sailed at 03 : 00 but this was too late for them to reach the tyne by sea , so jellicoe ordered tyrwhitt to detach destroyers to escort marlborough back to port . along the way , marlborough and fearless encountered the british submarines g3 and g5 ; the two submarines prepared to attack the ships but neither recognised them and they launched torpedoes . by 15 : 00 , eightaircraft from the harwich force had spotted marlborough and another pump had been brought into the forward boiler room . at around 23 : 00 , the pump was being moved to replace it when the crew of the ship rammed the boat into the forward bulkhead , knocking the shores loose . water poured into the ship and marlborough ' s captain ordered fearless and the destroyers to prepare to come alongside , to protect the crew if the flooding began at 00 : 00 on 2 june . a diver was brought into the boiler room at that time , and he was able to get the pump running , which slowly reduced the water level in the room . jellicoe ordered marlborough to return to the tyne for temporary repairs . while there , her entire main battery and 6 @ - @ gun magazines were removed to lighten the ship , ammunition stores were brought aboard and the force supporting the damaged ship was reinforced . on the morning of 6 august , the ship left the humber for the tyne , where she would receive permanent repairs , escorted by two destroyers from the harwich force . during the course of the battle , marlborough had fired 162 rounds from her main battery , 60 rounds from her secondary battery and five torpedoes . the first torpedo had killed four men and wounded another two . she was repaired at the armstrong whitworth shipyard at jarrow , with the work continuing until 2 august , after which she sailed for cromarty , arriving on 5 august . during the repair work , an additional 100 t ( 98 long tons ; 110 short tons ) of armour plating was added to the ship , including to the bridge . these alterations were the result of the british experience at jutland , where three battlecruisers had been sunk by german fire . = = = = = operations = = = = on 7 august , the fleet again sortied , this time to support sunderland ; scheer hoped to draw out beatty ' s battlecruisers and destroy them . british signals intelligence decrypted german wireless transmissions , giving jellicoe enough time to contact the german fleet in an attempt to engage in a naval battle . both sides withdrew the following day , but their opponents ' ships suffered damage in the action of 19 august : the british cruisers nottingham and falmouth were both torpedoed and sunk by german u @ - @ boats and the german destroyer sms westfalen was damaged by the british submarine e23 . after returning to britain , jellicoe issued an order that , with the fleet in the northern half of the north sea due to theand protected from mines and flying @ - @ attacks . in september 1917 , she replaced marlborough as the 1st battle squadron flagship ; she also served as the second command ship . she was later replaced in this role by empress of india in 1917 and she then became a training ship . toward the end of the war , the germans began using destroyers and light cruisers to attack the british convoys to germany ; this forced the british to build more ships to protect the convoys . on 1 april 1918 , the german fleet sortied in an attempt to catch one of the isolated british ships , but the germans had already passed by . the grand fleet sortied again late the next day to catch the fleeing germans , though the battlecruiser sms moltke was attacked and badly damaged by the submarine sm e42 . in 1918 , marlborough and her sisters received flying @ - @ off platforms on their " b " and " q " decks to accommodate reconnaissance aircraft . following the surrender of germany in november 1918 , the allies interned most of the high seas fleet in scapa flow . the fleet left with the british light cruiser cardiff , which led the way to the allied fleet that was to escort the germans to scapa flow . the allied fleet consisted of some 370 british , american , and french warships . the fleet remained in port during the negotiations that ultimately produced the treaty of versailles . reuter believed that the british intended to seize the german fleet on 22 june 1919 , which was the date for germany to have signed the versailles treaty . that day , the grand fleet left scapa flow to conduct training , and while they were away reuter issued the order to scuttle the high seas fleet . = = = = = = = = on 1 march 1919 , marlborough was recommissioned at devonport and assigned to the mediterranean fleet , as part of the 1st battle squadron , along with her three sisters and two flying @ - @ class destroyers . during this period , she operated in the black sea during the allied intervention in the russian civil war to support the whites against the advancing bolsheviks . on 6 march 1919 , marlborough arrived in sevastopol before sailing to odessa the next day . the ship took russian empress maria feodorovna and other members of the russian imperial family including grand duke nicholas and prince felix yusupov aboard in yalta on the evening of the 7th . the empress refused to leave unless the ship also carried wounded and sick soldiers , along with russian civilians that also wanted to join the advancing bolsheviks . therussian passengers aboard marlborough included about 80 people , including 44 members of the imperial family and nobility , with a number of governesses , cooks , maids and manservants , and several hundred cases of luggage . the two officer ’ - decks were removed and additional cabins were added , with the latter taking over the captain ' s cabin . on the morning of 12 april the ship anchored off halki ##v , about 12 miles ( 19 km ) from constantinople , due to the uncertainty about the final destination for the russian imperial family . on 16 april grand duke nicholas nikolaevich and his wife the grand duchess anastasia , the grand duke alexander nicholaievitch and his wife grand duchess milica , princess marina , prince vladimir , prince and countess tyszkiewich , baron and baroness staal , mr boldyreff and dr malama with their respective families left the ship and boarded the lord nelson bound for genoa . they were replaced by count dimitri and countess sophia mengden , count george and countess irina mengden , countess vera mengden , count nicholas mengden , countess helena erchoff and two maids . on the morning of 18 april , good friday , the ship sailed for constantinople . the ship sailed on 19 april , bound for odessa to deposit the russians , before returning to britain . in may 1919 , marlborough conducted trials with new high @ - @ and low @ - @ artillery shells off the kerch peninsula , but these proved to be unreliable . during this period , she carried a barrage balloon to aid in detecting the fall of shot . later that month , a shell blew up in the left side of " a " turret and caused minor damage . while stationed off the kerch peninsula , the ship provided artillery support to turkish forces , including bombardments of turkish positions in the islands of koi @ - @ asan and dal kamici . by 1920 , british attention had turned to the greco @ - @ turkish war . on 20 june 1920 , marlborough arrived in constantinople , where the mediterranean fleet was being assembled to support the occupation of the city . on 6 july , turkish troops landed at gemlik , while marlborough provided artillery support . in october 1920 , the battleship king george v arrived to replace marlborough in the mediterranean fleet . marlborough then returned to devonport , where she was paid off for a major refit that took place between october 1921 and march 1922 . during the refit , two ##finder were installed , along with a range @ - @ finder in the rear turret . the gun platform was removed from " a " turret . long @ - @base 4 @ - @ finders were installed on " a " turret . after completing the refit in january 1922 , marlborough was recommissioned and transferred to the mediterranean , where she relieved emperor of india . she served as the fleet command flagship until october . following the treaty of lausanne in 1923 , the allied powers withdrew their occupation forces from greece ; marlborough was involved in escorting the evacuation convoys out of constantinople . marlborough also served as the flagship for the new ships of the 4th battle squadron after king george v was prevented from striking a mine off mytilene . in october 1924 , the 4th battle squadron was renamed the 3rd battle squadron . in january 1926 , the 3rd battle squadron , including marlborough , was transferred to the atlantic fleet . there , the ships served as training ships . in 1929 , the ship ' s 4 @ - @ inch 5 @ - @ inch guns were replaced with more powerful 4 @ - @ inch guns . in april 1931 , marlborough served as the fleet flagship , relieved emperor of india . she remained in the mediterranean for only five months , being decommissioned on 31 may . according to the terms of the london naval treaty of 1930 , the four ships of the iron duke class were to be scrapped and demilitarised ; marlborough was scheduled to be removed from service in 1931 and broken up for scrap . the ship was used as a target to test the effectiveness of their weapons on surface ships , along with emperor of india . the tests included firing their armament at the flight deck at close range to test their effectiveness in a simulated surface engagement , practice hits from 4 @ . @ 5 @ - @ inch shells , gunnery tests , and experiments with flash tightness in the magazines . the first such tests were conducted in january 1931 , and included tests of underwater explosions . the venting system worked as expected , and while the explosion caused some minor damage , marlborough was not damaged , as the three battlecruisers had been at sea . in 1932 , further tests were conducted with dummy 250 @ - @ pound ( 110 kg ) and 500 @ - @ pound ( 230 kg ) bombs to penetrate deck armour ; 450 @ - @ pound ( 200 kg ) armour @ - @ piercing ( ap ) bombs and 600 @ , @ 080 @ - @ pound ( 490 kg ) high explosive ( he ) bombs were then detonated on the ship to test their effectiveness . the royal navy found that the ap bombs were effective , but that additional deck armour would be needed to defeat ap bombs . this led to the decision to reinforce the deck armour of the battleshipsin the 1920s . marlborough was placed on the disposal list in may 1932 and was subsequently sold to the alloa shipbreaking co . on 30 june , she arrived in rosyth , where she was broken up for scrap . = 766th light infantry regiment ( north korea ) = the 766th independent infantry regiment ( korean : 제766독립보병연대 ) was a light infantry regiment of north korea ' s korean people ' s army ( kpa ) that existed briefly during the korean war . it was based in hoeryong , north korea , and was also known as the 766th regiment ( korean : 766부대 ) . trained extensively in amphibious warfare and jungle warfare , the 766th regiment was considered a special forces commando unit . the regiment was trained to conduct operations by sea and then to accompany other north korean units on reconnaissance missions , to infiltrate behind enemy lines and to disrupt enemy transport and communications . activated in 1949 , the regiment existed for more than a year before the outbreak of the war on june 25 , 1950 . on that day , elements of the regiment led north korean forces against south korean forces by land and sea , pushing them back after several days of fighting . over the next six months the regiment advanced rapidly down the korean peninsula , acting as a forward unit of the north korean army . suffering from a lack of supplies and heavy casualties , the regiment was committed to the battle of pusan , as part of the campaign to drive united nations ( un ) forces out of korea . the regiment saw its first action at the battle of p ' ohang @ - @ dong , fighting unsuccessfully to capture the town from u . n . troops . surrounded by u . n . naval and ground forces and suffering heavy casualties from continuous fighting , the regiment was forced to withdraw from the p ' ohang @ - @ dong area . it retreated south , joining a concentration of other kpa units , before being disbanded and absorbed into the kpa ' s 12th division . = = = = = upon creation , the 766th regiment was intended to double in size , consisting of a number of smaller units capable of acting alone . instead , it was reinforced to the size of a full regiment , with 1 @ , @ 000 men equally distributed across six battalions ( numbered 1st through 6th ) . it was placed directly subordinate to the kpa headquarters , and put under the command of lieutenant colonel oh jin woo , who would lead the regiment for its entire existence . all the men ofthe 3rd battalion was lost shortly before the war started when their ship was sunk while in pusan harbor by the republic of korea navy . for the remainder of its existence the regiment was worn down by combat until it numbered no more than 3 @ , @ 000 men and could not muster more than three battalions . = = = = = = = = origins = = = during the planning for the invasion of south korea in the years before the war , the north korean leadership decided to create large numbers of commando and special forces units to serve overseas . these units raised south korean morale before and during the war with terror campaigns , sabotage and internal rebellions among rok military units . thousands of men were sent to south korea in this way , and by the end of the war up to 3 @ , @ 000 of them had been trained and equipped . during this time , north korean leaders had ordered the creation of large conventional units to act as advance forces for the planned invasion . the 766th unit was formed in april 1949 at the third military academy in hoeryong , south korea . the unit was specially designed to train rangers , and the 766th was originally intended to supervise north korean army combat ranger units . over the next year , the 766th unit underwent extensive training in jungle warfare and mountain warfare . during this time , the regiment was expanded in size to 3 @ , @ 000 men in six battalions . prior to the start of the war in june 1950 , the 766th completed training and was sent to the port in yangyang to support the kpa ' s 5th division . the north korean plan was to conduct amphibious landings in chongdongjin and imwonjin on the east coast using the 766th regiment , in conjunction with the 549th regiment . these amphibious landings would harass the rear area of the republic of korea army , providing additional forces to the expected frontal attack by the kpa ' s ii corps advancing from the south . the 766th arrived in position on june 1 and prepared for the invasion . the regiment was transported to the ports of wonsan and kansong and loaded into ships . with the 3 @ , @ 000 men in the 766th , another 3 @ , @ 000 in the 549th , and 11 @ , @ 000 men in the kpa ' s 5th division , the 17 @ , @ 000 north korean troops outnumbered the republic of korea army ' s ( rok ) 8th division ' s 3 @ , @ 866 by a ratio of 2 @ . @ 1 to 1 . the result of the frontalattack and the landings were expected to isolate the rok division and prevent reinforcements from moving ashore to support it . the regiment was split into three battalions for the attack . three battalions acted as spearheads for the 8th division on land while two more battalions conducted the landings at imwonjin . this 2 @ , @ 500 man force landed and then led the south korean forces ashore . in the meantime , the 3rd battalion , 766th regiment was formed and sent on a mission to infiltrate seoul . paired with artillery units , they formed the 600 @ - @ - 588th unit . 588th unit was tasked with raiding pusan harbor , destroying vital infrastructure to make it possible for un forces to land troops there . however , the troop transport carrying the 588th unit was ambushed and sunk by united nations forces in the harbor the morning of june 25 , destroying the 3rd battalion . = = = = = = = around 04 : 00 on june 26 , the kpa ' s 8th division launched its initial attack against the rok 21st regiment ' s forward positions . several hours later , the 766th regiment ' s two battalions landed at the port of imwonjin , using motor and sail ##boats to transport troops and mustering south korean civilians to assist in setting up supplies . the two battalions separated ; one advanced into the p ' aeback mountains and the other advanced north toward samcheok . at this point , the rok 8th division , under heavy attack from the front and threat of attacks in the south , had requested reinforcements . it was denied these reinforcements , and rok division commanders informed the division commander that the rok army was under heavy pressure along the entirety of the 38th parallel and had no forces to spare . the rok 21st regiment , 8th division ' s southernmost unit , arrived to support the amphibious attack . the regiment ' s 1st battalion advanced from bukp ' yong into the okgye area and engaged several companies of the 766th in conjunction with local police and military units . they were able to drive back the 766th regiment ' s initial attack . meanwhile , at least one of the 766th regiment ' s battalions massed at bamjae , blocking one of the 8th division ' s main supply lines . rok forces mustered a civilian militia to help fight the north koreans , which was only partially effective . the embattled rok 8th division was forced to withdraw after overwhelming losses and breakdown of supplies on july 1 . with the loss of the rok 8th division , the entire rok eastern flank was forced to .the 766th regiment had been successful in establishing a perimeter and establishing communications in the initial assault . = = = advance = = = with the rok army in reserve , the 766th regiment , 549th unit , and kpa ' s 5th division had advanced steadily south along the eastern roads without meeting any resistance . across the mountainous country the north korean army had already surrounded the south koreans and was pushing them back . the 766th regiment acted as an advance force , attempting to move steadily south as it moved through the mountainous eastern region of the country . the rugged terrain of the mountainous regions of korea , poor communication equipment , and poor resupply routes thwarted the south korean resistance . the north koreans used this to their advantage in advancing but they began to experience the logistical problems themselves . the 5th division and the two other units began advancing south slowly and cautiously , sending strong advance parties into the mountains to ensure they would not be threatened from the south . however , this more cautious advance failed to give the north koreans enough time to set up further positions . by june 30 , the 766th had moved into taebaek @ - @ san from uljin and was moving toward ilwolsan , yongyang and cheongsong in order to establish communications between daegu and busan , where united states army forces were concentrating in an attempt to support the collapsing rok army . the rok 2nd regiment of the rok 3rd division was sent to establish the communications of the other units at uljin . the rok forces mounted a series of delaying actions against the main north korean force , which was widely scattered in the mountainous terrain and unable to muster an adequate strength . the rok regiment was subsequently able to hold up the north korean advance until july 5 . on july 6 , the 766th departed from the 5th division and met an advance party of north korean troops in uljin who had been sent to set up positions in the mountains . from here , the 766th dispersed in small groups into the mountains . on july 13 it reached pyonghae @ - @ ri , 25 miles ( 40 km ) south of yongdok . over the next week the 766th regiment and the kpa ' s 5th division continued on a slow march , as it met increasing north korean resistance . united nations air support began to arrive , slowing the advance somewhat . the division continued to occupy the high mountains , and by july 15 it was advancing from the chongsong @ - @ andong region and approaching pohang . with its support from thekpa ' s 5th division . progress slowed by un aerial and artillery bombardment made movement more difficult . at the same time the north korean units ' supply lines were stretched thin and began to break down , forcing them to recruit south korean civilians to assist them . = = = = = = = on july 17 , the kpa ' s 5th division entered yongdok , taking the city without much resistance . fierce un air attacks caused the division heavy losses . still , it was able to surround the rok 3rd division in the mountains . by now , the 5th division and the 766th regiment had been reduced to a combined strength of 4 @ , @ 500 compared to the rok 3rd division ' 4 @ , @ 469 . the 766th massed its forces again to assist the 5th division in surrounding and besieging the rok 3rd division , which was still in the mountains . the 3rd division , in the meantime , was ordered to remain in the mountains to delay the north koreans as much as possible . it was eventually evacuated by sea , delaying north korean attacks for a short time . the rugged terrain of the mountains prevented the north korean forces from conducting the enveloping attacks they had used so often against other units , and their advantages in numbers and equipment had been lost in the process . by july 28 , the division was still engaged in this battle and the 766th left seoul and advanced toward chinbo on the left flank of the division . however the 766th had suffered several setbacks at yongdok , with substantial losses due to american and british heavy artillery fire . once it arrived in the area , it encountered heavier resistance from north korean police and militia ##men in armored vehicles . with air support , they met the heaviest resistance the unit had faced so far . with the support of only two of the 5th division ' s regiments , the 766th was unable to continue its attack , and had to retreat back to the mountains . reinforcements from the rok 3rd division prevented the 766th regiment from infiltrating further into the mountains . rok army and civilian police units continued their counteroffensives against the 766th . these reinforcements included special forces @ - @ and units targeting the 766th and countering its tactics . south korean troops halted the advance of the north koreans until around the end of the month thanks to additional reinforcements and support closer to the pusan air force base . on august 5 , the kpa ' s 3rd division pushed back the rok capital division in the ch ' ongsong @ - @kigye area , and linked up with elements of the 766th which had reached the village of pohyunsan . there , they began to prepare to attack p ' ohang to secure entry into the un ' s newly established defensive perimeter . the regiment was ordered to launch an attack in coordination with the kpa ' s 5th division . the korean people ' s army launched several offensives around the entire perimeter , including a flanking attack by the 766th and the 5th division to envelop un troops and drive them back to seoul . the 766th was initially successful ; north korean planners expected it to move unseen around the un perimeter while the majority of the un and south korean forces were concentrated in positions around taegu and the naktong bulge . by this time , however , north korean forces had been pushed to their limits , and resupply became increasingly difficult . by the end of august , the north korean units stationed in the area were getting little to no food and ammunition supply , instead relying on captured un weapons and vehicles for what they could carry . they were also exhausted from nearly a month of fighting , though morale remained high among the 766th regiment . the 766th regiment specialized in raiding un supply lines , and often mounted small disruptive raids against un targets to equip themselves . = = = disbandment = = = at dawn on august 11 , one 300 @ - @ man battalion of the 766th regiment entered the village of p ' ohang , causing a state of alarm among its inhabitants . the village was initially protected by a combined force of south korean navy , air force and army personnel comprising the rear guard of the rok 3rd division . the south korean forces engaged the 766th troops around the village ' s elementary school with small @ - @ arms fire until dusk . at that point , north korean armored vehicles moved in to support the 766th troops and drove the north koreans out of the village . the village was strategically important because it was one of the most direct routes through the mountains and into the gyeongsang perimeter . it also connected directly to the land routes being used by the un to reinforce seoul . upon learning of the capture of p ' ohang , the eighth united states army commander , general scott walker immediately ordered artillery and air bombardment of the village . walker also ordered rok and un forces to secure regions around the village to prevent further advance of the north korean troops . within a few hours , the village was being blasted by artillery and the regiment ' s air supportto pull back . the 766th ' s forces congregated and fought in the hills around the town . they joined elements of the kpa ' s 5th division , and did not enter p ' ohang until night . un forces responded to the attack with overwhelming force . a large force of north korean troops , called task force p ' ohang , was assembled and sent into p ' ohang @ - @ dong to reinforce the 766th regiment and the 5th division . rok troops advanced toward p ' gang @ - @ dong to the east , forcing the kpa ' s 5th division into a full retreat . threatened with defeat , the kpa ' s 5th division and 766th regiment were forced into a retreat on august 19 . by this time , the 766th had been reduced to 2 @ , @ 500 men , half its original strength . exhausted and out of ammunition , the 766th regiment retreated to pihak @ - @ san , a mountain 4 miles ( 4 @ . @ 7 km ) north of kigye , to join the shattered kpa ' s 12th division . the 12th division was reduced to 1 @ , @ 500 men in the fighting , and 2 @ , @ 000 military personnel and north korean supplies were used to replenish the ranks . the 766th regiment was then ordered to merge its remaining forces into the shattered kpa ' s 12th division . upon the completion of the merger with the 12th division on august 20 , 1950 , the 766th regiment ceased to exist . it had trained for 12 to 14 months prior to the merger and fought for more than two .