= ancient egyptian deities = ancient egyptian deities are the gods and deities worshipped in ancient egypt . the beliefs and practices surrounding these gods formed the basis of ancient egyptian religion , which began sometime in prehistory . gods were natural forces and forces , and the egyptians supported and appeased them through offerings and rituals so that these forces would continue to function according to maat , or divine law . after the establishment of the egyptian state around 3100 bc , the authority to perform these rituals was controlled by the pharaoh , who claimed to be the gods ' creator and controlled the places where the rituals were carried out . the gods ' complex features were revealed through myths and the intricate relationships between deities : blood ##lines , ethnic groups and alliances , and unification of separate deities into one . gods ' diverse appearances in plants — , animals , humans , objects , and combinations of different forms — also alluded , through art , to their complex features . in different cultures , many gods were considered to hold the highest position in divine society , including the sun god ra , the mysterious god amun , and the egyptian goddess isis . the highest position was often associated with the creation of the world and was connected with the 1 @ - @ giving power of the gods . some scholars have argued , based in part on egyptian mythology , that the egyptians came to recognize a supreme divine power that lay behind all things and was present in all the other worlds . yet they never abandoned their original polytheistic view of the world , except possibly during the era of atenism in the 4th century bc , when official religion focused exclusively on the egyptian sun god aten . gods were assumed to be present throughout the world , capable of influencing natural events and the course of human life . people identified with them in official and private ways , for personal reasons as well as for larger matters of state administration . people asked for divine help , used rituals to force deities to appear , and called upon them for advice . humans ' relations with their gods were a central part of egyptian society . = = = = = the figures in ancient egyptian mythology who can be regarded as deities are difficult to count . egyptian texts give the names of many deities whose existence is unknown and make vague , vague references to other gods who are not even mentioned . the egyptologist john c . allen estimates that more than 1 @ , @ 400 deities are named in egyptian texts , whereas his colleague christian leitz says there are " thousands upon thousands " of them . the egyptian language ' s terms for these beings were ntr, " god " , and the feminine form ntrt , " people " . scholars have tried to clarify the exact nature of the gods by suggesting names for these words , but none of these proposals has gained acceptance , and the terms ' meaning remains unclear . the objects that were used as signs and determinatives in writing these words show some of the traits that the egyptians associated with divinity . the most common of these signs is a bird hanging from a pole . other signs were found at the entrances of temples , representing the presence of a deity , throughout ancient egyptian history . other such hieroglyphs include a falcon , reminiscent of several early egyptians who were depicted as falcons , and a seated male or female figure . the feminine form could also be written with an arrow as well , linking it with fertility and birth , or with a cobra , reflecting the use of the term to represent various egyptian deities . the egyptians derived ntrw , " gods " , from rmt , " people " , but the meanings of the egyptian and the greek terms do not match up . the term ntr could have applied to any being that was in some way outside the sphere of human life . these humans were called ntr because they were considered to be among the gods , whereas the term was rarely applied to any of egypt ' s other human beings , which modern scholars often call " gods " . egyptian religious art also depicts places , objects , and concepts in abstract terms . these abstract ideas range from deities that are mentioned in myth and legend to obscure concepts , only mentioned once or twice , that may be little more than metaphors . given these blurred distinctions between gods and human beings , scholars have proposed various definitions of a " deity " . one widely accepted definition , proposed by michael assmann , says that a deity has a name , is involved in some aspect of the afterlife , and is described in mythology or other forms of written tradition . according to a different definition , by dimitri meeks , ntr applied to any being that was the focus of worship . from this perspective , " gods " included the god , who was made a god through his religious rites , and their souls , who entered the divine realm through funeral rites . thus , the preeminence of the egyptian gods was established through the ritual devotion that was performed for them across egypt . = = = = = the first written evidence of deities in egypt comes from the early dynastic period ( c . 3100 – 2686 bc) . they may have appeared sometime in the preceding predynastic period ( before 3100 bc ) and developed out of earlier religious practices . predynastic artwork depicts a variety of animal and human deities . some of these images , such as stars and cattle , are reminiscent of some features of egyptian religion in earlier times , but in most cases there is not enough evidence to determine whether the images are associated with deities . as egyptian society became more sophisticated , clearer signs of religious activity appeared . the earliest stone temples appeared in the last centuries of the predynastic period , along with images that resemble the iconographies of egyptian deities : the falcon that represents ra and several other gods , the three arrows that stand for neith , and the enigmatic " winged animal " that represents set . many scholars and archaeologists have advanced theories about how the gods developed in these early times . gustave jequier , for instance , argued the egyptians first saw sexual deities , then deities in animal form , and finally deities in human form , whereas henri ##ot argued that the gods must have been envisioned in animal form from the beginning . some of these theories are now regarded as highly speculative , and more current theories , such as siegfried morenz ' hypothesis that deities developed as humans learned to distinguish themselves from and understand their environment , are difficult to support . predynastic egypt originally consisted of small , independent villages . because the deities in these villages were closely tied to particular towns and regions , many scholars have argued that the pantheon developed as disparate deities coalesced into larger ones , absorbing and expanding the worship of the old kingdom deities . still others have argued that the most important predynastic gods were , like other elements of egyptian culture , spread evenly across the country despite the political divisions surrounding them . the final step in the formation of egyptian religion was the unification of egypt , in which kings from upper egypt made themselves rulers of the entire country . these new kings and their subjects assumed the exclusive right to interact with the gods , and kingship became the unifying principle of the religion . new gods began to emerge after this time . some important deities like isis and ra are not known to have existed until the new kingdom ( c . 2686 – 2181 bc ) . places and people could sometimes inspire the creation of a deity to represent them , and deities were sometimes created to act as a @ - @ - counterparts to other gods or goddesses . kings were said to be divine ,although only a few continued to be worshipped even after their death . the non @ - @ royal humans were considered to have the favor of the gods and were venerated there . this veneration was relatively short @ - @ lived , as the court architects imhotep and amenhotep son of hapu were regarded as gods even after their deaths , as were many government officials . through contact with neighboring civilizations , the egyptians gradually adopted other deities . dedun , who is first mentioned in the old kingdom , may have come from egypt , and baal , anat , and ra , among others , were adopted from canaanite tribes during the new kingdom ( c . 1550 – 1070 bc ) . in greek and roman times , from 332 bc to the early centuries ad , gods from across the known universe were revered in egypt , but the original gods remained , and they often absorbed the worship of these deities into their own religion . = = characteristics = = modern knowledge of popular beliefs about the gods is mostly drawn from the texts written by the nation ' s rulers and historians . these people were the elite of egyptian society and were very distinct from the general population , most of whom were priests . little is known about how well this broader population knew and understood the religious significance that the gods held . people ' perceptions of the divine may have differed from those of the elite . the populace may , for example , have mistaken the religion ' s symbolic statements about the gods and their actions for the truth . but overall , what little is known about popular religious belief is consistent with the elite tradition . the elite would have a very different understanding of the gods and their actions . = = = = = = = = egyptian deities represent physical or mental phenomena . the gods were often said to be involved in these phenomena — to be active within them . the types of phenomena they represented include physical forces and objects as well as abstract concepts and concepts . the god shu oversaw the circulation of all the world ' s water ; the god meretseger ruled a limited area of the world , the great desert ; and the god sia personified the abstract nature of perception . the gods also had important roles and were involved in many types of phenomena . for instance , khnum was the god of an island in the delta of the nile , the land that was essential to egyptian civilization . he was credited with producing the annual great flood that fertilized the nation ' s farmland . perhaps asan outgrowth of this short @ - @ giving power , he was able to control all living things , turning their bodies on a potter ' s wheel . gods could share the same role as nature ; ra , atum , khepri , horus , and other deities acted as sun gods . despite their various roles , most deities had one common goal in common : maintaining maat , the cosmic order that was a central principle of egyptian religion and was itself seen as a god . but some deities represented opposition to maat . most prominently , apep was the god of chaos , constantly threatening to annihilate the order of the universe , and ra was an active member of the order who could both fight disorder and foment it . not all forces of nature were seen as gods . although many deities were associated with the nile , no god represented it in the way that ra personified the nile . short @ - @ lived elements , like rainbows or clouds , were not represented by gods ; neither were elements like wind and water or the other components of the nile . the roles of each god were different , and each god could change in order to take on new roles . as a result , gods ' roles are difficult to define and define . but despite their flexibility , the gods had limited abilities and spheres of influence . not even the sun god could see beyond the boundaries of the world that they created , and even ra , although she was said to be the cleverest of the gods , was not omniscient . richard h . wilkinson , however , notes that some texts from the late new kingdom indicate that , as beliefs about the god gradually developed , he was thought to possess omniscience and wisdom and to know the limits of the universe in a way that other deities did not . the deities with the most limited and specialized domains are sometimes called " minor gods " or " demons " in modern writing , although there is no firm definition for these terms . among these lesser deities , egyptologist claude traunecker makes a distinction between " demons " — specialized patron deities of certain places , people , or activities , such as the flood and marsh god wadj @ - @ wer and the river god renenutet — and demons , which have a more complex character . many demons are benevolent , causing peace and causing harm among humans . their powers can also be protective ; they can guard certain places like the duat , therealm of the dead , or advise and rule over them . egyptians believed the landscape was full of these unpredictable supernatural forces . they often acted as messengers and advisors to the greater gods , but their position in the hierarchy was not clear . the egyptian deities isis and taweret originally had minor , demon @ - @ like roles , but over time they came to be associated with great powers . = = = = = = = divine order was intended to govern all of creation . except for the lesser deities who disrupted the divine order , the gods ' actions created maat and created and sustained all living things . they did this work through a force the egyptians called heka , a term often translated as " spirit " . heka was the divine power that the creator god used to create the world and the gods themselves . the gods ' actions in the present were described and illustrated in hymns and funerary texts . in egypt , myth mainly concerns the gods ' actions during a vaguely imagined past in which the gods were present on earth and interact directly with humans . the events of this past often set the stage for the events of the present . some events were tied to events of the immediate past ; the birth of a new king , for example , marked horus ' ascension to the throne of his father osiris . myths are metaphors for the gods ' actions , which we cannot fully understand . they express many different ideas , each with a different perspective on the events . the gods in myth are part of the egyptians ' many @ - @ - approach to religious belief — what henri frankfort calls a " multiplicity of approaches " to understanding the gods . in general , the gods behave much like humans . they feel emotion ; they can eat , drink , eat , weep , laugh , and die . they have unique personality traits . set is aggressive and impulsive , and thoth , god of writing and knowledge , is prone to making @ - @ winded speeches . but overall , the gods are more like stories than well drawn characters . their dialogue is complex , and their motives and motivations are rarely explained . most stories about them lack highly developed characters and plots , because the symbolic content of the myths is more abstract than the storytelling . the main divine act is the creation of the cosmos , described in several creation myths . they focus on the gods , some of which may serve as creator deities . the eight daughters of the ogdoad , who create the universe that precedes creation , give birth to thesun ra , who establishes order in the newly created world ; ptah , who embodies thought and reason , gives form to all things by naming and naming them ; atum produces all things as part of himself ; and ra , according to the myth told by his priesthood , preceded and created the other creator gods . these and other versions of the story of creation are not seen as contradictory . each offers a different perspective on the historical process by which the created universe and its creator deities emerge from the chaos . the period of creation , in which a series of gods reign as kings over the created world , is the setting for these myths . the gods struggle against the forces of chaos and among each other , emerging from the created world and creating the historical kings of egypt to rule in their place . a prominent theme in these myths is the effort of the gods to defend maat against the forces of chaos . they wage fierce battles with the forces of chaos at the start of creation . ra and apep , battling each other each time , continue this struggle into the end . another prominent theme is the gods ' death and rebirth . the first example where a god dies is the story of moses ' flood , in which that god is resurrected as ruler of the duat . the creator god is then said to grow old during his long journey through the sky , descend into the duat at night , and emerge as a newborn child at dawn . in the morning he comes into contact with the cold forces of primordial chaos . funerary scenes that depict ra ' s journey through the duat also show the corpses of those who are buried along with him . instead of being changelessly immortal , the gods periodically died and were reborn , repeating the events of creation , thus renewing the created world . but it was also possible for this cycle to be disrupted and for them to return . some poorly understood egyptian myths even suggest that this calamity is destined to happen — that the creator god will one day dissolve the order of the world , leaving only himself and ra amid the great chaos . = = = = = = = gods were linked with specific parts of the universe . in egyptian tradition , the universe includes the earth , the sky , and the duat . surrounding them is the dark formlessness that existed before creation . the gods in general were said to reside in the sky , although gods whose names are linked with other parts of the universe were alsoto live in those places helps . most events of mythology , occurring at a time of the gods ' withdrawal from the divine realm , take place in an earthly setting . the gods most often interact with those in the underworld . the duat , in particular , is seen as a remote and inaccessible place , and the gods who dwell there have difficulty communicating with those in the world of the underworld . the space outside the temple is also considered to be very distant . it too is inhabited by deities , some hostile and some beneficial to the other gods and their orderly existence . in the time after myth , most gods were believed to be present in the sky or invisibly present within the world . temples were their main means of communication with humanity . each year , it was believed , the gods moved from the divine realm to their temples , their homes in the natural world . there they inhabited the cult centers , the buildings that depicted deities and allowed humans to interact with them through temple rituals . this connection between temples was sometimes described as a connection between the sky and the earth . since temples were the focal point of egyptian religion , the god in a city ' s main temple was the patron deity for the city and the surrounding region . gods ' range of influence on earth depended on the cities and regions they presided over . many gods had more than one cult center , and their political influence changed over time . they could establish themselves in different places , or their sphere of influence could contract . therefore , a given god ' s main cult center in ancient times is not necessarily his or her place of origin . the political influence of a temple could affect the importance of its patron deity . when kings from thebes took control of the country at beginning of the middle kingdom ( c . 2055 – 1650 bc ) , they removed kings ' patron gods — first the sky god montu and then amun — to national power . = = = names and epithets = = = in egyptian belief , names express the fundamental nature of the deity to which they refer . in accordance with this principle , the names of gods often relate to their roles and origins . the name of the predatory goddess sekhmet means " unknown one " , the name of the sun god amun means " unknown one " , and the name of the goddess nekhbet , who was worshipped in the temple of nekheb , means " she of nekheb " . but the other names have no specific meaning , even when the people who bear them are somehow tied to a specific role . the names of thesky goddess nut and the sun goddess geb do not have the same names for heaven and earth . the egyptians also developed new myths giving more meanings to their names . a passage in the coffin texts gives the name of the funerary god sokar as sk ##or , meaning " cleaning of the mouth " , to link his name with his role in the opening of the mouth ritual , while one in the coffin texts says the name is based on words shouted by ra , connecting sokar with the most important egyptian god . the gods were believed to have many names . among them were certain names that conveyed their true natures more profoundly than others . to know the secret name of a god was to have power over it . the importance of names is demonstrated by a myth in which isis poisons the sun god ra and refuses to kill him unless he reveals his secret name to her . upon learning the name , she teaches it to her son , ra , and by learning it they gain greater knowledge and power . in addition to their names , deities were given epithets , like " possessor of splendor " , " lord of abydos " , or " lord of the sky " , that describe some aspect of their nature or their worship . because of the gods ' many and varied roles , deities can have many names — with more important gods having more , — and the same epithet can apply to many others . some deities eventually became separate entities , as with werethekau , an epithet applied to several goddesses meaning " great enchantress " , which came to be treated as an independent goddess . the use of divine names and titles expresses the gods ' multifarious nature . = = = = = = = the deities are connected by a complex and shifting array of relationships . a deity ' s actions and interactions with other deities helped define their character . queen isis , as the mother and wife of kings , was a great healer as well as the mother of kings . these relationships were the raw material from which deities were formed . these relationships are a common source of interaction between gods . deities can form male and female relationships , reflecting the importance of gender in egyptian religious thought . images of royal figures , with a father , mother , and child , represent the creation of the gods and the succession of the father by the child , a pattern that links royal succession with royal succession . osiris , isis , and horus formed the first family ofthis type . the patterns they set became more complex over time , so that the deities in local cult centers , like ra , sekhmet , and their sons nefertum at memphis and set , mut , and khonsu at thebes , were grouped into family groups . the connections like these were changeable , in keeping with the different perspectives in egyptian thought . hathor , as a mother goddess , could serve as mother to any child form , even the child form of the sun god , although in most cases she was the sun god ' s wife . other family groups were composed of deities with interrelated roles , or who each represented a part of the entire mythological cosmos . there were sets of deities for the hours of the day and night and for each region ( province ) of egypt . some of these groups had a specific , very large number of deities . paired gods may stand for opposite but related concepts that are part of a greater unity . ra , who is active and light @ - @ producing , and osiris , who is static and lives in darkness , merge into a single god each time . groups of three are associated with unity in ancient egyptian thought , and groups of three connote completeness . egyptians of the early new kingdom promoted a very strong view of three deities above all others : isis , ra , and ptah . these deities stood for the plurality of egyptian gods , as well as for their own cult centers ( the three cities of thebes , heliopolis , and memphis ) and for many different sets of views in egyptian religious thought . sometimes set , the patron god of the nineteenth dynasty kings and the cause of disorder within the pantheon , was added to this group , which represented a more coherent view of the pantheon . nine , the product of two and three , represents a multitude , so the egyptians called these large groups " sets " , or sets of nine , even if they had more than nine members . the most important ennead was the ennead of heliopolis , an extended family of gods descended from the creator god atum , which included many important deities . the term " pantheon " was later extended to include all of egypt ' s deities . this divine assemblage had a complex and changeable hierarchy . deities with broad influence in the cosmos or who were mythologically older than others held higher positions in egyptian society . at the head of this society was the king of the gods , who wasusually associated with the sun deity . in different periods of egyptian history , different gods were most often said to hold this same position . horus was the most important . in the ancient egyptian period , ra rose to prominence in the old kingdom , isis was included in the ##bes , and in the middle and later periods , isis was the principal mother and father goddess . newly prominent gods tended to inherit characteristics from their predecessors . isis absorbed the traits of many other goddesses during her reign , and when amun became the creator of the universe , he was conjoined with ra , the first king of the gods , to become a solar deity . = = = elements and persons = = = the gods were believed to come in many forms . the egyptians had a conception of the human being , consisting of various parts . the spirits of the gods were composed of many of these various parts . the ba was the part of the divine or divine soul that affected the world around it . any visible manifestation of a deity ' s power could be called its ba ; similarly , the sun was called the ba of ra . a manifestation of a deity was called a bas , a manifestation of a being , which acted as a vessel for that deity ' s power to manifest . the sacred bodies of deities that were the focus of temple rituals , as well as the sacred animals that represented certain deities , were said to represent the bas in this way . gods could be described as ba and kas , which were sometimes given names representing different aspects of the god ' s nature . everything in egypt was said to be one of the kas of atum the creator god , who originally created all things by himself , and each deity could be called the ba of ra , indicating that the one god was a manifestation of the god ' s power . other body parts could act as separate entities , like the eye of ra and eye of atum , both of which were regarded as goddesses . many important deities gave rise to local manifestations , which sometimes inherited the characteristics of older egyptian gods . horus had many names given to local deities , including horus of nekhen , horus of buhen , and horus of edfu . these local deities could be treated only as separate entities . during the old kingdom , a priest was accused of stealing clothes from an oracle supposed to communicate messages from god of pe @ - @ khenty . he sent two other local priests of amun hoping for a differentjudgment . gods ' manifestations also differed according to their gender . horus could be a young sky god or a woman , and these forms were sometimes counted as separate deities . gods were associated with each other as long as they were distinct . a god could be called the ba of ra , and two or more gods could be joined into one deity with a similar name and iconography . foreign gods were joined with native ones , and deities with similar names were combined . ra was connected with the solar god sobek to form sobek @ - @ ra ; with his fellow sun god , amun , to form amun @ - @ ra ; with the female form of horus to form ra @ - @ horakhty ; and with other solar deities as horemakhet @ - @ khepri @ - @ ra @ - @ atum . on some occasions , two deities of different sexes were joined in this way , producing combinations like ra @ - @ neith and mut @ - @ isis . this combination of deities is called fusion . unlike other situations for which this term is used , the state religion was not meant to fuse different belief systems , although foreign deities could be syncretized with native ones . instead , it acknowledged the differences between their roles , and extended the sphere of influence for each of them . these combinations were not uniform ; a god who was involved in a combination tended to appear separately and to form new combinations with other deities . even closely connected deities could not merge . ra absorbed several local deities from various regions , such as khenty @ - @ irty and khenty @ - @ khety , who became little more than local manifestations of him ; hathor absorbed a local cow goddess , bat ; and an early funerary goddess , khenti @ - @ amentiu , was absorbed into ra and isis . = = = the aten and egyptian gods = = = in the reign of ra ( c . 1353 – 1336 bc ) during the ra @ - @ new kingdom , a new solar deity , the ra , became the sole god of the state religion . he refused to build the temples of other gods and erased the gods ' names and images from monuments , targeting ra in particular . this new belief system , sometimes called atenism , differed significantly from the widespread worship of other gods in the other periods .whereas , in earlier periods , newly important deities were integrated into traditional egyptian beliefs , atenism focused on a single view of the divine that excluded the traditional multiplicity of gods . thus atenism may not have been full monotheism , which also excluded belief in other deities . there is evidence suggesting that the egyptian population was still allowed to worship other gods in egypt . the picture is further complicated by atenism ' s apparent preference for some other deities , like shu . for these reasons , the egyptologist dominic montserrat suggested that akhenaten may have been monolatrous , worship a single god without acknowledging the existence of others . in any case , atenism ' s new theology did not take root among the egyptian population , and akhenaten ' s followers returned to traditional religion . = = = unity of the divine in traditional religion = = = scholars have long debated whether traditional egyptian religion ever believed that the two religions were , on a deeper level , one . reasons for this debate include the practice of evolution , which would suggest that all the separate gods could ultimately merge into one , and the tendency of egyptian texts to describe a particular god with power that surpasses all other deities . another point of contention is the appearance of the word " god " in wisdom texts , where the word does not refer to a specific deity or group of gods . in the early 20th century , for instance , f . a . wallis budge believed that egyptian religions were polytheistic , but knowledge of the true divine nature of the religion was reserved for the elite , as wrote the wisdom literature . his contemporary james henry breasted argued that religion was instead secular , with the power of the sun god present in all other gods , while hermann hesse argued that egyptian civilization had been originally monotheistic and became secular over the course of its history . in 1971 , erik hornung published a study of these arguments . he pointed out that in any given period all gods , even minor ones , were described as superior to all others . he also argues that the word " god " in the wisdom texts is a generic term for whichever deity the egyptians came to revere . although the combinations , names , and iconographies of each god were constantly varied , they were always restricted to a limited range of forms , never becoming completely interchangeable in a systematic or pantheistic sense . henotheism , hornung argues , describes egyptian religion better than other labels . an egyptiancould identify any deity at a particular time and associate him with supreme power at that time , without denying the other gods or merging them together with the god that he or she focused on . hornung argues that the gods were truly unified only in myth , during the time before creation , after which the pantheon of gods evolved from a uniform ##ity . hornung ' s views have also influenced other scholars of egyptian religion , but they still argue that at times the gods were more unified than tradition allows . robert assmann argues that the notion of a universal deity developed slowly through the new kingdom , beginning with a focus on the @ - @ ra as the all @ - @ ra universal god . in his view , atenism was an extreme outgrowth of this trend . it equated the universal god with the sun and dismissed all other deities . then , in the backlash against atenism , egyptian theologians viewed the universal god in a different way , one that broke with popular belief . the one god was believed to transcend the world and all the other deities , while at the same time , the multiple gods were aspects of the one . according to assmann , this universal god was especially equated with ra , the sun , in the late new kingdom , whereas for the rest of egyptian history the one deity could be identified with many other gods . james a . smith says that coexisting notions of one god and multiple gods would fit well with the " hierarchy of gods " in egyptian thought , as well as with the henotheistic practice of its worshippers . he says that the egyptians may have recognized the unity of the divine by " identifying their # ##ity of ' god ' with a particular god , depending on the particular situation . " = = descriptions and depictions = = egyptian writings describe the gods ' bodies in detail . they are made of various materials ; their flesh is white , their bones are silver , and their hair is lapis black . they give off a scent that the egyptians attribute to the incense used in incense . some texts give detailed descriptions of their deities , including their height and skin color . sometimes these characteristics are not fixed ; in others , they change their appearances to suit their own needs . egyptian texts often refer to gods ' true , physical appearances as " gods " . the egyptians ' pictorial representations of their gods are therefore often abstract . they show specific aspects of each deity ' s character , very much like the ideograms in hieroglyphic writing .for this reason , the black figure sphinx is often shown in egyptian art as a dog or cat , a creature whose scavenging might threaten the health of buried mummies , in an effort to counter this threat and use it for protection . his black hair refers to the color of mummified bodies and to the fertile black soil that egyptians saw as a means of resurrection . the gods were represented in different ways . hathor could be a cow , bull , lioness , or a man with bovine horns or ears . by depicting a single god in different ways , the egyptians developed different views of his essential nature . the gods are depicted in a large number of these various forms , so that deities can often be distinguished from one another by their iconographies . these forms include men and women ( fertility ) , animals ( war ) , and , more rarely , religious objects . combinations of these , such as deities with human bodies and animal heads , are common . new forms and more complex images appeared in the course of time . some deities can only be distinguished from others if they are labeled in writing , as with isis and hathor . because of the close connection between these deities , they could both wear the lion @ - @ head cap that was originally hathor ' s alone . certain features of these images are more useful than others in determining a god ' s identity . the possibility of a hybrid divine image is also significant . in a hybrid image , the head represents the human form of the deity depicted , so that , as the egyptologist robert robinson put it , " a lion @ - @ headed god is a lion @ - @ head in human form , while a royal god , therefore , is a man who has assumed the form of a lion . " the headdresses , which range from the various types of ornaments used by human kings to egyptian hieroglyphs worn on gods ' heads , are another important feature . in contrast , the objects held in gods ' hands tend to be symbolic . male deities hold prayer staffs , females hold bundles of grain , and both sexes carry ankh signs , representing the egyptian symbol for " life " , to symbolize their life @ - @ giving power . the ways in which the deities are shown , although diverse , are similar in many ways . many animals that are represented in art are never depicted in divine iconography , whereas a few , such as snakes , cobras , and cattle ,can each represent many deities . animals that were absent from egypt in the early part of its history were not used in these images . for instance , the horse , which was only used during the second intermediate period ( c . 1650 – 1550 bc ) , usually represents a bull . similarly , the clothes worn by anthropomorphic deities in all periods differ little from the styles used in the old kingdom : a hat , a beard , and sometimes a mustache for male gods and a long , tight @ - @ wrapped robe for goddesses . the basic human form varies . some gods are depicted nude , as are some adult gods when their divine attributes are shown . most female deities are given full bellies and breasts , representing either fertility or prosperity and abundance . whereas most male gods have pale skin and most females are of — the same colors used to represent egyptian men and women — some were given lighter , darker skin tones . " the red skin and paunchy appearance of the god hapi alludes to the nile river he represents and the nourishing fertility he brought . a few deities , such as osiris , ra , and isis , have a " mummiform " appearance , with their bodies tightly wrapped in cloth . although these figures are older , the earliest examples predate the tight @ - @ wrapped form of deities , and this appearance may also date back to the earliest , painted depictions of them . = = interactions with humans = = = = = relationship with the pharaoh = = = in official writings , kings are considered to be divine , and they are constantly depicted in the company of the deities of the pantheon . each pharaoh and his predecessors were considered the ancestors of the gods who had ruled egypt in its prehistory . living kings were identified with horus and called the " son " of other gods , including osiris and isis ; deceased kings were equated with these elder gods . pharaohs had their own personal temples where ceremonies were performed for them during their lives and after their deaths . but few pharaohs were worshipped as gods well into their lives , and the @ - @ fitting texts portray kings in a human light . for these reasons , scholars disagree on how genuinely the egyptians believed the pharaoh to be a god . he may not have been considered divine when he was performing ceremonies . however , it was believed , the king ' s divine status was the basis for his role as egypt ' s representative tothe gods , as he was the link between the divine and human realms . the egyptians believed the gods had temples to dwell in , as well as the daily performance of rituals and presentation of offerings to serve them . these services were provided by the cults that the pharaoh oversaw , with their priests and priests . yet , according to royal ideology , the @ - @ building was also the pharaoh ' s responsibility , as were the rituals that were often performed in his stead . these acts were also part of the king ' s primary duty : maintaining maat . the pharaoh and the nation he represented provided the gods with maat so they could continue to perform their functions , which maintained maat in the cosmos so they could continue to exist . = = = presence in the material world = = = although the egyptians believed their gods to be present in the world around them , communication between the human and divine realms was generally limited to certain images . in literature , gods may appear to humans in a physical form , but in real life the egyptians were limited to an indirect means of communication . the ba of a god was said to periodically leave the divine realm to dwell in the images of that god . by inhabiting these images , the gods left their concealed forms and took on a physical appearance . to the egyptians , any building or temple that was dsr — " sacred " — was isolated and considered pure , and thus easy for the god to inhabit . many statues and temples , as well as many sacred animals , like the apis bull , served as divine intermediaries in this way . dreams and trances provided a very different venue for interaction . in these dreams , it was believed , humans could come back to the gods and thus receive messages from them . however , according to egyptian afterlife beliefs , human beings emerged into the divine realm after death . the egyptians therefore believed that in death they would remain on the same plane as the gods and would retain their mysterious powers . temples , where the state rituals were carried out , were filled with images of the gods . the most common cult images were the cult statues in the temple courtyard . these statues were no more than life @ - @ buildings , and made of the same raw materials that were used to build the gods ' bodies . these temples had multiple halls , each with a cult statue of one of the gods in a group such as a family temple . the temple ' s primary deity was envisioned as the lord , with most of the residents being members of the royal family that the temple represented . thegods represented in the temples of egypt collectively represented the entire pantheon . among the deities — included most minor gods as well as those that were minor or hostile — were not given temples of their own , although some were represented in the temples of other gods . to protect the sacred power in the sanctuary from the forces of the outside world , the egyptians closed their sanctuaries and severely restricted access to them . those other than kings and high priests were thus denied contact with the statues . the only exception was during imperial times , when the worship was carried out of the temple but remained enclosed in a separate shrine . people did have some direct means of interaction . the more formal form of temples often included private places for prayer , from temples to freestanding shrines at the corners of the temple complex . people often built and managed small chapels for their own use , and some even had shrines inside their temples . in the gulf that separated humans from the divine , the gods were surrounded by opportunities to worship their gods . = = = intervention in human lives = = = the gods were involved in human affairs as well as in the overarching order of things . this divine order applied only to humans , as foreign gods were often believed to be under the divine order . even in the new kingdom , when all nations were under egyptian control , foreigners were said to be under the sun god ' s benign rule in the same way that egyptians were . thoth , as the overseer of time , was said to grant fixed lifespans to both humans and gods . other gods were also believed to govern the course of human life , including meskhenet , who presided over birth , and shai , the god of death . thus the time and manner of death was the main focus of the egyptian concept of death , although to some extent these concepts governed other things in life as well . several texts refer to gods influencing and inspiring human actions , along with a person ' s " heart " — the basis of emotion and reason in egyptian belief . gods were also believed to give commands , assisting the god in the administration of his kingdom and in the management of their temples . egyptian texts rarely mention direct commands given to private individuals , and these commands eventually evolved into a set of strictly enforced moral codes . religion in ancient egypt was based on the concept of maat , which , when applied to egyptian society , meant that everyone should live in an orderly manner that did not interfere with the well @ - @ life of other people . because deities were the upholders ofmaat , morality was connected with them . for example , the gods judged humans ' continued righteousness after death , and by the new kingdom , a verdict of success in this judgment was believed to be necessary for entry into the afterlife . but in general , morality was based on the ways to uphold maat in daily life , rather than the strict rules that the gods laid out . humans had free will to follow divine laws and the behavior required by maat , and by doing so they could impose a punishment upon themselves . a god carried out this punishment using the ba , the symbol that manifested the god ' s power in the human world . natural disasters and human ailments were seen as the work of the god bas . conversely , the gods could cure ordinary humans of diseases or even extend their lifespans . both these types of intervention were eventually replaced by deities : ra , who emerged in the new kingdom to provide human ##kind from harm , and petbe , an egyptian deity from the earliest period of egyptian history who was believed to prevent evil . different texts have different views on whether the gods are responsible when humans behave unjustly . evil was also seen as a result of isfet , the cosmic force that is the opposite of maat , and therefore the gods were not guilty of causing evil events . some deities who were closely connected with isfet , such as ra , could be blamed for evil in the world without placing guilt on the other gods . but some writings would accuse the gods of causing human suffering , while others used theodicies in the gods ' defense . beginning in the middle kingdom , several texts addressed the issue of evil in the world with a story in which the sun god fights a human rebellion against his rule and then withdraws from the earth . because of this human misbehavior , the god grows away from his body , allowing suffering to exist . new kingdom texts do not emphasize the just will of the gods as strongly as those of the old kingdom . they emphasize humans ' direct , personal relationships with god and the gods ' power to intervene in human affairs . egyptians in this era placed faith in specific gods who they hoped would help and protect them through their actions . as a result , upholding the law of maat was less important than gaining the gods ' favor as a way to live a good life . even the pharaohs were seen as dependent on divine guidance , and as the new kingdom came to an end , government was increasingly dominated by oracles . the gods' s . = = = worship = = = official religious practices , which maintained maat for the benefit of upper classes , were similar to , but distinct from , the religious practices of ordinary people , who sought the gods ' help for their personal needs . official religion involved a variety of rituals , performed in temples . some rituals were performed every day , whereas others were festivals , taking place at regular intervals and not limited to a particular god or deity . the deities began their worship in daily ceremonies , in which their images were cleaned , anointed , and presented with offerings as hymns were sung in their honor . these ceremonies , in addition to maintaining maat for the gods , celebrated deities ' life @ - @ of generosity and encouraged them to remain benevolent rather than evil . these often involved a ceremonial procession in which the temple image was carried out of the temple in a barque @ - @ or procession . these processions served various purposes . in roman times , when the gods of many religions were believed to have presided over the nile inundation , priests from many temples took the images to the nile so the gods could invoke a large and fruitful flood . processions also occurred in temples , as when the image of hathor from dendera temple visited her consort horus in the temple of edfu . rituals for a god were often rooted in that deity ' s mythology . such rituals were considered to be part of the events of the mythic cycle , renewing the beneficial effects of the past events . in the khoiak festival in honor of ra , his death and funeral were ritually reenacted at a time when crops were beginning to bloom . the returning greenery symbolized the renewal of the god ' s long life . human contact with the gods took many forms . people who wanted help or help received oracles , hosted in temples , that were supposed to convey gods ' answers to questions . amulets and other images of the deities were used to ward off the evil that could affect human well @ - @ being used to communicate the amulet ' s positive characteristics to the gods . private rituals used the gods ' powers to achieve various goals , from preventing harm to cursing enemies . these rituals used heka , the divine instrument of magic that the gods used , which the god was said to have given to humans so they could fend off misfortune . the performer of a private rite often took on the role of a god of the cult , or even aa deity , to involve the gods in achieving the goal . such rituals coexisted with private offerings and prayers , and all three groups had means of obtaining divine favor . prayer and private offerings are also called " personal piety " : practices that reflect a personal relationship between an individual and a god . evidence of personal piety is scant before the new kingdom . private offerings and personal prayers , many of which were theophoric , suggest that commoners felt some connection between themselves and their gods . but firm evidence of connection to deities is visible only during the new kingdom , reaching a peak late in that era . scholars disagree on the meaning of this change — whether direct contact with the gods was a new phenomenon or an extension of older practices . egyptians also expressed their devotion through a new variety of rituals in and around temples . they recorded their prayers and their thanks for their help on papyrus . they gave offerings of figurines that represented the gods they were praying to , or that symbolized the result they desired ; thus a relief statue of hathor and a statuette of a woman could also represent a wish for fertility . occasionally , a person took a particular god as a patron , dedicating his or her life or death to the god ' s service . these practices continued into the latest period of egyptian history . these later eras saw many religious innovations , including the practice of giving clay mummies as offerings to deities depicted in human form , such as the cat mummies dedicated to the feline goddess bastet . many of the major deities from egyptian and official religion were rarely invoked in public worship , but many of the egyptian minor deities were important in popular tradition . the worship of some egyptian gods spread to other lands , especially to mesopotamia and egypt during the new kingdom , when those lands came under pharaonic control . in canaan , the egyptian gods , particularly hathor , amun , and set , were often syncretized with other gods , who in turn migrated to egypt . the egyptian gods may not have had permanent temples in egypt , and their influence there waned after egypt lost control of the region . in egypt , permanent temples to the various egyptian gods and the pharaohs were built in nubia . after the end of egyptian rule however , the egyptian gods , particularly amun and set , were syncretized with local deities and remained part of the religion of egypt ' s new kingdom of kush . these gods were incorporated into the nubian religion of egypt much as they werein egypt , after that amun was considered the spiritual father of the egyptians and isis and her goddesses were associated with the egyptian god , the kandake . some deities spread farther . taweret became a god in minoan egypt , and amun ' s temple at siwa ##h became known to and consulted by people throughout the mediterranean region . under the egyptian 18th dynasty and later roman rule , greeks and romans introduced their own gods to egypt . these romans replaced the egyptian gods with their own , as part of the greco @ - @ roman tradition of interpretatio graeca . but the worship of the egyptian gods was not swallowed up by that of foreign gods . instead , greek and roman deities were regarded as variants of egyptian deities . these deities also incorporated greek language , philosophy , ritual , and even greek architecture . meanwhile , the cults of several egyptian deities — including zeus , isis , isis , the form of god named harpocrates , and the fused greco @ - @ roman god serapis — were incorporated into roman religion and spread across the roman empire . roman emperors , like egyptian emperors before them , used isis and serapis to endorse their policies , inside and outside egypt . in the empire ' s complex mix of religious traditions , zeus was transmuted into the legendary greek figure hermes trismegistus , and isis , who was venerated from egypt to rome , became the center of a greco @ - @ style mystery cult . isis and hermes trismegistus were also prominent in the western esoteric tradition that grew from the egyptian religious tradition . temples and cults in egypt itself declined as the egyptian economy collapsed in the third century ad , and beginning in the fourth century , rome suppressed the veneration of egyptian deities . the last egyptian cult , the philae , died out in the fifth or sixth century . the beliefs of the gods themselves disappeared within a few hundred years , remaining in magical form into the seventh and eighth centuries . but many of the rituals used in their worship , such as processions and oracles , were adapted to fit christian practices and practiced as part of the coptic church . given the cultural changes and new influences on egyptian religion since that time , scholars disagree about whether most modern coptic practices are descended from those of pharaonic egypt . but many festivals and other rituals of the egyptians , both christian and muslim , involve the worship of their ancestors ' gods .