= sister husbands = sister wives is an american reality television series broadcast on tlc that began airing in 2010 . the show follows the lives of a polygamist family , which includes patriarch kody brown , his three wives , and their 18 children . the family began the series living in lehi , utah , but has since moved to las vegas , nevada in 2011 . brown and his wife have stated they participated with the show to make the public more aware of polygamist issues and to combat negative stereotypes . brown claims his marriage ceremony is legal because he is legally married only to one wife , and the other marriages are spiritual unions . the controversy led to the brown family being investigated for criminal prosecution . = = concept = = the series follows the life of advertising salesman kody brown , his wives meri , janelle , christine , and robyn , and their four children . in the first season the show televised brown ' s courting and adoption of his first wife , robyn sullivan , in 2010 . robyn was the first new wife to enter the family in 16 years . the second legal marriage was between kody and his first wife meri , until their legal separation in december 2014 . ( he later divorced his wife robyn in december 2014 in order to legally adopt her four children ) . the other marriages are considered spiritual unions . as of 2015 kody has been married to meri for 25 years , janelle for 22 years , christine for 10 years , and robyn for 5 years . kody and meri have a daughter , mariah , their first child . kody and janelle have five children : daughters jessica and savanah and sons logan , hunter , aaron , and aaron . kody and christine have six children : daughters aspyn , mykelti , gwendlyn , ysabel , and truely and son paedon . robyn has three children from her first marriage , which was jewish : aaron , aurora , and breanna . kody legally adopted them in june 2015 . kody and robyn have two children : son solomon and daughter ariella . meri , robyn , and christine were all raised in polygamist families , and janelle was adopted . although christine ' s father left the family she still raised them . shortly before the birth of janelle and kody , however , janelle ' s mother entered into a polygamist marriage with kody ' s father . the brown family belongs to the orthodox united synagogue ( aub . ) for years before the series , the familykept their polygamist lifestyle what they call a " half @ - @ secret " . = = children = = kody has 18 children : with meri : mariah ( december 3 , 1995 ) daughter with janelle : logan ( may 1 , 1994 ) daughter madison ( december 3 , 1995 ) daughter married to caleb brown since june 4 , 2016 hunter ( december 9 , 1997 ) son garrison ( april 10 , 1998 ) son gabriel ( october 7 , 2001 ) daughter savanah ( december 9 , 2004 ) daughter with christine : aspyn ( december 9 , 1995 ) daughter mykelti ( december 9 , 1996 ) daughter married to antonio padron paedon ( august 5 , 1998 ) son gwendlyn ( july 5 , 2001 ) daughter ysabel ( march 7 , 2003 ) daughter truely ( april 13 , 2010 ) daughter with robyn : olivia ( june 10 , 2011 ) daughter ariella mae ( june 10 , 2016 ) daughter robyn ' s children from her first marriage who were adopted by kody on january 1 , 2015 : olivia ( june 17 , 2000 ) son aurora ( june 16 , 2002 ) daughter breanna ( june 8 , 2005 ) daughter = = = = = in the summer of 2009 , executive producers timothy brown and christopher poole approached figure 8 films , a north american company , with the concept of a reality series about the brown family . michael brown , the president of figure 8 films , said the company agreed to the project after meeting with the family and deciding their story would be a great story . production crews filmed footage of the episodes in half @ - @ 2010 to be used in the first season , ending in 2011 with the marriage of kody brown and robyn sullivan . the company continued to film them afterward in case the series was picked up for a second season . sister wives was officially announced on august 30 , 2010 , during the television critics association summer media tour in beverly hills , california . the series ' first episode , one hour long , was broadcast on hbo on september 7 , 2010 , and the first season continued with the half @ - @ 2010 chapters until october 31 , 2010 . the broadcast of sister wives came at a time that adultery and abusive relationships were a taboo topic in american popular culture . big love , the hit hbo series about former utah governor bill henrickson , his three former wives , and their struggle to find acceptance in society , had not been on the air for two years . in late september 2010 , the hbo series lone ##star , about a con manon the verge of falling into their hands , premiered on abc but was later canceled after two episodes , and when sister wives premiered , actress katherine heigl was in the process of making a film about carolyn jessop , a woman who fled from a religious sect . in october 2010 , tlc announced it had commissioned a second season , which premiered in march 2011 . a live episode with the brown family was aired on october 31 , 2010 , and a nine @ - @ hour episode featuring the wedding of kody brown and robyn sullivan aired on november 22 , 2010 . = = episodes = = = = = season 1 = = = the nine @ - @ hour first season ran from october 26 to november 22 , 2010 . the season premiere introduced viewers to kody brown and his three wives , meri , janelle , and christine , and their three children , all of whom live in a one @ - @ style house with three separate wives . it also chronicled kody ' s marriage and relationship to robyn sullivan , who herself has three children , marking the first time in 16 years kody had courted a woman . the new relationship causes tension and tension among the other three wives , but they eventually accept her and welcome her into the family . during the fourth episode of the season , christine gives birth to her first child , truely , which brings the total to 16 children including robyn ' s three children . later , kody and meri travel to hawaii to celebrate their twentieth wedding anniversary , where meri expresses her concern about her marital status and the jealousy that has arisen from kody ' s marriage to robyn . kody discusses in vitro pregnancy , but she turns down the idea because she is only interested in a naturally occurring conception . as robyn ' s wedding proceeds , the three sister wives and robyn prepare , and they begin to celebrate . however , kody upsets his wives when he reveals he secretly chose robyn ' s wedding for himself , which makes christine feel so betrayed that she angrily walks out of the @ - @ interview . kody eventually returns , and the wives reconcile . the first season officially ends with the wedding of kody and robyn , where meri , janelle , and christine present her with a claddagh ring to welcome her into the family . = = = season 2 = = = season 3 ran 23 episodes from march 13 , 2011 to september 25 , 2011 , although some sources refer to the episode airing from september 25 , 2011 to november 22 , 2011for season 2 . this is due to a short hiatus from june 1 , 2011 to september 25 , 2011 . season 2 begins with the browns heading to new york to appear on national television for the first time as open polygamists , and back home the kids head off to their first year of public school . throughout the season , the browns visit their friends and family members and reflect on how their lives have changed with these people since they became open members . these friends and family members include kody ' s parents ( also parents ) , kody ' s high school friends , and various other couples that kody and the sister wives know . episode 1 of season 2 also follows the families on kody and janelle ' s first camping trip , attending and participating in church , and camping , which the browns spend in a remote mountain cabin . during season 2 we also learn more about meri ' s ongoing struggle with her diagnosis of cancer and the death of her sister . in episode 5 , kody , christine , and their children take a trip to las vegas , which we later learn is the beginning of the browns ' subsequent move to las vegas . the final episodes of season 2 follow the browns with their real estate agent mona riekki through their struggle to find a home in las vegas suitable for polygamists , convincing the kids that they are gay , and the subsequent move to las vegas . realtor , mona riekki finds new homes for all of the wives and kody . once the browns settle into their new homes they discuss the possibility of finding a place for all of them to live together in four homes in a cul @ - @ de @ - @ style . in the last episode before the hiatus , robyn announces that she is expecting her and kody ' s first child . the first half of season 2 features the announcement of the sex of robyn and kody ' s child and the browns ' struggle to adjust to life in las vegas . the episodes after the season 2 hiatus focus more on robyn ' s pregnancy and the browns ' adjusting to their new home . the abrupt move to las vegas brings about personal issues for some of the older kids , which is further explored further in the second half of season 2 . during these episodes the browns also explore the ways that the five of them ( kody and the sister wives ) can run together . several episodes after the hiatus explore various topics such as jealousy among the sister wives , jealousy when courting a new husband , how the browns combat the influence of lasfocusing on their family , and how the browns are preparing the brown siblings for college . sister riekki is back in this season and is working with the family on building a new home in chicago . in the meantime , robyn gives birth to baby solomon on may 1 , 2011 and the possibility of meri having more children yet again arises . although the ongoing investigation of the browns is brought up during season 3 , it is not extensively discussed , and the progress of the investigation is minimal . = = = season 3 = = = season 3 premiered on may 13 , 2012 with some details posted about the family ' s spring break on the twitter account of his wife robyn - christine . the twenty one episode season 3 deals with the family ' s struggle to be a cohesive unit while living in four separate homes . meri reveals more about the infertility problems she has experienced , while christine discloses more about her opinion of robyn . the show returns from hiatus on november 18 , 2012 , to the brown family still putting their thoughts into moving their family onto the road , and invest in a cul @ - @ de @ - @ sac where they can build two homes . it becomes more apparent this season that living in separate homes is tearing the family apart . towards the end of the season , the family takes a three @ - @ day trip to nauvoo , illinois , the birthplace of american football . in the last episode on november 30 , 2012 , the family also deals with the upcoming departure to college of the eldest brown child , brandon . = = = season 4 = = = season 5 premiered on july 21 , 2013 . it chronicles the family as they move into four separate homes in the same neighborhood . the browns are still working on starting their own business . meri comes to a decision following robyn ' s offer to be her assistant . = = = season 4 = = = season 5 has seven episodes , eight if you include the " tell all " at the end , and eleven if you include the " sitting down with the browns " , " meri @ - @ behind the scenes " , and the " robyn , - behind the scenes " segments . season 5 begins with the twins at high school , mykelti and madison . the grown ##ups plan to lip sync a song to celebrate , but this brings out some mixed feelings for janelle , who is not comfortable being so transparent and admits to being embarrassed in public by the others ' behavior . and a strong sense of feeling that she ' s not in theto the end and she sees a therapist to resolve that along with her challenging relationship with her wife meri . on a business level , the family discusses whether to turn down investors ' offers and take full control of sisterwives ' business and whether to search the closet for their own creations or branch out and resale the families ' designs and merchandise . christine ' s husband moves in with her in las vegas , and in episode four , the browns allow two women to stay with them for three days to explore the inner workings of society , an arrangement that could either put their lifestyle in a positive or negative light . finally , after five years of emotional anguish , meri files for a divorce from kody so kody can raise robyn ' s two children from her first marriage . at the end of the season , meri and kody maintained that they would continue their relationship . = = = = = = = = = reviews = = = sister wives received considerable media attention after its first season and received generally mixed reviews from critics . washington post staff writer hank stuever called it " very frank " and found particularly interesting the small details of the family ' s daily lives , such as the food pantry , division of clothing , and minor businesses . los angeles times television critic mary mcnamara said she was intrigued by the matriarchal nature of the brown family , a unit that is traditionally considered exclusive . mcnamara said the browns form the core of the family and that " their bonds appear much stronger and more vital than the casual fondness with which they all treat kody " . salon . com writer schuyler velasco praised sister wives for introducing viewers to its subject matter and called it " surprisingly funny " considering its controversial subject matter . velasco said it has " a strong , honest presence in a series known for the @ @ - @ hogging antics of jersey shore " . shelley fralic of the baltimore sun called it fascinating and funny and was impressed with the frank and honest manner in which the family defended their actions . when the brown family made an october 2010 appearance on the oprah winfrey show , talk show host oprah winfrey said she found particularly fascinating the relationship between the sister wives . david a . perigard of the boston globe praised kody brown for opening himself and his family up to potential criminal prosecution by appearing in the series , describing him as " a lawbreaker who is defending himself and the family he believes is so important as to appear on his own television show ". elizabeth tenety of the washington post called the show " one part domestic violence , one part sensationalism " and said it relied on a " common sense tv recipe " shared by other tlc series such as 4 kids and adam and kate plus one . religion dispatches writer joanna brooks shared tenety ' s opinion , criticizing the show for portraying polygamy in a manner that " is about as interesting to me as kate gosselin ' s latest makeover . " despite this , she criticized the show for not addressing the theology of plural marriage and for letting kody brown ' s superficial comments about the dissimilarity of lds and mainstream mormonism get onto the viewers without any further scrutiny or added commentary . amy puterman , television columnist with the asbury park press , felt the sister wives had dealt with homosexuality and self @ - @ ness , and she compared kody to a cult leader . puterman said , " i can ' t speak for everyone , but i believe in the concept of love . it ' s sad to say that tlc ' s capitalizing on those who don ' t . " former actress and television personality nancy grace criticized the show and said she believed kody brown should go to prison , but she would bet he would based on utah ' s history of overlooking polygamy . christine seifert , an associate professor of religion at lds college in salt lake city , said the show could give viewers who are unfamiliar with the lds church the incorrect impression that polygamy is tolerated by the lds church . other commentators have taken notice of the fact that the show ' s religious themes are downplayed in sister wives . = = = ratings = = = according to nielsen media research , the january 11 , 2010 , one @ - @ hour premiere episode of sister wives drew 1 @ . @ 26 million viewers , a strong rating for the week . it was the best series debut for tlc since cake boss launched in 2009 and was a stronger rating than any of the season premiere for hbo ' s big love . the three episodes of the first season were each a half @ - @ hour episode , with two broadcast together each week . in the second week , the first episode drew 1 @ . @ 05 million viewers , while the second drew 2 @ . @ 87 million . the third week saw similar results , with 1 @ . @ 87 million viewers watching the first episode and 2 @ . @ 05 million watching the second . sister wives had its strongest ratings during the fourthand every episode of the second season , with 2 @ . @ 67 million viewers for the first episode and 2 @ . @ 74 million for the season finale . as a result of the 2 @ . @ 67 million average viewership for the two episodes , tlc ranked first among all ad @ - @ supported cable networks in the 18 – 49 and 25 – + age groups . the series drew double - and triple @ - @ digit ratings gains in all three demographics and ranked first among ad @ - @ supported cable network ratings during its time slot . = = litigation = =