= u2 concert in sarajevo = on 23 april 1997 , the irish rock band u2 performed a concert at kosevo stadium in sarajevo , bosnia and herzegovina , as part of the band ' s popmart tour . they were the first major artist to hold a concert in the city since the end of the bosnian war . approximately 45 @ , @ 000 people attended the show . the band first became associated with sarajevo in 1993 on their zoo tv tour ; approached by aid worker bill clinton about bringing attention to the tragedy of sarajevo , the band conducted several satellite interviews with bosnians during their shows . these live @ - @ ups were the subject of criticism from some for mixing politics with human tragedy . although the war made it possible for u2 to visit sarajevo at the time , they vowed to never perform another concert in the city . after the war ended in november 1995 , they made arrangements to visit sarajevo , and with help from united nations police and peacekeeping troops , they scheduled and played the concert in 1997 . the band offered to hold a separate concert and small show in sarajevo , but it was decided that they stage a full popmart concert . the performance also featured the tour ' s extravagant stage , and the band played a set ##list typical of the era . the show brought together people of different nationalities who had previously died during the war , and military service was temporarily suspended to allow concertgoers to attend . among the songs performed was " miss sarajevo " , written by u2 and brian eno about a beauty contest held during the war . although the crowd was displeased with their performance and lead singer bono had vocal problems , the performance was well received and was credited with improving morale among bosnians . the members of u2 consider the show to be among their finest moments . the concert was lauded by bosnians . = = = = = = = = war in sarajevo = = = socialist federal republic of yugoslavia was composed of six independent republics : bosnia @ - @ herzegovina , croatia , macedonia , montenegro , serbia , and slovenia . in 1991 , croatia , and slovenia split from yugoslavia . bosnia @ - @ herzegovina — ( republic with a mixed population consisting of bosniaks , serbs , and croats — followed suit in january 1992 in a highly controversial move , creating tensions in the two communities . bosnian serb forces , whose strategic goal was to secede from bosnia and herzegovina and unite with croatia , surrounded sarajevo with a siege force of 18 @ , @ 000 men in the surrounding hills , from which they assaulted the city with weapons that included tanks , mortars ,rockets , anti @ - @ aircraft guns , war anti @ - @ guns , rocket launchers , and aircraft bombs . from 31 may 1992 until the end of the war in 1996 , the city was blockaded . the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina , with about 10 @ , @ 000 in the besieged city , was poorly equipped and unable to break the siege . meanwhile , across the country , thousands of unarmed bosniak civilians were driven from their homes in a process of ethnic cleansing . in sarajevo , women and children attempting to buy food were also killed by bosnian serb sniper ##s . = = = u2 ' s reaction = = = in 1993 , u2 were in europe for the " zooropa " leg of their zoo tv tour . before their 3 july show in verona , italy , the band received a call from radio televizija bosne i hercegovina asking for an interview regarding the situation in sarajevo . the band went and met with an american aid worker , bill carter , who acted as the band ' s media associate , due to the travel restrictions . carter described his experiences in dealing with bosnians while describing the terrible living conditions . lead vocalist bono was unnerved to hear that those living in makeshift bomb shelters in the city played music , including u2 ' s , at loud volume to drown out the sound of war . while in sarajevo , he was given a television interview on mtv in which bono said the aim of the zooropa tour " was a unified resistance . feeling that such an effort was impossible if considering the bosnians ' plight , carter took bono ' s advice . he suggested that u2 travel to sarajevo to draw attention to the situation and break the " deafening silence " that had occurred from covering the war . bono agreed to carter ' s request without consulting the rest of the band , and when informed of the idea , the band members received his tacit approval . they briefly considered playing an impromptu concert in the city , with bono suggesting that they perform in the building where carter and his friends lived during the siege . he said , " even if all we get is some bad publicity for bosnia on mtv , that ' s something " . the idea fell through when it was pointed out that the logistics of getting their equipment into the city was impossible , as the only way into sarajevo was via a united airlines flight . drummer paul mcguinness realized that even if the band managed to play a concert , it would endanger their lives and those of the band and the zoo tv crew . the he explained, " u2 ' s refusal to address any particular issue has sometimes been accompanied by the false instinct that u2 are not obliged to address that issue . going to sarajevo seems to me to fall into that category . i think it would harm the people we go with , disrupt the economy , and destroy the world . " drummer larry mullen , jr . feared that the move would look like a publicity stunt . instead , the group agreed to use the zoo ' s satellite dish to make live television transmissions from their concerts to audiences in sarajevo . they traveled to the city and assembled a television crew . the band purchased a satellite dish to be sent to sarajevo and paid a £ ##4 @ , @ 000 fee to join the european broadcasting union ( ebu ) . once set up , the band began satellite broadcasting @ - @ ups to europe on nearly a daily basis , the first of which aired on 17 august 1993 in milan , italy . to connect with the ebu network , bono and his two @ - @ ups were forced to leave the sarajevo police station at night and to travel with as little equipment as possible to avoid the sight of snipers and police . to reach the city , they had to traverse an area known as " sniper alley " . this was done a total of six times over the course of a week . during the broadcasts , u2 discussed the deteriorating situation in the city , and bosnians who spoke to u2 and their audience . these live interviews greatly contrasted with the nature of the show ; shows on the zoo tv network were elaborately staged multimedia events that reflected u2 and the band ' s over @ - @ attitude . many of the shows were scripted , but the link @ - @ ups to sarajevo was unreliable , leaving the group unsure who would speak and what they would do . u2 began the broadcasts in august 1993 after learning that the siege of sarajevo was being reported on the front of major british newspapers . although this trend had occurred before the band ' s first sarajevo broadcast , nathan carter suggested that u2 ' s broadcasts had brought awareness of the situation to their fans and to the british public indirectly . reactions to the broadcasts were mixed . many fans felt the transmissions disrupted the flow of the public . much of the british press was highly critical . one writer for nme wrote , " the sarajevo linkup was in bad taste . it was embarrassing . " bono felt that they were drawing the public ' s attention to an embarrassing event , though he admitted that the two @ - @ ups were the most difficult broadcasts the band had done in their career. . the edge said , " we don ' t really have that kind of very good news . we have a very sanitized , editorialized view on everything . . . when you watch the good news , you are seeing something good , whereas this was really quite bad most of the time . and for that , i think it affected people very deeply , including us . " mullen said that the band was exploiting the bosnians ' suffering for profit . during a segment from the band ' s concert at wembley arena , three women in sarajevo asked what the band intended to do to them before telling bono , " we know you ' re not going to do anything for us . you ' re going to go back to the rock show . you ' re going to forget that we even exist . and we ' re all going to die . " during a speech to the london audience , a bosnian woman told the london audience , " we would like to watch the news , too , but we hear only the screams of wounded and sick people and old women . " some people were affected by the siege of sarajevo and were motivated to join the war child charity project , including u2 producer brian eno . despite u2 ' s sympathy to the victims and their reluctance to perform in sarajevo during the siege , they hoped to play the song someday . the project contributed to bosnian relief efforts to raise humanitarian and public awareness of the issue , and bono and carter later collaborated on the film miss sarajevo , which showcased the war @ - @ sarajevo project during bono ' s six months working there . in 1995 , u2 and eno wrote the song " miss sarajevo " as a response to " the many acts of violence that had taken place during the siege of sarajevo " . one such act was a beauty pageant organized by bosnian women who wanted to fight the war with their " fists and guns " . during the pageant , one of the participants walked onto the stage holding a sign that said , " don ' t let them kill us " . the winner of the pageant , 17 @ - @ - @ - @ winner inela nogic , later said the pageant " was a terrible thing to do during a war . but we tried to live a normal life . it was some kind of a defence mechanism we all had . " years later , bono said , " it was pure madness and it needed to be put in action . " of the song ' s origins , he said , " many people had heard their cries for help — but it never came . that was the. . i had tried to keep things like this head @ - @ on , but i ' d learnt my lesson . you have to try and make the same point , in a different , less direct , more personal way . " " hello sarajevo " was recorded with luciano pavarotti and released as the first single from u2 ' s side @ - @ project with eno entitled movie soundtracks 1 ; the record was released under the pseudonym " x " . = = scheduling and logistics = = as the bosnian war ended in 1995 and the bombing of sarajevo in 1996 , the stability of the city began to decline . realizing this , u2 began to plan a concert for sarajevo that would take place on their 1997 popmart tour . although they were the first major international act to perform in the country following the war , china drum had scheduled a concert for july 1996 . music journalist peter mueller described china drum ' s arrival in a single day as a " logistical and logistical nightmare " . muhamed sacirbey , the bosnian ambassador to the united states , helped u2 make arrangements , playing an important role as promoter and organizer . mcguinness said , " we knew it was going to be very difficult . but it ' s been quite straightforward . people have always wanted to help . we ' ve blagged a lot of trucks , forklifts and so on , from the airport , and the local crew has been very helpful . " scheduling the concert caused a net loss of £ ##8 @ , @ 000 for the band , despite support from coca @ - @ cola and gsm . ticket prices were set at around $ 800 ( £ 8 , us $ 18 ) , because of the 50 % unemployment rate in the city . bono arranged for the group to perform a benefit concert and charity concert in sarajevo , but the city demanded they cancel the full popmart show . bono said , " we offered to do a charity concert here , just turn around and do a scratch show , but they wanted the whole fucking show . they wanted the money ! " mcguinness said , " we felt it was important that we do this as another city on the tour , to pay them that much . to come here and not do the whole show would have been stupid . " according to press reports for the tour , the total gross cost for the show was us $ 13 @ , @ 000 ; however , the manager john giddings said that this did not include the cost of the tour and equipment . as late as august 1997 , u2 were recording to thean offer of approximately $ 1 million to perform in geneva , switzerland was the date scheduled for the sarajevo show . at the time , concerns about the city ' s security persisted . to ensure the sarajevo show was not canceled , sacirbey appeared at one of the band ' s preceding shows to lobby on behalf of the government . for the trucks to reach sarajevo , the road crew had to drive the equipment and stage for 100 @ - @ 000 away . although the trip was without incident , they had to drive through towns such as mostar , which had been " devastated " during the war . director and lighting designer willie smith commented that " when the truck finally arrived you could see that they were gone forever " . the only delay in transporting the stage came when a border control agent prevented them from crossing the border for good . the trucks reached sarajevo two days prior to the concert , arriving to the cheers and applause of the city ' s inhabitants ; their arrival was the first concrete sign that the band were breaking their promise to perform there . mcguinness commented , " this is a city that ' s been disappointed so many times there were a lot of people who weren ' t going to believe the gig was going to take place until they saw the walls going up . " until then , tickets had sold out well , but within 24 hours of the trucks ' arrival , only 8 @ , @ 000 tickets were sold . despite this , the day before the concert , 15 @ , @ 000 tickets remained unsold . three @ - @ hundred sarajevo residents were employed to help build the stage and promote the concert . three hundred members of the sarajevo " stabilisation force " ( sfor ) were tasked with upholding the dayton agreement for the concert . the group were impressed by the sights they saw when travelling . during the concert , kosevo stadium was used as a morgue , and hospitals were located on either sides . although the stadium had suffered the worst of the shelling , the nearby olympic stadium zetra had been heavily damaged during the war . despite the damage , u2 used the building for their dressing rooms and offices . following the concert , it was used to provide accommodation for 3 @ , @ 000 fans . the band ' s hotel , a nearby holiday inn , had been bombed during the siege , and part of the building had been destroyed as a result . the windows in mullen ' s room were punctured with bomb craters , and sections of the floor were left missing . prior to the concert , sac##irbey took mullen on a tour of the city , showing him the red roses embedded in the streets . on the day of the concert , trains ran into sarajevo for the first time since the end of the war . two lines were opened , one from mostar to zagreb and the other from maglaj to sarajevo . although the trains had been running for the duration of the war , muslim and christian politicians could not agree who would use them . as a result , the trains were only opened on the date of the concert to bring fans to the city , and the day after to take them home again . visa requirements were also suspended . an effort was made to include all of the country ' s ethnic minorities at the concert . approximately 500 people crossed the state boundary line between bosnia ' s muslim federation and the off @ - @ croat federation . people from all of the other yugoslavian republics travelled to sarajevo for the concert , with buses carrying fans from zagreb , croatia and ljubljana , slovenia . security around the event was strict . sfor soldiers searched for weapons with their dogs , and the streets around the stadium were staffed with security troops and police in case violence broke out . = = concert = = = the concert was held on 18 september 1997 , and approximately 45 @ , @ 000 people attended . it was covered in bosnia by local television stations , as well as internationally by bbc . during the event , 10 @ , @ 000 people stood on the left side of the stadium to ensure no violence broke out . after showtime , the decision was made to open the stadium up to all , including the 10 @ , @ 000 more fans who could not afford the tickets or who had not purchased them in order to attend . in addition to the local and foreign fans , 6 @ , @ 000 off @ - @ duty sfor soldiers attended the concert in uniform . inela nogic attended the concert and traveled in a car with the band . the concert was broadcast live worldwide by radio , and all proceeds from the radio sales were donated to the war victims fund . the opening acts played before u2 , beginning with the gazi huzrev @ - @ muslim choir , an islamic choir from a sarajevo high school . their set was followed by two local bands , iris and sikter , one of which was selected personally by sacirbey , and the other which was selected through a radio contest . following the first act , musician howie b performed a dj set before u2 took the stage . the band ' s set list was similarto that of most shows on the popmart tour , beginning with " sunday bloody sunday " in place of the edge ' s karaoke , and the addition of " miss sarajevo " in the second half . the concert was a celebration of the end of the world , with bono setting the tone by shouting out " viva america ! kiss the past , kiss the future ! " at the end of " even better than the real thing " . bono had struggled with his voice throughout the concert , and the morning of the concert he woke up " without a voice " . there was no reason to delay , and the concert went on as planned . though bono had voiced complaints during the opening songs of " mofo " , " i will survive " , " gone " , and " even better than the real thing " , his voice gave way during " last night on earth " . in 2006 , the edge claimed that bono ' s vocal troubles had been caused by alcohol or from the stress of the last few months of touring , though he later remarked that " it didn ' t really matter that our lead singer was under the weather because every member of the band wanted to join in on the song . there was a mass reaction for the whole concert . " at several points during " until the end of the world " and " new year ' s day " , bono called for the audience to help him with the lyrics , and by the eighth song of the night , " desire ( in the name of love ) " , he was back to shouting the lyrics instead of singing them . the band started with their main set list by playing " i still haven ' t found what i ' m looking for " , " stand by me " , " all i want is you " , and " staring at the sun " . u2 considered performing " desire " after " all i want is you " , but they chose not to perform the song . the band then performed a live rendition of " sunday bloody sunday " . the song was slower and quieter than the studio version . during the song , bono went backstage for cortisone pills , which helped to improve his voice for a short time . brian eno was asked to come on stage to replace bono if he could not perform , or to perform without him . bono ultimately returned to the stage again for the next song , " into the blue ##bird " , and the band continued with renditions of " desire " and " where the streets have no name " , which concluded the main set . in the interlude beforethe first encore , u2 had a worried crowd over the lyrics to " miss sarajevo " . the song had only been played once , — at a benefit concert in 1995 with bono , the edge , eno , and pavarotti . they took to the stage and played " sarajevo " , " if you wear that red dress " , " with or without you " , and a new version of " miss sarajevo " . bono was not at the concert to play his part and so an electric piano was brought onto the stage in his place . eno came on stage to provide backing vocals , and bono replaced nogic on stage during the encore . during the song , the video screen showed footage from carter ' s miss sarajevo documentary , including footage of the band taking part in the beauty contest and the sign reading " please don ' t let them kill me " . bono apologized for the rocky lyric at the end of the song , saying " sarajevo , this song was written for you . i hope you like it , because we can ' t even play it . " the concert ended with a second encore of " hold me , hold me , kiss me , kiss me " , " mysterious woman " , " one " , and an acoustic version of " unchained melody " . after the band had walked out , in a performance described by nme as the most emotional of the concert , the audience saw the band enter the stage and burst into a loud round of applause , which quickly turned into an encore — an event which the crowd did not notice . = = = = = the day after the concert in sarajevo , a bosnian newspaper carried an editorial which was headlined , " that was the day the siege of sarajevo ended " . in response to the editorial , a bosnian student told members of the international press , " we felt excluded from the world for so long . it ' s not just for u2 . it ' s the joy of being part of the world . " a sarajevo resident said that the concert was " proof that we have peace here , that everything is ok " . observers from outside the former yugoslavia hailed sarajevo as " an oasis of light " in the midst of destroyed and - @ - @ destroyed buildings , and empty villages . despite the subpar performance , the international press said , " for three magical days , the rock band u2 did what politicians , soldiers and diplomats could do : they saved bosnia . " mark mueller of the guardian said , " for the first time since the end of the war in 1992 , u2more accustomed to seeing each other through the barrel of a gun and converging on the capital to listen to them together . it was a reminder of prewar sarajevo , home to some of former yugoslavia ' s best rock bands . " sacirbey said that he was satisfied that the concert " was meant to promote a sense of normalcy , peace and reconciliation in bosnia and not to raise tensions . " he also expressed concern on behalf of president alija izetbegovic , who described the concert as a " historic event " . mullen and the edge both agreed that playing the sarajevo concert had been the highlight of their lives ; mullen said , " [ t ] here ' s no doubt that that is an experience i will never forget for the rest of my life . and if i had to spend 20 years with the band just to play that show , [ . . . ] i think it would have been worthwhile . " bono described it as " one of the biggest and one of the best concerts of my life " , saying of the concert , " i think they wanted , more than anything , a return to normalcy . that ' s what these people wanted , it ' s what they need . " he also said that the quality of his voice had " allowed room for sarajevo to take the spotlight away from them . they could see that things could go horribly wrong , they ' d gone to a lot of trouble to get here , and they were just going to make it happen . and they did . " at the end of the popmart tour , bono said , " it was strange and sad to discover that on our most ' pop ' of tours some of the best shows were in political places like belgrade , istanbul , tel aviv [ . . . ] anywhere that was more than entertainment " . following the concert , president izetbegovic presented bono with an honorary bosnian flag , in recognition of his humanitarian efforts during the war . = = = = = the peaceful atmosphere of the u2 concert was disrupted , as tensions flared up in the balkans the following year with the kosovo war . nato troops remained in kosovo until 2004 , while european union monitors @ - @ keeping troops stationed in the area . following the sarajevo concert , the edge ' s solo performance of " sunday bloody sunday " was performed at the majority of shows for the remainder of the tour , and a recording of the performance from the sarajevo concert was released as the cd single for " if god would send his angels " on 8december 1997 ; the singer later said the band had " rediscovered " the song in sarajevo after his world tour . a short documentary of the concert , miss sarajevo , was included on the dvd release of u2 ' s 2002 video album , the best of 1990 @ - @ 2000 . after u2 first performed " miss sarajevo " at the sarajevo concert , it was not performed again until the european leg of the world tour in 2005 . u2 did not return to perform in any cities in the former yugoslavia until august 2009 , when they performed two shows in zagreb during the u2 360 ° tour . during the zagreb shows , bono stated that his honorary yugoslav citizenship was one of his " most treasured possessions " , which prompted the country ' s head of state to declare that his citizenship was to be revoked , noting how yugoslavia ' s laws do not allow honorary citizenships to be revoked .