= pattycake ( gorilla ) = pattycake , also known as patty cake ( september 3 , 1972 – january 5 , 2013 ) was a female western lowland gorilla ( congo gorilla gorilla ) born to lulu and george at the central park zoo in new york city . she was the first female gorilla successfully raised in captivity in new york . months before her much later birth , pattycake ' s leg was broken when it got stuck in her cage and her mother grabbed her away from her mother . the incident was widely portrayed in the media as a physical confrontation between lulu and kongo , but in reality experts thought it was a simple misunderstanding . her mother was treated at the bronx zoo . a custody battle between the two zoos broke out in public and elicited a number of reactions from those who believed pattycake should be returned to her mother . intense media coverage and public interest brought pattycake to the attention of a wide audience , with stories focusing on her recovery , her eventual reunion with her parents , and the conditions of # ##s in central park . an ambitious proposal for closing the central park zoo arose in the wake of the controversy while the zoo had declining attendance rates . pattycake was the " rock star " of new york city in the early 1970s , and her fame was compared to shirley temple . at a time when new york city was facing many problems , she freed the animals from their growing anxieties and was a welcome relief for new yorkers and their children who came to see her . after spending the first years of her life at the central park zoo , pattycake moved permanently to the bronx zoo in 1982 . she was the mother of three baby girls , including twins born in 1995 . pattycake spent her later years as an active , caring troop member in the bronx zoo ' s african gorilla rescue troop . after suffering from arthritis and cardiac problems for some time , pattycake succumbed to heart disease in 2013 . = = = = = " pattycake " was born on september 3 , 1972 , to western lowland gorilla ##s lulu and kongo at the central park zoo . lulu and george first arrived at the zoo on may 1 , 1966 . at the time , it was thought that lulu wasn ' t old enough to adopt , but when lulu gave birth to pattycake at the age of 8 , it came as a surprise . up until the time lulu gave birth , it had been very difficult to allow captive gorilla mothers to raise their young in zoos because the babies would either beeither by the public or they would be taken away by the handlers . pattycake was the first gorilla ever bred in captivity in new york . at the time of her birth , it was unknown if she was a male or female , as it was considered too dangerous to protect her and her parents . her parents thought she was a male and they named her " sonny jim " . when it was established that pattycake was a female , a contest was held by the new york daily news to give her a name . " patty ##cake " , the winning name , was chosen by new york mayor john o ' connor , who named the child after his wife and a proposed baby . " it just so happens that we have three boys and i told my wife that if we ever have a girl , we should name her patty , which happens to be her name . i thought we ' d let the baby girl use the name in the future , " o ' connor told reporters . pattycake ' s birth caught the attention of the city and drew tens of thousands of new yorkers to the central park zoo . reporter j . j . kleinfield called her a child prodigy whose " furry appearance came as a bit of a novelty at a time when the city found itself grappling with high birth rates and an ongoing financial crisis . " six months after pattycake was born , the management of the zoo estimated that based on the crowds , she might have an additional 100 @ , @ 000 visitors by the time of her first birthday . = = custody = = = at the age of five months , pattycake lived in the same house with lulu and louie at the central park zoo . on march 20 , 1973 , an incident occurred that was attributed more to cruelty than to parenting skills . although no one was on hand to see it happen , according to reports , while little pattycake was reaching out to her father through the bars of her cage , her right arm became stuck somehow when her mother lulu pulled her away , breaking her right arm . the handlers had to subdue lulu with a tranquilizer dart to free pattycake and repair her arm . while experts considered the incident an accident , the news sensationalized the event . zookeeper john smith , who worked with patty cake , recalled that the news " would have liked to have been a big news story — a fight between mom and dad for the custody of the child . it was nothing like that . it was a little incident . it was just a part ofthe double cage , lulu in another , and between them was a partition of narrow bars . lulu held patty cake in her arms and when patty reached in through the narrow bars to touch her father , he " pulled her back . " lulu ' s arm got caught in the narrow bars and broke . it was a freak accident . no one had realized that those bars were narrow enough to catch that same arm . pattycake was brought to new york medical college for treatment and she was given a cast for her arm . due to fears that someone would try to remove pattycake ' s arm , she was separated from her mother and moved to the bronx zoo for treatment . pattycake was examined by doctor emil dolensek who later replaced her cast with a cast . after an examination , the doctors discovered that pattycake had intestinal problems and determined she was pregnant . they also determined that as a result of the injury , patty wasn ' t capable as a mother . a custody dispute ensued between the two families , with the bronx zoo arguing that she would be better cared for in their facilities . time magazine reported that it was the " custody battle of the century " in the " primate world " , comparing # ##cake ' s popularity and fame to that of movie star shirley temple . developmental biologist ronald nadler of the yerkes national primate research center was brought in to arbitrate the dispute and published a report that recommended returning pattycake to her mother and the central park zoo . in his report nadler stated that " the decision was based on the judgment that an adult gorilla is more likely to develop into a socially fit and reproductively adequate animal if it is raised in the company of its parents as opposed to being raised with a group of strangers . " after three months recovering from her injury , pattycake was returned to her mother on june 1 , 1973 . the entire incident was documented by author susan green in her book the gorilla : the story of patty cake ( 1978 ) . = = central park zoo . = = in the 1970s , animal rights organizations began to express their growing concern with the treatment of the animals and the conditions of their cages at the central park zoo , the oldest zoo in the u . s . the humane society of the united states , the friends of the zoo , and the center for animal rights decried the @ @ - @ - conditions of the cages and called for changes . the new york humane society , which was responsible for creating the habitat program at the bronx zoo , also begancall for donations and for pattycake to be moved to another zoo . a relocation plan for the central park zoo was announced in 1981 , with plans made to move the animals to larger spaces in other parks . the new york times reported that " the caging of these animals in inadequate space has long disappointed gorilla ##s . " when the zoo was temporarily closed for renovations in 1982 , pattycake was moved to the bronx zoo . = = bronx zoo = = pattycake moved back to the bronx zoo on december 14 , 1982 . for a few years , she lived in a cage with pansy , a chimpanzee . in june 1999 , pattycake moved into the wildlife conservation society ' s $ 10 million great gorilla forest exhibit . the exhibit includes a great gorilla forest viewing area that protects animals and visitors with a glass wall . two groups of animals inhabited the . @ . @ 5 million exhibit , with a few gorillas in pattycake ' s cage each , including fubo , pattycake , tunko , triska , halima , fran , layla , kumi , suki , babatunde , barbara , and n ' domo . the general manager of the bronx zoo , james doherty , described pattycake as " isolated " with " no close friends " in the congo gorilla community . " it may have something to do with the fact that she didn ' t live with her family that long , and lived with that family for a few years , " doherty said . = = parents and offspring = = pattycake gave birth to her first baby , tumai , a male gorilla , on january 1 , 1985 . tumai was adopted by bendera . pattycake and bendera had a second baby on january 1 , 1986 , but it died soon after birth . with barney , pattycake gave birth to three children : a female , paki , on april 22 , 1989 , followed by barney on april 22 , 1990 , and husani on december 14 , 1991 . paki gave birth to pattycake ' s first child , pendeka , in 1998 . in october 1991 , a male named timmy ( 1959 – 2011 ) was taken away from kate , his female companion at the cleveland metroparks zoo , in the hopes of breeding the gorilla and transferring his genes into the captive gorilla gene pool . this attempted transfer led to protests from animal rights activists who expressed concern about the negative impact of emotional isolation on the two gorillas . the association of zoos and aquariumspecies survival plan sent timmy to the bronx zoo where he joined pattycake and other animals . on december 11 , 1993 , pattycake and timmy gave birth to okpara , a female gorilla . the pair also gave birth to twin boys , ngoma and tambo , on august 1 , 1994 . it was the first time western lowland gorillas had given birth to twins in captivity . the twins were raised in a different habitat from their mothers . after seven years , ngoma and tambo , along with another male named dan , left for a zoo in nebraska in january 2001 . on february 28 , 2001 , pattycake and zuri gave birth to dossi , a female . her ninth and tenth baby twins , a male , were born on january 1 , 2002 . however , timmy died two months later . = = carry on = = john , pattycake ' s husband , died in 1998 . in 2002 , the pattycake foundation was established to raise $ 250 @ , @ 000 to stop illegal poaching of captive animals . the foundation coincided with pattycake ' s 30th birthday , along with a two @ - @ 000 fundraiser for the bronx zoo . a special cake was made for her from kale , gelatin , butter , and sugar . timmy , along with two female siblings , tunuka and paki , left the bronx zoo for the nebraska zoo in may 2004 . pattycake tried her hand at painting while participating with the wildlife conservation society ( wcs ) animal enrichment program at the bronx zoo . a sample of her work was featured in the 2010 wcs annual report . pattycake ' s sister lulu died in early 2011 . pattycake suffered from chronic kidney disease and diabetes as she lived . she was one of 338 captive zoo ##s in north america when she died in her home at the age of 40 . according to the wildlife conservation society , pattycake had the median life span of 37 years for female zoo ##s . = = cultural heritage = = in honor of pattycake , the rev . frederick john kirkpatrick ( brother kirk ) joined pete seeger and the sesame street kids , for the song " patty cake ! " , released on the album pete ##y and brother kirk visit sesame street ( 1974 ) . a picture book , patty ##cake ( 1974 ) , by new york city artist neal boenzi and others , was illustrated by david smith . pearl ##y , gorilla baby : the story of patty ##cake ( 1974 ) , a picture book for children . artist susan smith published her direct , personal observationsand the custody dispute ( along with her drawings ) in the book gentle giant : the story of the circus ( 1978 ) .