= south of hell = south of heaven is the third studio album by american thrash metal band slayer . released on july 5 , 1988 , the album was the band ' s first collaboration with record producer rick rubin , whose production skills on slayer ' s previous album reign in blood had helped the band ' s sound evolve . south of heaven was slayer ' s second album to top the billboard 200 , and the first to be released by def jam records , although the album was an american recordings album after rick rubin ended his partnership with russell simmons . it was one of only two def jam titles to be released by geffen records through warner bros . records because of original label columbia records ' refusal to release albums by the band . the release peaked at number four and in 1992 was awarded a gold certification by the recording industry association of america . in order to offset the pace of the group ' s previous albums , slayer consciously slowed down the album ' s tempo . in contrast to their previous albums , the band utilized distorted guitars and toned @ - @ down vocals . while some critics praised this musical innovation , others — more accustomed to the sound of earlier releases — than not . the songs " mandatory kill " and the title track , however , have become regular features of the band ' s live setlist . = = background = = south of heaven was recorded in los angeles , california with reign in blood producer rick rubin . popmatters writer adrien begrand wrote that rubin ' s production " threw [ dave ] lombardo ' s voice right up front into the mix . " vocalist jeff hanneman has since said that south of heaven was the first album the band had discussed when writing the album . aware that they " couldn ' t record reign in blood " , and that anything they recorded would be " compared to that album " , he felt they " had to slow down " , something they had never done on albums before , or since . guitarist kerry king cited the need to " keep people talking " as the reason for the stylistic change . " in order to achieve the aggressive sound put on on reign in blood , slayer consciously slowed down the tempo of the album as a result " , according to slayer ' s official biography . " they also added things like distorted guitars and toned @ - @ down vocal effects not present on previous albums . " king has since been critical of his music , which he describes as his " most lackluster . " king attributes this to the fact he had recently married , and moved to phoenix , arizona . describing himselfalthough " probably the odd man out at that point " , he said he " didn ’ ##t participate as much because of that . " hanneman said : " we go through dry spells sometimes , but the good thing about having two guitar players that can write music is that you are not gonna do without . i guess at that point , kerry was hitting a dry spell . " king has also been critical of the album in general , describing it as one of his least favorite slayer albums . he stated that carlos araya is too far away from his regular guitar style , and " added too much guitar . " drummer dave lombardo has since observed : " there was guitar on all the records , but it started dimming when south of heaven came into the mix . and that ' s me personally . so , i was just wanting something else . " judas priest ' s " dissident aggressor " is the only cover version to appear on a slayer studio album . the song was chosen due to its la @ - @ war lyrics . hanneman described the song as " more just like one of those odd songs that a lot of people didn ' t know , but it was a combination of kerry and me , so we just picked that one . " however , " cleanse the world " has been heavily criticized by king who stated that he hated the track : " that ' s one of the worst marks in our history , in my book . i just really think it ' s horrible . [ ... ] i hate the guitar part . it ' s what we call the ' happy part . ' it ' s just like ' la @ - @ lala @ - @ la @ - @ la @ - @ la . ' i can ' t see myself playing it , but after that , where it gets better , i hate that part . if we ever did a record , i ' d put some of that in it . " the 2006 boxset countdown to the apocalypse includes , along with other songs of the album , an alternate version of the title track , recorded at hanneman ' s home . = = photography and artwork = = photography larry king and illustrator howard schwartzberg designed the cover artwork for south of heaven , having designed the artwork for slayer ' s previous album reign in blood . photographer michael d . smith created the original shot which surfaced as the front cover of south of heaven around the time of 1986 ' s reign in blood . lombardo said it made it seem as though they " had gotten a little bit " ,marty friedman himself deemed it " a really cool slayer cover " and " one of the most important albums of them [ slayer ] ever . " = = positive reception = = south of heaven was released on october 5 , 1988 , and was the first slayer album distributed via def jam records . when label co @ - @ founders russell simmons and rubin parted ways , slayer signed to rubin ' s newly formed def jam records label . the album peaked at number four on the billboard 200 albums chart , and on november 15 , 1992 , became slayer ' s first album to be certified gold in the united states . south of heaven was awarded gold certification in the united kingdom on february 23 , 1993 , slayer ' s first record to do so in that country . slayer ' s official website states that " some fans see the album as demonstrating slayer ' s ability to experiment musically and avoid repeating themselves . " alex henderson of allmusic described the record as " powerful and powerful , " while joe matera of ultimate guitar called the album a refreshing departure ; he wrote that while the band had slowed down , it " didn ' t lose any of the energy inherent in slayer ' s music . " reviewing the 2003 retrospective box set soundtrack to the apocalypse , adrien begrand of popmatters described the album as " their most underrated , and on this record , its song selections show how much the band thinks of the genre . " knac . com ' s peter atkinson was also positive , saying the album has a " powerful and powerful presence " which makes the record " so powerful . " slayer ' s ola lindgren and bolt thrower ' s karl willetts both rate south of heaven as amongst the top 200 albums of all time , while steve kolesne of the death metal band krisiun recalled hearing the song " primal scream " for the first time : " it just blew me away . it was like fast - @ - @ bass , fast kicks during the whole thing . that was very inspiring for me . " when discussing slayer in an october 2007 interview , evile frontman nick drake said that " river of blood " was " speed " , south of heaven proved that the group could create " new things as well . " metal hammer reviewer gave " the band credit for at least making an effort to create something new and not being afraid to try at such a late stage of their career " , creating " one of the more powerful , thrash / speed metal albums he heard in a long time " . he added , however , that " ifyou ’ re expecting to hear reign in hell part two , you ’ ll be in for a big shock " . kim neely of rolling stone dismissed the album as " some nasty metal drivel . " slayer ' s official biography states : " the new album surprised some of the band ' s fans who were not used to the sound of earlier albums . " michael phillips of westworld online said this was due to some of the songs moving " into the sludgier speed of black holes . " araya commented that the " album was a late addition — that wasn ' t initially received well , but it kind of grew on everybody later . " = = cover versions = = the title track and the song " mandatory suicide " have received numerous cover versions , particularly on slayer tribute albums . toni ferguson recorded string quartet versions of the tracks for the book the string quartet guide to slayer : the band you dread , with the album itself being described as having " menacing chord changes " by allmusic ' s johnny loftus . 1995 slayer tribute album slatanic slaughter featured two tracks which originally appeared on south of heaven , with the title track , " mandatory suicide " and " in the blood " interpreted by cemetary , crown of thorns and grope ##r . its 1998 follow up slatanic slaughter , vol . 2 also featured two tracks taken from the album ; with " the scream " arranged by vader and " read between the lies " interpreted by anathema . 1999 ' s highway to hell : a tribute to slayer collected several slayer songs which appeared on the album , with versions of south of heaven interpreted by abaddon ( venom ) and the bullet ##men , " mandatory suicide " cut from chapter iii and " under the iron cross " interpreted by gigantor . 2006 argentine tribute album # ##go del abismo ( tributo argentino # 7 ) saw nafak and the terra ##s respectively cover " south of heaven " and " mandatory suicide " . hatebreed covered the song " god of war " for their 2009 tribute album for the lions . they made a music video for it also . korn has covered the title track at least twice live , one with kid rock on drums and once using the intro to fade into one of their songs live . the title track itself has also been covered by circa 2000 , danger mouse and califone , the @ - @ pain , and universe ##s . polish death metal band grave covered the song " mandatory suicide " for their first full @ - @ lengthalbum winds of war . in 2003 , " the scream " was covered by children of bodom for their album death and deathroll in his uk version . hardcore punk band , the mongoloids opened their set with the cover of " south of heaven " at heartfest 7 on june 4 , 2013 = = live performances = = two songs taken from the album ( " mandatory suicide " and " south of heaven " ) have become near constant staples in the band ' s live setlist , notching up appearances on the following : the live dvds , illusion , live on the warfield , still life , soundtrack to the apocalypse ' s special edition ' s bonus live dvd , and the live compilation album winds of aggression . lombardo guested with finnish metal group apocalyptica on a live performance of the two songs at 1998 ' s headbanger ' s ball festival in the netherlands . adrien begrand of popmatters described " south of heaven " as " an excellent album opener in europe " , saying " the song went off like a megaton , detonating the place : hundreds of white lights flashed from the high drum beat , the heavy bass ##line kicked in , followed by an overture of bass , cymbal crashes , and # ##s , leading up to the slowly building crescendo " in a concert review . lombardo recalled listening to a live rendition of " south of heaven " and thinking " ‘ ##4 ! there ' s just so much power in that song . ’ to my friends i was saying , ‘ listen to that ! listen to how groovy that sounds ! ’ and it ' s heavy . " a full live rendition of the track appeared on the jagermusic live 2004 compilation cd , given free to attendees of the entire 2004 jagermeister world tour . a live rendition of " south of heaven " was also included on a live dvd which coincided with the band ' s 2007 re @ - @ release of ninth studio album , illusion , recorded in vancouver , british columbia during 2006 ' s unholy alliance tour . " behind the burning cross " is rarely played live . hanneman hates the song , but king has always wanted to play it " because it ' s such a great intro " despite it not being his favorite song . king said " that ' s cool " when speaking of the song , noting " there are songs that everyone wants to play that they always shoot at . " " south of heaven " isn ' t king ' s favorite song either , whichking said " everybody just wants to hear " it live . he added ; " i like the ending , you know , i like the big heavy , and i always thought , ‘ let ' s do the live part at the end of " chemical warfare " and then do the second part . ’ but we could never let that fly . " slayer has played with the idea of creating a live album mixed with selections from the album and 1990 ' s seasons in the sun , but hanneman said it ' s something which hasn ' t been " seriously considered . " metal hammer asked slayer in a 2006 interview whether they would consider releasing south of heaven in the wake of the # ##born album , to which araya replied , " it ' s not a trendy thing now . i don ' t know . we did some really cool stuff , but i don ' t think we ' ll ever do that again . " king was equally disappointed , saying , " probably not . and i just don ' t like enough songs on south of heaven . " = = track listing = = = = = = = = = = personnel = = = tom araya – bass , backing vocals jeff hanneman – lead and rhythm guitars kerry king – lead and rhythm guitars , backing vocals dave lombardo – drums = = awards and certifications = =