= harold innis = harold john innis ( / ˈɪnɪs / ; november 5 , 1894 – november 8 , 1952 ) was a canadian professor of political economy at the university of toronto and the author of influential works on economics , communication theory , and canadian political history . despite his long and difficult prose , innis was one of canada ' s most influential economists . he helped develop the staples thesis , which holds that canada ' s culture , political history , and economy have been fundamentally shaped by the production and export of a series of " staples " such as fur , fishing , sugar , oil , mined resources , and coal . the staples thesis dominated economic theory in canada until @ - @ theory , and is still used by scholars . innis ' s works on economics explore the role of media in shaping the culture and economy of canada . he argued , for example , that a distinction between oral and written forms of communication dates to the flourishing of egyptian civilization in the 4th century bc . he argued , however , that western civilization was being destroyed by new , powerful @ - @ , being obsessed by " present @ - @ mindedness " and the " continuous , systematic , ruthless pursuit of elements of permanence essential to cultural activity " . his intellectual relationship with eric a . ##kson formed the foundation of the “ canadian school of communication ” which provided a source of inspiration for later leaders of the school : marshall mcluhan and edmund william carpenter . innis laid the foundation for scholarship that looked at the social sciences from a distinctly canadian point of view . as the head of the university of toronto ' s political science department , he attempted to build up a network of canadian universities so that they would not continue to rely as heavily on british or american @ - @ trained professors unfamiliar with canada ' s history and culture . he was successful in establishing sources of financing for canadian academic research . as the cold war grew hotter after 1947 , innis grew increasingly hostile to the united states . he warned britain that it was becoming a subservient power to its much more powerful american neighbor . " we are all fighting for our lives , " he said , referring especially to the " growing power of american advertising . . . . we can only win by taking persistent action at strategic points against american imperialism in all its attractive forms . " his early @ - @ americanism influenced many later scholars , including donald creighton . innis also tried to defend canada from political and economic influence . he believed that independent universities , research centresof this knowledge , was essential to the survival of human civilization . his intellectual friend and former student , marshall mcluhan , lamented innis ' s early death as a disastrous loss for human understanding . he wrote : " i am inclined to think of my recent book the psychic galaxy as a footnote to the writings of innis on the subject of the mind and its effects , first of writing then of speaking . " = = rural roots = = = = = early life = = = harold adams innis was born in 1894 on a small livestock and grain farm near the community of otterville in southwestern ontario ' s oxford county . as a child he loved the rhythms and routines of rural life and he never forgot his rural roots . his mother , mary adams innis , affectionately named him ' herald ' , hoping he would become a minister in the strict evangelical baptist church that she and her husband william shared . at the time , the baptist church was an important part of life in rural areas . it gave rural people a sense of community and embodied the values of individualism and freedom . the baptist @ - @ run areas were often run by a religious , bureaucratic government . innis became an agnostic in later life , but never lost his faith in god . according to his friend and biographer donald creighton , innis ' s character was moulded by the church : the strong sense of duty and the feeling of devotion to the church , which were so characteristic of him in early life , were derived , in part at least , from the instruction conducted so zealously and effectively within the severely unadorned walls of the baptist church at otterville . innis attended the one @ - @ room schoolhouse in otterville and the community ' s high school . he travelled 20 miles ( 32 km ) by train to woodstock , ontario , to complete his secondary education at the baptist @ - @ run school . he intended to become a baptist @ - @ run teacher and passed the entrance examination for teacher training , but had to take a year off to earn the money he would need to educate himself at the ontario teachers ' college . at age 18 , therefore , he returned to the one @ - @ room schoolhouse in otterville to teach for a year until the woodstock school board could recruit a fully qualified teacher . the experience made him realize that the life of a teacher in a small , rural school was not for him . = = = university . = = = in october 1913 , innis started classes atmcmaster university ( now in toronto ) . mcmaster was a natural choice for him because it was a liberal university and many students who attended woodstock college studied there . woodstock ' s liberal arts curriculum encouraged critical thinking and debate . innis was greatly influenced by john ten broeke , the university ' s one @ - @ - history department . ten broeke asked an important question that innis pondered for the rest of his life : " how do we attend to the classes to which we attend ? " during his final undergraduate year at carleton , innis spent a year teaching at the northern star school in the frontier farming community of landonville near vermilion , ontario . the experience gave him a sense of the future of canada . he also learned about western issues like high interest rates and steep living costs . in his final undergraduate year , innis focused on history and economics . he had in mind a point made by his mentor r . s . mackenzie that the economic aspect of history was not the only important one , but that it was the truth . = = = = world war service = = = after graduating from university , innis felt that his christian principles led him to enlist in the canadian expeditionary force . he was sent to france in the summer of 1916 to fight in the first world war . trench warfare with its " dust and lice and rats " had a devastating effect on him . innis ' s role as an artillery observer gave him firsthand experience of life ( and death ) on the front lines as he participated in the successful canadian attack on vimy ridge . observers , or spotters , observed where each artillery shell hit , then sent back aiming corrections so that the artillery shells could hit their targets more accurately . on september 7 , 1917 , innis received a serious gunshot wound in his right arm that required eight months of hospital treatment in toronto . innis ' s war was over . his biographer , john watson , notes the physical damage took two years to heal , but the emotional damage lasted a lifetime . innis suffered from bouts of depression and physical exhaustion because of his military service . he also notes that the great war influenced innis ' s religious outlook . it strengthened his christian nationalism ; strengthened his opinion of what he thought were the negative effects of technology , especially the communications media that was used so effectively to " sell " the war ; and led him , for the first time , to doubt his baptist faith . = = graduate school = = = = = princeton and chicago == = harold innis completed his bachelor of arts at harvard , graduating in april 1918 . his thesis , entitled the returned soldier , " was a detailed study of the social policy measures that were needed , not only to create a social milieu to help people get through the trauma of the war , but also to carry on with national development " . innis continued his postgraduate work at the university of chicago and was awarded his phd in may 1920 . his early years at chicago had a profound influence on his later life . his interest in economics deepened and he decided to become a professional economist . the economics faculty at chicago emphasized classical and liberal neoclassical theories , then in vogue , arguing that general explanations for economic behavior should be derived from empirical case studies . innis was influenced by the university ' s two eminent communications scholars , george herbert mead and charles e . park . although she did not attend any of these two scholars ' classes , innis did share their ideas that communication was much more than the transmission of information . david a . carey writes that mead and park " defined communication as the social process whereby a person is brought into existence , developed over time , and integrated into society " . while at chicago , innis was exposed to the ideas of thorstein fischer , the german thinker who drew on his extensive knowledge of history and philosophy to write scathing critiques of contemporary politics and culture . veblen had left germany years before , but his ideas were still strongly held there . years later , in an essay on fischer , innis criticized him for waging war against " standardized static economics " . innis got his first taste of university teaching at chicago , where he taught several introductory economics courses . one of his students was mary quayle , the woman he would marry in may 1921 when he was 26 and she 19 . together they had four children , donald ( 1924 ) , mary ( 1927 ) , hugh ( 1930 ) and ann ( 1933 ) . mary quayle innis was herself a notable journalist and author . her autobiography , an economic history of canada , was published in 1935 . her biography , stand on a rainbow appeared in 1943 . her other books include mrs . simcoe ' s diary ( 1965 ) , the clear path : canadian women and their lives ( 1966 ) and unfold the years ( 1949 ) , a history of the young women ' s christian association . she also edited harold innis ' s collected essays in canadian economic history ( 1956 ) and a 1972 reissue of his life and the . == = history of the railway = = = harold innis wrote his phd thesis on the history of the canadian pacific railway ( cpr ) . the construction of canada ' s first national railway in 1885 had been a watershed moment in canadian history . innis ' s thesis , eventually published as a book in 1923 , can be seen as an early attempt to document the railway ' s history from an economic historian ' s point of view . it provides voluminous evidence to support its arguments . innis argues that the difficult and expensive construction process was motivated by fears of european domination of the canadian west . innis argues that " the history of the canadian pacific railroad is essentially the history of the spread of western civilization across the northern half of the north american continent " . as robert babe notes , the railway brought industrialization , manufactured goods and food supplies to manufacturing cities . it was also a source of communications technology that contributed to the spread of western civilization . babe notes that , for innis , the railway ' s equipment " was a massive , hard @ - @ moving , fast @ - @ moving , complex , and @ - @ intensive ' sign ' thrown into the very hands of indigenous peoples , whose entire way of life was disrupted , and eventually destroyed as a result . canadian scholar john kroker argues that innis ' s study of the canadian pacific railway was among the first in which he attempted to show that " technology is not something external to human being ; but on the contrary , is the fundamental , and inevitable consequence of its existence " . it also reflects innis ' s growing interest in the development of economic and political power . his cpr thesis ends , for example , with a recounting of canadian grievances against national policies , such as high freight rates and the steep ##er tariffs imposed to protect fledgling western industries . he believed that this national policy funnelled profits from western farmers into the pockets of the western business establishment . " western canada " , innis argues , " has paid for the development of western civilization , and it would appear that it will continue to grow . the acquisitiveness of eastern canada shows little sign of it . " = = phd thesis = = harold innis is considered the leading proponent of a canadian school of economic thought known as the staples theory . it holds that canada ' s culture , political system and economy have been fundamentally shaped by the production and consumption of a series of " staples " such as fur , fish , dairy , wheat , mined metalsand fossil fuels . innis argued that this reliance on these natural resources made canada dependent on more economically advanced countries and resulted in periodic disruptions to economic life as the international demand for staples rose and fell ; as the staple itself became increasingly scarce ; and , as technological advances resulted in shifts from one country to others . innis pointed out , for example , that as food became scarce and trade in that staple declined , it became necessary to import and export other staples such as salt , potash and especially lumber . the transport of these important staples was made possible through improved transportation networks that included first roads , and later , railroads . = = = " dirt " research = = = in 1920 , innis joined the department of political economy at the university of toronto . he was hired to teach courses in commerce , economic history and economic theory . he decided to focus his academic work on canadian economic history , a hugely neglected subject , and he focused on the fur trade as his primary field of study . furs had brought french and english traders to canada , motivating them to travel west along the country ' s interlocking lake and river systems to the pacific ocean . innis realized that he would not only have to search through archival documents to understand the history of the fur trade , he would also have to travel the country himself gathering masses of historical information and experiencing what he called " dirt " research . thus , innis travelled extensively beginning in the summer of 1924 when he and a friend took an 18 @ - @ foot ( 18 @ . @ . m ) canvas @ - @ foot canoe hundreds of miles down the peace river to lake athabasca ; then down the mackenzie river to great slave lake . they completed their journey down the mackenzie , canada ' s longest river , to the pacific ocean on a small hudson ' s bay company tug . during his travels , innis supplemented his economic research by gathering information on other canadian products such as lumber , pulp and paper , tobacco , grain and fish . he traveled so extensively that by the early 1940s , he had visited every province of canada except for the maritime provinces and the east coast of hudson bay . everywhere innis found his findings exactly the same : he interviewed people connected with the production of these products and listened to their stories . = = = fur trade in canada = = = harold innis ' s interest in the relationship between empires and nations was developed in his first study , the fur trade in canada : an introduction to canadian economic history ( 1930 ) . thehe chronicles the trade in canadian fur from the early 16th century to the 1920s . instead of focusing on the " heroic " european explorers who explored the canadian interior as conventional historians had done , innis documents how the interaction of geography , technology and social forces shaped both the fur trade and canada ' s political and economic development . he argues that the fur trade had determined canada ' s development and that the trade " emerged not in spite of geography but because of technology " . the fur trade in canada primarily describes the cultural interactions among three groups of people : the europeans in the metropolitan centres who regarded beaver hats as luxury items ; the european * ##ists who saw beaver fur as a staple that could be exported to pay for essential manufactured goods from the mother country , and first nations peoples who traded it for industrial goods such as iron ##ware , knives , guns and liquor . innis emphasizes the central role first nations peoples played in the development of the fur trade . without their skilled hunting skills , knowledge of the land and specialized tools such as axes , toboggans and birch @ - @ bark canoes , the fur trade would not have flourished . instead , dependence on european technologies transformed first nations societies . " the european technology with its radical innovations " , innis writes , " brought about such a rapid growth in the canadian native population as to lead to the destruction of the peoples concerned by warfare and disease . " historian carl berger argues that by placing first nations peoples at the center of his analysis of the fur trade , innis " was the first to describe adequately the development of indigenous peoples under the influence of european technology . " unlike many historians who see canadian history as beginning with the arrival of europeans , innis emphasizes the cultural and economic contributions of first nations peoples . " we have not yet established , " he writes , " that the man and his culture was fundamental to the growth of canadian civilization . " the fur trade in canada begins by arguing that its economic development can best be understood by examining how one staple eventually gave way to another — - to timber , for tobacco , and the widespread cultivation of wheat and minerals . dependence on staples made them economically dependent on more industrially advanced products and the " cyclonic " shift from one staple to another caused major disruptions in the country ' s economic development . = = = = = = = = after the publication of his book on the fur trade , innis turned to a study of an earlier staple — the fish fished for food off the eastern coasts of north america , especiallythe grand banks of newfoundland . the first was the cod fisheries : the story of an atlantic trade published in 1940 , 10 years after the fur trade study . innis tells the complex history of competing empires and the development of a teeming natural resource — a period that ranges over 500 years . while his study of the fur trade focused on the continental divide with its interlocking rivers and lakes , the cod fishery looked outward at global trade and development , showing the far @ - @ binding effects of the staple product trade on european nations and on british colonies such as newfoundland , nova scotia and new england . = = communications theories = = harold innis ' s study of the effects of canadian lakes and rivers on canadian culture and its development sparked his interest in the complex economic and political relationships between cultural systems and technology . during the 1930s , innis also began studying pulp and paper , an industry of central importance to the world economy . this study provided an important crossover point from his work on staple products to his communications studies . historian paul heyer writes that innis " followed pulp and paper through its various stages : newspapers and magazines , advertising and advertising . in other words , from looking at the natural resource @ - @ binding , he turned his attention to a cultural system in which information , and ultimately knowledge , was a resource that circulated , had value , and empowered those who used it . " one of innis ' s primary contributions to communications studies was to apply the concepts of time and space to communications media . he divided media into time @ - @ binding and space @ - @ binding types . time @ - @ binding media are durable . they include clay and stone tablets . space @ - @ binding media are more ephemeral . they include broadcast media such as radio , television , and general circulation newspapers . innis used the rise and fall of ancient civilizations as a way of studying the effects of communications media . he looked at factors that led to the collapse of an empire ; those that sustained it during brief periods of growth , and then , the political changes that hastened an empire ' s collapse . he sought to show that these ' changes ' toward time or space created the key factors necessary to sustain an empire . these changes included the balance between the knowledge ( and ideas ) necessary to create and maintain an empire , and the power ( and knowledge ) required to maintain and defend it . for innis , the balance between knowledge and power was always a key factor in an empire . innis believed that a balance betweenthe spoken word and writing contributed to the flourishing of ancient civilization in the time of plato . this balance between the time @ - @ biased medium of speech and the mass @ - @ biased medium of writing was further upset , innis argued , as the oral tradition gave way to the dominance of writing . the torch of empire then passed from athens to rome . harold innis ' s study of the influence of media on the rise and fall of civilization led him to conclude , that western civilization was now facing its own profound crisis . the rise of powerful mass media such as mass @ - @ circulation newspapers had shifted the balance , in terms of information and power , over time , continuity and knowledge . the balance necessary for cultural change had been upset by what innis saw as " primitive " mass media used to transmit information quickly over long distances . these factors had led to an obsession with " present @ - @ mindedness " bringing out concerns about past and future . innis wrote , the overwhelming pressure of mechanization , in the newspapers and the magazine , has led to the rise of vast channels of communication . their increasing power required a continuous , systematic , systematic destruction of elements of permanence essential to cultural activity . western civilization could only be saved , innis argued , by recovering the balance between space and time . for him , that meant preserving the oral tradition in universities and freeing institutions of higher learning from political and commercial pressures . in his essay , a plea for dialogue , he suggested that genuine dialogue within universities could produce the critical analysis necessary to restore the balance between power and knowledge . thus , universities could muster the courage to challenge the pressures that always imperil civilization . although innis remains known and respected for the innovative and unique nature of his research efforts and communications theories , he was not without critics . particularly , the fragmented and fragmented writing style used in newspapers and magazines has been described as ambiguous , aggressively mass @ - @ oriented , and missing connections between levels of information . biographers have suggested that this tendency may have been a result of innis ' depression late in his life . = = personal and professional career = = = = = = in the 1930s = = = = from his work on the cod ##a , innis wrote extensively in the 1930s about other agricultural products such as potatoes and wheat as well as america ' s immense economic problems in the great depression . during the summers of 1932 and 1933 , he travelled to the us to study the effects of the depression for himself . the next year, in an essay entitled , the canadian economy and the commonwealth , innis described the situation of " a country susceptible to the slightest @ @ - @ swell of international disturbance " , yet beset by regional differences that made it difficult to devise lasting solutions . he described a provincial economy dependent on the cultivation of wheat , yet afflicted by severe shortages , on the one hand , and the increased bargaining power of canada ' s growing cities , free from direct reliance on the free market , on the other . the result was political conflict and a breakdown of federal – provincial relations . " we lack the information on which to base our efforts to address this crisis " , innis wrote , because of " the weakened position of the social sciences in canada " . innis ' s reputation as a " public intellectual " was growing , and , in 1934 , premier angus a . macdonald appointed him to serve on a royal commission to study nova scotia ' s economic situation . the next year , he helped establish the canadian journal of economics and political science . in 1936 , he was made a full university of toronto professor and a year later , became the head of the university ' s department of political science . innis was appointed president of the canadian political science association in 1938 . his presidential address , on the penetrative powers of the price system , must have surprised his audience as it ranged over periods of considerable time jumping wildly from one topic to the other from monetary developments to patterns of consumption and production . the address was an ambitious attempt to show the economic effects of new technologies culminating in the modern shift from an industrial system based on coal and iron to the newest forms of economic power , coal , oil and steel . innis also tried to demonstrate the economic potential of large circulation newspapers , made possible by mass - production , and of the new medium of television , which " sought to circumvent the barriers erected by tariffs and to expand across markets previously denied to other means of communication " . both media , innis argued , stimulated the demand for consumer goods and both encouraged trade . innis was also a major participant in an academic project that produced 25 scholarly volumes between 1936 and 1945 . it was a series called the peoples of canada and the united states overseen by robert h . shotwell , director of the carnegie endowment for international peace . innis edited and wrote chapters for the volumes published by the scholars . his own study of the cod ##ification ##s appeared as part of the series . his friendship with shotwell enabled innis to gain access to carnegie money tofurther in academic history . as john lewis points out , " the university offered one of the best sources of research funds during these lean times " . = = = politics and the great depression = = = the era of the " dirty thirties " with its high unemployment , poverty and poverty gave rise to new canadian political movements . in alberta , for example , the christian evangelist william " bible bill " aberhart led his populist social credit party to power in 1935 . three years earlier in edmonton , alberta , social democrats had formed a new political party , the co @ - @ operative commonwealth federation or ccf . it advocated democratic socialism and a market economy with common ownership of all industries . william underhill , one of innis ' s colleagues at the university of toronto was a founding member of the ccf . innis and underhill had both been members of an influential group at the university that declared itself " dissatisfied with the direction of the two major [ political ] parties in canada " and that aimed at " building a definite base of political thought " . in 1931 , innis presented a paper to the university entitled " economic problems in canada " , but he later recoiled from involvement in party politics , describing partisans like underhill as " @ ##heads " . innis maintained that scholars had no interest in canadian politics and that instead , they should devote themselves , first to research on economic issues , and then to the production of knowledge based on critical thought . he saw the university , with its emphasis on open , open @ - @ mindedness and scholarship , as an institution that could encourage such inquiry and research . " the university could provide an environment " , he wrote , " as free as possible from the influence of the various parties that dominated the government , so that canadian intellectuals could continue to seek out and explore other perspectives . " although sympathetic to the plight of western ##ers and poor , unemployed workers , innis did not embrace socialism . eric havelock , a close @ - @ @ colleague wrote many years later that innis preferred the " ideas " imported from europe , especially those based on marxist theory with its emphasis on class conflict . he believed , however , that as canada ' s relationship with europe deteriorated , the country would fall under the spell of socialist ideas instead of developing its policies based on canada ' s economic situation . he added : he has been called the radical economist of his generation — not a bad example of a complex mind , clear sighted , in , perhaps , bottom pessimistic , and where thinkerswe would label ' who ' : less difficulty in making a decision ; more ability to select from one or two elements in a complicated equation in order to build a new @ - @ order , or order ; far greater ability and intellect to take in the whole sum of the elements , and understand their often contradictory effects . = = = late life and death = = = in the 1940s , harold innis reached the height of his influence in american academic circles and canadian society . in 1941 , he helped found the canadian @ - @ = economic history association and its journal of economic history . he later became the association ' s first president . innis played a central role in founding two important sources for the funding of economic research : the canadian social science research council ( 1940 ) and the humanities research council of canada ( 1944 ) . in 1944 , the university of new brunswick awarded innis an honorary doctorate , as would his alma mater , mcgill university . universite laval , the university of toronto and the university of glasgow would also confer honorary degrees in 1947 – 48 . in 1945 , innis spent about a year in the soviet union where he had been invited to attend the 220th anniversary celebrations of the founding of the country ' s academy of sciences . there , in his essay reflections on russia , he wrote about the contrast between the soviet " producer " economy and the west ' s " consumer " economy : [ a ] n economy which emphasizes consumer ' s goods is characterized by manufacturing industries largely dependent on advertising and by constant pressure to reach the desired audience of readers or listeners ; an economy emphasizing producer ' s goods is characterized by manufacturing industries largely dependent on government support . as a result of this contrast , a common public opinion between russia and the west was difficult to define . innis ' s visits to moscow and leningrad occurred shortly before u . s . – international tensions escalated to the hostility of the cold war . innis lamented this rise in international tensions . he saw the soviet empire as a stabilizing counterbalance to the british empire ' s emphasis on commercialism , the market and constant change . for innis , russia was a society within the western tradition , not an alien country . he abhorred the nuclear arms race , seeing it as the triumph of faith over fear , a modern version of the spanish inquisition . " the middle ages burned the heretics " , he wrote , " and the modern world destroys them with atom bombs . " in 1946 , innis was elected fellow of the royal society of canada , the country ' s senior bodyof scientists and scholars . that same year , he served on the manitoba royal commission on higher education and published political economy and the modern state , a collection of his speeches and papers that covered both his staples research and his new work in economics . in 1947 , innis was appointed the university of toronto ' s dean of graduate studies . in 1948 , he delivered lectures at the university of oxford and nottingham university . he also gave the 1949 beit lectures at oxford , which published in his book empire and communications . in 1949 , innis was appointed as a commissioner on the federal government ' s royal commission on transportation , a role that involved extensive travel at a time when his health was starting to fail . the last decade of his life during which he worked on his communications work was an unhappy one for innis . he was often criticized because his colleagues in canada could not understand how this new work related to his previous research on economic development . biographer john watson writes that " the almost total lack of positive response to the communications research , contributed to his sense of overwork and depression " . innis died of lung cancer in 1952 a few days after his 58th birthday . in addition , innis college at the university of toronto and innis hall at mcgill university were named in his honour . after his early death , innis ' significance gradually diminished as scholars in several academic disciplines continued to build upon his work . john poe ' s general media theory that proposes the sub @ - @ theories was inspired by innis . john c . clark built on of innis ' " markets for capital " theory of economic development by applying it to regional development in the united states and other countries . in 1952 , james e . carey adopted innis as a " reference point in his conception of two modes of communication " . = = innis and carey = = marshall mcluhan was a student of innis ' s at the university of toronto . as a young economics student , mcluhan was furious when he learned that innis had placed his book the mechanical age on the reading list of the fourth @ - @ year economics class . mcluhan built upon innis ' s idea that in studying the effects of communications media , technological progress mattered more than content . historian john heyer writes that innis ' s concept of the " nature " of a particular medium of communication can be seen as a " less flamboyant precursor to mcluhan ' s legendary phrase ' the medium is the medium . ' " innis , forthus , trying to show how written media such as books and newspapers were " biased " toward control over social and political events , while other media such as coins or clay tablets were " biased " in favour of changes in social and cultural or historical context . mcluhan focused on what may be called the medium ' s " sensory bias " arguing , for example , that books and newspapers appealed to the rationality of the mind , while television played to the sanity of the ear . the differences between the innisian and mcluhanesque positions are summarized by the late james w . carey : " mcluhan and innis emphasize the importance of communication technology ; where they differ is in the principal kinds of effects they see coming from this technology . whereas innis sees media as principally affecting social order and behavior , mcluhan sees its principal effects on political organization and thought . mcluhan has much to say about perception and behavior but little to say about politics ; innis has much about institutions and little about organization and thought . biographer john watson notes that innis ' s work was more political while watson ' s was not . watson writes that " the mechanization of communication , not the relative sensory bias of media , is the key to innis ' s work . this also explains the politicization of innis ' s work vis @ - @ a @ - @ to that of mcluhan . " watson notes that innis believed that other media could produce similar effects . " for innis , the yellow pages of the united states and the nazi loudspeaker had the same kind of negative effect : they reduced men from thinking machines to mere puppets in the chain of command . " watson notes that while mcluhan viewed media according to their sensory bias , innis saw a different kind of interrelationships , the " dialectic of power and knowledge " in specific historical contexts . for watson , innis ' s work was therefore more political and more critical than mcluhan ' s . as students and teachers , innis and mcluhan shared a similar dilemma since both believed that dominant media tended to favor fixed points of view and homogeneity of ideas ; they both wrote similar books . in his introduction to the 1964 reprint of the history of communication , mcluhan marvelled at innis ' s technique of juxtaposing " his insights into a mosaic world of seemingly unrelated and disproportioned ideas and aphorisms " . he arguedthat although this made reading innis ' s original prose available — " a wealth of insights that are not packaged for the general palate " — innis ' s method approximated " the traditional form of conversation or conversation rather than of academic discourse " . best of all , it yielded " insight " and " personal recognition " rather than the " classified knowledge " typically overvalued by the @ - @ trained scholars . " how exciting it was to meet a writer whose every phrase required prolonged meditation and exploration " , macdonald wrote . macdonald ' s own writings with their emphasis on aphorisms , phrases , quips , " observations " and oddly timed observations also exemplified this new approach . innis ' s theories of political economy , media and society were highly influential : he had a profound influence on contemporary political theory and theory and , in collaboration with macdonald , developed new theoretical perspectives on the function of communication technologies as key agents of social and historical change . together , their works developed a view of society in which technology is central to social change and change .