= = cathedral of the holy ascension of god = the patriarchal cathedral of the holy ascension of god ( bulgarian : патриаршеска катедрала „ свето възнесение господне “ , patriarsheska katedrala „ sveto vaznesenie gospodne “ ) is a medieval bulgarian orthodox cathedral in the city of veliko tarnovo , in southern central bulgaria . located on top of the fortified tsarevets hill in the former territory of the second bulgarian empire , the cathedral was the seat of the bulgarian patriarch from its construction in the 11th – ##th centuries to its destruction in 1393 . standing on top of a late roman basilica , the cathedral , reconstructed in the 1970s and 1980s , has a large @ - @ scale roof with a bell tower and a triple dome . richly decorated on both the exterior and interior , its internal walls now contain modern frescoes , the lack of which has meant that it has not been reconsecrated . although still used as a christian place of worship , it has been open for visitors since 1985 . = = = = = the current cathedral of the holy ascension of god was not the first christian church to occupy the position on top of the tsarevets hill . it was built directly on top of a late roman ( possibly byzantine ) basilica which dates to the 5th – - century ad . the byzantine basilica may have remained in use by the christian congregation during the first bulgarian empire , but it was no longer active by the time the construction of the current cathedral began . the original construction of the patriarchal cathedral is considered by some to have been done in two stages . the first phase of construction was carried out in the late 11th century or the 12th century . the church was originally built as a monastery church in the middle of a monastery compound , though by the late 13th century it was already the seat of the bulgarian patriarch . the compound suffered large @ - @ scale damage caused by a fire , which necessitated the church ' s reconstruction in autumn of the 14th century , probably during the rule of tsar ivan alexander of bulgaria ( r . 1331 – - ) . besides repair and reinforcement work , work on the church in the 14th century also included the construction of the exonarthex and the bell tower . there are several references to the church in written sources . the earliest reference to the church tells of the transfer of the michaelthe saint ' s relics from the potuka came to the patriarchal cathedral on the order of emperor kaloyan ( r . 1197 – 1207 ) . the housing of a warrior saint ' s relics in the patriarchal cathedral reflects the incessant persecution against greeks and latins that dominated kaloyan ' s reign . in the late 14th century , the bulgarian metropolitan of tarnovo , metropolitan evtimiy , described the church as the " holy warrior ' s cathedral of the holy ascension " in his testament . another possible reference to the church may be in a marginal note from 1358 to a copy of the acts of the apostles . in the note , the copyist , john laloe , thanked god and the " holy and most holy church " for having finished his work on the manuscript . scholar bistra nikolova believes this to be an reference to the byzantine church , which may have patronised the church . alternatively , the copy could have been kept at the cathedral ' s scriptorium , where laloe may have studied . the church is also depicted in the medieval sketch of tarnovo in the codex menaion , a menaion service ##book written in the late @ - @ 14th century and later moved to kronstadt ( now bucharest , romania ) after the fall of bulgaria under ottoman rule . the byzantine cathedral was destroyed after the ottomans captured the bulgarian capital during their conquest of tarnovo on 17 july 1393 . the church was fully restored in the 20th century ; reconstruction works were carried out by a team under architect boyan kuzupov . these commenced in 1978 and were completed in 1981 , to celebrate bulgaria ' s 1300th anniversary . however , it was not until september 1985 , when the restored works were finished , that the church was opened once again for visitors . the church ' s ruins have been protected as a national monument since 1927 ; in 1967 , they were declared an architectural monument of culture of national significance . as part of the tsarevets nature reserve , it is also listed among the important tourist attractions of bulgaria . = = location and date = = the old cathedral of the holy ascension of bulgaria is located on top of the tsarevets hill , overlooking the modern city of veliko tarnovo . the church was part of a group of buildings which constituted the seat of the bulgarian patriarchate and served as the capital and the country ' s main cathedral . the fortress on tsarevets was a fortress of its own , with afour walls and an entrance on its west wall . the patriarchal church stands in the middle of its courtyard . the current cathedral features a triple nave , the central nave of which matches the apse of the original church on the site . the triple @ - @ naved church follows the traditional greek cross @ - @ and @ - @ square design . built out of crushed stones and mortar with limited brickwork , it measures 26 by 12 metres ( 85 ft × 39 ft ) . the church includes two narthices , a bell tower and two burial grounds attached to the south east wall . the presence of a bell tower is considered to be a rarity in balkan church architecture . six columns support the dome and distinguish the altar from the cella ( naos ) . it is unclear whether the church had a synthronon ( wooden altar for the clergy ) in the past , as there are doubts that its remains may actually be part of the older church . the church featured ample exterior and interior decoration . while the walls were decorated with arches and ceramic tiles , the exterior floor mosaics were made of white , yellow and red marble as well as decorated @ - @ in gemstones like sapphire and ruby . the interior walls were decorated with frescoes and paintings . however , none of the interior decoration has survived . during the church ' s 20th @ - @ century restoration , the interior was repainted by artist teofan sokerov , who depicted important moments of medieval bulgarian history in a realistic style . due to these murals , the church has never been reconsecrated and remains incomplete . the facade of the church also includes a stone with a saint ' s icon of a bulgarian saint , which ended up being part of the building material . there are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church , two of which are reserved for pilgrims . one of the burial grounds is called the exonarthex , where the tombs were built in the 14th century . besides michael the warrior ' s tomb , the cathedral also housed the remains of bulgarian emperors michael ii , macarius and joachim iii .