= daydream ( mariah carey remix ) = daydream is the fifth studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on october 21 , 1995 , by columbia records . the first @ - @ up to her more successful albums music box ( 1993 ) and holiday / merry christmas ( 1994 ) , daydream differed from the others , leaning increasingly towards r & b and hip hop . throughout the album , carey collaborated with walter afanasieff , with whom she wrote and produced three of her four previous albums . with daydream , carey had more control over the musical direction as well as the album ' s composition . carey said she considered it the beginning of her musical and artistic evolution , a change that became more apparent with her sixth album butterfly ( 1997 ) . during the album ' s production , carey had some creative differences with her label and producer tommy mottola . on daydream , carey collaborated with jermaine dupri for the first time , and co @ - @ wrote and produced a song with kenneth " babyface " edmonds , with whom she had collaborated on music box . it was also the first time she had collaborated with boyz ii men , an r & b group consisting of four male vocalists . together , they wrote the concept and lyrics for " one sweet day , " a song that carey co @ - @ produced with afanasieff . with his assistance and the addition of a few other producers , she was able to make a successful transition into the r & b market . it was nominated for the grammy awards at the 38th annual ceremony , during which carey performed live . due to the album ' s critical and commercial success , many believed carey would be one of the year ' s big winners . however , to her dismay , she was repeatedly turned down , causing the award to become very public and controversial . she left the award ceremony empty @ - @ handed . three singles were released from the album . the first single " butterfly " became the first single by a female artist to debut at number one on the us billboard hot 100 and went on to top the chart for eight weeks and became the second best @ - @ selling single of 1995 in the us . the song topped the charts in australia , canada , and new zealand and became the best @ - @ selling hit in finland , ireland , and the united kingdom . the second single " one sweet day " topped the billboard hot 100 for sixteen weeks and became the longest @ - @ running number one single in american history, a record it still holds . it also topped the charts in canada and new zealand and peaked within the top ten in australia , france , germany and the netherlands . jointly , the singles from it spent a combined six weeks at the top of the hot 100 . to promote it , carey embarked on the short but successful , daydream world tour , visiting japan and europe . at the time of its release , daydream was carey ' s best @ - @ reviewed album . critics universally praised her matured lyrics and songwriting , as well as her musical direction . the album was an international success , peaking at number one in nine different countries , and in the top five in almost every major music market . daydream became carey ' s second album to be certified platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) , denoting sales of ten million copies in the united states . aside from its success in the united states , the album reached the top five of the best @ - @ selling albums in japan by a top @ - @ asian artist , with the @ . @ 10 million copies sold . daydream remains one of the best @ - @ selling albums of all time , with 25 million copies sold worldwide . = = background = = aside from being carey ' s second highest worldwide album , it stands as her most successful and directly successful album at the time . during the album ' s recording , carey grew as an artist , as well as a songwriter . for the first time in her career , carey was able to produce music that she was related to , r & b and hip hop . while columbia gave carey some leniency with the music she recorded , they were hesitant when she hit ol ' daddy # # # # # # # in the remix for " fantasy . " they felt the musical change was completely left field for her career , and worried it would ruin the album ' s success . in an interview with entertainment weekly , carey later spoke of her issues with columbia : " everybody was like ' what , are you serious ? ' they ' re talking about breaking the rules . it works to make me sing a song on stage in a long dress with my hair up . " while carey ' s new musical direction created friction between her and columbia , it began to severely affect her relationship with her manager at the time , tommy mottola . mottola had always been influential in carey ' s career , because he was the head of sony music , the parent company of her label . since the albumof carey ' s career , mottola had controlled almost every aspect of her life , keeping her sound strictly regulated and insisting that she pursue her own @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ - trip career , despite her background in hip hop . carey confessed that she had tried to end the relationship because " [ she ] used to be insecure and cautious , and that [ she ] would listen to what the people said . " however , the control mottola had over her career soon " leaked into her personal life " after they were married , increasing the level of tension between the two . soon , it was revealed that their marriage was in trouble ; as reported in a vanity fair article , " the couple began to argue at the drop of a hat . " carey became heavily involved in the project , more involved than she had ever been in an album . " i got into this phase of writing , recording , recording and doing things very fast , " she told vogue . " this time , i had more time , and i focused more on what i wanted to do . " as carey ' s career and life continued to reflect her thoughts on how it should be , her relationship to mottola continued to " evolve . " = = production and composition = = one of the first songs that carey recorded for the album was " fantasy . " as carey began developing new material for fantasy , she learned of the song " genius of love " by tom tom club . she had long been a fan of the song , and approached dave hall with the idea of creating the song ' s beat . hall created a beat that she felt suited carey ' s voice , while she used some of the other beats and wrote the lyrics . carey recorded a remix to the song as well , featuring the @ - @ hop verses from o . d . b of the infamous @ - @ tang clan , as well as vocals from hall . she spoke highly of the remix , praising hall and o . d . b , " he ' s so big in the industry , and he ' s one of the best producers out there . . . we kind of did what we both do and then o . d . b took it to another level . he was my ultimate choice , and i was very happy with the way it turned out . " " one sweet day " is a song that carey wrote with the r & b group boyz ii men . after carey ' s friend and frequent collaborator david cole died , she began writing and recording aone that would pay tribute to him and all the friends and family her fans had lost in life ' s journey . carey had the chorus and concept idea , and after meeting with boyz ii men , they realized they also had a similar idea in mind . together , using carey ' s idea and concept , as well as the melody they had produced , they wrote and recorded the song . it was produced by afanasieff , who worked on the song ' s melody and the drum grooves and samples . carey explained how the song was " meant to be " and how all the pieces fit into it : i wrote the original idea for ' one sweet day ' with him , and he had the chorus . . . and he went and said , ' i really wanna do this with boyz ii men , ' because . . . obviously i ' m a big fan of theirs and i just knew that the work was working out for them , the things that they did , so i put it together and said , ' who knows if this could ever happen , but i just don ' t wanna do this song because i want it to be our song if we can do it together . [ the ] whole idea of when you meet people that are close to you , it changes your life and changes your perspective . when they came into the studio , i played them the idea for the song and when [ they ] finished , they looked at each other , a little stunned , and told me that nat " nathan lane " had written the song for his road manager who had passed away . it was exactly the same melody and fit all the same chord changes . it was really , really cool , we finished the song right then and there . we were all kinda happy about it ourselves . fate had a lot to do with that . i know some people won ' t believe it , but we wouldn ' t call it such a sad story . as the album ' s development was underway , carey expressed interest in collaborating with jermaine dupri , whom she had been a fan of since his 1992 song , " beautiful . " soon after , carey , dupri , and manuel ##le began writing a song for the album . while seal played the piano , carey began humming and playing with other instruments in the - @ - @ section , until she came up with the melody for " you are my baby . " while the rest of the album was written and composed , carey recorded the song alongside her backup singers kelly price , shanrae price , and melonie daniels .together , they built " a lot of background vocals " to which she would respond with her signature belting vocals . the song featured a slow rhythm , while the melody was described as " sweet and sweet r & b " which displayed a " sexy and slow rhythm . " " under the influence " was the first song recorded for daydream . the song featured a " ' 70s soul vibe " as well as some record production , in order to the give the song an authentic ' 70s sound . carey felt the lyrics contained the elements needed to further display a contemporary r & b sound . additionally , she felt the song paid homage to the work of minnie riperton , who was one of carey ' s biggest musical influences growing up . the song had a soft sound , and featured " a lot [ of ] of texture " and melody , showing a more mature side to carey . for the song , carey sampled the 1982 journey song " open arms . " the song was of carey ' s own choice , as well as her own idea . working with afanasieff , they toned down the song ' s arrangement , making it a bit lighter , especially in comparison to the " raw and emotional ' one more day . ' " additionally , with the help of her backing singers , carey added a bit of gospel to the song . one of the more gospel @ - @ inspired songs on the album was " i feel free . " the song was written by carey , afanasieff and loris holland , with whom she had worked previously on white christmas . carey began humming the melody with the lyrics she had previously written , while holland played the guitar and afanasieff worked on the song ' s lyrics . , giving the song a genuine and unforced gospel feel . the chorus was simple and emotional , with people hugging and " hanging onto one another , " something that would have proved difficult for a " less skilled vocalist . " carey was leaning away from the " traditional celine dion ballad " and more towards r & b music . however , she was not going to completely abandon the type of songs that made her famous . for this reason , carey wrote " when i saw you " with afanasieff , a song that would also embody some of her previous work , as well as show off her powerful vocals . returning to her r & b roots , carey recorded " long distance " , the second song she wrote alongside dupri and west which contains a strong hip hop background . her vocals on the song were described as" glide over the heavy bassline like silk . " " melt back " was a song carey produced on her own , and co @ - @ produced with babyface . the song ' s arrangement and production were " perfect . " with each verse gliding into its chorus . according to chris nickson , " under the influence " was as " sexy as any slow song released in the nineties , and one that would find a lot of you late at night with dancers . " another song that brought back reminders of older decades was " forever . " the past was featured in the chord changes and in the way the guitar arpeggios " are at the core of the song . " the song displayed strong vocals from carey , as well as an undeniable vulnerability . " sweet interlude ( sweet fantasy dub mix ) " was one of the other tracks on the album . the song was a club remix of " forever " , which was produced and remixed by famed house music producer david foster . the song was directed to be a co @ - @ dance track , further broadening carey ' s " musical range . " the song incorporated carey ' s vocals , and added them to a thumping house beat , something she would do for many of her subsequent albums . " melt back " was the last song on the album . it was carey ' s most personal song at the time , one in which she made herself appear " vulnerable " and " stripped down ; it was written by her and afanasieff . " according to author chris nickson : " [ the song ] touched on her personal experiences , the changes she ' d gone through , and the difference between the public perception of mariah carey and the real thing . intimate and personal , it made an appropriate introduction to the album , and was evidence that mariah was growing , changing , and becoming much more herself , because of who she was and what she could do . " = = critical consensus = = daydream received universal acclaim at the time of its release . critics noted the little change of style from previous carey releases , some of whom felt that it is her best work , while others criticized it as derivative and lacking of substance . allmusic ' s senior editor , stephen thomas erlewine , gave the album four and a half out of five stars . erlewine called daydream her " best album yet " and wrote , " mariah carey really knows how to construct an album . placing herself firmly in the r & b with tracks like" fantasy , " and the adult contemporary radio format with songs like " one sweet day , " a duet with boyz ii men , carey appeals to all audiences , because of the sheer amount of craft and hard work she puts into her albums . daydream is her best album to date , featuring a consistently strong collection of songs and a truly impressive performance from carey . daydream proves that carey continues to master her craft , and that she has earned her place as an r & b / pop diva . " in his review for the album , ken tucker from entertainment weekly called it " her best record since her 1990 debut " , writing , " in fact , it ' s easily the best album carey has put out since her self @ - @ s 1990 debut , the one she most resembles in its emphasis on r & b grooves . " tucker specifically complimented " one sweet day " , " always be my baby " , " fantasy " , and " daydream interlude " ( fantasy sweet dub mix ) , writing " one sweet day , her collaboration with boyz ii men , shows a certain confidence that carey , for all the obvious hussiness of her public persona , actually allows herself to speak a song . songs like the slow tempo of " always be my baby " , and the high ##er tempo of forever . however , it ' s on what many carey fans will undoubtedly find the most memorable track , " forever interlude ( fantasy sweet dub mix ) " , that the singer truly defines herself . at her best , as she is on this clipped , spunky track , carey is a disco icon for the ' 90s , a worthy successor to trailblazing stars like donna summer and vicki ##e robinson , r & b stars with an affinity for the endless dance . " stephen holden , also of the new york times , gave the album a positive review . holden wrote the following about daydream " ms . carey ' s songwriting has taken a step forward , becoming more sophisticated , sexier , and less dependent on thudding cliches . " holden praised " fantasy " , which he wrote " with ' fantasy , ' ms . carey glides back into the era where gospel @ - @ pop , @ - @ pop , light ##hearted @ - @ hop and recorded some of the most beautiful sweet ##ky ##s to be found on a studio album . " additionally , he complimented " one sweet day , " " melt ##down , " " always be my baby " ,and " under the stars " , calling them " the best on the album " . billboard gave the album a positive review , calling it " her biggest and best album . " however , people praised the album and its production , saying " it vaults over its two predecessors because the music is much darker and heavier . carey also has more control of her instrument — her voice , more muscularity and agility . she even lays it on a little more at times when it comes to vocals , especially on the midtempo ' # ##down , ' which carey and @ - @ wrote with babyface . for the most part she buzzes from strength to strength , from the bravura vocals of ' one more time , ' a duet with boyz ii men , to the rich gospel tones of ' i am god , ' which creates a mood so churchy you can almost hear the beatles ' handheld fans snapping . " although the album was positively received by critics , carey ' s cover of journey ' s 1982 song " open arms " was heavily panned . stephen thomas erlewine criticized the song , calling it " second rate " . " open arms " received a negative review from stephen holden as well , who called it a " weak ballad " . = = chart performance = = daydream entered the billboard 200 at number one , with 224 @ , @ 000 copies sold , and reached the top spot the following week with 216 @ , @ 000 units sold , for a second consecutive week , it topped the chart with 216 @ , @ 000 units sold . it gained prominence again in the two weeks of holiday , where it peaked in the year ' s second week with 486 @ , @ 000 and 760 @ , @ 000 units , at the top . the album sold 760 @ , @ 000 units during the christmas season of 1995 , the year ' s highest sales week . it also reached number one on the r & b / hip @ - @ selling albums chart . it was the second best @ - @ selling album of 1996 , and the third best @ - @ selling album on the previous decade in the us . in the united states , it was carey ' s best @ - @ selling album , being certified diamond by the riaa ( riaa ) , denoting shipments of ten million copies . in canada , daydream debuted at number two on the chart , and was certified 100 @ - @ times platinum by the canadian recording industry association ( cria ) . the album experiencedand in europe , where it reached number one in germany , the netherlands , switzerland and the united kingdom . in france , it debuted at number two and was certified double @ - @ platinum by the syndicat national de l ' edition phonographique ( snep ) . sales in france are estimated at 800 @ , @ 000 copies . it was certified triple @ - @ platinum by the international federation of the phonographic industry ( ifpi ) , indicating shipments of three million copies throughout europe in 1996 . in australia , it was certified five @ - @ times platinum by the australian recording industry association ( aria ) , indicating shipments of 350 @ , @ 000 copies . the album finished third on the aria end of year charts in both 1995 and 1996 . in japan , the album debuted at number one on the oricon charts . according to the oricon , it reached the top five of the best @ - @ selling albums in 1995 by a non @ - @ asian artist , with 2 @ . @ 5 million copies sold . daydream is one of the best @ - @ selling albums of all time , with sales of 25 million copies worldwide . = = = = = three singles were released from daydream . " fantasy " was released as the album ' s lead single on september 12 , 1995 . the song debuted at number one on the billboard hot 100 , making carey the first female artist , and the second asian , to achieve the feat . the song spent five consecutive weeks atop the chart , as well as topping the charts in australia , canada and new zealand . in europe , " fantasy " did well , peaking within the top five in austria , belgium , france , and the united kingdom . " fantasy " was the second best @ - @ up single of 1995 in the us , with sales of 2 @ . @ 5 million . 000 ' alone . " one sweet day " was released as the follow @ - @ up single , achieving similar success . the song once again debuted at the top of the billboard charts , and became the longest running number one single in us history , spending sixteen consecutive weeks atop the billboard charts . the song was a hit in other countries around the world as well , topping the charts in canada and new zealand and peaking within the top five in australia , france , ireland , and the netherlands . released as the album ' s third single in most european countries , " open arms " was released on december 11 , 1995 . the song achieved success in the uk , ireland andnew zealand , where it peaked at number four , seven and eight . however , " open arms " charted moderately in other european countries , such as austria , france , and germany , where it peaked within the top @ - @ thirty . " always be my baby " was released as the fourth single . the song peaked at number two on the hot 100 , failing to become carey ' s first number one single ( a feat she would accomplish with " stronger " in 1997 ) . the song eventually reached and remained atop the charts for three weeks , and then held on at number one for nine weeks . " always be my baby " performed moderately in other european markets . the song peaked within the top five in canada , new zealand and the netherlands , but charted outside the top @ - @ thirty chart . " forever " was chosen as the fifth single from forever . the song was unable to chart in the hot 100 , but managed to reach the top @ - @ ten on the hot 100 airplay chart . " forever " charted moderately in canada , where it peaked at number four . " underneath the stars " was chosen as the fifth and final single from the album . described by carey as one of her signature songs , " underneath the stars " received a limited number of pressings in the us , where it charted weakly on the billboard hot r & b / hip @ - @ 100 chart . = = = = = in order to promote the album , carey embarked on her 1996 world @ - @ lining tour . initially , she had not planned to tour , due to the long travel times and hassle ; however , after many requests from fans , carey agreed to go . the tour visited australia and several european countries , not including the united states . this was possibly due to the poor response carey ' s 1993 north american music hall tour received three years earlier . the concerts were all sold out , giving carey time to practice her vocals , " it ' s very hard to sing all my songs back to back , but i ' m actually really looking forward to it . " several musicians joined carey for the tour , including michael , who served as the musical director and played the bass , dan shea on the guitar , vernon reid playing the guitar , gigi conway on the drums , and percussion and music sequencing by peter michael and john cirimelli . most of the backing and lead vocalists were under the supervision of walter afanasieff , who played the keyboards and led the band . before going on her world tour in 1996 , carey performed in the @- @ the show at madison square garden in 1995 . the show was filmed , and released as a dvd titled fantasy : mariah carey at madison square garden . it became carey ' s first dvd release . when the three japanese shows at the tokyo dome went on sale , carey set a record with all 150 @ , @ 000 tickets sold in under three hours . the shows became the fastest sellout in the venue ' s history , breaking the previous record held by the rolling stones . the shows in japan were a critical and commercial success , with critics and fans enthusiastic about the show and carey ' s performance . carey ' s presence in asia in the 90s was unparalleled to any other major tour . her international success and anticipation were often compared to the " beatlemania " of the 1990s . in an interview with mtv , carey spoke of how she enjoyed performing in asia : " first of all , you ' re in front of so many people that basically don ' t speak your language . it took a little getting used to , but i think by the end of the show , you know , everybody seemed to sort of understand . " for the show , carey sang fourteen original songs , including many of her biggest hits up until that point , as well as three songs from daydream . they included " fantasy , " " one more day , " " open arms , " " please be my baby , " " forever " and " under the stars " as well as hits from her previous solo efforts . carey ' s following shows in france , germany , the netherlands and the united kingdom sold over 150 @ - @ out as well , to positive critical response . during the course of the tour ' s seven short dates , carey had already begun working on material for her new album fantasy . according to author marc shapiro , carey ' s japanese tour was also a success , in many aspects : " the european tour mirrored the success of her shows in japan . mariah ' s appearances there were heartening experiences for the singer . the popularity – excitement , mania – of her concerts in these countries reached epic proportions . the reception the concerts received reflected the fact that mariah ' s voice broke through race and cultural barriers and had struck " a universal , emotional core with fans . the tour cemented the fact that mariah carey had emerged as the performing artist on the world stage . " in addition to touring the world , carey appeared on a variety of television programs and award shows . after " fantasy " was released in september throughout europe , carey toured the songon the popular music chart show top of the pops , which aired live via satellite on american television . carey performed " fantasy " in 1995 and at the 36th annual american music awards on november 29 , 1996 . " one sweet day " was performed at the 38th annual grammy awards , at diana ' s memorial coliseum in december 1997 , and on carey ' s black entertainment awards christmas special in 2001 . during her european promotional tour for the album , carey performed " open letter " on several television shows , including wetten , . . . ? in germany , top of the pops and des o ' connor in the united kingdom and on japanese television . = = awards and nominations = = the music industry took note of carey ' s success . she won two awards at the 1996 american music awards for her solo efforts : favorite pop / rock female artist and favorite soul / r & b female artist . throughout 1995 & 1996 , carey was awarded several major awards at the american music awards , including " world ' s best selling female r & b artist " , " world ' s best selling overall female recording artist , " " world ' s best selling pop artist " and " world ' s best selling female recording artist . " additionally , " fantasy " was named " song of the year " at the bet awards and " best song " at the black entertainment awards , where carey also won the award for " best pop song . " in 1996 , carey won several awards at the billboard music awards , including " hot rap singles artist of the year " , " hot radio airplay ( always be my baby ) , " " hot adult contemporary artist of the year " and " grammy award for 16 weeks at # 1 for ' one sweet day . ' " = = = grammy controversy = = = fantasy had proven to be one of the best @ - @ selling and critically acclaimed albums of 1995 . when the grammy award winners were announced , and daydream was nominated for five different awards , critics began raving how carey would be " swept away " that year . the 38th annual grammy awards were held on february 28 , 1996 at the shrine auditorium in los angeles . carey , as a grammy award nominee , was one of the headlining performers . along with boyz ii men , she sang a live rendition of " one sweet day , " to a very positive reception . however , as the award winners were announced one by one , carey watched as her name was not called out even once . daydream had lost three of its five nominations , leaving many critics who branded it the" video of the year " . with each passing loss , the television cameras continued to focus on carey ' s face , who was finding it increasingly difficult to keep her composure . by the end of the night , carey had not won a single award . the strain on her face was becoming obvious . while carey was nominated again the following year , she did not win again until the 2006 ceremony , when she was nominated for eight awards ( winning four ) for the emancipation of mimi . = = music videos = = carey directed the music video for " fantasy " . initially , she conceived the concept and conceived the idea . the video features carey in her @ - @ mansion , blading around a theme @ - @ park , while riding the rides and roller coaster . the video then cut into scenes of carey dancing on top of a building , celebrating the event with her friends . carey said her goal for the video was to give herself a " happy and relaxed feeling , " trying to express the freedom she had finally achieved by being allowed to direct her music video . the video for " fantasy " premiered on february 7 , at the " mtv video music awards . " carey expressed how much she enjoyed the video ' s production , particularly of the " crazy @ - @ unite scenes " : " they did not expect me to take that shot ! they were like , ' how ' s she going to get on a roller coaster ? . . . we built a little speaker on the roof of the car , where my cameras where . we built the rig in front of the roller coaster and the lens kept falling off ! " when carey and boyz ii men got together to record " one sweet day , " they didn ' t have enough time to make @ - @ unite and shoot the video . for this reason , a filming crew was present during the song ' s recording , and filmed bits of carey and boyz recording the song . in an interview with fred bronson , walter afanasieff made the following statements regarding the video for " one sweet day " : " it was incredible ! they have film guys and video guys , while i ' m on the @ ##room to record . and these guys were sitting around in a room , because mariah and them are laughing and talking and they ' re being filmed . and i ' m tapping people on the shoulder . " we ' ve got to go to the studio ! " they ' re gone for a couple of days , so i did everything they said , knowing that it was true . " the video for "" be my baby " was once again performed by carey . it featured carey swinging on a swing in the middle of a dark meadow , and her frolicking through the woodlands . the video was described as a " peaceful and relaxing " video , in order to attempt to convey the peaceful and mellow song ' s message . " forever " , the album ' s second single , was the final single to be accompanied by a music video . carey ' s label took footage from her live performances of the song in new york city and paris and compiled them into a video . on january 22 , 2012 , carey revealed through her twitter account that a music video for " underneath the rainbow " was being filmed . filming also occurred in england and france ; carey stated , however , that it " never got released and i don ' t know where it is ! " = = track listing = = = track listing and credits from album booklet . " forever " contains a sample of " tunnel of love " by tom tom club . = = album credits = = = = singles = = = = albums = =