= leg before wicket = leg before wicket ( lbw ) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket . following an appeal from the fielding team , the umpire can declare a batsman out lbw if the ball would have hit the wicket , but was not struck by any part of the batsman ' s body ( including the hand holding the bat ) . the umpire ' s decision will depend on a number of factors , including where the ball landed , whether the ball was in contact with the wickets , and whether the batsman was attempting to hit the ball . leg before wicket first appeared in the laws of cricket in 1774 , when players began to use their pads to prevent the ball hitting their wicket . over the years , attempts were made to determine where the ball should land and to eliminate the element of interpreting the batsman ' s intentions . the 1839 version of the law had a wording that remained in use for over 100 years . however , from the latter half of the 19th century , players became increasingly expert at " the @ - @ play " to reduce the risk of their dismissal . following a number of unsuccessful attempts for reform , in 1935 the law was expanded , so that batsman could be dismissed lbw even if the ball pitched outside the line of the stump . critics felt this change made the game unattractive because it encouraged defensive tactics at the expense of leg spin bowling . after considerable debate and various amendments , the law was changed again in 1972 . in an attempt to improve the @ - @ play the new law , which is used to this day , allowed batsman to be out lbw in certain circumstances if they did not attempt to hit the ball with their pads . since the 1980s , the introduction of cricket cameras and , later , ball @ - @ tracking technology to the umpires has reduced the percentage of lbws in major matches . however , the accuracy of the law and the extent of its use remain controversial . in his 1995 survey of cricket laws , gerald brodribb states : " no dismissal has caused so much argument as lbw ; it has caused trouble from the earliest days " . owing to its complexity , the law is rarely used among the general public and has proven controversial among spectators , administrators and players ; lbw decisions have sometimes caused serious trouble . since the law ' s introduction , the proportion of lbw dismissals has risen steadily over the years . statistics show that the probability of a batsman being dismissed lbw in a major match varies depending on where the matchis played and which teams are eliminated . = = = = = the law of ball and wicket ( lbw ) is currently law 36 in the laws of cricket , written by the marylebone cricket club ( mcc ) . before a batsman can be out lbw , the fielding team must appeal to the umpire . for the batsman to be out lbw , the ball , if it hits , must pitch in line with the wickets , or on the off side of the wicket . then the ball must pitch outside of the batsman ' s leg , without actually touching his leg , in line with the wickets and has been going on to hit the wicket . the batsman can also be out lbw if , having made an attempt to hit the ball with his bat , he was struck outside the line of off stump by a ball that would otherwise hit the wickets . the umpire may assume that the ball would have landed on the same path after striking the wickets , even if it would have struck before hitting the wickets . however , if the bowler delivers a no or — an illegal delivery — the batsman cannot be lbw under any circumstances . a batsman can be out lbw even if the ball did not hit his leg : for example , a batsman hit on the head could be lbw . however , he cannot be lbw if the ball pitches on the leg side of the wicket ( " outside off stump " ) , even if the ball would have otherwise hit the wickets . similarly , a batsman who has attempted to hit the ball with his bat cannot be lbw if the ball hits him outside the line of off stump . however , some variations of bowling , such as the switch , or the spin , involve the bowler switching between a right - and left @ - @ up stance ; this affects the location of the off and leg sides , which are determined by the bowler . the law also states that the off side is determined by the batsman ' s position when the bowler commences his run @ - @ up . according to mcc guidance for bowling , factors to consider when making an lbw decision include the speed at which the ball was travelling and whether the ball was flying through the air . he must also account for the angle of the ball at flight and how far from the wicket the batsman was hit ; from this , he can determine if the ball would have passed over the wickets or struck them . the mcc guidance states that it is possible to make a decision when the ball hits the batsman without pitching , provided that the bowler increaseswhen the ball has bounced and more so when there is a long interval between the ball rolling and striking the wicket . = = development of the law = = = = = = = = = the earliest known written version of the laws of cricket , dating from 1744 , does not mention an lbw dismissal . at the time , batsmen in english cricket used curved bats , which made it unlikely that they would be allowed to pitch directly in front of the wickets . however , a provision in the 1744 laws gave umpires the power to take action if the batsman was " too close to wicket " . the wickets were allowed to become straighter over the following years , allowing players to pitch close to the wicket . however , some players deliberately attempted to prevent the ball from hitting the wicket . these tactics were criticised by critics and a revision of the laws in 1774 stated that the batsman was out if he deliberately prevented the ball from hitting the wicket with his leg . however , critics noted that the players were left the difficult task of defining the definition of batsman . the 1788 version of the laws no longer required the umpire to take account of the batsman ' s leg ; instead the batsman was lbw if he bowled a ball that " travel [ ed ] straight " . further development of the law occurred in 1823 , when a provision was added that " the ball must be bowled in a straight line to the wicket " . the ambiguity of the wording was highlighted when two different authorities disagreed over whether the ball was to travel in a straight line from the batsman to the wicket , or between the wickets at either end of the pitch . in 1839 the mcc , by then responsible for drafting the laws of cricket , challenged the latter interpretation and ruled the batsman out lbw if the ball pitched in between the wickets and would not hit the wicket . = = = controversy and attempted change = = = in essence , the lbw law remained the same between 1839 and 1937 , despite several attempts to have it changed . an 1863 proposal to allow a batsman to be lbw if the ball hit his leg at any point between the wickets , regardless of where the ball pitched or whether it would hit the wicket at all , came to nothing . there were few complaints until the proportion of lbw dismissals in english cricket began to decline during the 1880s . until then , batsmen used their pads only to protect their body ; their use for any other purpose was considered illegal , and some amateur players did not use them at all . asafter becoming more organised and competitive , some players began to use their pads as a second line of defence : they lined them up with the bat so that if they struck with the ball , the ball struck the pad instead of the bat . some players took this approach ; if the delivery was not an obvious target from which to score runs , they took no action and allowed the ball to bounce safely off their pads . frank shrewsbury was the first prominent batsman to adopt such methods , and others followed . awareness of this practice was increased by the improved quality and reliability of the pitches , which made play easier , led to higher scores and created a defensive imbalance in the game . several proposals were made to change pad @ - @ play . at a meeting of representatives of the main english cricket clubs in 1888 , one representative expressed the opinion that a " batsman who defended his wicket with his pads instead of with his bat should be punished " . the mcc supported a motion to amend the law to provide that the batsman would be out if he bowled a ball that would have hit the wicket ; in contrast to the original law , this took no account of where the ball was relative to the wickets . other proposals included one in which the intent of the batsman was taken into account , but the laws were changed and the mcc eventually issued a condemnation of the practice of using pads for defence . this reduced pad @ - @ play for a short time , but when it increased again , a second pronouncement by the mcc had little effect . a discussion on altering the law took place in 1899 , when several leading players supported an amendment made to the 1888 law : the batsman would be out if the ball would have hit the wicket , where play then was irrelevant . at a special general meeting of the mcc in 1902 , alfred lyttelton formally proposed this amendment ; the motion was supported by 259 votes to 188 , but failed to secure the two @ - @ thirds majority needed to change the law . w . h . steel was the main opponent of the amendment , as he thought it would make the task of the umpire too difficult , although he later changed his stance . lyttelton ' s son , alfred , supported the amendment and campaigned for the rest of his life to have the lbw law altered . as evidence that pad @ - @ play was dangerous and needed to be changed , he cited the growing number of wickets which were bowled lbw : the rate rose from 2 % of dismissals in 1870 to 7 % in 1890 , and 12 %in 1923 . in 1902 , the proposed new law was tried in the minor counties championship , but deemed a failure . an increase in the size of the ball was one of several widely rejected proposals at this time to increase the dominance of batsman over bowler . = = = alteration to the law = = = between 1900 and the 1930s , the number of runs scored by batsmen , and the number of lbw balls , continued to rise . players became increasingly frustrated with pad @ - @ play and the extent to which they continued to play cricket by bowling balls into the off stump , without allowing it to pass them . the english fast bowler harold larwood responded by targeting off stump , frequently hitting the batsman with the ball in the process . this developed into the controversial bodyline tactics first used in england in 1932 – 33 . english batsmen began to go further and further to bowl away balls pitched at off stump — reaching out to kick the ball instead of allowing it to hit their legs — if they presented a threat , so that they could not be dismissed lbw . the mcc believed these developments had great entertainment value . at the height of the bodyline controversy in 1933 , donald bradman , the leading australian batsman and primary target of the bowling attack , wrote to the mcc recommending an alteration of the lbw law to allow more competitive play . to address the problem , and redress the situation for bowlers , the mcc made some changes to the law . the size of the ball was reduced in 1927 , and that of the stumps increased in 1931 , but the changes had little effect . between 1929 and 1933 , english teams held a test in which a batsman could be lbw if he had hit the ball onto his leg . then , in 1935 , an additional test was introduced in which the batsman could be dismissed lbw , if the ball was outside the line of the wickets — in other words , a ball that turned and ran into the batsman but did not pitch in line with the wickets . however , the bowler was still allowed to hit the batsman in line with the wickets . the bowler signalled to the scorers when he declared a batsman out under the new law , and any subsequent dismissal was marked " lbw ( n ) " on the field . several leading batsmen adopted the new law , including the professional herbert sutcliffe , known as an advocate of pad @ - @ play , and amateurs errol walden and bob wyatt . wisden cricketers ' almanack noted that these changes improvedtheir batting improved during the 1935 season , and batsmen generally were less impressed . there were also fewer drawn matches . there was an increase in the number of lbws — out of first @ , @ 560 lbw . in first @ - @ class matches in 1935 , 483 were given under the new law . wisden considered the experiment a success and some of its proponents changed their mind by the end of the year ; others soon became reconciled to the change . although australian authorities were less convinced , and did not immediately introduce the revision into domestic first @ - @ class cricket , in 1937 the new law became part of the laws of cricket . according to gerald brodribb , in his survey and review of the laws , the changes produced more " fair " , competitive cricket . any change in outlook was delayed by the second world war . when the sport resumed in 1946 , players were out of practice and the amended lbw law played into the hands of the spin and inswing bowlers , who began to dominate county cricket . the cricket historian derek birley noted that many of these players imitated the style of alec bedser , an inswing bowler who was successful shortly before the war , but that the resulting game was unexciting to watch . the revised lbw law , and subsequent changes to the rules in favour of the change , further encouraged such bowling . the new law began to provoke controversy among writers and cricketers ; some former players claimed that the change had caused a decline in batting and in the number of shots played from the off stump . a 1963 report in the times criticised the law for reducing the number of bowling styles : " the change has led to a steady increase in the amount of off and off @ - @ and ##ners . whereas in the early days every county had a leg break and an occasional left arm spinner , leg breaks , at any rate , are now few and far between . go on to one of the first @ - @ class grounds at any time , and the chances are that you will find the wicketkeeper standing still and a medium pace bowler in action . . . there is no doubt that the game , as a whole , is less competitive than it was . " some players , including bob wyatt , argued that the lbw law should be returned to its pre @ - @ 1935 form ; he campaigned to do so until his death in 1995 . on the other hand , bradman , in the 1950s , proposed changing the law so that batsmen could belbw even if they were struck outside the line of off stump . an mcc revision of the laws of cricket , carried out between 1956 and 1957 , examined the controversial and controversial tactic involving off @ - @ players and inswing ##ers aiming for off stump with attention concentrated on the leg side . rather than update the lbw law to combat the problem , the mcc increased the number of players fielding on the leg side . = = = = no stroke = = = in the 1950s and 1960s , the amount of pad @ - @ play increased , owing to more difficult and unpredictable pitches that made bowling much harder . critics continued to describe this tactic as " unfair and unfair " . in an effort to eliminate pad @ - @ play and encourage leg spin bowling , a new variant of the lbw law was introduced , initially in australia and the west indies for the 1969 – 70 season , and in england for 1970 . under the re @ - @ worded version , a batsman would be lbw if the ball failed to hit the stumps pitched in line with the wickets , " outside the batsman ' s off stump and in the opinion of the umpire , making no genuine attempt to play the ball with his hand . " this revision removed the rule that the ball should be in line with the wickets , which meant that any batsman playing a ball could not be out if the ball struck outside off stump , in contrast to the 1935 law . the editors of wisden believed the change allowed them to take more risks , and have much more attractive bowling . however , the proportion of wickets falling lbw sharply declined , and concerns were raised in australia . the australian authorities proposed a revision to the previous law . a batsman could no more be bowled to a ball that pitched outside off stump , and the rule was added that " if no stroke is offered to a ball bowled outside the off @ - @ stump which in the opinion of the umpire would hit the stumps , but hits the batsman on any part of his person other than the wicket , then the batsman is out , even if that part of the body concerned is not in line between wicket and ball . " the change to the 1935 law was that the batsman could now be out even if the ball struck outside the line of the @ - @ stump . this law was adopted throughout the country , although it was not a part of the official laws , from 1972 and the number of lbws was increased to beyond the levels preceding the 1970 law . the mcc added the new law to the lawsof england in 1980 ; this version of the lbw law is still used as of 2013 . = = = use of technology = = = since 1993 , the proportion of lbws appeals each english season has increased significantly . according to cricket historian david miller , the percentage of lbw appeals increased when teams incorporated ball @ - @ tracking technology such as ball @ - @ tracking into their television coverage of cricket . miller writes : " with the passage of time and the introduction of hawkeye into other sports , together with evidence of its effectiveness , cricket commentators seem now to have confirmed its predictions . recent analyses have shown that a greater proportion of balls from an open target go on to hit the wicket than had originally been expected . " miller also suggests that players have been influenced by such evidence ; their greater understanding of which deliveries are likely to hit the stumps has made them more likely to rule out batsmen who are bowling further away from the stumps . this trend is replicated in test cricket , where the increased use of technology in umpire decisions has increased the role of umpires . spin bowlers in particular take many more wickets for lbw . however , the use of ball @ - @ tracking technology has proved controversial ; some critics see it as more reliable than human judgement , while others argue that the umpire is better equipped to make the decision . the international cricket council ( icc ) , responsible for governing the game internationally , conducted a trial in 2002 where lbw appeals could be referred to a single umpire , the third umpire , to rely on television replays . the third umpire could only use technology to determine where the ball was hit and if the bowler hit the ball with his bat . the icc judged the experiment unsuccessful and did not pursue it . more trials followed in 2006 , although ball @ - @ tracking technology remained available to match officials . after a further series of trials , in 2009 the umpire decision review system ( drs ) was introduced into international cricket where teams could refer the ball @ - @ tracking decisions of players to a third umpire who has access to television replays and technology such as ball tracking . according to the icc ' s general secretary , dave richardson , drs increases the frequency with which they review lbw appeals . in a 2012 interview , he said : " they may have felt that if they call an out and drs says it was not out , then their decision should be rectified . or they might , i suppose , have the weight of their convictions a bit more and take a more conservative approach to givingthe batsman out . i think if we ' re totally honest , drs has helped the game much more than we thought it would . " critics of the system state that reasons for the use of drs have included an array of responses to lbw decisions depending on the nature of the referral . opponents also claim that the ball @ - @ tracking system used for deciding lbws is reliable enough , but the opponents state that tests have shown the system to be 100 % reliable . the board of control for cricket in india ( bcci ) have consistently declined to use drs in matches in india owing to their concerns over the ball @ - @ tracking technology . early drs trials were conducted during test matches , and several problems arose over lbws , particularly as the technology was not as advanced as it later became . the bcci believe the system is unreliable and prone to abuse . = = trends and perception = = a study in 2011 by david miller found that in english county cricket , the proportion of wickets to be lbw has increased steadily since the first world war . in the 1920s , around 10 % of wickets were lbw but this rose to 15 % in the 1930s . between 1946 and 1970 , the proportion was around 11 % but steadily increased until reaching around 20 % in the decade to 2010 . miller also states that captains of county teams are much more likely to receive the benefit of lbw decisions — less likely to be out lbw when batting and more likely to be out lbw when bowling . for many years , county captains could end @ - @ of @ - @ match decisions on the umpires ; as they were professionals whose lives could be saved , they consequently had leeway whether batting or bowling . until 1963 , when the ban was abolished in english cricket , they were also more lenient towards amateur cricketers . they administered amateur cricket , and offending them could end an umpire ' s career . elsewhere in the world , lbws were higher than expected in matches taking place on the indian subcontinent . however , batsmen from the subcontinent were less likely to be lbw when they travelled in the world . teams that toured other countries often were affected by lbws given against them ; there was also an assumption of national success by home teams against visiting teams . several studies investigating this perception have suggested that home batsmen were sometimes more likely than overseas batsmen to be lbw . however , the evidence is based on lbw decisions made , not on the success @ - @ rate of wickets to theumpire . fraser points out that it is impossible to determine from these studies if any of the results were wrong , particularly since the lbw law can have multiple interpretations , or if other factors such as weather conditions and location are involved . a 2006 study examined the effect that neutral umpire had on the rate of lbws . although the results were again negative , it found that lbws increased slightly for neutral umpire regardless of position or position . in his survey of cricket players , gerald brodribb suggests that " no law has produced so much trouble as lbw ; it has caused trouble from the earliest days " . among those who do not follow it , the law has the reputation of being extremely difficult to understand , of equivalent complexity to association football ' s official laws . due to the difficulty of its interpretation , lbw is regarded by many as the most difficult of the laws but is a yardstick by which the umpire ' s decisions are judged . in his book cricket and the media : the lady in white is always right , ian fraser notes that umpires ' lbw decisions are frequently criticised and " concerns about bias and incompetence in adjudication inform almost every discussion about lbw decisions . " disputes arise because the umpire has not only to establish what has happened but also to speculate over what might have happened . some aspects of lbw decisions include the umpire having to determine whether the ball pitched outside off stump , and in certain circumstances whether the batsman intended to hit the ball or leave it behind . officials are often criticised for their lbw decisions by players , fans and spectators . historically , incidents ranging from protests and arguments to crowd demonstrations have resulted from disputed decisions . for example , a prolonged crowd protest , in which items were thrown onto the playing field and the match was delayed , took place when mohammad azharuddin was adjudged lbw during a 1996 one day international against india .