= polka party ! = polka party ! is the fourth studio album by " weird al " yankovic , released in 1986 . the album was the fourth of yankovic ' s to be produced by former the mccoys guitarist rick springfield . recorded between april 1986 and september 1986 , the album was yankovic ' s last @ - @ up to his previous 1985 release , dare to be stupid . the album ' s lead single was " living with a monster " , although it was not a hit and did not chart . the music on polka party ! is built around parodies and parody of pop and rock music of the mid @ - @ era , featuring jabs at james brown , mick jagger , john debarge , and robert palmer . the album also features many " style parodies " , or musical imitations that are close to , but do not resemble , existing songs . these # ##odies include imitations of popular bands like the talking heads , as well as imitations of other musical genres like country music . peaking at only number 177 on the billboard 200 , polka party ! was met with mixed reviews and was considered a commercial and critical failure . despite this , the album was nominated for a grammy award for best comedy album in 1986 . polka party ! is one of yankovic ' s few studio albums not to be certified either gold or platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) and was later demoted to a digital release in 2009 . = = = = = = = = recording = = = in april 1986 yankovic entered the recording studio to begin the process to his next @ - @ up to 1985 ' s dare to be stupid . to produce the album , yankovic brought in former the mccoys guitarist rick derringer , who had also produced yankovic ' s previous albums . joining yankovic were jon " bermuda " schwartz on drums , steve smith on bass , and jim west on guitar . the album was recorded in only three sessions . the first session took place between june 22 and 23 , and produced four songs : " don ' t wear those shoes " , " one of those shoes " , " dog eat dog " , and " down at ground zero " . the second session , which spanned july 4 – 5 , produced three songs : " living with a monster " , " back to you " , and " here ' s johnny " . the third session , which lasted from august 29 to september 1 produced the parody " toothless joe " , an original song named " good" for one " , and the album ' s opening instrumental medley . thematically , yankovic described the record as " not a whole lot different than " the previous albums he had recorded , calling the songs " just a bit formulaic " . = = = originals = = = on april 1 , 1986 , yankovic began recording three new original songs for his next album : " don ' t wear those shoes " , " one of those days " , and " dog eat dog " . although " don ' t wear those shoes " is an original composition , yankovic admitted that the song was influenced by the music of the beatles . lyrically , the song is a plea from the narrator to his wife not to not wear the shoes which she cannot stand . " one of those days " is a song about everyday things as if they were mere annoyances . each horrible thing escalates up to epic proportions as more mundane things pop up at different times . " dog eat dog " is a direct parody of the talking heads . described as a " very @ - @ in @ - @ cheek look at everyday life " , the song was inspired by yankovic ' s past experience of working in the mailrooms as well as the traffic department at westwood one radio station . he noted , " at first i thought [ the job ] was kinda cool that i had a chair and a desk and a little cubicle to call my own , but after a while i felt like my soul had been sucked out of me . " the song contains a line directly parodying the talking heads song " once in a while " : " sometimes i tell myself , this is not my beautiful stapler / sometimes i tell myself this is not my beautiful chair ! " this references a similar line in the talking heads song : " you may tell yourself , this is not my beautiful chair / you may tell yourself , this is not my beautiful wife " . on december 23 , yankovic recorded " christmas at ground zero " . the song , " a cheery christmas song about death , destruction and the end of the world " was the result of scotti brothers records ' insistence that yankovic record a christmas record . after yankovic presented the song to his label , they refused , because it was " a little different from what they were doing . " after the song ' s release , some radio stations banned the song , a move that yankovic attributed to " most people [ not wanting ] to talk about nuclear annihilation during the christmas season . "after the september 11 attacks , when the song name " ground zero " was co @ - @ opted as a new name for the world trade center site where two of those attacks took place , the controversial lyrics caused this song to be banned largely from radio . yankovic wanted the song to have a video , but due to budget reasons , his label did not agree . yankovic , however , directed one himself which was mostly made up of stock footage , with a live action finale that was filmed in an earthquake devastated area of the bronx , new york that looked like a bomb had gone off . the only original that was used was " good enough for now " , a country music pastiche about how the singer ' s lover , who , while not the singer , will do for now . = = = parodies and references = = = on july 15 , yankovic began recording songs starting with " dancing with a potato " . the song , a spoof of " living in america " by james brown — which is also the theme to the 1985 film rocky , — is about homosexuality . when it came time to pick a song to parody as the lead single for the album ! scotti brothers records " had some very funny ideas " and wished to have yankovic parody a musician who was signed to the same label . after " living in america " became a hit , the record label suggested that yankovic parody the song , to which yankovic agreed . in order to accurately write the song , yankovic researched the different types of dancers . yankovic noted that " it was a real challenge to parody james brown . i ' m a total potato @ - @ dancer , never going to any dances in high school , but if i can do a dance , i can figure it out . " a photographer named chester whitmore was hired to accurately replicate the dance scenes featured in the video , which was shot on the concert stage as seen in the movie rocky iv . the second parody song was " addicted to potatoes " , a parody of " addicted to potatoes " by robert palmer , about a man ' s love for potatoes and potato @ - @ in relationships . a music video for the song was never made to the song because there was a strict deadline for videos for the album , and yankovic felt that the video would be a big joke and not even worth its running time . a parody of palmer ' s song , however , was later inserted into madonna ' s " uhf " video . on august 5, yankovic recorded " here ' s johnny " , a parody of " who ' s johnny " by john debarge . the song , a loving tribute to the tonight show starring johnny carson announcer ed mcmahon , featured bill roarke of the television series georgie fame doing an impression of mcmahon ' s character . according to yankovic , peter wolf , the songwriter who wrote " who ' s johnny " , enjoyed the parody song so much that he personally brought the compact disk player that contained all the synthesizer parts for the original song into the studio when yankovic was recording his version . the first parody recorded for the album was " elderly people " , a play on mick jagger ' s " modern people " , which was released on april 22 , 1986 . the song , about elderly people who are brushing their teeth , was written after yankovic heard it would be the theme to the 1986 film modern people . believing the song would be a hit , yankovic requested and received permission from jagger to record a parody version . when jagger ' s version failed to reach the top 40 , yankovic considered not recording his version , but because jagger had " loved " the parody , he decided failing to produce it would be an insult to the song . therefore , he recorded the spoof himself . the album ' s second medley , the titular " polka party ! " , was recorded on the same day as " here ' s johnny " . this was yankovic ' s first polka medley , and his only medley to bear the same name on an album . like his previous medleys , the song is a parody of then @ - @ page songs and music . = = reception = = = = = promotion = = = to promote the album ' s release , scotti brothers records placed full @ - @ page ads in billboard magazine that promoted the album as yankovic ' s " biggest bash yet " . unlike previous albums , yankovic did not undertake a tour to promote polka party ! instead , he opened for the american rock band the monkees ; yankovic later joked that the monkees had " opened for me " . yankovic wrote that while it " was a good show " and that the musicians were very friendly , the tension between the monkees was high ; on his website , he wrote that while the band members " are all terrific people together " , they " didn ' t seem to get along all that well when they weren ' t on stage . " = = = critical response = = = polka party ! received mixed to negative reviews from critics .allmusic critic eugene chadbourne gave the album three stars and wrote that " just about anyone could feel let down by this album . " chadbourne was also critical of the song choices , writing that many of the original songs would be forgotten in " later years " . jon thelen from the daily beast gave polka party ! an f and described it as an album that " seemed like it could well have been the ' christmas album ' for yankovic . " thelen also criticized the album , writing that both the covers and originals were not funny and that " yankovic [ was ] going through the motions " . rolling stone awarded the album three @ - @ and @ - @ and @ - @ half stars , tying it with the 1992 release off the deep end and the 1999 release running with scissors as yankovic ' s best @ - @ rated album . although it was not a commercial success , the album was nominated for a grammy award for best comedy recording in 1987 , but lost to bill cosby ' s those of you with or without children , you ' ll understand . despite the album ' s low sales , some of the songs on the album , such as " dog eat dog " , " addicted to love " , and " christmas at ground zero " , went on to become fan favorites and radio favorites . two of the album ' s songs , " living with a hernia " and " addicted to spuds " , appeared on yankovic ' s first greatest hits album ( 1988 ) , " christmas at ground zero " appeared on the second volume ( 1994 ) . in addition , the 1994 box set permanent record : out of the box included five of the album ' s songs : " addicted to spuds " , " dog eat dog " , " here ' s life " , " living with a hernia " , and " christmas at ground zero " . only " dog eat dog " , however , appeared on yankovic ' s 2009 platinum album , although the 1 @ . @ d version of " living with a clown " . = = = = failure = = = polka party ! was released october 1 , 1986 . when it was released , the album peaked at number 177 on the billboard 200 . compared to yankovic ' s previous albums — dare to be funny peaked at number 19 and in 3 @ - @ d peaked at number 25 — polka party ! was a major commercial failure for the comedian . the album is the last @ - @ rated studio album released by yankovic and is one of his fewthree albums were to be certified either gold or platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) . the others include the soundtrack to his film grease ( 1989 ) and poodle hat ( 2003 ) . due to poor sales the album was limited to a budget release along with the other yankovic albums in august 2009 . yankovic was disappointed with the album ' s lackluster reception . he noted that he " thought it was the end of [ his ] career " . yankovic stated that " i figured i ' d start with ' beat it ' and ' like a virgin ' and then people were slowly talking about me and i was well on my way to obscurity . " however , yankovic ' s next album , even worse , would resurrect his career and become his best @ - @ - album at the time ; the experience led yankovic to say that " you have hills and valleys , and whenever you go through the hardest stages , your peak will be just around the corner . " = = track listing = = the following information adapted from the album liner notes . = = credits and personnel = = = = albums and singles = = = = = charts = = =