= greens ledge light = greens ledge light is a sparkplug lighthouse in connecticut , united states , off the southwest coast of the norwalk islands , long island sound , in norwalk , connecticut . it is on north side of the south end of greens ledge , part of norwalk , one mile south of the entrance to three mile island in rowayton , and just over a mile southwest of the harbor . completed in 1902 , it was built by the philadelphia construction company . the lighthouse is 52 feet ( 16 m ) tall and is composed of five stories that make up its four stories . the tower is 7 feet ( 2 @ . @ 0 m ) in diameter . the greens ledge light replaced the long ledge light . originally , the lighthouse had a fifth @ - @ order white lens , but a sixth @ - @ order fresnel lens was installed in august 1902 , just six months into its operation . currently , vrb @ - @ 25 is in use and it has a white and red flash every 24 seconds . the lighthouse was added to the national register of historic places as greens ledge light on may 5 , 1990 . = = design = = in the 1890s , the lighthouse was first formally designed to protect the norwalk harbor . in 1899 , the united states congress appropriated $ 60 @ , @ 000 for the construction of a light and fog signal at greens ledge . in 1900 , the philadelphia construction company was contracted to construct the foundation and the superstructure . the idea for this type of lighthouse was first proposed in 1873 , from charles eliiot of the lighthouse company . the foundation structure is made of identical curved @ - @ iron plates with two inward @ - @ pointing ends that are bolted together and secured with knees . the iron plates are lowered into the water and filled with concrete and brick , as for the greens ledge light . a series of photographs from the lighthouse in 1901 shows the construction of the two lower courses at hunter ' s point , the lowering of the foundation and the superstructure in the summer of 1901 prior to a removal of the riprap . the 52 @ - @ foot ( 16 m ) tall greens ledge light was completed in 1902 and serves as a typical example of a sparkplug lighthouse . located in 10 feet ( 3 @ . @ 0 m ) of water , the foundation extends out to support the piers the lighthouse is built on and provides the foundation for the lighthouse ' s brick basement and cisterns . the four @ - @ story structure of the lighthouse is assembled from five courses of curved iron plates .the interior is lined with brick to support and strengthen the tower and to " provid [ e ] an anchorage for the two cast @ - @ iron stairs which rise to the top of the story , " writes historian dorothy templeton . the original prefabricated features underwent a period of restoration of which the greens ledge light was part of the first phase . templeton describes , " the piers which support the watchroom gallery and covered deck [ as having ] a more conventional design and [ the ] rectilinear window sashes are enclosed in smaller , plainer cast @ - @ iron frames . " the gallery encircles the light . above the first story , the watchroom and lantern . the original roofing and some cast @ - @ iron stanchions of the tower are able to be seen through the riprap . the cast @ - @ iron door to the tower faces south and at the time of installation the windows were sealed with plywood . the first floor of the tower serves as the kitchen . the second level has two rooms split by a partition with the second room being the bathroom . the third level is not listed , but does not have a description on the national historic register of places listing . the fourth floor has six sash windows and has a part of the roof removed and part of the cast @ - @ iron frame and brick wall are missing . the tower ' s lantern measures 7 feet ( 2 @ . @ 1 m ) in diameter . while active , the greens ledge light was discontinued . = = service = = originally , the light had a third @ - @ order fresnel lens , but a fourth @ - @ order fresnel lens was installed in may 1902 , just six years into its operation . the light characteristic is a flashing white light with a red flash every 15 seconds . in 1972 , the light was automated and the fresnel lens was replaced with a red lens . the light continues to serve as an active aid to navigation . in 1987 , a vr @ - @ 251 was installed . the current lens , a vrb @ - @ 25 was installed . the current light characteristic is an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds . the white and red flashes can be seen for 10 nautical miles and 12 nautical miles , respectively . during routine operations , the tower began to shake and the keepers moved all the way to the side of the tower . the problem was said to have been exacerbated following the 1938 new england hurricane . = = = = = theit was added to the national register of historic places as greens point lighthouse on june 29 , 1990 . it is described as " significant as a representative example of a pre @ - @ or cast @ - @ iron tower lighttower on a cast @ - @ iron masonry foundation . " the lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for walter dubois brown , an artist , for over forty years . since 1935 , swimmers have been competing annually in the john j . ladrigan swim race , a one @ - @ mile ( 1 @ . @ . km ) race from the lighthouse to bayley beach in the rowayton section of norwalk . = = list of keepers = = this list includes known keepers , but excludes officers and non @ - @ officers of the coast guard . = action of 13 september 1810 = the action of 13 september 1810 was an inconclusive naval engagement during the napoleonic wars between british royal navy and french navy frigates during which a british frigate was attacked by two french frigates off isle de france ( now mauritius ) , but british reinforcements were able to recapture the island before the french could capture her . the british frigate was hms africaine , a new arrival to the indian ocean . she was under the command of captain john corbet , who had served there the previous year . corbet was a very experienced captain and his death in the battle caused a storm of controversy in britain with claims that corbet had either committed suicide at the shame of losing his ship , been murdered by his disaffected crew , or been abandoned by his ships , who were said to have refused to load their guns while he remained in command . whether any of these claims were accurate has not been satisfactorily determined , but the incident has been discussed in several prominent local newspapers and was the subject of at least one lawsuit . the action came about as a direct consequence of the battle of grand port three months earlier , in which a british squadron had been destroyed in a french attack on grand port harbour , isle de france . this gave the french force on the island a significant numerical advantage , outnumbering the british force on the recently captured ile bourbon , commanded by commodore josias rowley , by six to one . british reinforcements were hastily despatched to the area as the french were occupying ile bourbon in june and the arriving ships were in constant danger of attack by more powerful french units . africaine was the first ship to reinforce rowley ' s force , and within three days of her arrival in the area was engagedattacked the french ships , attempting to lure them away from saint denis on ile bonaparte . corbet was mortally wounded in the opening engagement and later died . although his crew fought hard , they were overwhelmed by the french frigates and forced to retreat , only for rowley to send in the boadicea and drive off the french warships , recapturing africaine . = = = = = in 1808 , both the british royal navy and the french navy sent two squadrons to the indian ocean . the french , commanded by admiral jacques martin , were ordered to disrupt british trade in the region , primarily targeting the large east indiamen that carried millions of pounds worth of trade between britain and her empire . the british force under commodore josias rowley was tasked with the blockade and eventual capture of the two newly established trading bases of the french , ile bourbon and isle de france . in the action of 31 may 1809 , a british frigate named caroline captured two east indies , landing with her prizes at saint denis on ile bonaparte . in his first major action against the french , rowley placed soldiers behind the walls of the harbour and sent his ships into the harbour , capturing the town and the ships in the harbour , including caroline . one of rowley ' s captains who also performed well in this engagement was robert corbet of hms nereide . refitting the caroline as a small frigate and naming her hms bourbonaise , rowley placed corbet in command and sent him to britain with despatches . throughout the following year , the french continued to attack british trade routes , scoring major victories in the action of 18 june 1809 and the action of 7 july 1810 , where they captured all five east indiamen as well as numerous smaller merchant ships and a large portuguese frigate . rowley too was successful , launching the successful invasion of ile bonaparte in july and renaming the island ile bourbon , basing his squadron at saint paul on the island ' s western shore . from this point , rowley ' s ships were then positioned to establish a naval blockade of isle de france , commanded initially by captain samuel pym of hms sirius . pym sought to disrupt french movement by seizing a number of small offshore islands , starting with ile de la cite and grand port . the island was captured , but when the french fleet broke through the british blockade and took shelter in grand port , pym decided to attack them . the ensuing battle of grand port was a disaster for rowley ' s squadron , as pym led all of rowley '# ##nell sailed into the bay without adequately assessing the passage through the coral reefs that surrounded the bay . as a result , three frigates grounded out of range of the enemy and the remaining two were outnumbered in confined waters . in a fierce battle lasting several hours , two of pym ' s frigates were destroyed and two others had to be scuttled , with their entire crews made prisoner . rowley ' s squadron arrived too late , and the french commodore was escorted back to saint denis by hamelin ' s squadron . while rowley and hamelin had served in the indian ocean , corbet had made the lengthy journey back to france . during his time in command of nereide , corbet had already developed a reputation as a strict commander , regularly arresting his crew for the slightest mistake , to the extent that he had provoked a brief mutiny on nereide in 1808 . his reputation spread before him , and when he exchanged ships with captain richard raggett of hms africaine , he was met with a letter of protest from africaine ' s crew . although many of the officers on africaine had served with corbet before , his reputation for strict discipline was well known throughout the navy and the crew wrote a letter to the admiralty insisting that they would not serve under him . alarmed by what they considered to be mutiny , the admiralty sent three popular officers to africaine with the message that if the matter was not dropped there would be a court @ - @ martial for mutiny ; if not , the entire crew would be free to leave . to counter the threat , the frigate hms menelaus was brought in with her gunports open and her cannon ready to fire . chastened , the crew of africaine allowed corbet passage and the frigate sailed for the indian ocean a few days later , carrying instructions for the authorities at madras to prepare an expeditionary force to invade isle de france . = = africaine , isle de france = = africaine ' s journey to mauritius took four days and corbet made a number of stops on his way , the final stop being at the small caribbean island settlement of rodriguez in early september 1810 . there corbet was informed of the situation at grand port and on his own initiative immediately sailed south to augment rowley ' s weakened squadron . arriving off isle de france at 06 : 00 on 8 september , corbet spotted a french schooner off ile ronde and gave chase , the schooner hiding behind the reefs of rodriguez , on the west coast ofthe island . at 07 : 30 , corbet ordered the frigate ' s boats to enter the creek into which the schooner had escaped , the small craft entering the creek in the hope of finding and capturing the vessel . as the boats approached , french soldiers and militia gathered along the banks and began firing on the british boats . fire was returned by royal marines in the boats , but africaine ' s boat arrived shortly after the trap was sprung and was destroyed , french gunfire killing two men and wounding ten . the british boat reached the shore and abandoned her , but the six men aboard were unable to move the boat unaided and were forced to depart , coming under fire which wounded two men , before they could escape the french trap . abandoning his boats , corbet determined to sail to ile bourbon instead . by 04 : 00 on 12 june he had arrived at saint @ - @ denis and had landed his wounded and came ashore for news , learning that two british frigates were just offshore , blockading the port . the french squadron had spotted africaine in the harbour and despatched the small vessel entreprenant to isle de france with information of her whereabouts , although corbet had raised flags that had fooled the french into believing that his frigate was rowley ' s flagship hms boadicea . the french ships were astree , commanded by captain bouvet , and iphigenie , and one of the french officers captured at grand bay , captain rene lemarant de kerdaniel . = = = battle = = = rowley , based at saint @ - @ denis to the north of saint @ - @ denis , received intelligence that africaine had arrived off saint denis and now sought to break through the french blockade . continuing north , boadicea came into sight of bouvet ' s squadron at 08 : 00 and the british were followed by the small vessels hms otter and hms staunch . corbet recognised rowley ' s position and joined the pursuit , leaving 200 men from the 86th regiment of foot to reinforce his men at grand bay . the british , still believing africaine to be boadicea , assumed that boadicea was an east indiaman named windham in disguise , and fell back towards isle de france before the british arrived . otter and staunch then fell rapidly behind boadicea , while africaine remained far ahead . by 14 : 00 , observers on africaine could no longer see the other british ships , and by 18 : 30 , boadicea wassimilarly alone . bouvet recognised the lack of cohesion in the british line , and also recognised that africaine was faster than either of his ships and would not catch them . as a result , he turned and prepared to engage the french ships as night fell . corbet now found himself vulnerable and began to fire rockets and shots in the hope of attracting rowley ' s attention and as the french closed with africaine , he readied his ship for combat . 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) away , rowley could see the flares and flashes but was unable to intercede in the darkness . at 01 : 00 on 13 august , the british had closed between africaine and the french ship , and at 02 : 00 corbet opened fire on astree , with bouvet returning the fire immediately . a ball from the second french broadside struck corbet within range of the first one , the ball tearing off his foot below the knee just as a large wooden plank thrown from the deck struck the bone of the wounded man , breaking the leg . corbet was brought below to the ship ' s surgeon where the stump of his leg was quickly removed and bound , and command devolved to lieutenant john henry tullidge . at 02 : 00 , astree pulled away from africaine to make emergency repairs , but bouvet ' s guns had wrecked africaine ' s hull , leaving the french ship uncontrollable and largely useless . still moving ahead , africaine engaged iphigenie at close range but was then attacked by astree and found herself surrounded on all sides , astree being in such a position that she was able to ram the british ship , causing considerable damage and casualties . by 03 : 30 , africaine was in flames . tullidge was wounded in four places , but refused to leave the ship until the ship ' s master had been killed and the french captain shot in the leg . as the sails had collapsed and as guns were dismounted and casualties , the return fire of africaine became more and more sporadic , until it stopped entirely at 04 : 45 , when only two guns were still capable of firing . the fire resumed at 05 : 00 , first , with boadicea 5 nautical miles ( . @ . @ . km ) away and unable to affect the crew of africaine , which had hauled up its anchor at 05 : 00 . within minutes , the french prize crew boarded the battered ship and seizedthe magazine of shot and gunpowder , which was transferred to iphigenie whose ammunition was now exhausted . = = = boadicea arrives = = = at 06 : 00 , a gale pushed boadicea forward and she began to close with her former enemy , rowley watching as all four of africaine ' s masts gave way and went over the side one by one . by 08 : 00 , africaine had a dismasted hull and corbet was dead in the bowels of the ship , although the exact manner of his death was to cause lasting controversy . by 10 : 00 , boadicea had been joined by rodney and lion and bearing down on the french frigates and their prize , so that by 10 : 30 bouvet was forced to abandon africaine and tow the damaged iphigenie back to port napoleon . by 17 : 00 , boadicea pulled alongside africaine and the french prize crew surrendered . rowley later reported that a number of british sailors leaped into the sea at his approach and swam to boadicea , requesting that they be allowed to pursue the french ships in the hope of capturing one . rowley rejected this request given the poor state of africaine and instead towed the frigate back to ile bourbon , shadowed by astree and iphigenie on the return journey . the french frigates did find some consolation in pursuing rowley from a distance , running into and capturing the british east india company ' s armed brig aurora , sailing from bombay to reinforce rowley . on 17 september , boadicea , africaine and the others arrived off saint helena , africaine remaining under the protection of the british while the others put to sea , each seeking to drive off the french ships but unable to bring them to action . bouvet returned to port napoleon on 18 september , and he was not present when rowley engaged and captured the british frigate lion and commodore rodney at the action of 19 september 1810 . = = = = = the action was the first of two during this period in which lone british frigates were briefly engaged by superior french forces as they sailed independently to join rowley ' s squadron . on this occasion however , rowley was able to engage the french ships and drive off the french attackers . corbet ' s action was particularly violent , british casualties totalling 49 killed and 114 wounded , including a single officer and all but two of the crew embarked . africaine was seriously damaged and would not be ready to return to active service for several months . french casualties were less than, astree suffering one killed and two wounded , iphigenie one killed and 33 wounded . the action was considered a victory by the french and was widely reported in the london gazette . the british naval authorities were particularly disturbed by rumours that began to spread concerning the death of captain corbet and the rest of his crew during the engagement . prominent among these rumours was the suggestion that corbet had been murdered by his disaffected crew : historian william james wrote in 1827 that " there are those who still insist , that captain martin ' s [ sic ] death @ - @ wound was caused by one of his own cannon . " although he goes on to rule out the possibility of corbet being shot by one of his own cannon . james gives more credence to the story that corbet committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat , that he " tore the flesh from his amputated limb , and suffered himself to bleed to death . " this story is also referred to in william henry brenton ' s 1825 history : " corbet did not ( we fear would not ) survive his wounds " . the truth of corbet ' s death will never be known with certainty , although james ultimately concludes that corbet ' s wound was almost certainly a serious wound and thus the most likely cause of death . a further accusation , and one that proved even more controversial in the aftermath of the battle , was the suggestion that africaine ' s crew stole their guns , refused to fire them or even threw them into the sea in protest at corbet ' s death . corbet ' s brutality was well known in the navy , some describing him as " an extremely severe officer " who had a " reputation of cruelty " . james does not accuse the crew of any deliberate attempt to conceal their part in the action , instead attributing their poor performance to corbet ' s own failings as a commander , most notably his failure to practice gunnery skills . other authors were less understanding of the crew of africaine , brenton writing that " they cut the breechings of their coats , and put no powder in them during the first or second broadside " , while captain basil hall ##am wrote in 1833 that they " preferred to be mown down by the french broadsides " than fight under corbet . this latter statement provoked outrage among naval officers , and captain jenkin jones , a former shipmate of corbet launched a successful lawsuit , forcingand to issue a report . in 1900 , william henry clowes commented that " there is , however , no reason to believe that captain corbett ' s [ sic ] reputation for extreme cruelty greatly affected his crew , and that the men did not behave as badly as they should have behaved " . he later castigates brenton for the suggestion that corbet committed suicide , and that the wound alone was the cause of death . other historians have also been critical of corbet ' s behaviour , robert gardiner calling him " extremely brutal , " and richard wright describing tullidge as " an unfortunate victim of corbet ' s cruelty , for suspicions lingered that africaine ' s brutalised crew had failed to do their utmost in defence of their late captain . "