= elgin cathedral = elgin cathedral is a historic ruin in elgin , moray , north @ - @ , scotland . the cathedral — dedicated to the holy trinity — was built in 1224 on land granted by king alexander ii to the burgh of elgin and close to the river lossie . it replaced the cathedral at spynie , 2 km ( 1 @ . @ 9 mi ) to the north , that was staffed by a small chapter of eight clerics . the new and enlarged cathedral was founded with 18 canons in 1226 and then increased to 23 in 1242 . after a major fire in 1270 , a rebuilding programme greatly expanded the building . it was spared by the wars of scottish independence but again suffered extensive fire damage in 1390 following an attack by alexander ii ' s son alexander stewart , earl of buchan , also known as the wolf of badenoch . in 1402 the cathedral once again suffered an incendiary attack by the followers of the lord of the isles . the number of canons required to maintain the cathedral continued to grow , as did the number of craftsmen needed to maintain the buildings and surrounds . the number of canons had increased to 25 by the time of the scottish reformation in 1560 , when the cathedral was closed and its services transferred to elgin ' s parish church of st giles . after the removal of the tiles that covered the roof in 1567 , the cathedral steadily fell into disrepair . its deterioration was halted by the 19th century , by which time the cathedral was in a substantially poor condition . the cathedral went through periods of enlargement and rebuilding following the fires of 1270 and 1390 that included the reduction in height of the choir , the addition of side aisles to the northern and southern sides of both the nave and chancel . today , these walls are at full height in some and at ground level in others yet the original cruciform plan is still discernible . a mostly - octagonal chapter house dates from the major enlargement after the fire of 1270 . the north wall above the double - arch that connects the two buildings is not complete and was rebuilt after the fire of 1390 . it accommodates a large arched doorway that now only contains stub - arches and fragments of a large gothic window . coffin and chest tombs in the nave and in the south aisle of the choir contain remains of bishops and knights , and large flat slabs in the now completely @ - @ covered nave of the cathedral mark the location of the burials . the tombs of the dignitaries and clergy ,two others , were in the chanonry and were destroyed by fire on three occasions : in 1270 , 1390 and 1402 . the two wings of the west front are mostly complete and were part of the first phase of construction . only the bishop ' s palace is still intact ; two others have been incorporated into private buildings . a protective wall of massive stones enclosed the cathedral precinct , but only a small portion has survived . the walls had four entrance gates , one of which — the west gate — still stands . = = early cathedral ##s of moray = = the see of elgin was a rural diocese within the pre @ - @ - province of the scottish church , st andrews , which had evolved from a more ancient , celtic diocese and administered rural areas . it is unclear whether there were bishops of moray before c . 1120 but the first known prelate — , later translated to dunkeld — was gregory ( or gregoir ) . he was a bishop in name only , with the first resident bishop being richard of elgin . he was a signatory to the first charter of the diocese , issued by david i ( alaxandair mac mail choluim ) between december 1123 and january 1124 , and again in a charter defining the ecclesiastical rights of the new diocese . he is mentioned for the first time when he witnessed a charter issued by david i to dunfermline abbey in c . 1128 . after the defeat of oengus of moray ' s rebellion in 1130 , king david must have seen the continued presence of bishops in moray as essential to the stability of the province . these early bishops had no settled site for their cathedral , and established it successively at the villages of birnie , kinneddar and spynie . pope innocent iii issued an apostolic bull on 7 march 1206 that authorised bishop bricius de douglas to fix his cathedral church at spynie — its consecration was held between spring 1207 and autumn 1208 . a chapter of four canons and two lay ##men was established and based its constitution on that of the cathedral . elgin became the lay centre of the diocese under david i , who probably built the first castle in the town , and it may have been this castle , with the promise of its security , that prompted bricius , before christmas 1216 , to petition the pope to move the seat from spynie . = = cathedral church at elgin = = despite bricius ' s successful appeal , it was not until andreas de moravia 'the fact that pope honorius iii issued his bull on 15 july 1224 directing his successors gilbert de moravia , bishop of caithness , robert , bishop of kinloss and john , bishop of ross to consider the suitability of transferring the cathedra to elgin . the bishop of caithness and the dean of ross performed the consecration ceremony on 17 july 1224 . on 10 july , alexander ii ( alaxandair mac uilliam ) , agreed to the transference of an act that referred to his having given the land granted for this purpose . the land grant predated the papal mandate and there is evidence that construction had begun by about 1215 . construction of the cathedral was completed after 1242 . chronicler william of fordun recorded without doubt that in 1270 the cathedral church and the canons ' house had burned down . the cathedral was rebuilt in a larger and better style to form the greater part of the building that is now extant , and that is believed to have been followed by the outbreak of the wars of scottish independence in 1296 . although edward i of england sent an army to elgin in 1296 and again in 1303 , the cathedral was left unscathed , as it was under his uncle edward iii during his raid on moray in 1336 . soon after his election to the see in 1362 – 63 , bishop john bur requested funds from pope urban vi for repairs to the cathedral , citing frequent and violent storms . in about 1370 bur began providing services to alexander stewart , lord of badenoch , known as the wolf of badenoch , who became earl of buchan in 1380 , and who was father of the future king james ii . the disputes between stewart and buchan resulted in buchan ' s death in may 1390 and the bishop turning to thomas dunbar , son of the earl of dunbar , to provide the protection service . these actions by the bishop , and the frustration buchan may have felt about the reappointment of his uncle robert stewart , earl of dunbar as guardian of scotland , may have caused him to react violently : in may , he descended from his island fortress on lochindorb and burned the town of forres , followed in june by the town of elgin and the cathedral with its canons . it is believed that he also burned pluscarden castle at this time , which was officially under the bishop ' s protection . bur wrote to bruce , seeking reparation for his brother' s actions in a letter include : robert ii granted him an annuity of £ ##400 for the remainder of the bishop ' s lifetime , and the diocese provided income from the parish church during the following years . in 1400 , he wrote to the abbot of arbroath complaining that the abbot ' s prebendary churches in the surrounding area had not paid their taxes towards the cathedral treasury . in the same year bur wrote to the abbot of aberchirder ##e , informing him that he was owed three years ' worth of the tax that had been imposed on the @ - @ prebendary churches in 1397 . again , on 1 july 1402 , the cathedral and its lands were attacked , this time by alexander of lochaber , son of domhnall of galloway , lord of the isles ; he spared the cathedral but destroyed the manses . for this action , lochaber and his supporters were excommunicated , prompting lochaber ' s successor in september to give up and gain land . in 1408 , the money raised during the ecclesiastic synod was diverted to the rebuilding , and in 1413 a grant from the customs of inverness was provided . increasingly , the appropriation of the parish church revenues led in many cases to churches becoming dilapidated and unable to support educated clergy . by the late middle ages , the quality of pastoral care outside the royal burghs had also declined . bishop john innes ( 1407 – [UNK] ) contributed much to the rebuilding of the cathedral , as evidenced by the inscription on his tomb praising his work . when he died , the chapter assembled , — " in quadam ##us secreta in campanili ecclesie moraviensis " — and agreed that should one of their number be elected to the bishopric , the bishop would grant one third of the income of the chapter , until the rebuilding was finished . the major additions to the west tower were completed before 1435 and contain the arms of bishop john de dunbar ( 1422 – [UNK] ) , and it is likely that both the north and south aisles of the choir were finished before 1460 , as the north aisle contains the tomb of john of gaunt ( 1435 – [UNK] ) . perhaps the most significant architectural feature was the major restructuring of the choir between 1482 and 1501 , which contains the arms of bishop andrew stewart . = = = internal organisation = = = the dignitaries and canons constituted the chapter and had the important role of aiding thebishop oversaw the administration of the church . often the bishop was the formal head of the chapter only and was excluded from its own @ - @ - processes , the chapter being led by the dean as its superior . as the chapter of elgin based its constitution on that of lincoln cathedral , the bishop was allowed to sit within the chapter but not as an ordinary canon . he was not unique in this : the bishops of aberdeen , brechin , caithness , orkney and ross were ordinary canons in their own chapters . each morning , the chapter held a meeting in the cathedral where a passage from the monastic rule book of st benedict was read before the canons of the day were discussed . bishop bricius ' own chapter of eight canons consisted of the dean , provost , archdeacon , archdeacon , treasurer and three lay canons . his successor , bishop andreas de moravia , greatly expanded the chapter to provide for the much enlarged clergy by creating two additional secular offices ( succentor and subdean ) and added two more canons . in all , 23 canons had been created by the time of andreas ' death , and a further 10 were created just before the scottish reformation . prebendary churches were at the disposal of the bishop . the churches either lay within the diocesan lands or had been granted to the bishop by a family as patronage . in the case of elgin cathedral , the de moravia family , of which bishop andreas was a member , is noted as having the patronage of many churches entitled to them . the canons , or deans of christianity as they were known in the scottish church , oversaw the priests of the deaneries and implemented the bishop ' s edicts . there were four deaneries in the elgin diocese — elgin , inverness , strathspey and strathbogie — and these provided the clergy not only for the cathedral and chapter but also for other religious institutions within and outside the diocese . many lands were granted to the designated canons , and a large number were held in common . the bishop received mensal and prebendary income from his various offices as prelate and administrator . the administration of the law of the clergy and laity was vested entirely in the bishop , who appointed judges to the ecclesiastical , criminal and civil courts . the bishop , assisted by his canons , produced the church laws and regulations for the bishopric and these were read at regular weekly intervals by the bishop or , in his absence , by the chapter . the diocesan adju##dicated or ecclesiastical courts looked at matters of inheritance , marriages , deaths , widows , orphans , wills and other related legal matters . in scotland , these courts were held at elgin and inverness . by 1452 the earl of angus held all his estates in one regality and had courts of regality presided over by bailiffs and deputies to ensure the distribution of revenues from his estates . = = = ecclesiastical . = = = large cathedrals such as elgin had no foundation altars and choir services and had to be suitably staffed with canons supported by a large number of priests and vicars . bishop andreas allowed for the canons to be represented by seventeen courts made up of five clerks , five deacons and five sub @ - @ choral — later the number of vicars was increased to twenty five . by 1350 the canons at elgin could only live on their stipends and bishop john of pilmuir provided them with the income from two churches and the support of clergy from thomas randolph , second earl of moray . by 1489 each vicar had a salary of 12 marks ; the others , 10 marks ; two , eight marks ; three , seven marks , and four , five marks ; each vicar was assisted only by a canon who was required to give three months ' notice in the event of his employment being terminated . the vicars were of two types : the sub @ - @ choral who worked alone in the cathedral taking the main services and the parish priest who conducted services at the various church altars though there was some overlapping of duties . although the chapter followed the canons of elgin , the conduct of the canons copied that of the cathedral . it is recorded that elgin ' s sub @ - @ choral was subject to a correction for shortcomings in the performance of the services , resulting in fines . more serious violations could end in corporal punishment , which was administered in the cathedral by the sub @ - @ deacon and witnessed by the chapter . king robert iii created a chaplaincy for the earl of st duncan , who died in battle with bruce at elgin . the chapel most frequently referenced in records is st george the martyr , located in the north transept and staffed by five canons . other chapels mentioned are those of the holy trinity , st andrew , st duthac , st lawrence , st mary magdalene , st mary the virgin and st andrew . at the time of bishop bur ' s episcopate ( 1362 – 1397 ), the cathedral had 32 canons ( excluding dignitaries ) , two vicars @ - @ time and about the same number of priests . despite these restrictions , not all the canons were regularly present at the mass of elgin cathedral . this was an inevitable part of life in cathedral churches in a period when careerist clerics would accept services in other churches . this is not to say that the time spent away from the chanonry was without permission , as some canons were appointed to be always present while others were allowed to attend on a part @ - @ time basis . the dean of elgin was permanently in charge ; the precentor , chancellor , and treasurer , were available for half the time . the non @ - @ choral canons had to attend mass for six hours . the chapter began in 1240 to penalise persistently absent canons and broke the terms of their leave by taking a third of their income . in the diocese of elgin and as is assumed in other bishoprics today , when important decisions of the chapter had to be made , an absentee canon had to appoint a cleric to attend on his behalf — this was usually one of the dignitaries who had a higher likelihood of being present . in elgin in 1488 , many canons were not bound by the terms of their leave of absence , resulting in each of them receiving a second summons and a summons ; despite this , ten canons refused to attend and had a seventh of their prebendary income taken . the bulk of the workload fell to the vicars and a small number of permanent canons who were responsible for the high mass and for preaching and conducting sermons and other ##ing ##s . church services were held daily , most of which were reserved for the clergy and took place behind the rood screen which separated the high altar and choir from the worshipers . only cathedrals , parish churches and large collegiate churches were resourced to perform the more important services ; the services in the larger churches were more basic . the clergy were augmented by an increasing number of lay lawyers and clerks as well as builders , builders , builders , plumbers , and gardeners . master john the mason and master richard the glazier are mentioned in the chartulary of the cathedral . = = = chanonry and burgh = = = the chanonry , referred to in the cathedral ' s chartulary as the college of the chanonry or simply as the college , was the group of the canons ' manses that were divided intothe cathedral . a curtain wall , over 2 @ . @ 3 metres ( 10 ft ) high , 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) wide and over 820 metres ( 3 @ , @ 690 ft ) in length , enclosed the cathedral and manses and separated the church clergy from the laity ; only the manse of rhynie lay within the curtain wall . the residences of the vicars and the many canons were also contained within the west wall . the wall had four ports : the west port gave access to the burgh , the east port provided access to the entrance to the bishop ' s palace of spynie , the south port opened opposite the castle of maison dieu and the south east or panns port allowed access to the meadowland called le pannis . the panns port formed the defensive defences of the gate @ - @ . ( fig . 1 ) . the provost or archdeacon was responsible for building his own manse and was built to show his authority within the church . the castle having proved unsuitable , edward i of england stayed at the castle of duffus on 10 and 11 august 1303 as did james ii in 1455 . in 1489 , a century after the english attack on the cathedral and abbey in 1390 and 1402 , the ordnance survey found the chanonry still lacking one of its buildings . the chapter ordered that the canons , including the succentor and the archdeacon , should immediately " purchase , construct , build , and otherwise repair their manses , and the enclosures of their lands within the diocese of moray " . the manse of the precentor , erroneously called the canon ' s house , is still intact and is dated 1557 . ( fig . 2 ) parts of the canon ' s house and the archdeacon ' s house ( fig . 3 ) are now part of the buildings . the hospital of maison dieu , dedicated to st andrew and located near the cathedral , and outside the chanonry , was founded by st andreas before 1237 for the care of the poor . it suffered bomb damage in 1390 and again in 1445 . the cathedral chapter maintained it as a secular benefice but in later times it may , in common with other hospitals , have become independent through a lack of patronage . bishop james i gave it to the bishop of elgin on 17 november 1520 , perhaps in an effort to preserve its existence . the property then passed into the hands of the crown at the reformationand in 1595 was granted to the town by james vi for educational purposes and for helping the poor . in 1624 , an almshouse was constructed to replace the original building , and in 1750 a storm substantially damaged its relatively recent ruins . the remnants of the original building were finally demolished during a late @ - @ century redevelopment of the area . there were three churches in the burgh . the dominican black friars priory was founded in the western part of the town in 1233 . the franciscan ( friars minor ##es ) grey friars friary was also founded in the eastern part of the town sometime before 1281 . it is likely that this dominican black friars foundation did not long survive , but was followed between 1479 and 1513 by the foundation of a friary near elgin cathedral by the franciscan ( observants ) grey friars . the building was taken into the ownership of the burgh in 1559 and later became the palace of justice in 1563 . in 1489 , the chapter founded a school that was not only a song school for the poor but was intended to be used to provide an education in music and reading for the children of elgin . = = = post – reformation = = = in september 1560 , parliament met in aberdeen and declared that the scottish church would be dissolved , the pope would have no authority and that the catholic mass was forbidden . scottish churches generally survived only if they were used as parish churches and as elgin had been largely absorbed by the diocese of st giles , its church was closed . an act of parliament passed on 24 august 1567 directed regent lord james stewart ' s privy council to order the removal of the lead from the roofs of the elgin and aberdeen cathedrals , to be sold for the use of his army , when the overladen ship that was intended to take the army to aberdeen sank and sank in the harbour . in 1615 , john taylor , the ' london merchant ' , described elgin cathedral as " a faire and beautiful church with two steeples , the roof of it and the choir all yet complete ; but the walls , windowes and many other monuments and tombes of saints and worthie men are fallen and broken " . decay soon set in and the roof of the chancel limb collapsed during a storm on 22 august 1637 . in 1640 the general assembly ordered gilbert ross , the minister of st giles kirk , to remove the rood screen which still partitioned the chancel and presbytery from the nave . rossthey assisted in this by the lairds of innes and brodie who tore it up for timber . it is believed that the destruction of the great east window was caused by oliver cromwell ' s soldiers sometime between 1650 and 1660 . at some point the cathedral grounds had become the burial ground for elgin . the town council allowed for the boundary wall to be repaired in 1685 but again , the council ordered that the stone from the walls should not be used for that purpose . although the building was becoming increasingly dilapidated the chapterhouse continued to be used for some of the building trades from 1671 to 1676 and then again from 1701 to about 1731 . no attempt was made to stabilise the building and on easter monday 1711 the church roof gave way , demolishing the nave . following this collapse , the " quarrying " of the cathedral ' s stone ##work for local projects began . many artists visited elgin to paint the cathedral , and it is from their sketches that the slow but steady decay can be observed . by the closing years of the 18th century , visitors to elgin began to visit the ruin , and books giving the history of the cathedral were prepared for those early visitors . in 1773 samuel johnson wrote , " a paper was put into our hands , which obtained from the authorities the history of this ancient ruin . " since the abolition of slavery in the scottish church in 1689 , ownership of the old cathedral passed to the crown , but no attempt to halt the decay of the building took place . realising the necessity to stabilise the building , the elgin town council initiated the demolition of the boundary wall in 1809 and cleared debris from the surrounding area in about 1815 . the lord provost of elgin petitioned the cathedral ' s remembrancer for funds to build a new building for the chapterhouse and in 1824 , £ 121 was provided to the architect robert reid for its construction . reid was instrumental in the establishment of a conservation policy for historical buildings in scotland and rose to become the first head of the scottish office of works ( sow ) in 1827 . it was probably during his time at the sow that the supporting beams to the choir and side walls were constructed . in 1824 john shanks , an elgin shoemaker and an important figure in the conservation of the cathedral , began his work . assisted by local gentleman john forsyth , he cleared the site of centuries of rubbish piles and debris . shanks was subsequently appointed the site ' s keeper and watchman in 1826 . although his work was highly valued at the time and brought the site back into regular use ,his early clearance ##s may have resulted in much valuable evidence of the cathedral ' s history being lost . he died on 14 december 1841 , aged 67 . a year later , the inverness courier published a biographical piece on him , calling him the " beadle and builder of elgin cathedral " , and adding : only minor alterations took place during the remainder of the 19th century and continuing into the early 20th century . during the 1930s , major work commenced that included a new roof to protect the vaulted ceiling of the south choir aisle . from 1960 onwards the crumbling external walls were repaired and new windows were installed in the chapterhouse , which was re @ - @ ##oned to protect the vaulted ceiling . from 1988 to 2000 , the two bell towers were completely overhauled with a viewing platform added to the top of the north tower . = = building phases = = = = = construction 1224 – 1270 = = = the original church was markedly rectangular in shape and smaller than the present floor plan . this early church had a choir without aisles and more aisles , and a nave with only a single aisle on its north and south sides ( fig . 4 ) . the bell tower rises above the level of the north and south aisles and may have held bells in the upper part . the north wall of the choir is the oldest extant structure , dating to the years immediately after the cathedral ' s 1224 completion ; the clerestory windows on top of it are from the later re @ - @ 1270 reconstruction . this reconstruction has brought the windows down to a lower level above ground , demonstrating that there was an external structure and proving that the choir probably once had an aisle ( fig . 5 ) . the south transept ' s chancel arch is nearly complete , showing the fine workmanship of the first church . it shows the gothic pointed arch style in the style that first appeared in france in the mid @ - @ 12th century and was apparent in england by 1170 , but not widespread in scotland until the late 13th century . it also shows the round early gothic window form that continued to be used in scotland during the entire gothic period ( fig . 6 ) . the windows and the arches are of roughly dressed ashlar stone . a doorway in the re @ - @ # side of the wall has large mouldings and has a pointed oval window just above it . next to the doorway are two lancet @ - @ arched windows that are topped at the upper level with two round @ - @ arched windows . the north trans##ept has much evidence of this structure preserved , but much of what does remain , taken together with a study by john slezer in 1693 , suggests that it was similar to the south aisle , except that the south aisle had no entrance door and featured a square case for a bell . the west front has two 14th century buttressed towers 27 @ . @ 4 metres ( 13 ft ) high that were originally topped with wooden screens covered with white lead . although the similarity between the shape of the base walls and the tower suggests that the towers were not part of the original design , it is likely that the building work was not so far advanced that the builders could fully integrate the nave and chancel into each other ( fig . 7 ) . = = = rebuilding and rebuilding @ - @ = = 1270 = = = after the fire of 1270 , a programme of reconstruction was undertaken , with repairs and a major extension . outer aisles were added to the nave , the eastern wing of the choir and nave was doubled in size and new aisles provided on its north and south sides , and the new chapterhouse was built alongside the existing south choir aisle ( figs . 8 & 9 ) . the new northern and southern aisles ran the length of the choir , past the first bay of the presbytery , and contained chapels and vaulted ceilings . the south aisle of the nave contained the tomb of bishop john of winchester , suggesting a construction date for the north aisle between 1435 and 1460 ( fig . 7 ) . chapels were added to the new outer aisles of the nave and were partitioned from each other with wooden screens . the first bay at the west end of each of these aisles and next to the two chapels did not contain a chapel but instead contained an entrance door for the laity . in august 1390 , alexander stewart , robert stewart ' s son , burned the church , castle and burgh of elgin . this fire was extremely destructive , requiring the west front to be completely rebuilt along with the main part of the nave . the main western gable between the towers was rebuilt and the main north doorway and porch were rebuilt . the internal decoration of the church is late 14th or early 15th century and is richly carved with branches , leaves , flowers and oak leaves . a large pointed arched opening in the wall immediately above the main door contained a series of windows , the earliest of which is a circular pointed arch window dating from between 1422 and 1435 .just above it can be seen three coats of arms : on the right is that of the bishop of elgin , in the centre is the royal arms of scotland , and on the left is the royal shield of bishop columba dunbar ( fig . 11 ) . the walls of the nave are all very low , even at foundation level , except the section in the south aisle which is near its original height . this section has windows that appear to have been added in the 15th century to replace the 14th century windows : they may have been constructed after the 1390 attack ( fig . 12 ) . little of the elevated part of the nave remains , but its appearance can be seen from the arches seen where it connects to the outer walls of the nave . nothing of the crossing now remains following the collapse of the west tower in 1711 . elgin cathedral is unique in scotland in having an english style octagonal chapterhouse and french influenced side aisles along each side of the nave ; in england , only chichester cathedral has similar features . the chapterhouse , which had been attached to the nave by a barrel vaulted vestry , underwent extensive modifications and was eventually replaced with a vaulted roof supported by a single pillar ( fig . 13 & 14 ) . the chapterhouse measures 3 @ . @ 3 metres ( 10 ft ) high at the apex and 11 @ . @ 11 metres ( 37 ft ) from wall to west wall ; it was largely rebuilt by bishop andrew stewart ( 1482 – 1501 ) , whose coat of arms is shown on the central pillar . bishop andrew was the younger @ - @ brother of king james ii . the delay to the completion of these repairs until this bishop ' s death demonstrates the extent of the damage from the 1390 attack . = = = 19th and 20th century stabilisation = = = in 1847 – , some of the old houses associated with the church on the west side were demolished , and some minor alterations were made to the boundary wall . structural strengthening of the roof and extensive reconstruction work occurred in the early 20th century , including restoration of the east gable and window in 1904 and the replacement of the original chimney pieces , mullions , and decorative elements to the windows in the north @ - @ west wall of the chapterhouse ( fig . 14 ) . by 1913 , repointing the roof and the waterproofing of the wall tops were completed . in 1924 the roof level was raised and the 17th century tomb of the earl of huntly was restored . further strengthening and restoration occurred during the 1930s, including the complete restoration of some 14th century windows ( fig . 16 ) , the rebuilding of some of the tower piers with sandstone pieces ( fig . 17 ) , and the addition of new walls to the vault in the south choir in 1939 ( fig . 18 ) . from 1960 to 2000 , volunteers restored the cathedral ' s internal fabric ( fig . 19 ) and between 1976 and 1988 , the great vault of the choir was completely restored , and the north @ - @ tower was restored ( fig . 20 ) . floors , galleries , and a new roof were added to the north @ - @ west tower between 1988 and 1998 and further restoration work was completed on the north @ - @ west tower between 1998 and 2000 ( fig . 21 ) . = = burials = = andreas de moravia – buried on the south side of the choir under a large blue marble tomb david de dunbar – buried in the choir william de spynie – buried in the choir alexander gordon ( d . 1501 ) alexander gordon , 1st earl of huntly columba de dunbar ( c . 1386 – 1435 ) was bishop of moray from 1422 until his death = = historical monuments = =