= the amps = the amps were an american alternative @ - @ garage rock band . formed by kim deal in 1995 after her band the breeders went on hiatus , the group consisted of deal , vocals and guitar ; luis lerma , bass ; nate farley , guitars ; and the breeders ' jim macpherson , drums . the breeders ' kelley deal , kim ' s sister , was also briefly involved , but had to leave the band due to drug problems . the group was formed when kim deal started calling herself tammy deal for good , and the band tammy and the breeders . they recorded the album together in ireland and the united kingdom . it was released in october 1995 . the group toured the united states , canada , and japan , with acts including the foo fighters , sonic youth , and guided by voices . critics commented on the loose and rough quality of these shows . the group toured as a trio until 1996 , when they changed their name back to the breeders . by 2000 , macpherson , lerma , and farley had left the band ; they were also at times involved in various projects with guided by voices ' robert pollard . deal ' s next album , the breeders ' album tk , was released two years after pacer . = = history and formation = = from 1986 to 1992 , deal was a member of the breeders , and from 1989 onwards , the breeders . in october 1993 , the breeders released their second album , last chance , which went platinum in the usa , gold in ireland , and gold in the uk . the other members of the group at that time were kim ' s twin sister kelley deal , josephine wiggs and jim macpherson . by late 1994 , after two years of straight touring and recording , and participating in the lollapalooza tour , the band members were exhausted ; they decided to take some time off from the band , but this time ended up taking longer than expected . kelley was arrested on drug charges in december 1994 and spent time in and out of prison , while wiggs was involved in musical projects in new york , including working with members of michael jackson . however , kim deal was eager to continue recording and touring . at first , she envisioned her next album as a solo record , on which she would play most of the guitar parts . when she was recording initial tracks for the album , she asked kelley to play on some of them , to distract her from her drug problems . since kelley was now fully involved , she decided not to go solo, but not her new group . she recruited macpherson to play drums , musician luis lerma , bass , and nate farley , guitar . however , kelley dropped out of the band for rehabilitation and moved to saint paul , minnesota . for fun , deal began calling herself tammy ampersand , and the band , tammy and the children . this later became just the children . = = recording and touring = = the amps recorded an album , pacer , which was recorded at six different locations . the first session , at easley studios in nashville , tennessee , was engineered by davis mccain and doug easley . there they recorded new songs , including what would become pacer ' s single , " tipp city " . this recording opportunity came about when she was finishing a planned record with guided by voices ; when that band finished work on their album , deal used the leftover studio time for her own album . following the easley studios session , recording for pacer continued at six different locations in 1995 , including studios in chicago , los angeles , dublin , and deal ' s hometown , dayton , ohio . musicians steve albini , mike agnello , bryce goggin and others each helped engineer one or more of these sessions . it came out in october 1995 . the band toured throughout 1995 and 1996 . early shows , before releasing pacer , were june 1995 shows in dayton : one with the offspring and another with guided by voices . they toured with guided by voices and helium in the united kingdom in september , visiting cities such as london , glasgow , and sheffield , and played a show with guided by voices in ohio in october . the amps played a series of live shows in october and november with sonic youth , then shows in boston and chicago with helium , in seattle and portland with bikini kill , and in los angeles with mike watt . following the tour with sonic youth , the amps began a tour of europe . in january 1996 , they played the sonar festival in france . that summer , the amps toured with the foo fighters in the united states , in locations such as chicago ( with that band ) , boston , massachusetts , and austin , texas ( with jawbreaker ) . in 1995 and 1996 , they also played shows with the tasties and helium . billboard described the concerts by the band as fun and silly . the chronicle ' s drema crist praised their show at an unidentified location as " fun @ - @ spirited and silly " . greg kot of the chicago tribunedescribed some of their chicago shows as " too @ - @ kilter " and felt that " deal ' s gruff vocals were swallowed up by the bass , and the band ' s sweet melodies were lost amid all the bashing . " a review in the chicago reader of the same year noted that " the amps play with a low @ - @ up , dull sound . " the phoenix ' s david ashare wrote that at their december 1995 show in chicago " the amps didn ' t click in a way that would suggest that this was deal ' s new , full @ - @ up band " ; he concluded that it was " an extremely gritty way for deal to blow off some steam while the breeders [ took ] a short break " . in boston rock , this concert was characterized as " dull " and " charm [ ing ] . . . . - around kim ' s gruff vocals and infectious guitar " . = = = the breeders = = = in 1996 , deal changed the name of the group back to the breeders , still with essentially the same line @ - @ up as the original . until then , deal had been waiting for wiggs and kelley to rejoin the group and record a new album together , and had held back from joining the breeders out of respect for them . in december 1996 , wiggs revealed that she would not be participating in any immediate breeders reunion ; kelley instead chose to stay in saint paul , to be close to her medical facility . deal then decided that she did not want to wait any longer to rejoin the group , partly because the breeders ' repertoire was larger than the amps ' , thus preventing more concerts . deal added violinist carrie kelley ( who had played on the breeders ' pod album ) , and with macpherson , lerma , and farley , played several shows in 1996 with them . by 1998 , kelley had left and macpherson had left the group , and by 2000 lerma and farley had also left . the breeders , with a line @ - @ up including the deal sisters and new members mando lopez and jose medeles , released the album title tk in 2002 and title ep in 2008 . previously , macpherson was a member of guided by voices from 1998 to 2001 , and was in side projects with guided by voices ' robert pollard until 2005 . lerma and farley had been members of the tasties , and in 1999 were in pollard ' s lexo and the others side project group ; the##ley was also a member of guided by voices from 1999 to 2004 . in 2013 , the # d @ - @ era ##d ' @ - @ era of kim and kelley deal , macpherson , and wiggs reunited to tour to celebrate the 20th anniversary of that album . = = singles = = kim - – vocals , guitar luis lerma – [UNK] nate farley – keyboards jim macpherson – [UNK] = = singles = = = = = album = = = = = = single = = =