= = = ceratopsia or ceratopia ( / [UNK] / or / [UNK] / ; greek : " horned lizard " ) was a group of herbivorous , armored dinosaurs that thrived in what is now north america , europe , and asia , during the cretaceous period , although some members lived earlier , during the jurassic . the earliest known ceratopsian , yinlong downsi , lived between 161 @ . @ 7 and 155 @ . @ 7 million years ago . the last ceratopsian species , named prorsus , became extinct during the cretaceous – paleogene extinction event , 66 million years ago . early members of the dinosaur group , such as dinosaurs , were mostly bipedal dinosaurs . later members , including ceratopsids like centrosaurus and triceratops , were very large , and developed large facial teeth and frills extending from the skull . while these frills might have served to protect the long neck from predators , they may also have been used for camouflage , thermoregulation , the use of the neck and cheek teeth or a combination of the two . they ranged in size from 1 meter ( 3 ft ) and 23 kilograms ( 50 lb ) to over 9 meters ( 30 ft ) and 12 @ , @ 450 kilograms ( 12 @ , @ 000 lb ) . triceratops is by far the largest @ - @ - known to the general public . it is traditional for ceratopsian genus names to end in " - ceratops " , although this is not always the case . one of the earliest named species was ceratops itself , which gave its name to the group , although it is considered a nomen dubium , as its fossil remains show no distinguishing features that are not commonly found in other ceratopsians . = = anatomy = = ceratopsians are easily distinguished by features of the skull . on the tip of the ceratopsian upper jaw is the rostral bone , an edentulous ( triangular ) ossification , common to mammals . othniel charles darwin recognized and named this bone , which evolved as a mirror image of the predentary bone in the lower jaw . this bone evolved to greatly aid the absorption of plant matter . as with the predentary bone , which forms the tip of the lower jaw in most mammals , the rostraland a superficially parrot @ - @ like beak . also , the jugal bones behind the eye are very small and stick out sideways , making the skull appear almost triangular when viewed from above . this triangular shape is reinforced in all species by the rearwards extension of the parietal and squamosal bones of the skull itself , to form the neck vertebrae . the epoccipital is a bony bone found on the frills of ceratopsians . the name is a pun , as they are closely related with the occipital bone . epoccipitals appear as small structures that attach during the animal ' s growth to either the squamosal or the bones that make up the roof of the skull . these bones are ornamental instead of functional , and may have helped differentiate them . epoccipitals probably were present in all known ceratopsids with the possible exception of zuniceratops . they appear to have been quite different from short @ - @ shaped ceratopsids ( centrosaurines ) and long @ - @ shaped ceratopsids ( chasmosaurines ) , being elliptical with constricted bases in the former group , and triangular with rounded bases in the latter group . within these broad definitions , different species would have slightly different shapes and sizes . in centrosaurines especially , like centrosaurus , pachyrhinosaurus , and others , these bones become long and spike - or hook @ - @ like . a well @ - @ shaped example is the distinctive dorsal pattern of broad ##ened epoccipitals on the frill of skulls . when considering the bone ' s morphogenetic traits , they can be classified as dermal . the term epoccipital was coined by american paleontologist othniel charles marsh in 1889 . = = history of dinosaur = = the first ceratopsian remains known to science were discovered during the u . s . geological and biological survey of the territories led by the american geologist j . w . hayden . bones found during an 1855 expedition to montana were first assigned to hadrosaurids and included in the genus trachodon . it was not until the early 20th century that some of these were recognized as ceratopsian fossils . during one of hayden ' s expeditions in 1872 , charles bradford meek found several giant bones recovered from a hillside in southwestern wyoming . this unusual pale##ontologist edward drinker cope , who led a team to examine the partial skeleton . cope recognized the specimen as a dinosaur , but noted that even though the fossil was a skull , it was distinct from any kind of dinosaur then known . cope named the new species agathaumas sylvestris , meaning " marvellous forest @ - @ dweller " . soon after , cope named two other dinosaurs that would later come to be recognized as ceratopsids : polyonax and monoclonius . monoclonius was named for the amount of dinosaur remains recovered , including the first examples of ceratopsid horns and frills . the monoclonius fossils were found by cope , assisted by charles hazelius sternberg , in the summer of 1876 near the missouri river in chouteau county , montana . since the dinosaurs had not been recognised yet as a distinct group , cope was uncertain about much of the fossil material , not just the nasal horn itself , nor the brow horn , as part of a single horn . the frill bone was interpreted as being part of the horn . in 1888 and 1889 , othniel charles marsh described the two best - known genera , ceratops and ##osaurus . in 1890 marsh placed them both in the family ceratopsidae and the order ceratopsia . this led cope to change his initial classification and to propose that triceratops , monoclonius , and agathaumas actually represented a distinct family of horned dinosaurs , which he named agathaumidae in 1891 . he redescribed monoclonius as a horned dinosaur , with a single nasal horn and two brow horns over the eyes , and a large skull . = = = = = = = defined by othniel charles marsh in 1890 to include dinosaurs with certain distinctive features , including horns , a rostral bone , teeth with two roots , two nasal horns , and a forest @ - @ - pubis . marsh considered the group distinct enough to warrant its own suborder within ornithischia . the name is derived from the greek κερας / logos meaning ' horn ' and οψις / opsis meaning ' head ' . as late as the 1960s , it was noted that the name itself was technically incorrect linguistically and that it should be ceratopia . however , this name , while technically correct , has been used only rarely in the scientific literature, and the vast majority of paleontologists continue to use it . as the iczn does not recognize taxa at the rank of family , this is unlikely to happen . = = = taxonomy = = = following marsh , it has traditionally been classified as a suborder within the clade ##s . although this nomenclature has largely fallen out of favor among most scientists , some authors have continued to employ such a system , although they have disagreed on what the rank should be . those who still use the system of nomenclature have retained the traditional rank of family , though some have advanced to the rank of infraorder . this list of dinosaur genera by name and location underwent a revision by john w . holtz , jr . in 2010 . genus albalophosaurus - ( china ) micropachycephalosaurus - ( shandong , northeastern china ) stenopelix - ( germany ) yinlong - ( shandong , northeastern china ) family chaoyangsauridae chaoyangsaurus - ( liaoning , northeastern china ) xuanhuaceratops - ( hebei , china ) family psittacosauridae † - ( china & mongolia ) neoceratopsia archaeoceratops - ( gansu , northwestern china ) auroraceratops - ( shandong , northwestern china ) helioceratops - ( jilin , northeastern china ) koreaceratops - ( south korea ) kulceratops - ( uzbekistan ) liaoceratops - ( liaoning , northeastern china ) microceratus - ( china ) mosaiceratops - ( central china ) yamaceratops - ( china ) family leptoceratopsidae asiaceratops - ( china , mongolia , russia ) cerasinops - ( montana , us ) gryphoceratops - ( alberta , canada ) ischioceratops - ( china ) leptoceratops - ( alberta , canada & montana , us ) montanoceratops - ( montana , us ) prenoceratops - ( montana , us ) udanoceratops - ( mongolia ) unescoceratops - ( alberta , canada ) zhuchengceratops - ( zhucheng , china ) family bagaceratopidae ajkaceratops - ( mongolia ) bagaceratops - ( mongolia ) bainoceratops - ( mongolia ) gobiceratops - ( mongolia ) lamaceratops - ( mongolia ) family protoceratopsidae breviceratops - ( mongolia ) gr##aciliceratops - ( mongolia ) magnirostris - ( inner mongolia , china ) [UNK] - ( mongolia ) superfamily ceratopsoidea turanoceratops - ( mongolia ) zuniceratops - ( new mexico , usa ) family ceratopsidae subfamily centrosaurinae albertaceratops - ( alberta , usa & ? montana , usa ) avaceratops - ( montana , usa ) brachyceratops - ( montana , usa & alberta , canada ) centrosaurus - ( alberta , canada ) coronosaurus - ( alberta , usa ) diabloceratops - ( utah , usa ) monoclonius - ( montana , usa & alberta , canada ) nasutoceratops - ( montana , usa ) rubeosaurus - ( montana , usa ) spinops - ( montana , usa ) rufus - ( alberta , usa & montana , usa ) xenoceratops - ( alberta , usa ) tribe pachyrhinosaurini achelousaurus - ( montana , usa ) einiosaurus - ( montana , usa ) pachyrhinosaurus - ( arizona , usa & montana , usa ) sinoceratops - ( shandong , china ) subfamily ceratopsinae ceratops - ( montana , usa & alberta , canada ) subfamily chasmosaurinae agathaumas - ( texas , usa ) agujaceratops - ( texas , usa ) anchiceratops - ( texas , usa ) arrhinoceratops - ( alberta , usa ) chasmosaurus - ( alberta , usa ) coahuilaceratops - ( sonora , usa ) ? dysganus - ( montana , usa ) judiceratops - ( montana , usa ) kosmoceratops - ( montana , usa ) medusaceratops - ( montana , usa ) mojoceratops - ( alberta & saskatchewan , canada ) pentaceratops - ( new mexico , usa ) ? polyonax - ( wyoming , usa ) utahceratops - ( utah , usa ) vagaceratops - ( alberta , usa ) tribe triceratopsini eotriceratops - ( alberta , usa ) nedoceratops - ( wyoming , usa ) ojoceratops - ( new mexico , usa ) regaliceratops - ( alberta , usa ) tatankaceratops - ( south dakota , usa ) titanoceratops - ( new mexico , usa ) torosaurus - ( wyoming , montana , south dakota , north dakota , & minnesota , montana & alberta , canada ) (- ( montana & wyoming , usa & saskatchewan & alberta , canada ) . ceratopsians from the southern hemisphere include the genus serendipaceratops , known from an individual , and notoceratops from argentina is known from a single toothless jaw ( which has been lost ) . craspedodon from the late cretaceous ( santonian ) of belgium may also be a ceratopsian , or a neoceratopsian closer to ceratopsoidea than protoceratopsidae . some leptoceratopsid fossils have also been found from the early campanian of sweden . = = = phylogeny = = = paleontologists today agree on the basic structure of the ceratopsian phylogenetic tree , although there are differences between some taxa . there have been several cladistic analyses performed on basal taxa since 2000 . none have used the taxon listed above and many of the differences between the taxa are still significant . in the @ - @ based phylogenetic taxonomy , it is generally defined to include all animals more closely related to it than to it . under this definition , the most basal known forms are yinlong , from the late jurassic period , along with chaoyangsaurus and the family psittacosauridae , from the early cretaceous period , all of which were discovered in northern china or mongolia . the rostral bones and the jugals are already present in all of these forms , meaning that much younger forms need to be discovered . the clade neoceratopsia includes all ceratopsians more derived than psittacosaurids . another clade of neoceratopsians is called coronosauria , which also includes all animals more derived than auroraceratops . coronosaurs show the first development of the neck vertebrae and the loss of the first two neck vertebrae to accommodate the more heavy head . within coronosauria , three groups are generally recognized , although the membership of these groups varies greatly from study to study and some taxa do not belong to any of them . one group may be called protoceratopsidae and includes asia and its closest relatives , mostly asian . another group , leptoceratopsidae , includes all north american animals that are more closely related to leptoceratops . the ceratopsoidea includes animals like zuniceratops , which are more closely related to the family homo . thisthis family includes triceratops and all the other north american genera and is further divided into the subfamilies centrosaurinae and ceratopsinae ( also known as chasmosaurinae ) . = = = = farke phylogeny = = = = andrew farke and his colleagues in 2014 published a description of a new neoceratopsian , aquilops americanus , in the + @ - @ reviewed scientific journal plos one . they combined their data as well as several other known taxa to produce a consensus cladogram . they created their own phylogenetic tree and their analysis found that several groups of taxa could be supported , and that aquilops was a basal neoceratopsian that could also be a protoceratopsid , leptoceratopsid , or ceratopsid , although any one of these groups would form a large ghost lineage with aquilops . their study also produced an phylogenetic analysis , finding ajkaceratops not as a neoceratopsian but a protoceratopsid . little else about the clade changed . = = = = xu / makovicky / chinnery phylogeny = = = = xu xing of the chinese institute of vertebrate zoology and geology ( ivpp ) in beijing , along with peter makovicky , formerly of the american museum of natural history ( amnh ) in new york , and others , published a cladistic analysis of the 2002 description of liaoceratops . this analysis is very similar to one published by makovicky in 2001 . makovicky , who currently works at the field museum of natural history in chicago , also published this analysis in his 2002 doctoral thesis . xu and her colleagues added yinlong to this analysis in 2006 . brenda chinnery , formerly of the university of the rockies in helena , montana , independently described prenoceratops in 2005 and published a new phylogeny . in 2006 , makovicky and john norell of the amnh incorporated chinnery ' s analysis into their analysis and also included yamaceratops , although they were not able to include yinlong . the analysis presented below is a summary of xu , makovicky , and their colleagues ' more detailed analysis . chaoyangsaurus is placed in a more basal position than psittacosauridae , although chinnery ' s original analysis placed it within neoceratopsia . the##ceratopsidae is considered to be the sister group of ceratopsoidea . the genus asiaceratops is included in these studies and is found to have a variable appearance , either as a basal neoceratopsian or as a leptoceratopsid , most likely due to the presence of missing teeth . analysis of asiaceratops stabilizes the following cladogram . makovicky ' s phylogenetic analysis includes ivpp v12722 ( " xuanhuasaurus " ) , a late triassic ceratopsian from china that , at the time , was awaiting description , and has since been published as xuanhuaceratops . kulceratops and turanoceratops are considered nomina dubia in this analysis . makovicky considers lamaceratops , magnirostris , and platyceratops to be junior synonyms of bagaceratops , and bainoceratops to be synonymous with aurora . = = = = you / dodson = = = = = you hailu of beijing ' s chinese academy of geological sciences , was a team @ - @ member with xu and makovicky in 2002 and , in 2003 , you and peter dodson from the university of cambridge published a phylogenetic analysis . the authors presented this analysis together in 2004 . in 2005 , you and three others , including dodson , published the auroraceratops and inserted this new dinosaur into their analysis . in contrast to the previous analysis , you and dodson found chaoyangsaurus to be the most basal neoceratopsian , more basal than psittacosaurus , and leptoceratopsidae , or protoceratopsidae , is recovered as the sister group of aurora . this analysis includes auroraceratops , but only seven taxa included in xu and makovicky ' s analysis , and it is unclear how related the two groups are . asiaceratops and turanoceratops are also considered nomina dubia and not valid . together with li zhiming , you named magnirostris in 2003 , but to date has not included it in any of his cladograms . = = = = = = = = biogeography = = = aurora appears to have originated in asia , as all of the known fossils are found there . fossil remains , including teeth , which appear to be neoceratopsian , are found in north america from the albian age ( 112 to 100 million years ago ) , indicatingthat the group had dispersed across what is now the bering strait by the end of the cretaceous period . nearly all leptoceratopsids migrated north american , aside from udanoceratops , which may represent a separate evolutionary event , and into asia . ceratopsids and their possible ancestors , such as zuniceratops , are unknown outside of western north america , and were probably restricted to that region . the traditional belief that ceratopsoids originated in north america was called into question by the 2009 discovery of two specimens of the dubious dinosaur genus turanoceratops , which confirmed it as a ceratopsid . it is unclear whether this supposed ceratopsids actually originated in asia , or if the turanoceratops immigrated from north america . = = = individual † = = = unlike almost all other dinosaur groups , skulls are the most commonly preserved elements of dinosaur skeletons and many species are known solely from skulls . there is a great deal of variation between and even within ceratopsian species . complete bone sequences from juvenile to adult are known for psittacosaurus and ##osaurus , allowing the study of ontogenetic differences among these species . significant sexual variation has been noted in humans and several ceratopsids . = = = ecological role = = = humans and ##osaurus are the most common species in the different mongolian formations where they are found . triceratops fossils are far and away the most common dinosaur remains found in the late cretaceous rocks in the western united states , making up as much as 5 / 6ths of the large dinosaur fauna in some areas . these facts indicate that some ceratopsians were the dominant species in their environments . some species of ceratopsians , like centrosaurus and its relatives , appear to have been gregarious , living in herds . this is suggested by bonebed ##s with the remains of several individuals of this species . like modern bison herds , they would have had a significant effect on their diet , as well as serving as a major food source for predators . although ceratopsians are generally considered extinct , a few paleontologists , such as darren naish and david witton , have speculated online that at least some ceratopsians may have been opportunistically omnivorous . = = = diet and locomotion = = = most fossils of dinosaurs show them with erect limbs or with @ - @ sprawling limbs , which suggestthat they were not fast movers . both olson and christiansen ( 2000 ) suggest that at least the smaller ceratopsians had long strides and the larger dinosaurs may have run as fast as birds , which could run at up to 56 km or 35 miles per hour . = = = daily activity = = = = a nocturnal lifestyle has been suggested for the primitive ceratopsian protoceratops . however , comparisons between the scleral rings of dinosaurs and psittacosaurus and modern birds and reptiles indicate that they may have been cathemeral , appearing throughout the day at short intervals . = = = = = = = activity @ - @ related bone rings have been found in birds . periostitis has also been found on the shoulder blade of a bird . = = list of genera = =