= super mario land = super mario land is a 1989 side @ - @ scrolling platform video game , the first in the super mario land series , developed and published by nintendo as a launch title for their game boy handheld game console . in gameplay similar to that of the 1985 super mario bros . , but resized for the smaller console ' s size , the player advances mario to the end of 12 levels by moving to the right and jumping over obstacles to avoid enemies and enemies . like other mario games , super mario land is set in sarasaland , a fantasy environment depicted in line animation , and mario pursues princess daisy . the game features two gradius @ - @ scrolling shooter levels . at nintendo president hiroshi yamauchi ' s request , game boy developer gunpei yokoi ' s nintendo r & d1 developed a mario game to promote the new console . it was the first handheld version of mario and the first to be developed without mario himself and yokoi protege shigeru miyamoto . accordingly , the development team shrunk mario gameplay specifically for the device and used gameplay elements inconsistently from the series . super mario land was used to showcase the series until nintendo of america replaced tetris with new mario boys . the game debuted on the game boy advance in japan ( in 1989 ) and later worldwide . super mario land was later rereleased for the nintendo 3ds via the console in 2011 again as a launch title , which featured some tweaks to the game ' s presentation . initial reviews were mixed . reviewers were satisfied with the smaller super mario bros . , but criticized its short length . they considered it among the best of the game boy advance games . the handheld console became an immediate success and super mario land ultimately sold over 18 million copies , more than that of super mario bros . 2 . both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers praised the game ' s graphics . later reviews were critical of the changes made during development and of super mario land ' s deviance from series standards . the game spawned a series of sequels , including the 1992 super mario land 2 : 6 ½ days , 1994 wario land : super mario land 3 , and 2011 super mario 3d ##s , though many of the series ' gameplay elements were not included . the game was included in several top game boy games , and featured princess daisy as a new mario series character . = = gameplay = = = = side @ - @ scrolling platform ##er and the first in the super mario land series , super mario land is similar in gameplayto take credit : as mario , the player advances to the end of the level by turning to the right and jumping across obstacles to avoid enemies and pitfalls . in super mario land , mario travels to sarasaland to rescue princess daisy from tatanga , an evil spaceman . all of the game ' s twelve levels are " super @ - @ end " gradius @ - @ ends , where mario helms a submarine or ship and launches torpedoes towards various enemies and obstacles . levels end with a platforming challenge to reach an emergency exit located in the regular level . the former leads to a bonus minigame that grants extra lives . unlike previous mario games , which take place in the united kingdom , super mario land is set in sarasaland and drawn in line there . mario pursues princess daisy , in her disguise , rather than the more standard princess in disguise , princess peach . koopa ##s : rather than slide , mario throws bouncing balls rather than rocks , 1 @ - @ end mushroom 2 @ - @ ends are depicted as balloons , and the 3 @ - @ end enemies are presented with a platforming challenge . some elements remain from previous mario games , such as balloons suspended in air , pipes that lead to other areas , and goomba ##s . = = development = = super mario land was developed by nintendo r & d1 and published by nintendo in 1989 as a launch title for their game boy handheld console . nintendo president hiroshi yamauchi felt that mario ##house worked well , and when the company created the game boy handheld console , they wanted a mario game that would feature nintendo ' s mascot , mario , and subsequently other consoles . the job went to nintendo r & d1 , a development team led by game boy inventor gunpei yokoi . yokoi had previously created the game & watch series and worked with his protege , shigeru miyamoto , on the game that inspired mario , donkey kong . super mario land is the fourth super mario title , the first portable mario game , and the first in the series to be developed without miyamoto . absent miyamoto ' s involvement , the development team included staff familiar and unfamiliar with the series . super mario land incorporated elements of the series to fit the new console ' s touch ##screen . yokoi , the founder of r & d1 , served as producer , and satoru okada served as director . they had previously developed metroid ( 1986 ) and kid icarus ( 1986 ) respectively , and the twoinstead , the game designers — yokoi on its industrial design , and okada on its hardware . their super mario land was intended as the portable console ' s opening title until henk ##lund brought tetris to nintendo of america and told minoru arakawa that the handheld computer game would help nintendo reach the largest audience . the company subsequently chose to include tetris with the game boy advance . the game boy was released in japan in april 1989 , north america in june , and europe in september 1990 , and super mario land was a launch title . the game ' s official japanese released was on april 27 , 1989 , in japan , and its north american release followed in july . over 22 years later , super mario land was released for the nintendo 3ds via virtual console on june 6 , 2011 , as one of its opening titles . other added features include an increased camera ( with 60 percent zoom ) and an additional " shades of green " color scheme to match the color of the original game boy ' s monochrome . = = = = = critics described super mario land as a " smaller " and shorter version of super mario bros . ign ' s kevin thomas wrote that the protagonist , enemies , and overall size were smaller , and noted that mario himself was only 30 centimeters in height on the game boy ' s small screen . with this in mind , thomas was concerned about player " eyestrain " during rereleases of the game . still , ign ' s levi buchanan thought the game had no difference in its size whatsoever . at the time of its release in 1989 , critics were eager to play a super mario game . paul rand of computer and video games called the game " an arcade game in your pocket " and the graphics " remarkable " for their size . video games magazine player magazine felt that super mario land was compromised where necessary to bring mario to a portable device . electronic gaming monthly ' s steve jones considered the game " excellent " and " very fun to play " , albeit incomplete . jeff semrad and donn nauert of the same outlet both declared super mario land " easily the best game boy game " of the series . complex ' s gus turner wrote that the graphics were " simple " , and official nintendo magazine said the game was " very short " . eurogamer reported that the game could be completed in half an hour . complex ' s gus turner wrote that the game lacked the speed , intuitiveness , and difficulty associated with the series , and tony mott of superplay said the game proved that nintendo' s game boy " has playability to match " its predecessor . mike regan of mean machines agreed : " playability to the highest standards ! " gaming sites mean machines and the games ##pot both commented on the game ' s number of levels to unlock . eurogamer ' s chris payne called hirokazu tanaka ' s soundtrack " number one of the all @ - @ mario games " , and official nintendo magazine said it was among the " greatest videogame music ever made " . player one , eurogamer , and complex also praised the soundtrack . player one also pronounced super mario land a " masterpiece " , " the pinnacle of portable video games " . following the game boy ' s " overnight success " , super mario land sold over two million copies — more than that of super mario bros . 2 . = = = = = the game began a super mario land series of super mario games . super mario land 2 : one billion coins added a non @ - @ mario overworld and introduced wario , the evil twin of mario , as the game ' s villain . the subsequent wario land : super mario land 3 continued the wario franchise . after 19 years , the 2011 game super mario 3d land for the nintendo ds was mario ' s last game in full 3d . audrey brown of ign felt that both wario land and super mario 3d land were not " worthy sequels " , and felt that the latter felt more like " super mario bros . 3 with mario galaxy elements " than a successor to super mario land 2 . super mario land was known for its miniaturized super mario elements and " took on just about every mario mainstay theme " . many of its new elements did not appear later in the series , making super mario land strange compared to the rest of the series , and what ign ' s reviewer described as a " singular oddball " . ign ' s marc hogan was disappointed that super mario land was the most difficult mario game , with " vast voids of white " and ufos instead of the " strikingly beautiful " mushroom world . mean machines was also put off by the dark graphics , difficult puzzles , and dot matrix and blur . ign ' s travis fahs felt that the game was simply not as " fun " as super mario bros . 2 . mean machines felt as if it was not " a great mario game " , not worth its very high review score , and " in fact , not really a classic " . eurogamer 'scott schilling wrote that mario was different — lighter , with more energy — and that the game felt " radical and distinctive " for the risks it took . ign ' s thomas found " out of character " gameplay elements like the shooter levels , exploding koopa shells , non @ - @ ball fireballs , and non @ - @ a single plot ##line missing from the series . thomas attributed this to mario and miyamoto ' s lack of involvement in the game ' s development , which he described as " playing non @ - @ off " . thomas of eurogamer instead noted the game boy ' s technical limitations . but he also was perplexed by the new turtle , seahorse , and moai head designs , and called the exploding koopa shells a " cruel trick " outside of the series ' core gameplay . super mario land ' s shooter levels , new to the series , were not revisited in subsequent series games . and subsequent mario games such as super mario land 2 both lowered the game ' s difficulty scale and preferred the larger fire ##ball levels over the first installment ' s bouncing balls . the game was included in several lists of best game boy games , and official nintendo magazine listed it # 73 in their top 100 nintendo games . after her appearance in super mario land , princess peach reaffiliated as luigi ' s princess and appeared in later mario series games and adventure games .