= type 94 nambu = = the type 94 nambu 9 ##mm pistol ( type 94 handgun , japanese : [UNK] 四 [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] kyuyon @ - @ shiki kenju ) is a semiautomatic pistol designed by kijiro nambu and his company for the imperial japanese army . development of the type 94 pistol began in 1929 , and after several prototypes the final prototype was tested and officially adopted by the japanese army in late 1934 ( japanese calendar , 2594 ) . the type 94 pistol began production in 1935 . approximately 100 @ , @ 000 pistols were manufactured before production ended in 1945 . the type 94 pistol was designed for , and popular among , japanese tank and aircraft crews who preferred a smaller , lighter design . modern weapons experts have subsequently criticized several design elements of the type 94 ; in particular the pistol could be fired even before the breech was fully engaged if the sear bar on the side of the pistol was jarred loose and the pistol was incorrectly handled . additionally , the process to manufacture the pistol is overly complex and expensive . the production quality of the type 94 pistol declined over its production run ; " last ditch " prototypes produced in 1945 were never made . = = history = = the type 94 nambu pistol was designed by kojiro nambu after he retired from the japanese army and founded the nambu rifle manufacturing company . development for the type 94 nambu pistol commenced in 1929 with the goal of reducing the bulk and weight of previous nambu designs . the imperial japanese army felt a new type of modern design that could accommodate the standard 8 × 22mm nambu cartridge was needed to replace the larger , heavier , and more available military pistol , the type 26 nambu . the demand for army ' s handguns had increased as a result of japan ' s occupation of manchuria during the second sino @ - @ japanese war . the new pistol was also wanted by the japanese army to include a manual safety , to prevent accidental discharges during tests that were common among military firearms . naming of the type 94 pistol reflects the change in japanese calendar with the 94 reckoning back to the mythical founding of japan in 660 bc therefore , 2594 years of the traditional emperor meiji period used to name the type 26 revolver the type 14 nambu pistol . the final prototype for the type 94 was officially adopted by the japanese army in late 1934 after several redesigns . production began under the supervision of the nagoya arsenal factory at the nambu rifle manufacturing company and was the successor, chuo kogyo company , ltd . an estimated 100 @ , @ 000 pistols were produced for the military . the exact quantity is unknown because of the production of unserialized pistols and other models . during world war ii the pistol became a popular weapon for tank crews and soldiers who required a smaller , more powerful weapon . the type 94 was not officially adopted by the imperial japanese navy but was available to officers through the naval officer ' s club . = = = = = the type 94 pistol is operated by a different mechanism than previous japanese sidearms . unlike previously designed nambu pistols , the type 94 operates with a single hammer and with a firing pin rather than a hammer . according to authors , peter j . derby and john d . brown , the firing pin is very weak and is prone to breakage because of the recess cut provided for the crossbolt and is prone to breaking at this point . the sturdier rear locking system was developed and included in the type 94 to replace the rear striker of the type 14 nambu . the locking system is a u @ - @ block , which floats out of the lugs at the rear end of the barrel . the stainless steel mainspring is positioned above the ring of the hammer instead of to the rear of the barrel as found on other nambu pistols . the grip is smaller than previous japanese pistols and is finished with walnut grips and according to author jeff kinard , are more comfortable for use by men with smaller hands . the magazine holds a maximum of six rounds because of the smaller size and it is more difficult to reload the weapon , with pressure from the bolt holding it inside the pistol . the safety catch extends far enough to occasionally disengage when the safety is placed on the left side on a hard surface . the safety could also disengage if squeezed into or jarred into a position . the rear safety catch is located at the lower rear of the pistol and has the kanji for fire and safe stamped onto the frame . the front blade mounted on the muzzle of the type 94 pistol and the rear striker v are occasionally incorrectly positioned making them useless when the pistol is being aimed . the rear sight was changed from a u @ - @ block to a rounded square in 1944 with the front blade being left flat and less attention to detail being required as world war ii progressed . = = = final production = = = the production of type 94 nambu pistols declined towards the end of world war ii as the japanese continued air raids fromlabor forces and material shortages followed . this drastic decline in quality from 1 january 1945 , ended with all quality marks appearing to disappear towards the end of june 1945 . the smooth ##er finished stock was replaced by a rough finished stock . many pistols were never cleaned and no pistols have been found that bear the 1945 quality marks . only some unserialized and incomplete pistols are known to exist and include mismatch marks with different inspection marks , lanyard loops , and extractors . a small number of pistols produced during the final production run include earlier production dates and appear to have been salvaged from previously discarded pistols that had minor or cosmetic defects . = = cleaning = = cleaning of the type 94 nambu pistol is extremely difficult and can lead to damage to the pistol if used carelessly . after firing the type 94 , the operator must draw the hammer against the bolt cover to hold the bolt to the back of the pistol . this will allow the crossbolt to be released when the firing pin is depressed . removal of the crossbolt without removing the firing pin will remove both the firing pin and the crossbolt . removing the crossbolt is more complicated as the disassemblers hands are still holding the pistol and depressing the firing pin . = = leather = = holsters for the type 94 pistol were originally made from either pigskin or cowhide leather and varied in color from tan to dark reddish brown . holsters faced the same problems with quality as the type 94 pistol . as supplies of leather were exhausted in 1944 , holsters made in 1944 became made from olive drab fabric . the type 94 pistol holster is distinguishable from other japanese holsters by a leather belt strap and a centrally positioned belt tag . the pouch tow has a small opening to accommodate the cleaning tag . the majority of pistols were made in small civilian quantities with some being stamped with arsenal and inspection marks . a belt flap and two shoulder strap " d " rings are located on the back of the holster and are made from brass , stainless steel , or nickel alloy . = = unintentional firing = = the original design of the pistol allowed the type 94 nambu to be fired unintentionally . the safety mechanism on the type 94 nambu converts the forward movement of the hammer into a forward movement that frees the hammer . because the safety bar is on the outside of the pistol , it could be pulled loose during engagement if the pistol was cocked and handledcarelessly . the forward end of the sear bar would have to be depressed to 2mm to cause the weapon to fire . the inability to fire the type 94 without pulling the trigger gave rise to many stories of japanese soldiers dying , unable to fire the pistol , earning the weapon monikers such as the " suicide special " and the " suicide pistol " . these stories are widely circulated because of the difficulty to fire the weapon without pulling the sear bar . if the trigger is engaged on the type 94 it is possible for the weapon to fire unintentionally .