= andrew johnston ( singer ) = andrew johnston ( born 23 september 1994 ) is a british singer who rose to fame when he appeared as a male contestant on the fourth series of the british television talent show britain ' s got talent in 2008 . although he did not win the competition , he received a contract to record with syco music , a company owned by the britain ' s got talent judge simon cowell . johnston ' s debut album , one voice , was released in september of the same year , and reached number one on the uk albums chart . although johnston originally performed as a treble , his voice has since changed to soprano , and he is now a member of the carlisle cathedral choir . johnston was born in dumfries , scotland , and his parents separated when he was an infant . he and his mother moved to carlisle , where they lived in " poverty " . johnston was head boy at carlisle cathedral , and was popular at school because of his knowledge of classical music . while some critics have said britain ' s got talent producers took advantage of johnston ' s background , others have described his story as inspiring . in 2009 , he graduated from trinity school . johnston currently teaches full @ - @ time at the royal northern college of music . = = history = = = = = family life and carlisle cathedral = = = = johnston was born on 23 september 1994 in dumfries , scotland , the son of andrew johnston and morag brannock . he was given the birth name of aaron lewis - brannock - grieve and robert oscar james johnston . johnston ' s parents separated when he was eight months old , and from that time he lived with his mother and two older sisters in carlisle , cumbria , in the north of england , where he attended trinity school . johnston tried out for carlisle cathedral choir at the age of six at the suggestion of kim harris , a teacher at his old school . he was auditioned by the choirmaster jeremy suter and accepted into the choir at the age of seven . johnston ' s mother , who had no prior experience with the cathedral , described her feelings of being overwhelmed by joy at having her young son in such a " beautiful place among those wonderful people " . his mother also described johnston ' s busy regimen of singing three days a week and all day sundays , saying that it took up all of their spare time . however , she said that the cathedral choir became like a home to her son , and that " it was such a warm , safe , close feeling for him " . johnston, who attended the school , was subject to bullying and threats from bullies which drove him to consider leaving the choir , but he was helped through the bullying by his choirmaster and the dean and canons of the cathedral . by the time of his participation in britain ' s got talent , he was a boy . in april 2008 , after his appearance on britain ' s got talent but before the release of his first album , johnston went on a tour of norway with the choir , performing at stavanger cathedral and utstein abbey , among other places . the tour was organised because the diocese of oslo was connected with the diocese of carlisle through the partnership for world music . this was johnston ' s first tour with the choir . he appeared as head chorister on one of the choir ' s albums , the choral works of f . john wadely , released in november 2008 . = = = britain ' s got talent = = = johnston was selected as a competitor for the fourth series of britain ' s got talent by his mother . he passed the first public audition , singing " pie jesu " from andrew lloyd webber ' s lulu . amanda holden , one of the show ' s judges , was invited to audition , and the audience offered johnston a standing audition . johnston was seen as the favourite to win the competition . later , johnston described his initial audition as frightening , saying that " it was scary singing in front of 2 @ , @ 500 people . i had never sung on television before – then there were also paul , amanda and piers " . johnston won his semi @ - @ final heat on 23 may 2008 , receiving the most public votes on the night and thus qualifying for the final . he sang " tears in heaven " by eric clapton ; amanda holden told him he had " a gift from god in [ his ] heart " . at the final on 29 may , johnston again sang " pie jesu " . he finished in third place , behind the winner , the street dancer simon sampson and runners @ - @ final , the dance group blur . johnston left the stage in tears , later saying that he " was upset . but when you see the love that was there , it was an honour just to be in the final " . the day before the final , cowell ' s manager simon clifford said that it was " not possible " that cowell would be offering record deals to all of the contestants , including johnston . johnston and other contestants then embarked on a national concert tour . during his initial audition, and claimed that he was beaten and victimised from the age of six because of his singing . when asked how he dealt with the situation , he said " i carry on singing . " there were claims in the daily express , a uk @ - @ daily tabloid newspaper , that the programme ' s producers had deliberately overstated the story of johnston ' s success as a " sob story " , and that sympathy rather than his singing got him many of the votes . however , in the programme , johnston ' s sob story was described as " the stuff of legends " , as he was successful despite having been raised in " poverty " . johnston said he did not talk about being bullied because he was told to do so by producers , but " because i believed it would help people who are going through what i have gone through be stronger " . johnston has subsequently visited schools and worked to help the victims of bullying . he said " i want to use my experience of bullies to help other people " . = = = one voice = = = on 9 september 2008 , while johnston was touring with the britain ' s got talent live tour , it was announced that johnston had signed a record deal with syco music , a division of sony bmg , and that his first album would be produced after the tour . the deal was reportedly for £ ##4 million . after signing with syco , johnston made several appearances , including appearances at andrew lloyd webber ' s birthday celebrations on 16 september , and at carlisle united ' s brunton park . johnston ' s debut album , one voice , was released on 23 september 2008 . it included a cover of " walking in the air " , performed with faryl jones . the album was recorded during a uk @ - @ recording session in london , and the track listing was chosen by cowell . johnston described the recording process as " amazing " , and that it was " really good – just to be in the recording studio and with the right people " . the album debuted on the british charts at number two , and finished the week at number one . the album was later certified gold , having sold 100 @ , @ 000 copies , and johnston was awarded a gold disc by daytime television presenter maggie smith . critics responded positively to the album , with kate leaver , writing for the korea joongang daily , saying johnston " has better songs than hordes of his musical peers " and that " the vulnerability " of johnston ' s performance on the album " makes for a haunting listening experience " . in a week ,the album was described as " highly @ - @ rated " , and johnston was considered " exceptionally @ - @ talented " . following the album ' s release , johnston became involved in the stand up campaign , singing in schools across the country to encourage more young people to join choirs . in december 2008 , he made a surprise appearance at whitehaven ' s christmas festival , and performed at a memorial service in carlisle . he was also invited to turn on the carlisle christmas lights and perform at the celebrations . mike mitchelson , of carlisle city council , described johnston as " one of our local heroes " . = = = hiatus and 2010s = = = in december 2009 , johnston announced that he would be taking a year off from music because his voice had broken , changing him to a tenor . he had previously performed as a baritone . he said " the tutors at [ the royal northern college of music ] said they ' ll be able to pick my voice up again . it ' s the same as it ever was , just different " . johnston ' s voice then changed from a tenor to a baritone . after remaining out of the choir for two years , he joined the national youth choir , saying " i ' m just a teenager . but – no one focuses on one ' s got talent and i ' m happy about that " . in 2011 , he was awarded the royal school of church music gold medal ; public performances that year included a charitable concert , with singers david bromley and tony green , at st paul ' s church , helsby in cumbria . in september 2013 , johnston began to study for a bachelor of music degree at the royal northern college of music , under the tutelage of jeff smith , who had previously taught him at the same college . he immediately joined the university ' s chapel choir and the manchester cathedral choir , but said that he wanted to only sing with the carlisle cathedral choir where possible . while a student , johnston ' s singing was adversely affected by a broken lip , the result of an angry fight in a carlisle pub on new year ' s day , 2014 . = = family life = = johnston ' s family home is in stanwix , carlisle . his mother , morag brannock , worked for the office for national statistics before giving up her job to pursue her son ' s career . prior to his britain ' s got talent appearances , he attended shrewsbury school , and there received advice from a personal tutor . he said that he " had a lot of help from local people when .. . taking part in britain ' s got talent " , and was given a special award for outstanding achievement by carlisle city council in may 2009 . johnston ' s skills include jujitsu , in which he holds a black belt . the carlisle newspaper news and star reported in september 2012 that johnston had become the first person in the world to be granted a licence to practice the sport . = = discography = = studio ##graphy