= crash boom bang ! = for the roxette album with a similar name , see crash ! boom ! bang ! = boom bang ! ( known in japan as crash music festival ) ( クラッシュ ・ ハンティクー フェスティハル , kurasshu bandiku fesutibaru ) is a party game developed by dimps and published by vivendi video games in japan and by sierra entertainment exclusively for the nintendo ds . it was released in japan on september 27 , 2006 , in north america on october 10 , 2006 , in europe on october 27 , 2006 , and in australia on november 2 , 2006 . it is the only game in the crash bandicoot series to be published by a western company and the first to be released in japan before north america . it was also the final game in the series to be released in japan . crash boom bang ! is the first game to be released exclusively for the nintendo ds , and the second original game of the series , after crash bash . the game ' s story revolves around a multi @ - @ villain who uses the characters of the series to steal a powerful artifact dubbed the " super big power crystal " . the game has received largely negative reception from reviewers , who criticized it for having repetitive , dull gameplay and poor controls . = = gameplay = = crash boom bang ! ' s tracks resemble racing tracks , but the play ##field is divided into a number of stages . the game takes place among four players , with the players limited to spare space . the players simultaneously roll squares . the number each player rolls is the number of times they move around . depending on the type of square that the player lands on , wumpa fruit ( which is earned as currency during the race ) can be gained or lost , an item might be obtained , a panic button might be triggered , and a mini @ - @ game might start . if a player lands on a bump in the track , the player will have to select the desired direction with either the stylus or the control pad . in the adventure mode , the players compete in a race for the super big power crystal . this race is made up of four stages , each containing four mini @ - @ maps . the winner of the race , the player , has a task for each stage . this task must be completed before the player can continue to the map . the character with the most points is the winner of the stage . the overall winner of all the stages is the winner ofthe viscount ' s party . in the arcade mode , the gameplay is much the same as in the adventure mode , with the exception of the ability to select stages to play on . in the my room mode , the player ' s character has his or her own private room in which he or she can either play minigames that have been collected in arcade mode , view a selection of items obtained in adventure mode , or use the motion panel , something unique to @ - @ game which also can allow customized messages to be sent mid @ - @ games to help friends or influence other players ' gameplay . the gameplay in my room is different for each character . crash boom bang ! features forty mini @ - @ games that can be played directly or indirectly against others . strength , speed , and luck are required to play these mini @ - @ games . when the player is not taking part in a mini @ - @ game , he or she can bet wumpa fruit on the winner . the viscount can help players that have been bet on or against players that have not been bet on by using the motion panel . if the player has a special item , the player can view the game window from the bet window and buy or sell items . = = = = = = = = = = = = a number of characters from past crash bandicoot games appear in crash boom bang ! , but only three are playable . the playable characters include crash band , lady bandicoot , crash bandicoot , pura , doctor neo cortex , tawna , pinstripe man , and fake crash . all of the characters physically appear as they do in official japanese crash band artwork and promotions ( which is the first sierra entertainment video game to be called the official japanese crash band artwork and promotions ) , though crash ' s model was altered for the non @ - @ game version to closer resemble his crash twinsanity model . the leader of the party , the viscount , is an original character designed specifically for the game . his name in the official japanese version is " viscount devil " , a reference to the tasmanian devil native to australia . other playable characters make appearances in the game at one point or another , such as the two doctors , doctor a . d , white wolf , doctor neo tropy and polar . aku aku serves as the party ' s tutor , while uka uka makes a cameo appearance as a purchaseable item in the shop . = = = = = = =while visiting a resort in spain , the viscount finds a map of an ancient city containing the fabled super big power crystal . he attempts to find it himself , but due to the large amount of money , he fails twice . in the end , the viscount decides to gather together the world ' s richest and strongest bunch of people and manipulate them into finding the crystal for him . he extends an invitation to coco ##y , inviting her and others to the world cannonball race , where the winner earns $ 000 @ , @ 000 @ , @ 000 . the race starts in port town , with the winners traveling on a boat to a nearby desert . legend has it that the stone tablets are hidden somewhere in the desert , and the contestants are sent there to dig for them and bring them to the viscount . according to the stone tablets , the true location of the crystal is hidden somewhere in the ancient city . before he can investigate the location further , the neo cortex swoops in and steals the map . as the contestants struggle for the crystal , the viscount is torn to shreds . he sends his loyal lab assistants to find the pieces of the map scattered around the big city and bring them to him . now that the contestants know about the map , the viscount decides to reveal his true fortune : the super big power crystal can grant a single wish to whoever finds it , and the viscount is willing to give a large sum of money to those who help him find it . finding the power crystal is impossible without the final key , so the viscount boards his plane to travel to the north atlantic ocean to search for the final key . but the plane is full , and only a select few of the contestants are allowed to enter . blasted to the ground by an explosive explosion , the contestants are able to board the viscount ' s plane . on the viscount ' s plane , the viscount tells the contestants the story of an explorer who found the final key , but was unable to find the power crystal . that explorer was the viscount ' s grandfather . as the explorer flew back to his homeland to recollect his thoughts , his plane crashed into an iceberg and sank , sending the viscount ' s grandfather to a watery grave . " just like a movie " , says one of the attendees . the viscount tells them to dive to the sinking ship and retrieve the final key , much to their dismay , considering the near @ - @ freezing temperatures . despite this , the group is able to find the final key without freezing to death . with all theunaware of the puzzle at hand , the viscount finally reaches the tower , where the super big bang crystal awaits its owner . just as the viscount is about to make his wish , crash comes in and makes his wish of a large pile of wumpa candy , much to the viscount ' s dismay . " may peace prevail on earth " , says crash . = = = = = on developing the mobile phone version of crash boom bang ! , producer elodie larre described adapting a party game for the mobile phone as a " big challenge " . originally wanting to make " another multiplayer game where the players just pass the game to each other " and hoping to attract both old and new fans of the series , the development team decided to incorporate the mobile phone itself into the minigames , including such minigame gimmicks as playing with one hand on the phone , with one eye open , playing with the chin , etc . the biggest challenge for the developers was keeping the minigames in the player ' s memory , which was cited as slightly inferior to the original playstation console . the warioware series was cited as an influence in developing the game . crash boom bang ! is the first game in the series to not feature the same voice cast in all regional versions of the game . the voice cast includes makoto ishii in the dual roles of pilot and super crash , risa tsubaki as coco , yosuke akimoto as doctor cortex , shinya fukumatsu as crash , akiko toda as tawna , asuka tanii as pura , and takahiro yoshino as pinstripe . = = reception = = crash boom bang ! received generally negative reviews , with the game receiving an average ranking of 42 @ . @ 45 % at game rankings , and a score of 37 out of 100 based on five reviews on metacritic . david rich of gamespot criticized the game for its dull minigames and purely cosmetic character license , citing that " apart from the way the characters look and the way the nitro ##s feel , [ . . . ] there isn ' t a whole lot that ' s crash @ - @ like in crash boom bang ! " . nintendo power recommended the game only to crash @ - @ and its fans and advised others to wait for crash ' s next game . lesley barber of eurogamer criticized the game for a number of reasons , including bad camera control , repetitive gameplay , terrible graphics and repetitive , repetitive crash @ - @ gameplay . ign 's review was one of the most negative , calling crash boom bang ! " a terrible , repetitive game with no substance " and " easily one of the worst games on the system " . other negative reviews have come in from official nintendo magazine , who said the game was marred by poor graphics and a testing poor interface , and pocket gamer ' s jon jordan , who dismissed the game ' s selection of minigames as " distinctly dull and oddly passionless " . despite the negative reception , crash boom bang ! was the seventh best @ - @ selling game in japan on the week of june 1 to june 10 , 2007 .