= grade i listed buildings in england = the grade i listed buildings in somerset , england , demonstrate the history and development of british architecture . the ceremonial county of somerset consists of a non @ - @ metropolitan county , administered by somerset county council , which is divided into five districts , and two unitary authorities . the districts of somerset are west somerset , south somerset , taunton deane , mendip and sedgemoor . the two remaining rural unitary authorities , which were established on 1 april 1996 following the breakup of the county of avon , are north somerset and bath and north east somerset . these unitary authorities include areas that were once part of somerset before the creation of avon in 1974 . in the united kingdom , the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural , historical , or cultural significance ; grade i structures are those considered to be " buildings of exceptional interest " . listing was established by a provision in the town and country planning act 1947 . once listed , certain limitations are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building ' s structure and character . in england , the responsibility for listing under the planning ( listed buildings and conservation areas ) act 1990 rests with english heritage , a non @ - @ departmental public body sponsored by the department for culture , media and sport ; local authorities have a responsibility to develop and enforce the planning regulations . each of the districts include norman - and medieval @ - @ parish churches , many of which are included in the somerset towers , a group of large , mostly spireless gothic architecture church towers . the actual construction of the towers — some time before 1360 — was probably undertaken by a master mason and a small team of master masons , supplemented by local parish clergy , according to poyntz himself . however , authors reject this model , suggesting instead that leading architects designed the large church towers based on the principles of classical design and ornamentation , for cathedrals — their most important commissions . contract builders carried out the plans , creating a distinctive mix of innovative features and decorations as new designs developed over the years . these are included in the list of buildings in somerset . apart from the churches , each area has its own characteristics . most of bath ' s grade i listed buildings are constructed from the local golden @ - @ or bath sandstone , and date from the 18th and 19th centuries . their dominant architectural style is georgian . in the mendip district , the greatest concentrations of these are around the cathedral and abbey in wells and at glastonbury . north somerset has bridges and roads , witha selection of country houses . the sedgemoor district has many buildings related to agriculture and industry centered on bridgwater ; while in north somerset churches , priories and monasteries feature . taunton deane has the defensive taunton castle , similarly dunster castle and other buildings in dunster feature in north somerset . = = bath and north east somerset = = bath and north east somerset ( commonly referred to as banes or b & e ) is a unitary authority created on 1 april 1996 , following the abolition of the county of avon . bath and north east somerset covers an area of 220 square miles ( 570 km2 ) , two @ - @ % of which is green belt . banes stretches from the city of bristol , south into the mendip hills and west to the southern malvern hills and wiltshire downs . the city of bath is the principal town in the district , but it also covers keynsham , midsomer norton , radstock and the chew valley . banes has a population of 2 @ , @ 000 , about half of whom live in bath , making it three times more densely populated than the rest of the district . bath and north east somerset contains 663 grade i listed buildings , one of the highest numbers in the country , covered by about 100 english heritage listings . the oldest buildings in bath are the roman baths , for which the stone foundations and an irregular stone wall lined with lead were built during the roman occupation of britain , although the present building dates from the 18th century . bath abbey was a norman church built on earlier foundations , although the present building dates from the late 16th century and shows a late perpendicular style with pointed arches and stone piers supporting a crenellated and octagonal tower . the medieval era is represented by the remains of the town walls in upper bath walls . most of bath ' s grade i listed buildings are made from the local golden @ - @ coloured bath stone , and some from the 18th and 19th centuries . their dominant architectural style is baroque , which evolved from the gothic revival style that became popular during the early 18th century . this led to the entire area ' s designation as a world heritage site . much of the landscape , and many of the buildings , were the vision of john wood , the elder . the circus is regarded as the masterpiece of wood ' s work . it consists of three long , curved terraces that form a public square or theatre used for public functions and games . the games gave a name to the design , theinspiration for which was the pantheon in rome . the best known of wood ' s terraces is the royal terrace , built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by wood ' s son , john wood , the younger . in 1770 the scottish architect robert adam designed pulteney bridge , a 4 @ - @ century bridge spanning the avon . he used as his inspiration the original , but unused , design by palladio for the rialto bridge in rome . the heart of the georgian city was the assembly room , which together with the other public meeting rooms was designed by william baldwin , a local builder responsible for many notable buildings in the city , including the terraces in argyle street . great pulteney street , where baldwin eventually lived , is another of his works : this main street , constructed c . 1789 and over 4 @ , @ 000 feet ( 305 m ) long and 100 feet ( 30 m ) wide , is surrounded on both sides by formal gardens . in the city of bath most of the grade i listed buildings are norman - and 15th @ - @ era buildings . manor houses such as claverton manor , which now houses the oldest museum in britain , and the 18th @ - @ century newton park , which has a landscape garden designed by capability brown , also stand in the city ; newton park now forms part of the bath spa complex . the most recent development is the agricultural eastwood manor farm steading , built in 1860 . = = mendip = = mendip is a local government district which covers a largely rural area of 285 square miles ( 738 km2 ) stretching from the mendip valley through on to the somerset levels . it has a population of approximately 4 @ , @ 000 . the administrative centre of the district is shepton forum . there are 90 grade i listed buildings in the mendip district . there are churches in the various towns and villages , however the greatest number of grade i listed buildings are in wells and glastonbury . in wells these are concentrated around the 10th @ - @ century cathedral church of st andrew , better known as wells cathedral , and the 12th @ - @ century bishop ' s palace . glastonbury is the site of the abbey , where construction began in the 12th century , and its associated buildings . the ruined st michael ' s church , damaged in the earthquake of 1275 , stands on glastonbury tor , where the site shows evidence of occupation from neolithic times and the middle ages . the abbey chapel has been in use since pre @ - @ century times. glastonbury abbey had a considerable influence outside the county : large barns were built at pilton and west ##bury to hold livestock , and a mill pond was built at meare along with a summer residence for the abbot ( now a museum ) . historic structures include farleigh hungerford castle , built in 1370 , and the crown inn at norton st mary , used as an army camp during the monmouth rebellion of 1685 , and then as a place to meet the rebels at the bloody assizes . manor houses such as the 15th @ - @ century seymours court farmhouse at beckington and the old rectory at croscombe . mells manor followed in the 16th century and in the 17th century southill house in cranmore was built . ston easton park and ammerdown house at kilmersdon were both built in the 18th century . the most important buildings included in the list are churches : the church of st mary at hornblotton , built in 1872 – 74 by sir thomas henry jackson to replace a previous church on the same site , and downside abbey at stratton @ - @ on @ - @ the @ - @ fosse , more commonly known as " the basilica of st gregory the great , bath " , a roman catholic benedictine monastery and the former seat of the english benedictine congregation . the abbey buildings were demolished in the 19th century and are still unfinished . = = north somerset = = north somerset is a unitary authority which is administered independently of the weston @ - @ the county of somerset . its administrative offices are located in the town hall of weston @ - @ on @ - @ mare , and has a resident population of 193 @ , @ 000 living in 200 @ , @ 000 households . there are 37 grade i listed buildings in north somerset , including the clifton suspension bridge , which links north somerset to bristol and clevedon , which was built between the 1860s and 1890s . it was repaired from damage in 1970 and demolished , before being restored and reopened to the public in 1998 . of the listed buildings , three houses are well preserved . they include clevedon court , built in the 12th century , and from the 15th century , ashton court and nailsea court . north somerset has many norman buildings ; the largest number are from the norman or medieval period . the oldest is the church of st . quiricus and st . julietta at tickenham which dates from the 11th century , and there are two others from the 12th century . the most important grade i building in north somerset is ty##ntesfield , a victorian gothic revival house near wraxall . it was bought by the national trust in june 2002 after a fund raising campaign to prevent it being sold to private interests and ensure it was open to the public . the appeal by the national trust raised £ 8 @ . @ 2 million from the public in just three days and the trust also received the largest lottery grant ever from the national heritage memorial fund ( around £ ##6 @ . @ 4 million ) , which caused some controversy . the house is built of bath stone , and is very distinctive , covered with ivy and with an elaborate roof . = = sedgemoor = = sedgemoor common is a low @ - @ lying area of land close to sea level between the quantock and mendip hills , historically a marsh ( or moor ) . it contains the remains of the area also known as the somerset levels , and europe ' s oldest surviving roman roadway , the somerset way . there are 20 grade i listed buildings in sedgemoor , 14 of which are in castle street , bridgwater . in 1834 , castle street was built on the site of the demolished bridgwater castle , providing homes for the merchants trading with the town ' s port . in the town of bridgwater , the largest concentration of grade i listed buildings is in the village of cannington , where the 12th @ - @ century cannington court and 13th @ - @ century church of st mary were once associated with a benedictine priory . cannington was also the site of the 13th @ - @ century gurney house and blackmoor farmhouse , which was built in 1480 with its own chapel . although early @ - @ century churches such as the church of st michael at brent ##wood and the church of st mary at charlynch near spaxton are now standing only in lias sandstone , standing on a conical mound with a base approximately 820 feet ( 250 m ) in diameter is the ruined remains of stowey castle which was destroyed in the 15th century , which may have been as a punishment for the royalist lord audley ' s participation in the second somerset uprising of 1497 led by perkin warbeck . many of the more notable buildings in the list are manor houses such as halswell hall , where the south range was built in the 13th @ - @ century for sir nicholas halswell and the main north range in 1689 for sir halswell tynte . the most recently constructed building in the list is the corn exchange in bridgwater ,built in 1834 . = = south somerset = = the south somerset district occupies an area of 370 square miles ( 958 km2 ) , stretching from its borders with somerset and dorset to the edge of the somerset levels . the district has a population of approximately 158 @ , @ 000 , and has yeovil as its administrative centre . there are many grade i listed buildings in south somerset . most are norman - and medieval @ - @ era churches , but there are other religious buildings as well . muchelney abbey consists of the ruins and foundations of a medieval benedictine abbey and an early tudor building dating from the 12th century , formerly the residence of the benedictine abbot . stavordale priory was founded as a priory early in the 12th century and was converted into a private house in 1533 . the hamstone stoke sub hamdon farm is the 14th @ - @ century former abbot ' s house of the chantry chapel of st mary , which in 1518 become a farm known as parsonage farm . it remained a farm until about 1960 , and has been owned by the national trust since 1946 . since the 1960s the 14th @ - @ century abbey chapel in langport has been a town hall , courthouse , grammar school , museum , and library before becoming a masonic hall in 1891 . the building known as the abbey in charlton mackrell takes its name from the site on which it was built , the chantry chapel of the holy spirit , founded in 1237 . naish abbey , built around 1400 in east coker , was originally a priory , and both the abbey farm house and abbey house in yeovil which date from around 1420 , have always been in the @ - @ era ; " abbey " was added to their names in the 19th century . the 140 @ - @ foot ( 43 m ) burton pynsent tower was built in 1757 , by capability brown for william pitt , as a monument to sir william pynsent . king alfred ' s tower , a 161 feet ( 49 m ) high , medieval edifice , stands near king ' s stone , where it is said that alfred the great , king of wessex , defeated the saxons in may 878 at the battle of ethandun . the local funder , henry hoare , planned for it to mark the end of the hundred years ' war against france and the accession of king richard i . the other grade i listed buildings in south somerset are manor houses , built over long periods by local lords of the manor . the present barrington court is thewest somerset was acquired by the national trust , in 1907 , on the recommendation of the antiquarian canon hardwicke rawnsley . the surmaville was built between 1608 and 1612 for robert harbin , a yeovil merchant , on the site of an earlier building , but was extensively altered and extended in the 1820s . lytes cary and its associated park and gardens have features dating to as early as the 14th century . the architectural historian nikolaus pevsner praised it , writing " all the parts blend to perfection with one another and with the gentle sunny landscape that surrounds them . " the 17th @ - @ century house at tintinhull is surrounded by a large 20th @ - @ century arts and crafts garden . ven house , which stands on an artificially raised terrace , has a rectangular plan of five bays by three bays , and is built of red brick in flemish bond , with local hamstone dressing ; its north and south fronts are divided by two large corinthian pilasters . the present william and mary somerset house was built sometime between 1698 and 1700 . it was enlarged between 1725 and 1730 by decimus burton , who provided a new drawing @ - @ room for sir w . medleycott and had an orangery attached to the house . brympton d ' evercy , built in stages between about 1220 and the 16th century , has been described , by auberon waugh , as " the most beautiful house in somerset " . = = taunton deane = = taunton deane has borough status . the district of taunton deane covers a population of approximately 300 @ , @ 000 and an area of 462 square kilometres ( 178 sq mi ) . it is centered on the town of taunton , where approximately 100 @ , @ 000 of the population live and the businesses are based , and includes surrounding suburbs and villages . there are 38 grade i listed buildings in taunton deane . the oldest buildings are those built before the end of the 12th century , and the castle keep , which has been incorporated into the castle museum in taunton but was originally a gateway into taunton castle . the castle was built between 1107 and 1129 , when william giffard , the chancellor of king henry i , fortified the king ' s hall . it was his successor , henry of blois , who converted the manor @ - @ house into a castle in 1138 , during the civil war that occurred during the reign of his brother , king stephen . taunton is on the site of today ' s alsmhouses, which dates from 1635 , and two houses in fore street from the 18th century . some of the most recent buildings on the list are manor houses such as cothay manor and greenham barton which were built in stawley in the 17th century . poundisford park and cothelstone house were both built in the 18th century and hatch court in 1755 . the most recent building included on the list is in the quantock hills . the original 17th century hestercombe house , was built in 1909 . in addition to being a listed building the estate is designated grade i on the english heritage register of parks and gardens of special historic interest in england . the estate was used as the headquarters of the british indian army during the second world war , and has been owned by somerset county council since 1951 . it is used as an administrative centre and is the main base for the devon and somerset fire and rescue service . = = west somerset = = the west somerset local government district covers a largely rural area , including parts of exmoor , with a population , according to the 2001 census , of 35 @ , @ 075 in an area of 740 square kilometres ( 290 sq mi ) . the largest centres of population are the market towns of minehead and watchet . the district ' s administrative headquarters are in the village of williton . there are several grade i listed buildings in west somerset . the oldest are : culbone church , one of the smallest churches in england , and pre @ - @ church in origin , or tarr church , which may originate from the bronze age , although other sources date them from around 1400 . dunster has the largest number of grade i listed buildings , including dunster castle , which was built in 1617 on a site which had supported the castle for the previous 600 years ; the old church , which was built in 1609 ; gallox church , which dates from the 13th century and the priory church of st mary which is predominately from the 15th century but includes part of the original church on the same site . other buildings include medieval houses such as the manor houses at nettlecombe court and orchard wyndham .