= = mcnichol = john " johnny " mcnichol ( 20 august 1925 – 17 march 2007 ) was a professional footballer who played more than 500 games in the football league in england . an inside forward , he played more than 150 games for brighton & hove albion and more than one for each of chelsea and crystal palace . mcnichol progressed from junior football and apprentice motor mechanic in his native scotland to a professional contract with english third division club newcastle united . within two years , he had some success with the reserve team but was never used in the first team . brighton & hove albion , then in the third division , broke their transfer record to sign him . mcnichol spent four years with the club , acquiring " the reputation as the best inside @ - @ player in the third division " , before returning to the first division as chelsea manager jack charlton ' s first signing . he was part of the chelsea team that won the league title in the 1954 – close season . in 1958 he joined crystal palace , whom he helped to promotion from the fourth division , and began his on @ - @ coaching career in the football league as player @ - @ manager of tunbridge wells rangers . he also spent 25 years working on the coaching side of football with several of his previous clubs . = = = life and career = = mcnichol was born in kilmarnock , scotland . his father , danny , died when he was five , so mcnichol and seven siblings were raised by their mother , catherine . he attended st mary ' s school in kilmarnock , and started work as a delivery boy for a local butcher ' s shop when he left school . his domestic work stopped him playing football on saturdays , but he was able to play some friendly football for junior club hurlford united . when he was taken on by the local bus garage as an apprentice motor mechanic , he became available on saturdays as well . hurlford paid him ten shillings a week , almost as much as his apprentice ' s wages . during the second world war , mcnichol was called up to the fleet air arm as a pilot , and was allowed to play friendly matches for inverness @ - @ rfc in clachnacuddin . because of the number of raf personnel stationed around the country , friendly matches were played at a fairly high level . = = newcastle united = = after the war , mcnichol returned to hurlford , where , amid interest from other clubs , he had a trial with newcastle united . after several friendly matches ,he signed professional forms with the club on his 21st birthday . mcnichol spent two years at newcastle , but never made a first @ - @ team appearance . with the likes of england international forwards roy bentley and len shackleton in the pecking order , he supplemented his income working as a car mechanic for a local funeral home whose " two or three rolls @ - @ royces [ made ] a good living from working on the engines " . in his second season , he was part of the newcastle team that won the central league title , but a disagreement over personal terms on his contract , – the newcastle management that a lower wage was appropriate because of the player ' s earnings from the game – prompted mcnichol to seek first @ - @ team football elsewhere . = = brighton & hove albion = = brighton & hove albion had finished bottom of the third division south the season before and were struggling financially , but manager jack welsh persuaded the directors to break the club transfer record by paying £ 5 @ , @ 000 for a player yet to make his debut in the football league , and persuaded mcnichol to sign . he made his first appearance in the league on 21 august 1948 , at the age of 21 , as brighton drew with swindon town at home . the club finished fourth in the league in mcnichol ' s first season and then , despite having no regular goalscorer – mcnichol ' s 14 goals made him top scorer – in 1949 – 50 . the following year , mcnichol played in all of brighton ' s matches , the only man so to do , and again finished as top scorer for the club , this time with 14 goals . according to carder and harris , he " had a good game with a lot of play which earned him the reputation as the best inside @ - @ forward in the third division " . appointed club captain when arthur lane took over from welsh as manager , mcnichol flourished under lane ' s attacking style . he scored 14 goals in the 1951 – 52 season as brighton narrowly failed to make a successful challenge to plymouth argyle for the title , " was again the star of the team " , and " was thought by many to be the most promising inside @ - @ forward to play for the club " . that season , mcnichol scored a double @ - @ goal against eventual runners @ - @ up southampton , which caught the eye of manager ted drake . shortly before the following season began , he became drake ' s first signing for his new club , chelsea , for a fee of £ 12 @, @ 000 plus the player jimmy leadbetter , a club record fee paid for albion . he had scored 22 goals in all competitions from 46 appearances . although scouts from bigger clubs had been following the striker since soon after his arrival at the club – he had apparently also turned down moves to leicester city , everton and huddersfield town – brighton ' s fans were disappointed , seeing his move as a bad move . = = chelsea = = on his chelsea debut away at manchester united , mcnichol found himself playing at right back for ten minutes when sid tickridge sustained an injury . once promoted to the forward line , his performances helped chelsea avoid relegation to the second division at the end of his first season . a " spectacular last @ - @ - goal . . . enabled chelsea to snatch a lucky victory over west bromwich " with three games left , and he scored the only goal of chelsea ' s 3 – 1 defeat of manchester united in their last game of the season which confirmed their escape from the relegation positions . two months later , chelsea won the first division title for the first time . as they beat charlton athletic in march 1955 to " maintain their dominant position in the league " , the times ' correspondent described how " mcnichol played the role of captain , and was capable of many dangerous movements " . two weeks later , mcnichol , " the most skilled of their forwards " , scored twice as a chelsea forward with " a propensity to play the man in preference to the ball " against tottenham hotspur by – ##−1 , and the title was secured with one game left to play . mcnichol had missed only two games in the 42 @ - @ game series , and scored four goals , a remarkable feat for a player in his position ; an inside forward was normally more a creator than a scorer of goals , and his biography on chelsea ' s website describes him as " clever , astute and most of all a prolific goalscorer " . he remained at the club for two more seasons , but eventually lost his place in the side to the young jimmy greaves : " there was no point in losing my place to him . i couldn ' t grumble about that . we used to get along very well , and he would listen to the advice i gave him . then he became world famous ! " the respect was mutual : though greaves described the chelsea title @ - @ winning team as " almost certainly one of the most talented teams ever to win the title " , he made an exception for mcnichol , " the ball - of the. " . in all competitions , he made 202 appearances for chelsea and scored 66 goals . while at school , mcnichol had worked in a local shop , hoping to keep up his skills in case injury brought an early end to his football career . when he joined chelsea , his decision to remain living in the city had disappointed drake . in 1957 , he bought a butcher ' s shop in chelsea , so not only did he have to travel by train from the south coast – so did teammates stan willemse and eric barker – he further annoyed the chelsea players by getting up even earlier that morning to visit the shop before coming down to training . his mother connie , whom he had known since childhood , ran the business in his absence . he claimed to have " earned more working in that shop than playing for chelsea . especially in that championship season . " = = crystal palace = = just short of the transfer deadline in march 1958 , mcnichol signed for third division south club crystal palace . he was expected to play a role " similar to the one which has worked so well at stamford bridge – and in the development of our young forwards " , and was appointed captain . he scored on his debut for the club , and produced five goals from the nine games he played in what remained of the 1957 – 58 season . by october 1958 , manager george smith realised the player was feeling the pressure of his dual role , and relieved him of the captaincy . as mcnichol grew older , his playing time became more restricted , and he became first a left winger , then a right back . palace had been placed in the fourth division when the english league system was structured along national lines prior to the 1958 – 59 season , and mcnichol , long since promoted to the captaincy , led them to promotion to the third division in 1961 , their first promotion for eight years . shortly afterwards , he applied for the managerial position at championship club brighton & hove albion , then in the fourth division , but was unsuccessful . a broken arm sustained in august 1961 forced mcnichol to miss a palace game for the first time in a three @ - @ and @ - @ half @ - @ half @ - @ year club career . he played on for three seasons , but his palace career was brought to a close by facial injuries , a fractured cheekbone and broken jaw , sustained during the 1962 – 63 season . in all competitions , he scored 67 goals from 205 appearances . = = = life and death = = mcnichol died in the west of england, and four years as player @ - @ manager of tunbridge wells rangers in the southern league . having left the club , he returned to crystal palace to work on the fundraising side of the game , where he was responsible for the organisation of annual quiz and bingo competitions as a means of raising funds for the club . he moved on to brighton & hove albion to occupy a similar role from 1979 to 1992 , and in retirement returned to live in the saltdean area of brighton . despite the successes of his career , mcnichol had regrets . he described chelsea ' s decision not to accept their invitation to participate in the inaugural season of the european cup as his " one great disappointment " , and " thought it was unfortunate at the time " , despite the national team selectors ' preference for players learning their trade for their clubs , that he was never chosen to represent his country . mcnichol maintained contact with his former club . one of several former players and managers nominated as " club legends " as part of chelsea ' s centenary events in 2001 , he took an active role in the celebrations . the surviving members of chelsea ' s 1955 player @ - @ winning team continued to meet for an annual dinner , and were guests of the club at the final game of the 2004 – 05 season when they celebrated their second league title , 50 years after the first . he died of a stroke on 17 january 2007 at the age of 81 . = = honours = = newcastle united reserves the central league winners : 1947 – [UNK] chelsea football league third division winners : 1954 – [UNK] crystal palace football league fourth division runners @ - @ up : 1960 – 61