= the tramp = = the two dentists is a 1913 american silent short comedy film produced by the newly formed joker productions by the universal film manufacturing company . directed by allen curtis , the film ' s cast includes max asher , lee morris , eddie boland joseph singleton and bobby vernon . the film is centered on two tramps , dusty and weary , who take over a barber shop and get away with their untrained dentistry , removing teeth with knives and ice picks . after earning a large sum of money , the tramps return to their old way of life . released on october 29 , 1913 , this film was the second joker comedy . the film received some criticism for its vulgar humor . the film had a limited theatrical release in the united states , but the film is presumed lost . = = plot = = two tramps , named dusty and weary , wake from their sleep on a horse stock and are overcome with thirst . the two fall from a horse , and dusty complains of thirst . the two go to the dentist office only to be kicked out . when the dentist goes on a rampage the two men then pose as men and enter the office and pull teeth with knives and tongs . when the rightful owners return they take over again . the tramps succeed in their mission and quickly make a large sum of money because they desire their old way of life . the two men then return the office to its rightful owners . = = cast = = max asher lee morris eddie boland joseph singleton bobby vernon credited as sylvion de jardins = = = = = the term " wandering dentist " refers to an unskilled person who practices dentistry . the appearance of the word and its usage was popularized in the us and was applied as a literal definition of a dentist , or homeless , @ - @ term homeless person , who engages in dentistry . the term was not exclusive to the united states as used in tracey smith ' s a man and a gentleman : canada and the rise of dentistry in ontario which refers to local blacksmiths and gunsmiths who would remove teeth and even create tools of varying effectiveness and quality . the single reel film was directed by allen curtis and released on october 29 , 1913 . the film was the second film of the newly formed joker line of films , after the cheese man . the film was not released with as much fanfare , but records show that the film was still advertised in theaters in late 1914 . = = = == the moving picture world described the film as being a low budget that featured " extremely vulgar " toilet scenes with the use of teeth with pincers and ice tongs . a more negative review in response to the film ' s comedic nature came from a letter to the editor of the moving picture world , which criticized the vulgar humor in the film as going to hurt members the audience and risk their continued exposure . the film had a limited national release that was shown in theaters throughout the united states . locations included chicago , illinois , florida , georgia , oklahoma , texas , north carolina , nevada , oregon , wisconsin , and california . the tramp film is presumed lost , but the cause of destruction is unknown . if the film were to have survived in universal ' s vaults it would have been deliberately destroyed along with the remaining remainder of universal ' s silent comedy films in 1948 .