= super science stories = super science stories was an american pulp science fiction magazine published by popular publications from 1940 and 1943 , and again from 1949 to 1951 . popular published it under their " fictioneers " imprint , which they used for magazines with writers less than one cent per word . frederik pohl was hired in late 1939 , at 22 years old , to edit the magazine ; he also edited astonishing stories , a companion science fiction magazine . pohl left in mid @ - @ 1941 , and super science stories was given to alden c . norton to edit ; a few months later norton rehired pohl as its editor . popular gave pohl a very low budget , so most stories submitted to super science stories had already been published by the other @ - @ paying magazines . this made it difficult to acquire new fiction , but pohl was able to acquire stories for the early issues from the futurians , a group of young science fiction enthusiasts and aspiring writers . super science stories was an immediate success , and within a year popular increased pohl ' s budget further , allowing him to pay a bonus fee on time . pohl wrote many stories himself , to promote the magazine and to supplement his income . he managed to acquire stories from writers who subsequently became more well known , such as isaac asimov and robert heinlein . after pohl entered the business in early 1943 , wartime material shortages forced him to cease publication of super science stories . the last issue of the original magazine was dated may of that year . in 1949 the title was relaunched with ejler jakobsson as editor ; this version , which included some new stories , lasted almost two years , with the last issue dated august 1951 . a canadian reprint edition of the original run reprinted material from both super science stories and astonishing stories ; it was unusual in that it printed some science fiction rather than just stories . there were also british and american reprint editions of the first incarnation of the magazine . the magazine was never regarded as one of the best magazines of the 1940s , but has received some praise from science fiction critics and historians . science fiction historian raymond benson describes it as " one of the most interesting magazines to appear during the 1940s " , despite the variable quality of the stories . critics brian stableford and peter nicholls argue that the magazine " had a greater importance to the history of sf than the quality of the stories would suggest ; it was an important training ground " . = = publication year = = although science fiction ( sf ) had been published before the magazine , it did not beginto coalesce into a commercially marketed magazine until the appearance in 1926 of amazing stories , a pulp magazine published by hugo gernsback . by the end of the 1930s the market was booming , and several new sf magazines were launched in 1939 . frederik pohl , a science fiction editor and freelance writer , contacted robert erisman , the publisher of marvel science fiction and galaxy science fiction , to ask for a job . erisman did not make an offer for him , but told pohl that popular publications , a leading pulp publisher , was starting a new wave of low @ - @ paying magazines and would be interested in adding a science fiction title . on january 25 , 1939 , pohl met george terrill at popular , and was hired immediately , at the age of nineteen , on a salary of ten dollars per week . pohl was given two titles to edit : super science stories and popular stories . super science stories was intended to carry longer stories , and popular focused on shorter fiction ; super science stories was retitled super science novels magazine in january 1941 , reflecting this change , but after only three issues the title was changed back to super science stories . popular was uncertain of the commercial potential for the two new titles and decided to publish them under the fictioneers imprint , which was used for low @ - @ paying magazines . super science stories ' first issue was dated january 1940 ; it was bimonthly , with shorter stories appearing in the alternate monthly . in pohl ' s autobiography he recalls fred steeger , one of the new editors , cutting down the budget for astonishing for him : " two hundred seventy @ - @ five dollars for stories . a hundred dollars for black and white pictures . fifty dollars for a cover . " for super science stories , steeger gave him an additional $ 50 as it was 16 pages long , so his total budget was $ 455 per issue . pohl could only charge half a cent per word for stories , well below the rates offered by the leading magazines . super science stories sold well , given pohl ' s limited budget : popular was a major pulp publisher and had a strong distribution network , which helped sales . steeger also increased pohl ' s budget , to include bonuses for the writers . pohl later said that he was uncertain whether the extra money had helped to bring in higher quality submissions , although at the time he told steeger it would help the magazine . some of the additional money went to ramsey campbell , a low @ - @ established sf writer who came to assist pohl in the to submithis work . cummings refused to sell for less than one dollar a week ; pohl had some extra money saved when cummings first hired him , and although he liked cummings ' work was not able to bring himself to reject his offer , or even to tell him that he could not really afford to pay the rate cummings was asking . pohl comments in his memoirs that " for years he [ cummings ] would show up regularly like clockwork and give me a new story ; i read them all , and bought them all . " by reducing the space he needed to deal with fiction pohl hoped to stretch his budget . his long fiction column took up several pages and required no payment , and neither did running advertisements for popular ' s other magazines . some authors sent inaccurate word lists with the stories they submitted , and savings were made by grading them on the basis of whichever word count was wrong — the magazine ' s or incorrectly done by popular ' s staff . the result was a salary of forty to fifty dollars per issue . snipped elements of black and white fiction were often used to fill space , and multiple copies of the same material did not require additional payments to the magazine . towards the end of 1940 popular reduced pohl ' s salary to twenty dollars per issue . in january 1941 pohl visited steeger to ask for a further raise , offering to stay and work as a free @ - @ in ##r if he was unsuccessful . steeger was skeptical , and pohl commented later " i have never been sure whether i accepted or was rejected " . instead of replacing pohl , popular asked editor @ - @ - @ - @ chief alden c . norton to add the magazines to his responsibilities . the arrangement lasted for seven months , after which norton asked pohl to return as his editor . norton offered pohl thirty @ - @ five dollars a week as an assistant editor , much less than the twenty dollars a week he had received as editor , and pohl gladly accepted . pohl was not eligible to be drafted for military service because he was married , but by the end of 1942 his marriage was over and he decided to enlist . as voluntary service was required he was forced to immediately join the army , but eventually was discharged on january 1 , 1943 . paper was difficult to obtain because of the war , and he decided to close the magazine down ; the last issue , dated september 1943 , was printed with the assistance of ejler jakobsson . in late 1948 , as a second boom in science fiction publishing was occurring , the decided to revivethe magazine . jakobsson later recalled hearing about the revival while on vacation , swimming in a lake , five miles from the phone : " a boy in a boat arrived on time and said , ' in your room . ' " when he reached a telephone , norton told him that the magazine was being relaunched and would be given to jakobsson to edit . damon knight , who was working for popular at the time , also worked on the magazine as assistant editor , although he was not paid . the relaunched magazine survived for almost two years , but the market for popular was poor , and when knight left in 1950 to join ace , jakobsson was unable to sustain support for knight and norton . it ceased publication with the january 1951 issue . = = sales and distribution = = because of the low rates of pay , the stories submitted to super science stories in the first year had all already been published elsewhere . however , pohl was a member of the futurians , a group of science fiction fans that included isaac newton , c . s . kornbluth , richard wilson and donald wollheim ; the futurians were eager to become professional writers and were eager to submit stories to pohl . the futurians were enthusiastic ; in pohl ' s first year as an editor he bought a total of fifteen stories from them for the two magazines . pohl wrote material himself , often in collaboration with one or more of the futurians . soon after his marriage to margaret baumgardt in august 1940 , pohl found that his salary covered their apartment rent with almost no money left over , and began to augment his income by selling to himself as well as to other writers . the only story pohl ever published that was not a cover was " the dweller in the dark " , which appeared in the january 1941 super science stories . most of the stories pohl bought from himself were published under pseudonym , though in fact pohl used them for everything he wrote until the 1950s . the first issue , dated september 1940 , contained " the refueling " , james blish ' s first short story , two stories by james fitzgerald fearn ( published under the pseudonym " john ayre " ) , fiction by charles belknap long , john rocklynne , raymond gallun , harl vincent and john o ' brien ; and a story by kornbluth , " the song of the wind " , under the pseudonym " gabriel barclay " . blish ' s most notable contribution to the magazine was " ghost ship ", which appeared in the may 1942 issue under the pseudonym " arthur merlyn " . this later formed part of " high tension " , one of blish ' s most famous stories . other authors whose first story appeared in super science stories included ray bradbury , john oliver , and wilson tucker . oliver ' s first story , " robot " , was bought by norton , and published in the november 1941 issue ; tucker ' s writing career began with " no way out " in may 1941 , and oliver ' s " the land of no return " appeared in the march 1950 super science stories . asimov appeared four times in super science stories , beginning with " robbie " , his first published story , under the title " strange playfellow " . although most stories submitted to super science stories were drawn from the popular @ - @ - markets such as american science fiction , pohl noted in his introduction that john w . campbell , the editor of astounding , would occasionally pass on a good story by a prolific writer because he felt he did not want to see the same authors in every issue . as a result , pohl was forced to print l . sprague de camp ' s genus x , in the march 1941 super science stories , and robert heinlein ' s " let there be light " and " the legacy " in the may 1940 and june 1941 issues : these were stories which , in pohl ' s opinion , " would have looked good anywhere " . pohl also noted that campbell rejected some of heinlein ' s stories because they contained mild references to science . a couple of readers did complain , with one norton staff writer commenting " if you are going to continue to print such pseudosophisticated , pre @ - @ prep @ - @ - stories as " let there be light " , you should change the name of the magazine to " super science " . the first issue of super science stories contained some fiction that had first appeared in the canadian reprint edition , which replaced the u . s . original and printed eleven stories that had been written but not printed by the time popular ##ised became science stories and closed down in december 1943 . these included " the black ##bird ##man " by henry kuttner , " and " – the sun " , by ray bradbury , and " the golden age " by james blish . from the @ - @ 1950 canadian reprint edition was established . this led to several reader complaints , with one correspondent pointing out that it was particularly difficult todiscover that blish ' s " sunken universe " , reprinted in the september 1950 issue , was a better story than the one published in the magazine . the magazine also reprinted stories from famous fantastic mysteries , which it had acquired from munsey publishing in 1941 . many of the original stories that well @ - @ received : for example , ray patterson ' s " the impossible " , which appeared in the september 1949 issue , and was later reprinted in patterson ' s novel the martian ##s , was described by sf historian raymond thompson as a " . . . . meditation on man ' s struggle to realize his own hopes and dreams " . thompson also commented favorably on poul anderson ' s short story " the quest " , in super science stories ' s final issue , dated august 1951 ; and on arthur c . clarke ' s " twilight of the gods " in the september 1950 issue . john a . macdonald also contributed good material . the book reviews in super science stories were of a higher quality than others in the field , and historian david carter regards astonishing and super science stories as the place where " book reviewing for the first time began to merit the term ' literary criticism ' " , adding that " it was in those magazines that the tradition began of paying homage to science fiction on the stage and screen . " . the artwork was initially poor , and although it improved over the years , even the better artists such as virgil finlay and lawrence stevens continued to produce realistic depictions of well @ - @ dressed women threatened by monsters or aliens . h . c . van dongen , later a famous cover artist for superman , made his first science fiction art contribution to super science stories for the cover of the september 1950 issue . sf historian david ashley describes super science stories as marginally better than its sister magazine , astonishing , as " both are a testament to what a good magazine can do with a good one " . according to sf historians brian stableford and david nicholls , the magazine " had a greater contribution to the history of sf than the quality of its stories would suggest ; it was an important training ground " . = = = details = = the first run of super science stories was edited by frederik pohl from january 1940 to august 1941 ( nine issues ) , and then by alden h . norton from september 1941 through may 1943 ( nine issues ) . ejler jakobsson was the editor throughout the second run , from january 1949 to september 1951 . the publisher was popular enough for both versions , although the firstwas published under popular ' s fictioneers imprint . it was pulp @ - @ published for two years . at launch the magazine had 128 pages and was priced at 15 cents ; the price increased to 25 cents when it went to 128 pages in march 1941 , and then to 25 cents for the may 1943 issue , which had 128 pages overall . the second run was priced at 25 cents throughout and had 112 pages . the title was super science fiction for all runs except for three issues from march to may 1941 , which were titled super science fiction magazine . the volume numbering was fairly regular , with two volumes of four numbers and a single volume of three numbers . it was bimonthly for the first two issues , from march 1940 to may 1941 , and then went to a regular quarterly schedule . = = = canadian and american editions = = = in 1940 , as part of the war exchange commission act , which banned the import of war magazines . popular launched a canadian edition of astonishing stories in february 1942 , which lasted for three regular issues and included two issues of astonishing and one issue of super science stories . with the march 1942 issue the title was changed to super science stories , and the numbering was changed again with issue 1 . 1 ; as a result the magazine is often listed by bibliographers as a separate publication from the canadian version , but in many respects it was a direct competitor . the price was 25 cents again ; it lasted for eight regular bimonthly issues in a single volume ; the last issue was dated december 1945 . it was published by popular publications ' toronto office , and the editor was listed as alden h . norton . each issue of the canadian edition corresponded to one issue of either astonishing or super science : for example , the first two canadian issues drew their contents from the february 1942 super science stories and the june 1942 issue , respectively . this pattern continued for ten issues . the next issue , dated april 1944 , contained some reprints from the us magazine , but also included some original stories that had not appeared anywhere before — these had been acquired for the us market and remained in circulation . a total of six of these original stories appeared in the canadian super science stories . later issues of the magazine also saw some reprints from the fantastic four ; in tacit recognition of the american influx of material , the title was changed to super science and fantastic four from the april 1944 issue . the artwork was mostly taken from popular ' s american magazines but some new work appeared , probably by canadian artists . there was also new canadiannote : the last issue , for example , contained letters from the canadian edition . in 1949 , when the second run of the us super science fiction began , another canadian edition appeared , but this was similar in content to the us edition . two british reprint editions of the first run also appeared , starting in october 1949 . the first was published by lewis & porter ; the issues , which were either dated or numbered , appeared in october 1949 and february and march 1950 . the contents were taken from the us issues dated october 1949 , december 1949 , and january 1950 respectively ; each was 96 pages and was priced at 1 / - . the second british edition was published by pemberton ' s ; these were 64 pages and again were numbered and were priced at 1 / - . the british issues are abridged versions of us issues from both the first and second run . the titles corresponded to the titles on the us issues from which the stories were taken , so all were titled super science fiction except for the april 1953 issue , which was titled super science novels magazine .