= valkyria chronicles iii = senjo no valkyria chronicles : unrecorded chronicles ( japanese : 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 , lit . valkyria of the chronicles 3 ) , commonly referred to as valkyria chronicles iii in japan , is a tactical role @ - @ playing video game developed by sega and media . vision for the playstation portable . released in january 2011 in japan , it is the third game in the valkyria series . featuring the same fusion of tactical and real @ - @ playing gameplay as its predecessors , the story runs parallel to the first , and follows the " nameless " , a fictional military unit from the kingdom of europe during the first europan war who lead the military operations and are pitted against the imperial unit " calamaty ##s " . the game began development in 2010 , carrying out a large portion of the work done for valkyria chronicles ii . while it retained the core gameplay of the series , it also underwent some adjustments , such as making the game more accessible for the newcomers . character designer jun honjou and composer hitoshi sakimoto both returned from previous games , along with valkyria chronicles ii director takeshi suzuki . a new team of writers handled the script . the game ' s opening theme was performed by may ' s . it met with positive sales in japan , and was praised by both japanese and western press . after release , it received downloadable content , along with an expanded edition in november of that year . it was also adapted into manga and an original video animation series . due to poor sales of valkyria chronicles ii , valkyria chronicles iii was never released , but a fan edition compatible with the game ' s expanded edition was released in 2014 . media . vision would return to the franchise with the development of valkyria : azure skies for the playstation portable . = = gameplay = = as with previous valkyira chronicles games , valkyria chronicles iii is a tactical role @ - @ playing game where players take control of a military unit and take part in battles against imperial forces . stories are told through comic - @ - @ like text with no character animation , with characters speaking partially through voiced speech bubbles and partially through unvoiced text . the player progresses through a series of different levels , eventually emerging as maps that can be freely played through and replayed as they are unlocked . the progression to each different level on the map varies depending on an individual player ' s choice : when a map is selected, the area is sealed off to the player . outside missions , the player characters rest in a camp , where weapons can be acquired and character development encouraged . alongside the main story , are other @ - @ specific sub stories assigned to different party members . upon the game ' s completion , additional episodes are unlocked , some of them having a higher difficulty than those found in the rest of the game . there are also love story elements related to the game ' s two main characters , although they take a more limited role . the game ' s battle system , the battle system , is carried over directly from valkyira online . during gameplay , players control a character in a top @ - @ down section of the battlefield map : once a character is selected , the player moves the character around the battlefield in third @ - @ person . a character can only act once per @ - @ person , but characters can be granted extra turns at the expense of other characters ' turns . each character has a field and range of movement determined by their action gauge . up to four characters can be assigned to a single mission . during gameplay , characters can miss out if something happens to them , such as their hit points ( hp ) getting injured or being knocked out by enemy units . each character has specific " potentials " , skills unique to each character . they are divided into " personal potential " , which are innate abilities that remain active unless otherwise dictated by the story and can either help or impede the player , and " special potentials " , which have grown throughout the game and can grant boons to the character . to increase these abilities , each character has a unique " skill table " , a top @ - @ based skill table that can be used to learn and use different skills . characters also have special abilities that grant them temporary boosts on the battlefield : kurt can take " the command " and move around the battlefield without changing his action gauge gauge , the character reila can shift into her " valkyria mode " and become invincible , and imca can target all enemy units with her heavy weapon . troopers are divided into five classes : scouts , shocktroopers , troopers , lancers and foot soldier . troopers can switch classes without changing their main weapon . changing class does not greatly affect the stats gained while in a given mission . with success in battle , experience points are awarded to the squad , which are distributed into five different attributes shared by the entire squad , a method different from previous games ' method of adjusting to different unit types .= = = = = the game takes place during the second europan war . gallian army squad 422 , also known as " the nameless " , is a imperial guard unit composed of criminals , political prisoners , and military personnel whose real names are erased from the records and thereon are referred to as numbers . ordered by the gallian government to perform the most dangerous missions that the imperial guard and militia will ever do , they are nevertheless up to the task , motivated by their motto , altaha abilia , meaning " be faithful . " the three main characters are no . 11 kurt keller , an army officer falsely accused of treason who wishes to kill himself ; ace no . 12 imca , a female darcsen heavy weapons specialist who seeks revenge against the valkyria who destroyed her family ; and no . 13 riela marcellis , a somewhat jinxed young woman who is actually a descendant of the valkyria . along with their fellow squad members , these three are forced to fight against a rebel rebel force known as the seven , consisting of former darcsen soldiers . as the seven officially do not exist , the upper ranks of the gallian army exploit the illusion of plausible deniability in order to send them on missions that would ultimately make them lose interest in the war . while at times this works to their advantage , such as a successful raid into imperial territory , other factors cause the members of the 422nd into despair . one such member , gusurg , is so distraught that he abandons his mission and falls into the ranks of the seven , contrary to the ideals of darcsen independence promoted by their leader , dahau . at the same time , elements within gallian society also move to erase the nameless in order to protect their own interests . pursued by both allies and enemies , and faced with the threat of a traitor within their ranks , the 422nd must fight to keep themselves alive while at the same time attempting to continue the gallian war effort . this continues until the squad ' s commanding officer , ramsey crowe , who had been kept under house arrest , is summoned to the capital city of randgriz in order to present evidence exonerating the three soldiers and exposing the real kurt , the gallian general that had accused kurt of treason . partly due to these events , and partly due to the dramatic drop in numbers it suffers towards the end of the war with the empire , the nameless is offered a permanent positionforming a squad in the gallian army rather than serving as an elite shadow force . this is short @ - @ fire , however , as after maximilian ' s death , dahau and calamity raven move to find the ancient valkyrian secret weapon within the empire , kept secret by their benefactor . without the support of maximilian or the chance to involve themselves in the war with gallia , it is dahau ' s only trump card in creating a new darcsen nation . as an elite gallian force invading the empire and following the other nations ' leaders @ - @ fire would certainly wreck their fragile peace , kurt decides to once again call his group the nameless , asking crowe to identify himself and all under his command as killed @ - @ in @ - @ action . still swearing allegiance to none other than themselves , the 422nd confronts dahau and finds the valkyrian weapon . the group then goes their separate ways in order to start their lives anew . = = development = = concept work for valkyria chronicles iii began after development finished on valkyria chronicles ii in early 2010 , with full development beginning shortly after this . the director of valkyria chronicles ii , takeshi sato , returned to that role for valkyria chronicles iii . development only lasted about a year . after the release of valkyria chronicles ii , the team took a look at both the fan response for the game and what they wanted to do next for the series . unlike its predecessor , valkyria chronicles iii was developed for playstation portable : this was due to the team wanting to refine the engine used for valkyria chronicles ii , and they could not come up with the " revolutionary " concept that would become a new entry for the playstation portable . speaking in an interview , it was stated that the development team wanted valkyria chronicles iii to be the series ' first major entry : while valkyria chronicles ii had required a large amount of trial and error during development due to the playstation portable , the third game gave them a chance to build upon the gameplay elements of valkyria chronicles ii due to being on the portable platform . in addition to sega staff from the first game , additional work was also handled by media . co . the original story was by kazuki yamanobe , while the sequel was written by hiroyuki fujii , koichi majima , kishiko miyagi , seiki nagakawa and takayuki shouji . its tone was darker and more violent than that ofits engine . the majority of material created for previous games , such as the blitz system and the design of maps , was carried over . alongside this , improvements were made to the game ' s graphics and some elements were expanded , such as level layouts , mission structure , and the number of playable units per mission . a part of this upgrade involved creating unique polygon ##s for each mission ' s environment . in order to achieve this , the cooperative elements incorporated into the second game were removed , as they took up a large amount of memory space needed for the game . they also adjusted the difficulty level and ease of play so they could appeal to younger players while retaining the essential elements of the series ' gameplay . the newer systems were decided upon early in development . the character designs were created by raita honjou , who had worked on the previous valkyria chronicles games . when designing the elite characters , honjou was faced with the same problems he had faced during the first game : the new characters essentially lacked character individuality , despite him trying to create new characters the player could control while maintaining a sense of continuity within the valkyria chronicles world . the primary color of the nameless was black . as with the previous valkyria games , valkyria chronicles ii used the canvas graphics engine . the anime opening was produced by production i . g . = = = music = = = the music was composed by hitoshi sakimoto , who had previously worked on the previous valkyria chronicles games . when he first thought about the project , he thought it would be a light game similar to other valkyria chronicles games , which made the themes much longer than expected . an early theme he designed for his original vision of the project was rejected . he redid the main theme about ten times through the music production due to this need to reassess the game . the main theme was initially recorded with synthesizers , then sakimoto removed elements such as the guitar and piano , then adjusted the music using a synthesizer , adding elements such as the guitar parts on their own and incorporating them into the theme . the new main theme was used as a theme song that played during the game ' s climax . the battle scenes were designed with the idea of a " modern battle " divorced from the original scenario by using live string instruments , helping to create a sense of continuity . while sakimoto was most used to working with synthesized music , he felt that he needed to incorporate live instruments such as orchestra and guitar . the theme was played bymitsuhiro ohta , who also arranged several of the vocal tracks . the game ' s opening theme song , " if you ask for . . . " ( もしも [UNK] か [UNK] うのなら , moshimo kimi ga negauno nara ) , was performed by japanese band may ' n . the theme was the battles soldiers fought , in particular their wish to protect what was precious to them rather than a sense of responsibility or guilt . the lyrics were written by seiko fujibayashi , who had worked on may ' n ' other projects . = = = = = = = in september 2010 , a teaser trailer was revealed by sega , hinting at a new valkyria chronicles game . in its september issue , famitsu listed that senjo no valkyria chronicles would be arriving for the playstation portable . the first public presentation was at the 2010 tokyo game show ( tgs ) , where a demo was made available for journalists and attendees . during the publicity , the details were kept scant so as not to spoil too much for potential players , along with some of its characters not being in development at the time of its release . to promote the game and tell the story leading into the game ' s events , an episodic flash graphic novel written by fujii began release in january 2011 . the game was released february 27 , 2011 . during an interview , the development team stated that the game had the capacity for downloadable content ( dlc ) , but that no plans were announced . three dlc maps , featuring new missions and recruitable characters , were released in february and april 2011 . an extra edition of the game , valkyria chronicles iii extra edition , released on november 1 , 2011 . packaged and sold at a lower price than the original , the edition came with eight additional episodes : three new , three chosen by sega from the game ' s dlc , and one made available as a pre @ - @ order bonus . people who already owned the original game could save their game data between versions . unlike its two predecessors , valkyria chronicles iii was not released in the west . according to sega , this was due to poor sales of valkyria chronicles iii and the relative popularity of the psp in the region . an unofficial english language patch began release in february 2012 : players with a copy of valkyria chronicles iii could download and play the patch , which translated the game ' s text into english . as with the extra edition , the patch was released in january 2014 . = = reception= = on the day of release in japan , valkyria chronicles iii topped the platform @ - @ exclusive and multi @ - @ platform sales charts . by early february , the game sold 102 @ , @ 779 units , coming in second place to the original story for the wii . by the end of the year , the game had sold just over 152 @ , @ 500 units . famitsu enjoyed the story , and was particularly pleased with the improvements to gameplay . japanese gaming site . watch ##er , despite negatively criticizing its pacing and elements recycled from previous games , was very positive about the story and characters , and found its gameplay enjoyable despite off @ - @ high difficulty spikes . 4gamer . com writer naohiko misuosame , in a " play ##list " article based on the game ' s psn demo , stated that valkyria chronicles iii provided a " nice bit of closure " for the valkyria chronicles series . he praised the gameplay despite the limitations to players such as special abilities , and positively noted its shift in pace to a pace similar to the previous game . playstation official magazine - uk criticized the game ' s lack of player ' s moral standing , art style , and most complaints about its gameplay , while praising the latter for both its overall design and the improvements to gameplay and content . the one major criticism was the difficulty spikes , something that had plagued the previous games . chris hindman of the website playstation lifestyle noted the addition of non @ - @ game elements and improvements or removal of elements from valkyria chronicles ii in addition to praising the overall gameplay style of previous games . he also positively noted the game ' s lighter tone . also criticized in the review were plot elements , awkward cutscenes that seemed to involve all characters in a group for no apparent reason , pacing issues , and general problems with the game ' s graphics . in a preview of the tgs demo , ryan geddes of ign was left uncertain as to where the game would go after completing the demo , along with enjoying the improved visuals of valkyria chronicles ii . kotaku ' s richard eisenbeis was highly positive about the game , citing the game as a return to form after valkyria chronicles ii and its gameplay as the best in the series . his main criticisms were its pacing and gameplay repetition , along with expressing disappointment that it would not be localized . = = = = = kurt and riela are featured in the nintendo animated television series twilight zone , representing the valkyria series .entertainment . they would return to the series to produce valkyria : azure revolution , with ozawa returning as producer . azure revolution is a role @ - @ 1 video game for the playstation 3 that forms the beginning of a new series within the valkyria series . = = = adaptations = = = valkyria chronicles iii was adapted into a two @ - @ 1 original video animation series in the same year of its release . titled senjo no valkyria 3 : taga ware no juso ( 戦 場 [UNK] [UNK] かための [UNK] [UNK] , lit . valkyria of the dead 3 : the end , for heaven ' s sake ) , it was originally released through playstation network and qriocity between april and june 2011 . the two @ - @ 1 release and availability dates had to be extended due to a move to psn during the late summer of that year . it later released for retail between july 31 and august 1 , 2011 , with the " red " and " blue " editions being available for purchase . the story is set during the latter half of valkyria chronicles iii , during a campaign by the nameless against their imperial enemy calamity iii . the anime was first broadcast in november 2010 . it was produced by two @ - @ 1 pictures , produced by shinji motoyama , directed by nobuhiro kondo , and written by hiroshi onogi . sakimoto ' s music for the game was used in the anime . the anime ' s plot was inspired by the principle purpose of the game : to suffer and sacrifice for the sake of others . the theme attached to the project during development was " the road to kubinka " , which referenced the kubinka tank battle in moscow . the anime ' s main theme was how the characters regained their sense of self when stripped of their names and identities , along with general themes focusing on war and its aftermath . when developing the series , the development team were encouraged by sega to make it as realistic as possible , with the result that the team did extensive research into things such as what happened when weapons or tanks were overturned or destroyed . due to it being in the same timeline as the original game and the original anime adaptation , the characters of valkyria 3 could make decisions , which pleased the team . the opening theme , " akari ( light ) - tomoshibi - " ( [UNK] @ - @ tomoshibi - ) , was performed by japanese singer faylan . the ending theme , " to the land offlowers will bloom " ( いつか [UNK] く 光 の 花 , itsuka saku hikari no hana ) , both sung by minami kuribayashi . the songs ' lyrics were written by their respective authors . two manga adaptations were produced , following each of the game ' s two female protagonists imca and riela . they are senjo no valkyria 3 : namo naki chikai no hana ( 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 名 もなき [UNK] いの 花 , lit . valkyria of the battlefield 3 : the flower of the eternal one ) , illustrated by naoyuki fujisawa and eventually released in two volumes after being serialized in dengeki maoh between 2011 and 2012 ; and senjo no valkyria 3 : - akaki unmei no ikusa otome - ( 戦 場 のウァルキュリア3 - [UNK] き [UNK] [UNK] の 戦 [UNK] 女 - , lit . valkyria of the battlefield 3 - the flower of the eternal fate ) , illustrated by mizuki tsuge and eventually released in a single volume by kadokawa shoten in 2012 .