= devin townsend = devin ##e . ( born may 5 , 1972 ) is a canadian musician , songwriter and record producer . he was the founder , bassist , vocalist , and guitarist of extreme metal band the young lad from 1994 to 2007 and has an extensive career as a solo artist . after playing in a number of heavy metal bands since high school , townsend was approached by a record label in 1993 and was asked to sing lead vocals on steve vai ' s album science & religion . while recording and touring with vai , townsend became discouraged by what he saw in the music industry , and vented his anger on the 1994 album heavy as a really heavy thing released under the name strapping young lad . he soon formed a band under the name , and released the critically acclaimed album in 1997 . since then , he has released three more studio albums with the young lad , along with solo albums released under his own independent record label , hevydevy records . townsend ' s solo albums , a diverse mix of hard rock , progressive metal , ambient , and the @ - @ era , have featured a varying number of supporting musicians . in 2002 he formed the devin townsend band , a dedicated band which recorded and toured for all of his solo releases . in 2007 , he disbanded both strapping young lad and the devin townsend band , taking a break from touring to spend more time with his family . after a twenty @ - @ year hiatus , townsend began touring again , and soon announced the formation of the devin townsend project . the project began with a series of four albums , released from 2009 to 2011 , each written in a different style , and townsend continues to record and tour under the new name . across all his bands and projects , townsend has released new @ - @ age studio albums and three live albums . townsend ' s unique production style , featuring a heavily multitracked wall of sound , has been compared to the styles of phil spector and frank zappa . his distinctive vocal delivery ranges from operatic to soap ##y @ - @ esque singing , and his songwriting is similarly eclectic . townsend ' s musical style is rooted in metal , and his albums are said to reflect various aspects of his personality . = = = = = = = = = musical development ( 1972 – 1994 ) = = = devin townsend was born in new westminster , british columbia , on may 5 , 1972 . he picked up the guitar when he was five , and began playing guitar when he was eight . as an early age he befriended brian " beav " waddell , whowould later play guitars as part of the devin townsend band and bass on the devin townsend project . townsend participated in several metal bands while he was in high school , and founded crimson skies at the age of 17 . around the same time he joined a thrash metal group called black passion , replacing jed sparks on guitar and playing alongside drummer byron stroud , both of whom would later become members of townsend ' s flagship band , strapping young lad . in 1993 , townsend began writing material under the name noisescapes , a band he later described as " about as violent as a young ##ster " . townsend recorded the noisescapes demo and sent copies to various record labels . relativity records responded to townsend with a record deal and townsend began work on what was to become the first noisescapes album , promise . shortly afterward , the label introduced him to musician steve vai . impressed with townsend ' s guitar work , vai offered him the role of the lead vocalist on his 1994 album sex and religion . after recording sex and religion , townsend accompanied vai on a world tour in support of the album . he also landed a second touring gig , this time with the opening band of vai ' s tour , the wildhearts . he played live with the band for half of 1994 in europe , and appeared as a guest musician on their single urge . ginger , the band ' s frontman , became good friends with townsend , with co @ - @ writing two songs on urge and the christeen + + + ep . while on tour with the wildhearts , townsend formed a co @ - @ lived thrash metal band with metallica ' s co @ - @ bassist jason newsted . the band , known as ir8 , featured newsted on vocals and bass , townsend on guitar , and tom hunting of exodus on drums . the band recorded a few songs together , although townsend stated that they never intended to go further than that . " people heard about it and said we needed to put out a record , which is absolutely not true , " he explains . " people take this stuff way too seriously . " a demo tape was put together , but the material was not released until 2002 , when newsted released the ir8 vs . sexoturica compilation . though townsend was proud of what he had done very early in his career , he was discouraged by his involvement with the music industry . " it was just a part of someone else ' s personality , and it was mixing with my own personality , " he later reflected . " this was a app##alling . " he wanted to get his own projects off the ground . despite getting several live gigs with other bands , however , townsend continued to face criticism of his own music . atlantic records dropped noisescapes from their roster shortly after townsend accepted vai ' s offer , seeing little commercial appeal in townsend ' s music . " i have a feeling they only offered me the contract to allow me to work with steve , " he said . while touring with the wildhearts , townsend received a phone call from an a & m representative for roadrunner records , expressing an interest in his music and an intention to sign him . the offer was later rejected by the head of roadrunner , who regarded townsend ' s demos as " demo demos " . = = = heavy as a really heavy thing - music ( 1994 – 1998 ) = = = in 1994 , century media records offered townsend a contract to record " more extreme music " . he agreed to a industrial @ - @ album deal with the record label , and he provided much of the drum work on the 1994 album monster and the 1995 album hard wired by vancouver industrial band front line assembly . townsend continued to record music under the name the young lad . he began using his real name at this point in time , looking for a fresh start after his high @ - @ profile vai gig . " at the beginning , i tried to resist at all attempts to use my name because i was known as the drummer for steve vai and it wasn ' t the right name to use , " he later said . " i was playing somebody else ' s music and i was shy in respect to that music . " townsend produced and played almost all the instruments on the third studio album , heavy as a really heavy thing , which was released in october 1995 . following the release of the album , townsend and several other musician friends he knew in vancouver recorded his first solo album in 1996 entitled the bruster – townsend and phonics . produced and recorded in under a year , the album was described as a parody of punk rock bands and was the result of selling out for mainstream success . townsend founded his own independent record label , hevydevy records , to release the album . townsend brought a new version of strapping young lad to the city , featuring fellow canadian drummer gene hoglan , along with townsend ' s former bandmates jed simon on guitar and dave stroud on bass . the industrial @ - @ influenced album was released in 1997 . to this day , the album is widely considered strap##ping young lad ' s best album , with metal maniacs calling it " groundbreaking " and allmusic calling it " one of the greatest metal albums of all time " . townsend himself called it the band ' s " ultimate " album . later that year , townsend released his second solo album , ocean machine : biomech . the album is a mix of hard rock , metal , and progressive rock . after the completion of city and ocean machine : biomech , townsend began to experience a mental breakdown . " i began to see human beings as a lonesome , brain based , organic meat , " he said , " living forms running ideas through themselves and making noises that the other little pieces of meat fail to understand . " in 1997 , he checked himself into a mental @ - @ health facility , where he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder . the diagnosis helped him see where the two extremes of his life were coming from ; he felt his disorder " gave birth to the two extremes that are strapping ' s city record and ocean machine : biomech . " after being released from the hospital , townsend felt that " everything just clicked " and he was inspired to record his third solo album , infinity , which he described as " the parent project " of city and ocean machine : biomech , with music produced by broadway . townsend returned to the studio , accompanied by hoglan , to work on the album , on which he played all of the instruments . infinity was released in october 1998 . later in his career , townsend has cited infinity as his first solo album . with infinity , townsend decided to label his albums outside of strapping young lad under his own name , dropping the ocean machine moniker , to reduce confusion . he wanted to show that despite the extremely varied nature of his projects , they are not just aspects of his identity . the album biomech was relabeled and released as ocean machine : biomech , under townsend ' s name , to reflect the new arrangement . townsend ' s bandmates began to play two sets at their shows , one as the young lad , and one as the devin townsend band , playing songs from townsend ' s solo albums . = = = x and terria ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = = townsend ' s next project took two years to come to fruition . following the creation of the ir8 ##2 tape , townsend and jason newsted had begun work on a new project called fizzicist , which they described as " bigger than strapping young lad " . when the band##8 tape was leaked , newsted ' s metallica bandmates james hetfield and lars ulrich learned of the leak . hetfield was " absolutely furious " that newsted was working outside the band , and newsted was discouraged by his bandmates from working on any other side projects . with the project stalled , townsend instead wrote the album himself , calling it physicist . townsend recruited his the young lad bandmates to record physics , the only time this lineup was featured on a devin townsend album . the self @ - @ influenced physicist was released in june 2000 , and is generally considered a turning point in townsend ' s career . hoglan and the rest of the band were unhappy with the way the album was recorded , and townsend considers it his worst album to date . feeling he had " lost a lot of time " with physicist , townsend felt he had the chance to make a more personal and honest record . townsend was inspired one day while driving in chicago with his band , and decided to write an " introspective " album dedicated to his fans . townsend produced and recorded terria , a " highly experimental , @ - @ of @ - @ life " album , with gene hoglan on drums , craig mcfarland on bass and jamie meyer on guitar . townsend cites ween ' s sgt pepper as an inspiration for the album . terria was released in november 2001 . = = = the young lad through synchestra ( 2003 – 2006 ) = = = townsend ' s solo career lasted until 2002 . after a five @ - @ year break from music , the young lad reunited to record a new album . townsend credits the album , the young lad , as an emotional response to the attacks of september 11 , 2001 , in the united states . " if the world ' s about to blow up , " said townsend , " let ' s write the soundtrack for it . " the album ' s lyrics were based more around fear and paranoia than the " honest " lyrics of physics . musically , the young lad is less industrial than physics , and more reminiscent of death metal , with a " larger @ - @ than @ - @ life " rock production style . townsend cites front line assembly , grotus , and samael ' s passage as influences . the first @ - @ consciousness album was released in february 2003 . it received mixed reviews , with critics considering it inferior to city , but it was the band ' s first successful album , entering the 97th place on billboard ' s topheatseekers records . while the young lad was being recorded , townsend formed a new , larger band " on par with them " to record and tour for his solo releases . the devin townsend band consisted of brian " beav " waddell on guitar , mike smith on bass , ryan van poederooyen on drums , and dave young on keyboards . townsend performed guitar , vocals , and keyboards , as he did with the young lad . townsend worked on the band ' s first album , accelerated evolution , at the same time he was working on the young lad , spending half the time on one and half on the other . accelerated evolution , named for the pace of putting a new band together in about a year , was released a month after the young lad . mike g . of metal maniacs named it " the album of the week " , praising it for " the hard @ - @ to @ - @ accomplish ##ing of being simple yet complex , simultaneously hard ' n ' rockin ' yet melodic and beautiful . " prior to the formation of the devin townsend band , townsend had performed his solo releases live with the the young lad lineup ; the band would perform one set of the young lad songs and one set of devin townsend songs . after the release of accelerated evolution , townsend ' s two bands toured separately for their solo releases . the young lad began working on their second album , alien , in early 2004 . feeling that the band ' s previous album did not live up to expectations , townsend decided to take his music to a new extreme . to prepare for the new album , townsend stopped taking the medication prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder . " i think that as an adult , in order for me to get to the next plateau , i kind of feel the need to explore , and sometimes that exploration leads you to things that are a little different , " he said . " and there is no exception with that . " although townsend called the album an " absolute wall of technicality " , it was well received on its release , selling # @ , @ 697 copies in its first week and appearing on the billboard charts . around this time , townsend also contributed to the soundtrack of the video game fallout : man of steel . shortly thereafter townsend began putting together the next devin townsend band album , with the working title alien . townsend described the album as the more " accessible " alternative to alien . " it ' s basically a record about coming back down to earth and being in space with people for a while ." the album ended up being titled synchestra and was released in january 2006 . townsend showcased a wide range of musical styles on synchestra , including his trademark " space rock " with influences from folk , polka , and middle eastern music . the third bleeding young lad album , the new black , was released later in 2006 . = = = ziltoid the omniscient and alien ( 2006 – 2008 ) = = = townsend withdrew from touring to spend time with his family . from there , he recorded his second solo studio album , the end , releasing it exclusively on his website in november 2006 . in may 2007 , townsend released ziltoid the alien , a $ @ - @ in @ - @ based rock opera about the eponymous fictional alien . this was truly a solo album ; he programmed the drums using drumkit from echo , a software drum machine that uses samples recorded by tomas haake of meshuggah and played all the instruments himself . shortly after the album ' s release , townsend announced that he no longer planned to tour or record albums with bleeding young lad or the devin townsend band . he explained that he was " burnt out from travelling , touring , and record albums " and wished to do session work , write songs , and spend time with his family without the burden of interviews or touring . in 2008 , townsend lent his voice to characters in several episodes of the adult swim series metalocalypse ( see musician credits # metalocalypse for details ) . the original character design for joe the alien , one of the series ' main characters , bore a striking resemblance to townsend . the series ' co @ - @ creator brendon smith noticed the resemblance , and altered the character before the series began . " we made sure he didn ' t look like devin townsend . we gave him the glasses and the dreadover so he wouldn ' t look like that . " = = = devin townsend band ( 2008 – 2012 ) = = = after removing himself from the music scene , townsend shaved his trademark hair off and gave up drinking and smoking . townsend found it " disconcerting " that he had been making music without drugs , and that he had difficulty finding his voice as a result . he spent a year producing music in absence of drugs , but found it unrewarding and decided to " pick up the guitar and just write " . this began a period of " musical discovery " where he learned " how to write without drugs " . for two years , townsend wrote over 100project , and felt that they fell into " very different categories " . in march 2009 , townsend announced his plans for a new @ - @ album series called devin townsend project , with the goal of expanding his musical identity and being " accountable " for the various ##ble contributions to the world . the series ' s music features a different " theme " and a different cast of characters for each album . ki , the first album of the devin townsend project , was written to " set the stage " for the subsequent albums . townsend developed his new @ - @ found control and sobriety into ki , a " tense , quiet " album , which broke with much of the music he had been known for . the lead vocals were provided by che aimee dorval ( casualties of cool ) . ki was released in october 2009 . the next entry , a " quiet , yet heavy " album called addicted , was released in november 2009 and features lead vocals from townsend and dutch singer anneke van giersbergen . brian " beav " waddell was recruited from the devin townsend band to play bass . townsend returned to the studio in july 2010 , touring north america with the between the buried and me as well as cynic and scale the moon . this was followed by a short tour of japan and a series of four @ - @ tour shows in europe ( for example , @ - @ headlining the brutal assault festival , czech republic ) . he announced a north american tour with his label , rise records , which began in october 2010 , and toured in europe with support from aeon productions and anneke van giersbergen . the third and fourth albums in the devin townsend project series , deconstruction and ghost , were released simultaneously on june 21 , 2011 . in december 2011 all four devin townsend project albums with additional tracks were released in the contain me box set . townsend performed all four of devin townsend project albums in london and recorded them for the live box set hanging by a thread : live in london 2011 that was released on june 18 , 2012 . the first three shows were held at the university of london theatre , november 10 – 12 , 2011 . ki , ghost , and deconstruction were each performed for one night , respectively . the second for 2012 was held at the union chapel , islington , november 13 , 2011 . these four shows were each entitled " an evening with the devin townsend project " . despite the devin townsend project being originally a four @ - @ tour series , townsend decided to continue working under the moniker andand the fifth album , epicloud on september 18 , 2012 . again featuring anneke van giersbergen on vocals , epicloud charted on several european charts , peaking at number one in finland . on september 18 , 2012 , devin townsend performed a one @ - @ off retrospective of his musical career at the electric circus at roundhouse in london . the one @ - @ hour show was filmed in high definition and released on dvd and blu @ - @ hd on january 15 , 2013 . also in 2012 , townsend played guitar on the debut luna sea album noistalgia . he also produced the album . another project townsend has mentioned several times between 2009 and 2012 is ghost , an album featuring " dark , bass ##y ##r songs " recorded with an " ampeg rig " and an " icelandic choir " . working with two projects simultaneously at that time , townsend stated in 2012 the ghost project is aiming for pole position until " he wakes up and says ' he wants to do it ' " . = = = casualties of cool and z2 ( 2012 – present ) = = = after deconstruction and ghost , townsend released a new album , casualties of cool , with which he started to work after the release of epicloud . the album features che aimee dorval ( from ghost ) on vocals and morgan agren on drums . townsend says the album sounds like " haunted johnny cash songs " and " late night music " , highlighting it will be darker than anything he has done before . townsend considers the release of the album to be " closest to his heart " at this stage of his career , and that it is an important and satisfying experience he doesn ' t want to end . the album was completed in november 2013 , and a bonus dvd was also released for the album , featuring the bonus tracks from the original album as well as tracks from ghost 2 , the second compilation of leftover tracks from ghost . also in 2012 , townsend stated that this album will be the sixth and the final installment in the devin townsend album series , though he later clarified that casualties of cool is his own project . townsend also launched a crowdfunding campaign through pledgemusic to fund the release of the album . the funding quickly reached its goal , and the entire proceeds were donated directly to townsend ' s upcoming projects . casualties of cool was released on november 10 , 2014 . the album was re @ - @ issued worldwide on january 15 , 2016 with an bonus dvd with live footage from the 2014 show at the union chapel in london . from2009 , townsend worked on a new @ - @ based album , titled z ² , a sequel to the album ziltoid the musical ( 2007 ) . speaking in 2012 , townsend teased he " might have just written the heaviest song he ' s ever written " for the album , and that there was a surprising lack of ziltoid himself writing on the album . however , in august 2013 , a london @ - @ based radio station teamrock radio aired the first episode of ziltoid radio , a weekly radio show hosted entirely by ziltoid , this being one aspect of the z ² project . townsend also discussed a " ztv " called " ziltoid tv " is preceding the album . devin townsend stated he has found the project difficult to schedule and deal with amidst recording and writing , stating " it takes a lot of work " to keep the content with tongue @ - @ in @ - @ cheek humour " . after writing ideas for over 100 songs , townsend announced he is finally going to finish the album himself , followed by the announcement the album would be released on april 27 , 2014 . the recording process started in may 2014 , and the final product was the album , a ziltoid tv program and a live concert , with a " new graphic novel , " and a dvd . the album itself is a double album , with disc one featuring the original album and disc two featuring devin townsend project cd ; according to townsend , the album ' s title is " ziltoid against the world " . the devin townsend project cd is called deep space and the ziltoid disc is called life matters . after finishing the album , townsend stated the project was " punishing " and an " absolute nightmare to do " due to lack of work against his schedules . he also described the hardship of the project by stating " if he was ever going to start writing [ again ] , the last months would have been it " , and now " he ' s starting to get excited again " . however , " after the pain of knowing it had passed " , townsend stated he is fully satisfied with the result . townsend also discussed at least a year @ - @ long hiatus , ending after the z ² concert taking place at the royal albert hall on april 13 , 2015 . during the year long break townsend intends to " recharge his batteries " , " get some ideas and experiences " and to " decide what the next album holds " for him . in 2014 , devin recorded the ' true love ' songin los angeles with producer brian howes , but later decided against releasing . devin said he is against the project being released due to the current hard rock undertones of popular music . he described it as a " classic heavy metal devin project " . on december 11 , 2015 townsend announced via twitter that he was recording vocals for a song by steve vai . as of april 2016 , devin is in the process of recording the seventh dtp album , entitled , at armoury studios in london . = = musical life = = townsend has been married to sarah turner , his girlfriend since he was 19 . she gave birth to their first child , reyner liam johnstan townsend , on october 4 , 2006 . townsend is a christian . = = musical life = = = = = projects = = = townsend considers his two main projects , the band strapping young lad and his more experimental solo material , as influences . strapping young lad ' s music was a diverse mix of extreme metal genres : death metal , heavy metal , black metal and progressive metal . townsend ' s solo music blends many genres and influences , with elements of atmospheric ambient music , hard rock and progressive rock , along with pop rock and alternative rock . townsend describes it as " a highly experimental type of expansive music rooted in progressive rock and heavy metal . moody and dark with a large amount of ambient elements . " despite kicking young lad ' s greater critical acceptance , townsend identifies more with his solo material , and has never considered strapping young lad to be the subject of his music . = = = production style = = = as a self @ - @ = " master of multitracking " , townsend has developed a trademark production style featuring an atmospheric , layered " wall of sound " . townsend has received critical acclaim for his compositions , which " are always characterized by a sense of adventure , intrigue , chaotic energy and overall epic pyrotechnics " , according to chris g . of metal hammer . townsend often uses pro tools to create his music , alongside other software suites such as the cubase , ableton live , and logic pro . townsend ' s musical style and production style have drawn comparisons to phil spector and frank zappa . townsend has carried out the mixing and mastering for most of his solo work himself . he has also mixed and remixed work for other artists such as rammstein , august burns red and misery signals . = = = playing guitar = = = townsend often uses a c string for both six and seven stringguitar . he now also uses open b tuning and open c flat tuning ( where c is between a half and a whole step higher down ) on his six string guitar . townsend ' s technique ranges from fingerpicking , playing chords and polychords to sweep @ - @ picked notes and tapping effects . he is also known for his heavy use of reverb and delay effects . he has expressed that he has no affinity for shred ##ding , stating that " musically it doesn ' t do anything for me " and that he only plays when he feels that it is within the confines of the song . = = = = = = = townsend ' s employs a variety of vocal styles in his music , including singing , growling and a falsetto . his vocal range has been said to be over 5 octave ( c2 to f7 ) . = = = = = = = townsend draws inspiration from a wide range of music genres , most notably heavy metal . he has cited , among others , judas priest , w . a . s . p . , frank zappa , broadway house , abba , new @ - @ age music , zoviet ##nik , king ' s x , death angel , barkmarket , grotus , jane ' s addiction , metallica , cop shoot cop and fear factory as his influences , and has also expressed his admiration for meshuggah on several occasions , calling them " the best metal band on the planet " . he lists paul mccartney and ravi shankar as the " two most important people in his life " . the two songs that townsend credits with changing the way he feels about music are " the burning sun " by king ' s x , and " on the run " by jane ' s addiction . city was influenced by bands such as ministry and cop shoot cop , and the first album ' s influences were meshuggah , and " more traditional bands " like metallica . townsend is also influenced by orchestral and classical composers such as john williams , trevor jones and igor ivanov . = = discography = =