= forward intelligence team = forward intelligence team ( fits ) are one or more police officers who are deployed by metropolitan police forces to gather intelligence on the protesters and in some circumstances , to disrupt activists and monitor anti @ - @ social behaviour . they use cameras , cameras and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public . an ongoing legal challenge has been made against their use of overt surveillance , and in 2009 the court of appeal ruled that they must allow collection of data on a low @ - @ by @ - @ case basis . any such information is stored in the crimint database . some activists have criticised fits and claimed that they feel the aim of their work during protests is to prevent legal protests . they have also claimed that fits failed to protect them photographing protests and that they conduct surveillance of journalists . a campaign group , fitwatch , formed in 2007 that attempted to obstruct fits and perform sousveillance on the police . two members of the group were arrested at the 2008 climate crisis on obstruction charges . a specialist police surveillance unit , the video surveillance unit is operated by greater manchester police . in june 2010 , the home office announced it would expand the role of fits during public order policing . = = history and culture = = fits were first formed in the early 1990s , as part of the public order intelligence unit ( co11 ) , a part of the public order branch of the metropolitan police . they have followed protest fans , bomb makers and other protesters ( since at least 1996 ) , using cameras , cameras and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public . the police officers wear a uniform , and are intended to be a highly visible presence . their uniform is slightly different from normal police officers in that the upper part of their yellow uniform jackets is blue . civilian officers are also employed by the police to work with fits . according to scotland yard , the aim of fit ##watch at times is to record evidence of protesters in case it occurs later on in a protest . more recently the fits ' purpose has been reduced to routine police work on anti @ - @ level crime and anti @ - @ social behaviour and police forces throughout the uk now have their own fits . despite the implication in their name that their function is to primarily gather intelligence , they are also intended to have a positive impact . this implication has been used to work with police reports of anti @ - @ social behaviour at times when they are working in specific areas . jacqui smith , the home secretary praised a leopard that wasfits to local youths , in laindon , has said : " using fit is exactly the kind of police training that will bring young offenders to their senses . . . by filming of them and their associates throughout the day and night " linda catt , an activist , has said that their tactics are " designed to intimidate protesters and prevent lawful dissent " . this view is echoed by a police review of their operations at the 2008 march for democratic action which criticised fit and the event for the protests . in march 2010 , the home office announced it would review the use of fits during public order policing . the move was influenced by the fact that information collected by fits , included that which was relevant to suspected criminals , for example recording who gave speeches at demonstrations . in june 2010 , fit officers in plain clothes were photographed by a press photographer at a protest against companies avoiding tax , despite mp john broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee in may 2009 , that fit uniformed officers distinguishable by their trousers and yellow shirts were involved in gathering intelligence at work . the metropolitan police told the committee that it was necessary to deploy plain @ - @ clothed officers to " gather information to provide people with a clear and up @ - @ to @ - @ - intelligence picture of what to expect " . this was the first time that fits are known to have been deployed in plain clothes . = = legal issues = = liberty brought a judicial review of the overt surveillance practices in december 2008 , which was ruled in favour of the police , however the police were asked to clarify their position to the court of appeal , following an investigation by the guardian newspaper . in may 2009 , the court of appeal ruled that photographs collected by police of people who have not committed a criminal offence could no longer be collected . the ruling was made after david wood , an arms trade lawyer , was arrested while protesting the management of reed elsevier at their agm over them handling arms trade protests . wood claimed that police had harassed him and infringed his right to privacy by arresting him . john collins of mapesbury said that the police presence had a " chilling effect " on protesters who were detained lawfully . fits have not been banned but they must still allow the retention of photographs on a up @ - @ by @ - @ intelligence basis . as a result of the ruling the metropolitan police ' s public order unit , co11 was ordered to delete 50 % of the photos of protesters that they collected . in a report about the aftermath of the 2009 g @ - @ 20 london protesthowever , denis o ' connor , the chief inspector of constabulary , stated that the continued use of fits at protests " raises fundamental privacy issues and should be reviewed " . he also said that there was " confusion " over the use of fits and advised that the home office should issue guidance over the legality of the photographs of protesters and the retention of images . = = data collection = = the data that fits collects is stored in the crimint database , which is used primarily by police officers to collect criminal intelligence . events are listed by name allowing police to track which individual they have attended . photographs obtained from fits are used to create " contact cards " consisting of people ' s photographs which allow officers to track people and the events that they attend . for £ ##40 , police are able to obtain a list of protests that they have attended from the data held on crimint under provisions in the data protection act 1998 . = = academic response = = a 2006 report , the future of the media calculated that the use of fits at protest events involved collecting data on roughly 1 @ , @ 100 pages to record the actions of one person . the report also noted that most of the people using " spotter cards " , recorded by the fits photographers , were those involved in the organisation of protests and that they also attended events where demonstrations are organised . = = protest = = fitwatch ( founded in early 2007 ) campaigned against fits by actively opposing their operations , and by passively supporting their operations by monitoring protesters ( a form of sousveillance ) . in march 2009 , the police released video footage recorded by a woman at the 2008 summer olympics of alleged police brutality against the female members of fitwatch . the women had asked police officers to give their phone numbers , but at least two officers had publicly denied them . the women attempted to approach the police officers for identification , but were knocked to the ground , restrained with handcuffs , and had their hands bound with rope . they were then placed in restraint positions , arrested , charged and held in custody for three days , including two days at hmp bronzefield , before they were released on bail . the police later dropped all the allegations against the women . the women lodged a complaint with the ipcc about the incident . the journalist george monbiot commented on this incident , saying that " the police are turning activism into a crime " and that " the police ' s appear to have been lifted from the stasi ##s manual " . he claimed that " anybody who is not correct is not , identified ,registered , logged , and cross @ - @ crime " . a police debrief into the operation at kingsnorth praised the work of fits saying that they were " very effective and gained good publicity and disruption " . two members of fitwatch were arrested for obstructing fit officers in december 2008 as they attempted to photograph those attending a may 1 protest in london . in july 2010 the inner london crown court overturned the men ' s convictions , with the judge stating that the protesters ' human rights may have been violated by the fit officers . on 15 november 2010 , the founders of the fitwatch blog were asked by the police and cross @ - @ crime unit to take down the site due to it " being used to undertake illegal activities " . the request came from a post on the blog after the 2010 student protests in london , which advised students of actions they should take if they were concerned that they were not at the protest , such as cutting their hair and disposing of clothes they were wearing . emily smith , one of the founders of the site told the guardian , " nothing in that post [ giving guidance to student protesters ] has ever been said directly on our blog or any other sites " . on 16 november 2010 , the fitwatch blog returned , hosted on a web server outside of the police . the national union of journalists ( nuj ) has criticised fits for their surveillance and sometimes violent harassment of student protesters . marc vallee , who was hospitalised by fits while documenting a protest , has said that the teams limit freedom of the press and called on the home office to ensure that the police have no authority to restrict the work of photojournalists . bob broadhurst , who is in charge of public order policing at the metropolitan police , said in a statement to the nuj in 2008 that students , " with the production of a new school of journalism will be able to continue with their work " . the nuj are to make a formal complaint to the information commissioner due to the metropolitan police failing to provide guidance on the accreditation of journalists under the freedom of information act . bob broadhurst told photographers at an nuj meeting that he had lost confidence in the national press pass ( a form of press pass ) and journalists need to prove that they are bona @ - @ fide newsgatherers to an independent authority before they are issued . the bbc documentary series panorama broadcast an episode entitled what ever happened to police power ? in july 2009 which explored the role of fits in targeting journalists and journalists . = = similar police power = = greatermanchester police have a criminal intelligence unit , whose plainclothes officers confront and video certain freed prisoners as they leave prison after serving their sentences . they also collect footage of people engaging in - @ - @ - behaviour on the internet . the aim is to give other police officers up to date information about the appearance of people who have broken the law . video footage thus collected is constantly shown on tv screens in areas where officers perform their duties . footage that they have recorded has also been uploaded onto youtube in an attempt to catch people they may have reoffended . this has resulted in several people being sent back to prison for breaching licence ##s . since the unit was launched in 2006 more than 900 people have been filmed by the unit . not all of these people are involved in crime however , people can be filmed if they are known to associate with other crime or if they have been stopped in an area of high crime under suspicious circumstances . kieran walsh , a civil liberties lawyer , said the unit ' s work " could have implications " for the force under article 8 of the european convention on human rights - the right to privacy . he believes that filming must be a " proportionate and reasonable " response to a crime and that this does not appear to be the case when people are being targeted over what they might do in the future . it is unknown as to how long footage collected by the unit is to be stored but gmp officials expect it to be stored for several years .