= trinsey v . pennsylvania = trinsey v . pennsylvania 941 f . 3d 224 was a case decided by the united states court of appeals for the third circuit that upheld the validity of state elections held without a primary under the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments to the united states constitution . the case came about due to the death of h . john heinz iii , one of the us senators from pennsylvania , in a helicopter crash on april 4 , 1991 . under the fourteenth amendment , state law may grant the governor the power to appoint candidates to fill temporarily vacant senate seats until a special election can be held , and pennsylvanian law has a statute executing this and requiring no primary for the special election . instead , both the democrats and republicans would each internally select their candidates . john s . trinsey jr . , a voter and perennial candidate , asked the united states district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania to declare the statute unconstitutional , a variation on the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments , because the absence of a primary removed his right to properly vote for candidates and delegated that power to political parties . after deciding that the statute ' s subject matter necessitated the strict scrutiny approach , the district court ruled on june 10 , 1991 that it was an unconstitutional violation of the right to vote for and select their candidates . this decision was appealed to the court of appeals for the third circuit , who ruled against the use of the strict scrutiny approach and , in its absence , held that the statute was not a violation of the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments . academics have been critical of both the decision , and the approach taken , with some suggesting that the " substantial state interests " test used in valenti v . pennsylvania would be more appropriate . = = = = = on april 4 , 1991 h . john heinz iii , one of the us senators from pennsylvania , was killed when his chartered plane crashed with a crew inspecting its landing gear . under the seventeenth amendment to the united states constitution , the legislature of each state has the power to appoint the governor to fill the vacant seat until a special election can be held . in 1990 , this power had been delegated , and governor robert p . casey issued a writ on june 4 , 1991 , making july 1 the date for the special election and thereby appointing harris wofford to fill heinz ' s temporarily @ - @ vacant seat . under pennsylvania law , there was no need for a primary in such a case ; instead , both the democrats and republicans would each internally select their candidates , who would run in the special election . john s . trinse##y jr . , a member of the pennsylvanian electorate and potential candidate , challenged the constitutionality of this law , arguing that it violated his rights under the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments . trinsey argued that , by failing to allow for primaries , the state statute prevented him from having to nominate the candidate of his choice , and that this violated the fourteenth amendment ; the existence of the statute ( and absence of a provision for primaries ) had allegedly violated the rights of the electorate under the fourteenth amendment , which prohibits the selection of senators by popular vote ; trinsey ' s argument was that the legislation had allegedly given the power to select senators to political parties rather than the electorate . accordingly , trinsey filed a motion for a summary judgment to establish that the statute was unconstitutional , and also requested that wofford be removed from his seat . lawyers for the commonwealth of pennsylvania , joined by the office of the governor , argued that the statute did not permit the use of primary elections to fill seats , and that the statute " protected valid and compelling state interests in protecting the integrity of the electoral process and limiting the term of a [ governor - ] or senator " . = = judgment = = the case was first heard in the united states district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania , where , after oral arguments , the court dismissed both trinsey ' s motion to remove wofford and the state ' s motion to dismiss . on december 12 , 1991 , however , the district court declared the statute unconstitutional , finding that it violated both the fourteenth and seventeenth amendments due to the failure to permit " citizen participation " through the use of primary elections . this decision was reached following an analysis of the legislative history of the seventeenth amendment and electoral law ; based on this analysis , the court concluded that the pennsylvanian use of the primary process in a special election implied the right to vote , which was violated by the use of a primary and necessitated a further review of the legislation . after reviewing the case , the court concluded that " the interests the legislature put forth in support of the statute could not justify the denial of the right to vote " , leading to the conclusion that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional . with this " the public , press and political parties quickly turned their attention to the case " , with the republican state committee of pennsylvania ( supported by their political allies ) and other prominent republicans joining . they agreed to expedite the appeal to the court of appeals for the eastern circuit . in a unanimous opinion, the court of appeals ( consisting of sloviter , greenberg and seitz ) held that there was no restriction of any fundamental rights , and held that the strict scrutiny process did not need to be applied . in the absence of this precedent , they held that the seventeenth amendment did not require special elections to fill vacancies , and thus it gave state legislatures wide discretion as to how to hold elections ; as such , the statute did not violate the constitution . in december 1991 the supreme court denied a writ of election , largely because the special election had not taken place in pennsylvania and the writ was therefore moot . = = significance = = laura e . gold , writing in the harvard law review , noted the dearth of guidance for either the supreme court or court of appeals in trinsey , with no " clear direction and no clear precedent " from either the constitutional provisions or the case law to rely on . in the absence of precedent , the court of appeals took a narrow view of the case , something she noted . under state law , primaries are required in all state elections , and in her view the holding of a primary in this case should have been held to be a violation of trinsey ' s fundamental rights . combined with the purpose of the seventeenth amendment - to require direct election - this should have led to the application of the strict scrutiny test , and the decision that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional . kevin j . gold instead argues that the test used was valenti v . rockefeller , an analogous decision on the issue of new york state election law . in valenti , the judiciary applied the " legitimate state interests " test , which involves simply looking at whether the law in question reflects the interests of the states , which under the seventeenth amendment are given wide discretion as to the electoral process they use .