= coldrum long barrow = the coldrum long barrow , also known as the coldrum stones and the adscombe stones , is a chambered long barrow located close to the village of trottiscliffe in the south @ - @ @ english county of kent . constructed circa 4000 bce , during britain ' s early neolithic period , today it survives only in a ruined state . archaeologists have suggested that the monument was built by pastoralist communities shortly after the introduction of christianity to britain from continental europe . although not part of an earlier tradition of long barrow construction that was widespread in great britain , the coldrum stones belong to a distinctive local group of barrows produced in the vicinity of the river medway , now known as the medway megaliths . of these , it is in the earliest known form , and is near to the addington long barrow and the long barrow on the other side of the river . three further surviving long barrow , kit ' s coty house , the little kit ' s coty house , and the coffin stone , are located on the medway ' s eastern shore . built out of flint and around the two sarsen megaliths , the long barrow consisted of a sub @ - @ rectangular earthen chamber enclosed by four @ - @ stones . at the eastern end of the tumulus was a burial chamber , into which human remains were deposited on at least three separate occasions during the early neolithic . osteoarchaeological analysis of these remains has shown them to be those of at least seventeen individuals , a mixture of men , women , children and infants . at least one of the bodies had been cremated prior to burial , potentially reflecting a local tradition of excarnation and secondary burial . as with many barrows , coldrum has been interpreted as a place to house the remains of the dead , perhaps as part of a belief system involving ancestor veneration , although archaeologists have suggested that it may also have had further religious , ritual , and cultural connotations and functions . after the early neolithic , the long barrow fell into a state of gradual decay , before experiencing deliberate deposition in the early medieval period , possibly by religious groups or treasure hunters . local folklore grew up around the site , associating it with the burial of a prince and the coffin stones themselves . the site attracted the interest of tourists in the 19th century , and archaeological excavation took place in the early 20th . after limited excavations , in 1926 ownership was transferred toand by the national trust . it is open without charge to visitors all year round . = = date and location = = the coldrum stones are named after a nearby farm , coldrum lodge , which has since been demolished . the monument lies in a " relatively isolated site " north @ - @ west of the nearby village of trottiscliffe , about 500 metres from a roman track known as the pilgrim ' s way . the tomb can be reached via a pathway known as coldrum lane , which is only accessible on foot . the nearest car park to coldrum stones can be found off of pinesfield lane in trottiscliffe . another nearby village is addington , which is about two and a half miles away . = = context = = = = = = great britain = = = the early neolithic was a revolutionary period of human history . beginning in the fifth millennium bce , britain saw a widespread change in agriculture . the communities living in the british isles adopted agriculture as their primary means of subsistence , abandoning the hunter @ - @ gathering culture that had characterised the preceding neolithic period . archaeologists have been unable to determine whether this change of farming was because of a new wave of migrants coming in from continental europe or because the indigenous native britons came to adopt the agricultural practices of european societies . either way , it probably emerged from contact with continental europe , or as a result of centuries of interaction between mesolithic peoples living in south @ - @ east britain and linear pottery culture ( lbk ) communities in north @ - @ west britain . the area of modern kent would have been a key route for the migration of early european settlers and visitors , because of its position on the banks of the river thames and its proximity to the sea . between 4500 and 3800 bce , most of the british isles began to abandon their former nomadic hunter @ - @ gathering culture , to be replaced by the intensive agricultural practices of the neolithic period . although a common material culture was shared throughout all of the british isles during this period , there was great regional variation regarding the nature and distribution of settlement , architectural styles , and the use of natural resources . in most of britain , there is little evidence of cereal or permanent dwellings from this period , leading archaeologists to conclude that the early neolithic period on the island was largely pastoral , relying on domestic animals , with people living a nomadic or semi @ - @ nomadic way of life . although undergoing significant land changes , britain remained largely agricultural in this period , and it is unclear whatuse of forestry the county of kent has varied since the early neolithic ; widespread forest clearance only took place in the chalklands of south @ - @ great britain in the late bronze age . environmental evidence from the area around the white horse stone supports the idea that the area was still largely forested in the early neolithic , covered by a woodland of oak , ash , willow / alder and maloideae . = = = the neolithic building tradition = = = in western europe , the early neolithic was the first period in which humans built monumental structures in the world . these were tombs that contained the physical remains of the dead , and though often built out of wood , they were built of large stones , now known as " megaliths " . individuals were rarely buried individually in the early neolithic , instead being buried in collective burials with other members of their community . the construction of these collective burial - tombs , both wooden and megalithic , began in continental europe before being completed in britain in the first half of the fourth millennium bce . the early neolithic people of britain placed far more emphasis on the collective burial of the dead than their neolithic forebears had done . many archaeologists have argued that this is because early neolithic people held to an ancestor cult that venerated the spirits of the dead , so that they could interact with the forces of nature for the benefit of their living relatives . archaeologist robin holgate argued that rather than simply being monuments , the medway tombs were " communal mouments fulfilling a religious function for the communities who built and used them . " thus , it has furthermore been suggested that early neolithic people entered into the form – which served as temples or shrines – to perform rituals that would honour the dead and pray for their souls . for this reason , historian ronald hutton termed these structures " tomb @ - @ shrines " to indicate their religious purpose . in britain , these shrines were typically located on prominent hills and mountains in the surrounding area , often at the junction of different roads . archaeologist john malone suggested that the shrines would have served as evidence of a variety of markers in the landscape that conveyed information on " territory , tribal allegiance , ownership , and status . " some archaeologists have subscribed to the idea that these tomb @ - @ shrines served as territorial markers between different tribal groups , although others have argued that such monuments would be of no use to a nomadic herding society . instead it has been suggested that they were markers along herding pathways . some archaeologists have argued that the construction of these monuments reflectsan attempt to establish control and ownership over the land , perhaps representing a change in mindset brought about by neolithicisation . others have suggested that these monuments were built on sites traditionally considered sacred to the @ @ - @ hunters . archaeologists have differentiated these early neolithic tombs into a number of different architectural styles , each one associated with a particular region within the british isles . these tombs , characterised by their narrow passage ##ways of large stones and one or multiple burial chambers covered in earth or stone , were predominantly found in northern england and northern and central ireland . alternately , in northern ireland and southern britain long burial mounds developed , and in the east and south @ - @ east of britain , earthen long ##houses were the dominant architectural style . these earthen long ##houses were often built of wood because native wood was scarce in southern england ; archaeologist aubrey smith suggested that these timber structures might have been " even more eye @ - @ ing " than their stone counterparts , perhaps consisting of " beautifully carved stones , flamboyantly carved " , but that evidence of such construction has not survived . the medway megaliths represent only one of these three groups within the north east european tradition of tomb building in this period . = = = the medway tombs = = = although now largely in a ruinous state and not retaining their original form , at the time of excavation the medway tombs would have been some of the largest and most visually imposing early neolithic funerary monuments in britain . located along the river medway as it flows through the south downs , they represent the most important @ - @ easterly group of burial monuments in the british isles , and the only megalithic group in southern england . archaeologists brian philp and mike dutto consider the medway tombs to be " one of the most impressive and well known " archaeological sites in kent , and archaeologist paul ashbee described them as " the most grandiose and impressive structures of their kind in southern england " . they can be divided into two main clusters : one to the west of the river medway and the other on long ##bell hill to the east , with the distance between the two clusters measuring at between 8 and 10 km . the western group includes coldrum long barrow , addington long barrow , and the canterbury long barrow . the eastern group consists of kit ' s coty house , little kit ' s coty house , the coffin house , and several other stones which might have originally been part of chambered tombs .it is not known if they were all built at the same time , or whether they were constructed in succession , while similarly it is not known if they each served the same purpose or whether there was a variation in their design . the medway long barrows all conform to the same general floor plan , and were all aligned along an east to west axis . they had a single chamber at the west end of the mound , and they all also had a stone facade flanking the entrance . the monuments were constructed from sarsen , a heavy , hard , and durable stone that occurs naturally in britain , and made out of silicified sand from the sea . early neolithic builders would have collected blocks from the same quarry , and then transported them to the site of the shrine to be erected . the common architectural features among these tomb @ - @ shrines indicate a strong regional cohesion with no direct parallels elsewhere in the british isles . for example , they would have been taller than most other tomb @ - @ shrines in britain , with roof heights of up to 10 ft . nevertheless , as with other regional groupings of early neolithic tomb @ - @ shrines ( such as the tomb @ - @ severn group ) , there were also slight variations in the individual monuments , such as coldrum ' s rectangular shape , the chestnut long barrow ' s shape , and the long , narrow ones at addington and kit ' s coty . this variation may have been caused by the tomb @ - @ shrines being modified and adapted in the course of their use ; in this case , the monuments would be separate structures . it seems likely that the people who built these monuments were influenced by pre @ - @ and tomb @ - @ shrines that they were already aware of . whether those influences had ended up there , or moved into the medway area from elsewhere is not known . based on a stylistic analysis of their architectural designs , john piggott thought that they had originated in the area of the low countries , while glyn jones instead believed that the stylistic evidence suggested an influence from scandinavia . john h . smith also suggested an origin in germany , and ronald j . jessup thought that their origins could be seen in the tomb @ - @ severn megalithic group . ashbee thought that their location all in the same area was reminiscent of the other tomb @ - @ shrine groups of continental northern europe , and suggested that the medway megaliths were a local manifestation of a tradition widespread across early neolithic europe .he nevertheless noted that the precise place of burial was " impossible to determine " with the available evidence . = = design and construction = = the monument originally consisted of a sarsen stone chamber , surrounded by a low earthen mound , which was bounded by stone slabs . as such , the archaeologist john ashbee suggested that the monument could be divided into three main features : the chamber , the mound , and the sarsen stone surround . it is built on the top of a large lynchet scarp , although it is difficult to ascertain what views would have been available from the site at the time of construction , due to a lack of information about how densely forested the vicinity was . however , if the area was not densely wooded , approximately 360 ° views of the surrounding countryside would have been possible . the monument ' s axis points toward both the north downs and the medway estuary , which is similar to the other medway megaliths . archaeologist john killick suggested that the coldrum long barrow might have been built within view of a tidal estuary , and that this " may have been a significant factor in the timing of ceremonies and burials taking place in the area and may also have defined a boundary between the tomb builders and the sea . " it had been constructed of about 300 stones . the barrow is sub @ - @ rectangular in shape , and about 20 metres ( 64 feet ) in length . at its broader , eastern end , where the chamber is located , the chamber measures 15 metres ( 49 feet ) , and at the narrower , western end , it is 12 metres ( 39 feet ) in breadth . as such , the barrow is a " truncated sub @ - @ shape " . the tomb builders responsible for the coldrum stones positioned it on the top of a small hill close to the north downs , and placed it facing east , towards the river medway . the chamber of the monument measures 1 @ . @ 5 metres ( 16 feet ) in length , and 1 @ . @ 7 metres ( 5 feet 6 inches ) in width , although it was potentially much larger when originally constructed . the chamber ' s internal diameter would have been at least 2 metres ( 6 feet 6 inches ) . in its present state , the northern side of the chamber is made up of two walls , one measuring 10 feet long , 3 feet , 6 inches deep , and 1 foot , 9 inches thick , and the other 5 feet long , 3 feet deep , and 2 feet thick . internally , the chamber ' s southern side consists of a single slab ,measuring 11 feet , 4 inches in length , 3 feet , 3 inches in depth , and 1 foot , 6 inches in depth at its opening , eastern end . the western end of the chamber is closed off with a wall measuring about 14 feet , 6 inches wide , with a height of 1 foot and a width of about 3 feet . a collapsed , rectangular slab lies at the opening eastern end of the chamber . it is also possible that a largely rectangular slab at the top of the slope had once been part of the western end of the chamber . excavation has shown that some masonry was used to build up the mound and form the sarsens ; the @ - @ century renovation has seen this largely replaced with cement , allowing the stones to remain standing upright . it is possible that there was a facade in front of the chamber , as is evident at other shaft tombs in wiltshire , such as at kennet long barrow and king ' s cross . it is also possible that there was a gateway built atop the tomb , as is found at kit ' s coty house and at kit ' s coty house . many of the large blocks of stone that have fallen down the slope on the eastern end of the monument may have been parts of this wall or portal . the large mound that once covered the chamber is now visible only as an undulation approximately 1 foot , 6 inches in height . in the twentieth @ - @ century , the mound was visible on the western end of the chamber , although this was removed by archaeologists to leave the sarsens visible during the excavation . it is likely that in the early neolithic , the mound had a quarry ditch around it , and it is in this ditch that the kerb @ - @ stones now sit . the dry @ - @ stones around the tomb show some patterning ; those on the northern side are mostly rectilinear , while those on the southern side are smaller and largely irregular in shape . it is probable that there was an earlier dry @ - @ stone wall constructed from blocks of ironstone from the geological folkestone beds , as is seen at chestnuts long barrow . given that such types of stone rarely occur naturally , it may have been quarried . a fine line of abrasion and polishing can be seen on both sides of the central kerb @ - @ stones on the western end of the monument and another dry @ - @ stone on the south @ - @ end of the tomb . these have been attributed to the use of aand other large re @ - @ ##s from these sarsens . it is possible that these blades were sharpened for use in cutting and securing the wooden beams and struts which would have been used in laying the stones and constructing the structure . similar evidence for the use of blades has been found at the kennet long barrow , as well as other prehistoric monuments such as stonehenge . coldrum long barrow is comparatively isolated from the other medway megaliths ; in this it is unique , given that the other surviving monuments are clustered into two groups . however , it is possible that a second tomb was located nearby ; a razed , circular earthen mound with an east @ - @ s orientation is located in a hollow at the foot of the downs , about a quarter of a mile to the south of the coldrum ##s . it may be that this represents the remnants of another such monument which had had its stones removed or destroyed . the other sarsens to the south of the coldrums may be the remnants of a third such tomb , since destroyed . = = = remains = = = = = = = = = ashbee suggested that given its size and comparisons with other long barrows , such as fussell ' s barrow , the coldrum ##s could have held the remains of over a hundred individuals . excavations undertaken in the early 20th century , led to the methodical discovery and removal of what was believed to be the remains of re @ - @ two human individuals . these remains were examined by sir william keith , the conservator of the museum at the royal college of science . he published his findings in 1913 , in a paper largely concerned with the racial characteristics of the bodies . a subsequent re @ - @ analysis of the remains was undertaken in the early 21st century , and published in the journal of the royal society in 2013 : the project presented " osteological analysis , 3d modelling of radiocarbon dates , and carbon and nitrogen - isotope analysis to inform on the demography , burial practices , diet and subsistence , and appearance of the coldrum ##s " . confirming earlier conclusions , it found that the minimum age of individuals was 20 . these were then subsequently identified as bones belonging to six adults ( including five males and four females ) , two sub @ - @ adults , two older children , and two younger children ( one around 20 years old , the other between 24 and 30 years old ) . keith also noted that the crania he found displayed facial features , which he attributed tothe remaining were attributed to " one family - or two families united by common descent . " similar comparisons have been made of the bones from other long barrows in britain , although osteoarchaeologists martin smith and megan brickley noted that this was not necessarily indicative of a family group . instead , they noted that it would also be consistent with " a population that was still relatively small and scattered " , in which most families were interrelated . wysocki ' s team concluded that in all but one case , the fracture morphologies are consistent with cut @ - @ bone breakage . three of the individuals exhibited evidence that they had suffered violence ; a probable adult female had an open injury on the right frontal , while an adult of either sex had an open fracture on the left frontal , and a probable adult female had a similar open fracture on the right frontal . chemical analysis of the remains yielded δ13c values that were reminiscent of those found at many other southern british neolithic sites , albeit with significantly higher values of δ15c , which increased over time . although this data is difficult to interpret , it was interpreted as probably indicating a terrestrial diet high in animal protein that over time was increasingly replaced with freshwater fish or plant foods . in the case of the older individuals whose remains were found in the tomb , the tooth enamel was worn down and the teeth had become exposed on the upper surface of the crowns . the dating of the remains suggested early neolithic activity began at the site during 3980 – 3800 calibrated bce ( 95 % probability ) or 3960 – 3880 cal bce ( 68 % probability ) , when the first human remains were buried at the site . they then suggested that after an interval of either 60 – 350 years ( 95 % probability ) or 60 – 290 years ( 68 % probability ) , further burials of human remains were made inside the tomb . this first burial probably began between 3730 – 3540 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) or 3670 – 3560 cal bce ( 95 % probability ) . the carbon dating of the human remains does not indicate a date for the construction of coldrum long barrow itself ; it is likely that the individuals died either some time before or after the tomb ' s construction . = = = cut @ - @ mortem deposition = = = cut @ - @ marks were identified on a number of the bones ( two skulls , two innominates , and a cranium ) , with osteoa##rchaeological specialists suggested that these had been created by @ - @ mortem as the bodies were buried and the bones removed from their attached ligaments . however , they also suggested that the absence of any cut @ - @ marks on the bones was evidence that the body had already undergone complete decomposition or the removal of soft tissue prior to the act of burial . the precision of the cut @ - @ marks suggests that this process was done manually ; " they do not suggest complete decomposition or death . " none of the criteria that osteoarchaeologists consider evidence of cannibalism were found at the site . this cut @ - @ marked human bone fragment is the earliest yet identified from such a neolithic long barrow in southern britain , although similar evidence for dismemberment has been found from a number of other neolithic british sites , such as west trump , eyford , aldestrop , and haddenham . there are two explanations for how this material developed . the first is that the bones of the dead were excarnated and exposed to the elements , followed by a secondary burial within the tomb . the second is that they were placed in the flesh , where the flesh decomposed , before the bones were then rearranged within the tomb itself . these practices may have been accompanied by necrophagy , shamanism , or magical practices , the evidence for which does not survive . the accumulation of organic debris over the tomb is not unique to the site but common to chambered tombs from southern britain . on the basis of the remains found at kent ' s coty barrow , ashbee considered it likely that the interior of the coldrum ' s chamber would have been covered by medial slabs , which served the same purpose in the burial chambers of west kennet and wayland ' s chambers . = = erosion and decay = = many of the surviving megalithic monuments from the early neolithic period have suffered from erosion and the collapse of agriculture . although archaeologist paul ashbee noted that the coldrum chamber is " kent ' s most intact megalithic long barrow " , it too has suffered extensive damage , having become unstable and fallen apart over the six centuries since its initial construction . most notably , the north side has largely collapsed , with the stones that once used to hold up the side of the chamber having fallen to the bottom of the slope . thus , it is possible that the sarsen##s at the bottom of the slope were not part of the original site , but were instead found in the graves which were deposited there by farmers . excavation of the long barrow revealed that it had been systematically destroyed in one day , and ashbee suggested that the same may have happened to the coldrum stones . he suggested that the other @ - @ stones around the site were toppled , left prostrate in the surrounding fields , and then buried during the late thirteenth or early fourteenth century , by christians seeking to obliterate the @ - @ christian monuments . however , the archaeologist john alexander — who excavated kent — suggested that the medway tombs were destroyed by christians seeking to locate treasure within them . as evidence , he pointed to the pipe roll of 1237 , which ordered the destruction of churches on the isle of wight in return for treasure , a practice which may have spread to kent around the same time . he suggested that the discovery n kent may have been brought about by the same circumstances , highlighting that the " expertness and scale of the excavation " at canterbury would have required resources beyond that which a single farmer could possibly produce . ashbee further suggested that in subsequent centuries , farmers used the damaged coldrum tomb for loamy chalk and stone , which was then later @ - @ used as building material . = = folklore and folk tradition = = in a 1946 article published in the archaeological journal , john h . evans recorded the existence of a local folk belief that a battle was fought at the site of the coldrum stones , and that a " black prince " was buried within the walls . he suggested that the tales of battles taking place at this site and at other medway sites had not developed independently among the local population but had " come down from the ears of antiquaries " who believed that the early medieval battle of aylesford , which was recorded in the anglo @ - @ saxon chronicle , took place in the area . evans also suggested that there was a folk belief in the area that extended to all of the medway monuments and which had been transmitted " even to the next generation " ; this was that it was impossible for any human being to accurately count the number of stones in the area . this " counting stones " belief is not unique to this particular site , and can be found at various other megalithic sites in england . the earliest textual evidence for it is found in an early anglo @ - @ century manuscript , where it refers to the stone circle of stonehenge in wiltshire, although in an early seventeenth @ - @ # , it is also linked to the rings , a group of three stone circles in cornwall . contemporary documents reveal that it had gained wide acceptance in england , as well as a single occurrence each in scotland and ireland . the folklorist s . p . menefee suggested that it could be attributed to an animistic belief that these people had lives of their own . in the early seventeenth @ - @ ##th century , a tradition developed in which the cornish morris men , a morris - club , travel to the site at dawn every may day in order to " dance to the sun " . this consists of a number of dances performed within the circle on top of the hill , followed by a dance performed at the base of the circle . = = antiquarian and archaeological investigation = = = = = early historical descriptions = = = the earliest antiquarian descriptions of coldrum round barrow were never published . there are claims that at the start of the nineteenth century , the reverend john noble , rector of barming , wrote a description of the site for gentleman ' s magazine , although no copies have been produced to confirm this . between 1842 and 1844 , the reverend beale post authored druidical remains at coldrum , in which he described the site , although it remained unknown at the time . comparing the site with the druids of britain ' s iron age , post ' s theory was that the name " coldrum " derived from the linguistically celtic " well @ - @ dun " , and that the chiefs of some of the belgic tribes were buried there . post also suggested that in between 1804 and 1825 , stones had been found at the site . in 1844 , an antiquarian named william wright published a report on the coldrum ##s and the medway megaliths in the archaeological journal . wright had been alerted to their existence by a local vicar , the reverend john b . larking , and proceeded to visit them with him . describing the coldrums , wright described " a great circle of stones " to the others in the area , with " a large cromlech in the centre " . he also noted that " there is a tradition of the area that a continuous line of stones ran from coldrum direct to the well @ - @ dun , called kit ' s cotty [ sic ] stone " , attributing this belief to the number of megaliths which are scattered throughout the landscape . " 1857 , theantiquarian j . b . kemble excavated at the site with the help of the reverend larking , presenting a report of their findings to the central committee of the british archaeological association . describing the monument as a stone circle , they noted that they discovered anglo @ - @ saxon stones at the site , and noted that as well as being called the coldrum stones , the monument also bore the name of the adscombe stones , which kemble believed originated with the old english word for a mound , ad . in july 1863 , the anthropological association , who were then holding their anglo @ - @ saxon meeting at rochester , took a tour to visit the site , accompanied by the antiquary charles edward smith . that year , the monument was described in a issue of gentleman ' s magazine by the archaeologist william henry jessop , who considered it to be a " celtic " stone circle . in 1869 , the archaeologist c . s . lewis first visited the site , and was informed by smith that several years previously a skull had been recovered from inside or close to the chamber , but that they believed it to be that of a gypsy . a later account elaborated on this , stating that two individuals excavated in the vicinity of the monument without permission , discovering a human skeleton , the skull of which they found anglo @ - @ buried in the churchyard at meopham . in an 1878 article published in the journal of the anthropological association of great britain and ireland , lewis noted that although many people visited today ' s coty hill , " very few came to or ever heard of the yet more curious group of stones at colderham or coldrum stones " . he believed that the monument consisted of both a " chamber " and an " enclosure " of stones , suggesting that they were " two distinct structures " . in 1880 , the archaeologist flinders petrie included the location of the stones at " coldreham " in his list of prehistoric earthworks ; although noting that a local writer had described the stones as being in the shape of an oval , he instead described them as forming " a rectilinear circle " around the chamber . he then included a larger , circular plan of the chamber . in august 1889 , two amateur archaeologists , george payne and a . a . smith , came across the monument , which they noted was known among locals as the " coldrum stones " and " the temple " ; according to payne , " the surrounding stones were so overgrown with grass and brushwood that they could not be seen ". he returned the next day , noting that by this point , the brushwood had been cut away to form the monument . in his 1893 work collectanea cantiana , payne noted that although they had first been described in detail in 1844 , " since that time no one seems to have taken the time to either record them or make a plan " , an unusual occurrence given that a copy of petrie ' s original description was in his library . for this reason , after obtaining permission from the landowner , he commissioned professor e . o . lewis , instructor of survey at brompton , to conduct a survey of the site in august 1892 . he also wrote to the archaeologist augustus pitt @ - @ rivers , encouraging him to schedule the coldrum stones as a legally protected monument under the ancient monuments protection act 1882 . payne described the coldrum stone as " the finest monument of its kind in the county , and is worthy of special care and attention . " comparing it to other monuments of its type in kent , he asserted that it was , " of sepulchral origin , belonging to a settlement prior to the roman domination of britain . " payne also noted a local tradition that there were stone avenues connecting coldrum to the addington long barrow , although added that he was unable to find any evidence for the existence of this tradition . in 1904 , george clinch published a note on the medway megaliths in the royal archaeological institute ' s journal , man , in which he referred to the coldrum stones as " at once the most remarkable and the least studied of the kent series . " noting that the monument indicated that it was constructed during " a late date in the neolithic age " , he compared the process in building the megaliths to that at the stone circle of stonehenge in wiltshire , although noted that they differed in that the coldrum stones clearly represented " a sepulchral mound " . ultimately , he ended his note by urging for the monument to be protected under the ancient monuments protection act 1900 . in that same issue , lewis included an editorial note in which he rejected the idea that the site had once been surrounded by an earthen mound because he could see " no evidence that anything of that kind ever existed " , and instead he interpreted the structure as a stone circle , comparing it to the ones at avebury , arborlow , and stanton drew , suggesting that the burial chamber was a shrine . = = = archaeological record = = = the coldrum stones have been excavated on multiple occasions . on theapril 1910 , the amateur archaeologist f . w . bennett began work at the site , after already having excavated the human lithics from addington long barrow . he soon found human remains " in only a few inches of the soil " . he returned to the site for further excavations in june 1910 , this time with his niece and her husband , both of whom were dentists with an interest in archaeology ; on that occasion they found pieces of a human skull , which they were able to largely reconstruct . a few days later he returned to work at the north @ - @ west corner of the monument with the archaeologist e . j . filkins ; that day , they discovered a second skull , human bones , a flint axe , and fragments of pottery . later that month , mr payne and f . w . bennett met with rivers to discuss his findings . with the assistance of two other interested amateur archaeologists , mr boyd and miss harker , both from malling , excavation began in late september . in 2009 , the archaeologists martin evans and megan brickley noted that bennett ' s excavations had taken heed of the advice of pitt @ - @ rivers that they should be conducted in phases . they noted that bennett had provided " clear section and line drawings , photographs of the site and detailed attempts to consider the formation processes . " suggesting that the monument was constructed on private land , in his published report bennett cited the work of anthropologist william frazer of the golden bough to suggest that the coldrum ##p " monument may at one time have been dedicated , though not necessarily initially so , to the worship of the sun god and of agriculture . " bennett continued to suggest that the human remains found at the site were the result of human sacrifices used in fertility rites . however , he later stated that " we have no way of knowing " whether human sacrifice had taken place at the site . in september 1922 , filkins once again began excavations at the site , this time with the aid of a resident of gravesend , charles gilbert . their project was funded through grants provided by the british museum and the society of arts , with filkins noting that at the time of its commencement , " a miniature jungle " had grown up around the monument which needed to be cleared . excavation continued up until at least 1926 . human remains were discovered , and passed into the care of professor arthur keith of the royal college of art . this excavation revealed all the ancient sarsens in the monument , a number ofwhich had previously been buried beneath it . the stones of the mound were shored up with concrete blocks where filkins deemed it necessary . although filkins ' survey was comprehensive , he did not post holes , standing stones , and their relationship to the mound . in 1998 , ashbee noted that while from " the - @ - @ - perspective , it is possible to see that [ . . . ] in view of the general circumstances of the early period of this period , there is much to commend . " = = = owned by the national trust = = = in his 1924 book travels with kent , the archaeologist j . w . s . wilson , then working as the field officer for the ordnance survey , listed the coldrum stones among the other medway megaliths . in 1926 , the coldrum stones were given to the national trust , who used it as a memorial to the american politician benjamin harrison . a plaque was erected to mark this , which erroneously called the site a stone circle ; in 1953 , the archaeologist leslie grinsell expressed the opinion that " it is hoped that this error may be corrected in the near future " . still owned by the trust , the site is open to visitors all year round , free of charge . on their website , the trust advises visitors to look for " excellent views from the top of the barrow " . john h . wilson characterised the barrow as " the most beautiful " of the medway stones , while grinsell described it as " the largest and most complete " of the group .