= wrapped in red = wrapped in red is the sixth studio album by american recording artist kelly clarkson , released on october 11 , 2013 , by rca records . the album is a follow @ - @ up to her first greatest hits album , greatest hits – chapter one , and its companion extended play , the smoakstack collection vol . 2 . produced by greg kurstin , it is her first christmas album and her first album to be solely released by rca . wrapped in red consists of sixteen tracks , featuring eleven co @ - @ produced original songs and six cover versions of pop standards and songs , all of which are duets with recording artists ronnie dunn , reba mcentire and trisha yearwood . weary of not being asked for her primary material , clarkson and long @ - @ desired to record a christmas album as a way to defy genre boundaries . she commissioned kurstin , who had studied jazz piano under the tutelage of jaki byard , to produce the new album . drawing inspiration from the soundtrack to the animated films charlie brown christmas and white christmas , as well as the christmas albums by mariah carey , mcentire , and phil spector , they experimented with various styles and sounds using spector ' s famed wall of sound technique to help create a unique holiday theme to it . the pop sound of wrapped in red incorporates a variety of the genres such pop , rock , country , and gospel , marking a departure from the pop rock sound established from her previous studio albums ; and its songs explore a recurring theme of the color red , which represents a plethora of emotions during the year . wrapped in red debuted on the billboard 200 chart at number 3 and topped the billboard top holiday albums chart with 70 @ , @ 000 copies sold in its first week of release . for three consecutive weeks , wrapped in red stayed on the top ten of the chart and was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america and music canada . by the end of 2013 , it became the year ' s best @ - @ selling christmas release in the united states and the second best @ - @ selling christmas release in canada . the lead single " underneath the tree " became an international top forty christmas hit song and was canada ' s best @ - @ played new christmas song of 2013 . while promoting wrapped in red , she appeared in red clothing on several televised programs ; and in an accompanying television special , kelly clarkson ' s a christmas music tale , at the venetian las vegas , which premiered on nbc on december 8 , 2013 .in 2014 , clarkson released the title track as the second single and held her annual christmas benefit concert , christmas on earth , at the bridgestone arena on december 31 , 2014 . = = background = = clarkson had expressed interest in recording a new album for christmas , having performed various christmas songs such as " oh holy night " and " my grown up christmas , " on the american idol : the great american classics ( 2003 ) , " i ' ll be home for christmas " on itunes store ( 2011 ) , and was featured on blake shelton ' s christmas album baby , it ' s christmas ( 2012 ) . instead of constantly being asked for her favorite genre , she felt that recording a christmas album would also be a way for her to explore other musical genres . she said , " i always get asked what genre i ' m in : ' is this country or pop or rock ? what are you ? ' and what ' s great about making the christmas album was , ' well , there are no limitations ! we can do whatever we want ! ' " . she further added , " the thing about christmas is that it almost doesn ' t matter what mood you ' re in or what kind of a year you ' ve had — it ' s a fresh start . i ' m trying to clear the air and take all of the stuff that ' s coming . " discussions about recording her sixth studio album being a christmas album began in december 2012 , a month after releasing her first greatest hits album , greatest hits – volume one . having taken the time to do so , clarkson commissioned producer and multi @ - @ collaborator greg kurstin , whom she had previously worked with on her albums christmas and chapter one , to help produce the whole album . despite having been raised in a jewish household and unfamiliar with christmas music , kurstin readily agreed to produce the project . as a result , the record marked the second time her studio album has had a single producer ( the first being david kahne solely producing my christmas in 2007 ) . it also marked the fourth time kurstin had solely produced an entire studio album apart from being a member of the musical groups the bird and the bee and geggy tah ( the other three being lily allen ' s it ' s not me , it ' s you in 2009 , sia ' s we are born in 2010 , and the shins ' port of call in 2012 ) . = = recording = = recording all of the basic vocal tracks for wrapped in red took place at kurstin ' s echo studio in los angelesthe orchestral tracks were recorded at eastwest studios in hollywood and featured tracks recorded at the barn studio in nashville . in recording songs for the album , clarkson and kurstin wanted to combine as many musical styles as they could , experimenting in various instruments and styles to create new , contemporary alternatives to classic @ - @ love songs . he recalled , " it was a lot of fun for us because we wanted to go back to our roots . when she started singing , it was like she had the power and had been able to do anything . " , adding , " we really did . it was so much fun and liberating . and it pays off . " kurstin , who studied with jazz musician jaki byard at the new school for jazz and contemporary music , enlisted various jazz and blues musicians such as david gadson , kevin dukes , roy mccurdy , and bill withers to perform on the album to resonate a contemporary soul sound . i also worked with joseph trapanese to arrange and conduct a chamber orchestra . in providing instrumentation for the record , kurstin used all of his instruments such as a mellotron and a chamberlin , playing them from a distance to create the wall of sound , a recording technique originally developed by phil spector that was popular in the late 1970s . he asked clarkson to provide all the background vocals herself . clarkson , who grew up singing in a chorus , was pleased with the result ; saying , " blending is something i knew how to do from childhood . sometimes i ' d like to be an alto instead of a soprano because they have a different voice . and i ' ve never had to do anything like this , — doing all my backup vocals , essentially being my own voice . " together , they began to record in early 2013 and continued through the summer of that year , beginning by recording " white christmas " with clarkson in the recording studio and with kurstin playing a piano . she said , " the music is about him . i would be just like ' hey , can we make this more jazz ? hey , can we make this more bluesy . and he just , like harry nilsson , made this music . it ' s just him . " = = composition = = = = = theme and influences = = = clarkson has cited the color red as the album ' s primary inspiration . a color traditionally associated with christmas , she affiliated the color to her emotions in the song . unwilling to stray far from her usual pop sound , she was wrapped in red ' s symbolism as aand to explore different genres such as pop , country and neo soul . she said , " what ' s cool about christmas albums is you can do country , rock and roll , you can do pop , you can do blues , and you can do all that . and it is — . it ' s a classic and it ' s christmasy too . " she also noted that the album ' s combination of influences also contributed to her musical style , saying , " my best friend from college loved me and said , ' this is what you sound like , before everything else . ' and i think , that ' s my musical goal . back in the day , when i started out with things like " fall to pieces " and " bridge over troubled water " , those songs transcended genres . it wasn ' t , ' where is it going to be ? ' you catered to whatever the music was for . and that ' s exactly what i wanted — without having to be an umbrella for everything . " in gathering inspiration for wrapped in red , clarkson began by listening to bing crosby ' s and rosemary clooney ' s songs from the 1954 feature film white christmas as well as mariah carey ' s white christmas ( 1994 ) and merry christmas to you ( 1997 ) by reba mcentire . while kurstin , who used to play in a rock band , took influences from a charlie brown christmas by the vince guaraldi quartet and a christmas song for you by phil spector as his influences , which contributed to the album ' s wall of sound resonance . clarkson also cited that her relationship with her co @ - @ , brandon blackstock also influenced some of the album ' s lyrical content . = = = song analysis = = = clarkson received writing credits on all the 12 songs on wrapped in red , most of which were written in late 2012 to avoid writing christmas songs during the 2013 holiday season . she co @ - @ wrote the first and the second track , " wrapped in red " , with ashley arrison , aben eubanks , and shane mcanally . a love song , the song was inspired by a scene in the holiday feature film love actually ( 2003 ) , in which everyone expresses their love towards her . clarkson singled out the song the one that resonates the wall of sound the most . the second track , " underneath the snow " , was written by clarkson and kurstin , making it the first time they had co @ - @ written a song together . clarkson remarked ," greg and i have done a lot together , but usually i just come home and we just talk . we ' ve never really really written a song together at this point . and he and i were like , ' let ' s just try to write something for the record . " rca records chief executive peter edge remarked that its release as a single was partly inspired by the success of " all i want for christmas is you " by carey . the sixth track is a rendition of the holiday song " have yourself a merry little christmas " , which clarkson had selected for its original lyrics . clarkson named " run run rudolph " as her christmas classic , saying " just because it got to be a little more rock and roll . " she also remarked that " please come home for christmas ( bells will be ringing ) " , was the second song chosen for inclusion following her father ' s death and the song ' s melancholic lyrics . written by clarkson and eubanks , " every christmas " , was the third song to be recorded for the album . she revealed that the song narrates of her holiday life prior to meeting blackstock , mcentire ' s stepson , saying " every christmas , i was just like , ' this is going to be great , right ? i ' m going to go meet someone and not be stuck here for the rest of my life ? ' " . the seventh track is a cover of elvis presley ' s " white christmas " . " straight @ - @ up , a rendition of " baby , it ' s cold outside " , features ronnie dunn . clarkson had approached dunn thinking that his personality suited the song ' s lyrics better , saying " well , it ' s straight @ - @ up his personality to say all of that to try and get you to stay , and have a drink . " " christmas dreams ( brandon ' s song ) " was written by clarkson , arrison , and eubanks as a companion piece to " every christmas " . according to blackstock , the song accounts her holiday after meeting him . she said , " it changes , it morphs , it comes to life a little more … it ’ s just a happier time . " the tenth track , " happy christmas " , was the final song to be recorded for believe in presents . a cover of rodgers and hammerstein ' s " my favorite things " came along with the eleventh track . clarkson asked for the live performance of the song to move away from julie london ' s performance , saying " i think youshouldn ' t think near anywhere of what she ' s doing because she ' s so good . " clarkson and kurstin of @ - @ wrote " 4 carats " with cathy dennis and livvi franc . originally considered a pop song , they converted it into a christmas song to fit the album ' s theme , describing it as a crossover between eartha kitt ' s " christmas carol " ( 1953 ) and madonna ' s " material girl " ( 1984 ) . the cover of imogen heap ' s " just for now " was described by clarkson as her own dysfunctional family , saying " can we just stop for about five minutes and be just a normal christmas song ? " the song begins by sampling the melody of the christmas carol " carol of the bells " . the second track , a cover of the traditional carol " silent night " , features mcentire and trisha yearwood and is in an a capella setting between the two . in addition , two tracks were also included in the deluxe edition of the album : the first , clarkson ' s cover of " i ' ll be home for christmas " from itunes session ; and the second , her rendition of the first stanza of the christmas carol " oh come , oh come emmanuel " . = = = = = wrapped in red was first released internationally on october 25 , 2013 by rca records through sony music entertainment . it later received a north american release on october 29 , 2013 by rca as part of a christmas marketing campaign with the soundtracks to the 2013 films black nativity and the odd man out , with wrapped in red being promulgated as the one that will change formats and be a new christmas classic . in an interview with billboard , rca creative director matt davis stated that the album was their main celebration of the holidays , saying " the angle of this album is that , like all great christmas records , it ' s about amazing vocal performances . that ' s what this is going to be @ - @ every album released this year but timeless and still @ - @ unique . " in preparation for its release in the united states , rca handed out free @ - @ digital copies on amazon . com and target , which also released a deluxe edition . a red vinyl edition of wrapped in red by united states pressing followed the digital release on november 1 , 2013 , marking the first time an album by clarkson was released on a vinyl record . a deluxe lp and cd edition was also released on the sony music label which included a scarf , a christmas ornament , and a santaglobe , all of which were dressed in red clothing inspired from the album . a international promotion campaign was also planned for clarkson , but was later cancelled during her pregnancy . on october 9 , 2014 , wrapped in red was released by rca with a limited edition cd + dvd release exclusive to walmart stores in the united states . the vinyl lp pressing of the album will also have a limited edition @ - @ copy release on november 9 , 2014 . = = = = = = = on october 15 , 2013 , " blue christmas " was released as a promotional single from wrapped in red . three days after , " underneath the tree " premiered on clarkson ' s vevo channel . a second christmas special , titled kelly clarkson ' s cautionary christmas music tale , was filmed by film director hamish hamilton on october 15 , 2013 , the day after the street party , at the venetian las vegas . a parody of a christmas carol , the television special featured live performances of selections from wrapped in red ( one of which featured mcentire and yearwood ) . produced by done and recorded , cautionary christmas music tale premiered on nbc in the united states and global in canada on december 11 , 2013 , being used by rca as the album ' s primary promotional medium . nbc ' s premiere broadcast of the special was seen by 3 @ . @ 54 million viewers , according to nielsen media research . it also received a 1 @ . @ 54 share among adults between the ages of 18 to 49 , giving nbc ’ the second most television in its time slot . nbc aired for a second broadcast of the christmas music tale on christmas day , which was seen by an additional 3 @ . @ 54 million viewers . clarkson had also promoted wrapped in red at several televised events , all of which she attended dressed in red clothing . she also performed " underneath the tree " on the the today show on november 26 , 2013 . on december 2 , 2013 , she performed " run run rudolph " and " blue christmas " on the christmas at rockefeller center television special . clarkson has also performed " underneath the tree " on more televised events : such as on the fifth season of the the voice on december 4 , 2013 , the ellen degeneres show on december 6 , 2013 , and on late night with jimmy fallon on december 12 , 2013 . on december 25 , 2013 , clarkson returned to the today show on its christmas day broadcast , performing " blue christmas " . several tracks from the album were also used in advertisements , such as " run run rudolph " , which was used in the bel##k holiday songs , and " underneath the tree " , which was featured in the amazon . com and amazon on fire hdx advertisement with an appearance by clarkson singing the song . on december 20 , 2014 , she will host a christmas concert , miracle on broadway , at the bridgestone arena . the upcoming charity benefit concert , miracle on broadway , will feature live performances of classic christmas songs by mcentire , yearwood , garth brooks , ronnie dunn , kacey musgraves , hayley williams , charles esten , and meghan trainor , all of whom will also join clarkson in performing selections from wrapped in red . wrapped in red ' s lead single , " underneath the tree " , was serviced to radio airplay on november 23 , 2013 . immediately upon its initial release , music critics positively compared the song to " all i want for christmas is you " and blazoned it as a future christmas standard . writing for slant magazine , sal cinquemani wrote that it is likely to become clarkson ' s very own contemporary standard ; while the independent ' s hugh laurie applauded it as " a classic on all fronts . " after debuting on the billboard hot 100 chart at number 34 , it became holiday top ten hit , peaking at number eight on the chart . it also topped the billboard adult contemporary chart for three consecutive weeks , becoming clarkson ' s fifth single and the fifteenth holiday song to top the chart . " underneath the tree " also debuted on the us billboard hot 100 chart at number seventy @ - @ , and became a top ten hit internationally : on the official canadian hot 100 chart , the dutch top 40 chart , and the official uk singles chart . usa today reported that " underneath the tree " was american idol ' s most @ - @ eight favorite holiday song of 2013 , while edison media research reported that the song was the first holiday song to receive a strong response from mainstream contemporary hit radio in over 20 years . wrapped in red ' s second single , the title track , was serviced to radio airplay on november 25 , 2014 . on the week ending december 28 , 2014 , it debuted on the billboard adult contemporary chart at number one on the week ending december 13 , 2014 . = = reception = = = = = = = = = = at metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , the album received an average score of 73 , based on 10 reviews , and is higher than any previous album by clarkson . allmusic ' s senior editor stephen thomas erlewine gave it athree @ - @ and @ - @ a @ - @ - hour . he described its uptempo tracks , as well as clarkson ' s vocal performance , as " bright and brassy " and its mid @ - @ tempo tracks as " even more exciting " . he also noted the song selection " favors the bold , " but that " she fares well in this setting , not sounding like the weak element in the mix " towards the end of his review , he wrote that " both the concept and execution are conventional , but even in this somewhat predictable setting , clarkson retains her unique , individual spirit , and that ' s what makes wrapped in red appealing : to the letter , it delivers what it delivers . " sal cinquemani of slant magazine also gave it a positive rating . he noted that the album " largely offers a respite from the pop @ - @ pop template she ' s been relentlessly pursuing since breakaway , with less shouting and more of the varied range and texture on her voice that helped make her the winner of the inaugural season of american idol . for better or worse , a decade of recording and touring has roughed out the quality of her voice , creating a light @ - @ pop sound that imbues lyrics of love and longing with an authenticity that would have otherwise been lacking had she recorded these songs just a few years ago . " npr ' s ken tucker described the album as a " glossy but predictable debut " and favorably compared its musical philosophy to nick lowe ' s main street : a christmas album for all the kids , both of which he described as " will put you in a good mood " . matt casarino of popmatters gave the album a more favorable review , claiming that " clarkson plays it cool and spends too much time showing off her upper range , but wrapped in red is a warm and romantic addition to the christmas pop canon , " and " wrapped in red doesn ’ t do that ; it ’ is just dynamic and fresh enough to be satisfying , and it ’ is three @ - @ years older than most of the whitewashed pop crap simon cowell has unleashed on the world " . sarah rodman of the boston globe gave a positive review , particularly lauding " under the tree " , and praised clarkson ' s all the christmas songs as " pretty straight " . she wrote , " she starts gently with " have yourself a merry little christmas " , belting out the money notes . she ambles assuredly through the fan favorite " please come homefor you ( bells will be ringing ) " and hangs by the piano for a torchy “ white christmas . " newsday ' s music critic glenn gamboa wrote that " clarkson does it very expertly — hitting the high notes on " have yourself a merry little christmas " and swinging jazzily on " when it ' s cold outside " with dunn . the new songs make wrapped in red a real gift , as the title track and " underneath the tree " recall the phil spector christmas albums ; and " christmas wishes " perfectly recalls " christmas " and " christmas wishes " . reviewing for hitfix , melinda newman gave the album an " a " grade , praising clarkson ' s vocal performances and noting that she and kurstin " have clearly overcome legendary holiday albums of late — , phil spector ' s a christmas song for you and andy williams ' merry christmas — to successfully create classic albums , as well as craft new ones in the wake of those sets . " chris klimek of slate declared wrapped in red as the best of 2013 ' s contemporary holiday albums , noting for its contemporary sound . he also noted that the three christmas tracks , most notably " wrapped in red " and " underneath the tree " , have good chances of remaining in the holiday rotation ten years from now . in his review for the new york times , jon caramanica wrote that clarkson is " likely the only singer working in 2013 with a real chance of creating a modern holiday song along the lines of carey ' s " all i want for christmas is you . " and remarked that her vocals on the songs , though different , are " also faithful in the way that anyone mindful of pop music would expect . " = = = chart position = = = wrapped in red became a commercial success in the united states . prior to its release , music critics association predicted that the album would likely sell at least 100 @ , @ 000 copies in its first week of release in the region , and predicted it to be the top @ - @ runner as the bestselling holiday release of the season . for the week ending november 10 , 2013 , it debuted on the billboard 200 chart at number 3 with 100 @ , @ 000 copies sold from all retailers , a 93 @ , @ 000 decrease from it ' s first week sales of 163 @ , @ 000 copies in 2011 . canadian music analyst dave bakula attributed its poor performance to the falling market share of the holiday market in canada , which saw 100 @ . @ 8 % decreasein 2012 . the album ' s successful debut on the billboard 200 gave clarkson her sixth consecutive top ten studio album as well as the highest debut for a christmas record by a female artist since susan boyle ' s first christmas album the gift debuted at the top of the chart in 2010 . wrapped in red also debuted three other billboard charts , most notably at the top of the billboard top holiday albums chart . for the week ending november 30 , 2013 , while charting at number six on the billboard 200 , the album became the lone sony release in the chart ' s top ten , with the others being universal music group releases . after its modest first week , wrapped in red continued to gain traction at the start of the holiday season , selling up to 131 @ , @ 000 copies during the first week . it experienced its best christmas week after benefiting from nbc ' s premiere ##s of its christmas music videos , selling up to 136 @ , @ 000 copies on its seventh week of release . for seven consecutive weeks , it remained in the top ten of the billboard 200 , the most of any studio album by clarkson . on december 9 , 2013 , the album was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america , making it her sixth platinum studio album . wrapped in red subsequently became the bestselling christmas release of 2013 , selling over 763 @ , @ 000 copies , according to nielsen soundscan , making her the first american female artist to have the most @ - @ 000 christmas sales of the soundscan era . three of the fourteen tracks from wrapped in red have also topped the billboard holiday digital songs chart during its first week of release — led by " silent night " , " have yourself a merry little christmas " , and " underneath the snow " at numbers one , two , and three , respectively . other songs have also appeared in various billboard charts during the holiday season : tracks such as " blue christmas " and " please come home for christmas " charted on the billboard adult contemporary chart , peaking at numbers 5 and 6 , respectively ; whereas " my favorite things " , " run run rudolph " , " please come home for christmas " , " silent night " and " wrapped in red " peaked on the billboard canada country chart at numbers 11 , 12 , 17 , 22 , and 25 , respectively . tracks such as " my favorite things " also charted on the billboard mexico ingles airplay chart at number 49 ; while " silent night " reached its peak in both the hot country songs and the billboard hot digital songs charts , peaking at numbers 86 and 87 , respectively . amazon .com listed wrapped in red as their second bestselling album during the holiday season , and listed it as their third bestselling album of 2013 . the album has sold 785 @ , @ 300 copies in the us as of november 2014 . and in 2014 peaked at 7 on the billboard 200 . internationally , wrapped in red had a relatively limited commercial success . in canada , the album debuted on the billboard canadian albums chart at number 6 on the week ending november 16 , 2013 , making it her fifth top ten debut on the billboard @ - @ 200 chart . it peaked on the chart at number 9 on the week ending december 15 , 2013 . wrapped in red became the second bestselling christmas album of 2013 in canada with 800 @ , @ 000 copies sold in the region , behind a christmas gift to you by johnny cash . in australia , the album debuted on the aria albums chart at number 13 on the week ending november 4 , 2013 , and peaked at number 29 on the week ending november 30 , 2013 . in switzerland , it debuted on the schweizer hitparade at number 2 on the week ending november 30 , 2013 . in the united kingdom , wrapped in red charted on the official uk albums chart at number 65 on the week ending december 14 , 2013 . despite its commercial performance , sony corporation listed the album as their fifth bestselling release worldwide during the holiday season , which included streaming , # # ##lists , and digital sales . = = track listing = = all tracks were produced by greg kurstin , with vocal production on " every christmas " made by chris halbert . note " just for you " contains a portion of the song " carol of the bells " , written by michael j . wilhousky . tracks from the accompanying video were filmed from the television special kelly clarkson ' s cautionary christmas music tale . = = credits and personnel = = credits lifted from the album ' s liner notes . instruments = = = personnel = = = = credits = = = = = history = =