= sholay = sholay ( pronunciation , meaning " embers " ) is a 1975 indian hindi @ - @ | action @ - @ adventure film directed by ramesh sippy and produced by his father r . p . sippy . the film depicts two brothers , veeru and jai ( played by dharmendra and amitabh bachchan ) , hired by a corrupt police officer ( sanjeev kumar ) to capture the criminal dacoit gabbar singh ( amjad khan ) . hema malini and jaya bhaduri also star , as veeru and jai ' s love interests . sholay is considered a classic and one of the greatest indian films . it was ranked ninth in the british film institute ' s 2002 poll of " top 100 indian films " of all time . in 2005 , the jury of the 12th annual filmfare awards named it the best film of all time . the film was shot in the mountainous terrain of ramanagara , in the southern state of karnataka , over a span of two and a half years . after the central board of film certification mandated the removal of several deleted scenes , sholay was released with a length of 198 minutes . in 1990 , the final director ' s cut of 204 minutes became available on home media . when first released , sholay received negative critical reviews and a mixed audience response , but favourable the @ - @ of @ - @ mouth publicity helped it to become a box office success . it set records for theatrical admissions in many theatres across india , and ran for more than five years at mumbai ' s apollo theatre . by some estimates , sholay is the highest grossing indian film of all time , adjusted for inflation . the film borrowed heavily from the conventions of westerns , and is a classic example of the masala film , which combines several genres into one film . critics have noted many themes in the film , such as glorification of violence , adherence to indian ethos , conflict between social order and mobilised forces , homosocial ##ism , and the film ' s status as a national icon . the combined sales of the original soundtrack , scored by r . d . burman , and the soundtrack ( released first ) , set new sales records . the film ' s dialogues and main characters were extremely popular , leading to numerous filmfare awards and becoming part of india ' s daily newspapers . in january 2014 , sholay was re @ - @ released to dvd in the dvd format . = = plot = = in the small village oframgarh , the village policeman thakur baldev singh ( sanjeev kumar ) finds a pair of small @ - @ cart thieves that he had once arrested . thakur decides that the two — veeru ( dharmendra ) and jai ( amitabh bachchan ) — would be ideal to help him capture gabbar singh ( amjad khan ) , a dacoit wanted by the police for a ₹ 20 @ , @ 000 reward . thakur tells them to surrender gabbar to him , however , for an additional ₹ 20 @ , @ 000 reward . the two brothers become the men sent by gabbar to extort the villagers . soon after , gabbar and his gang attack ramgarh during the festival of holi . after a fierce fight , veeru and jai are killed . thakur , although he has a gun in his belt , does not shoot them . veeru and jai fight , and the bandits retreat . the villagers are , however , angry at thakur ' s inaction , and start looting the village . thakur explains that gabbar had killed almost all of his family members , and cut off all his hair a few years ago , which is why he could not use the gun . he had concealed the gun by always wearing a shawl . back in ramgarh , the young veeru and young jai find themselves very fond of the villagers . veeru is drawn to basanti ( hema malini ) , a beautiful , intelligent young woman who makes her living by driving a small @ - @ cart . jai is drawn to radha ( jaya bhaduri ) , thakur ' s reclusive , widowed wife @ - @ cart @ - @ cart , who immediately returns his interest . clashes between gabbar ' s gang and jai @ - @ veeru eventually result in the capture of veeru and basanti by the dacoits . jai attacks the gang , and the two are able to reach gabbar ' s hideout with radha in pursuit . escaping from behind a tree , jai and veeru nearly run out of ammunition . veeru , unaware that jai was wounded in the gunfight , is forced to leave for more ammunition . however , jai , who is continuing the gunfight singlehandedly , manages to kill himself by using his own bullet to ignite dynamite sticks on a bridge from close range . veeru survives , andjai dies in his arms . enraged , veeru leaves gabbar ' s house and calls the police . veeru brutally beats gabbar to death when thakur arrives and reminds veeru of the promise to hand over gabbar singh . thakur uses his ex @ - @ - stick to severely injure gabbar and cuts his throat . the police then arrive and arrest gabbar . after jai ' s death , veeru leaves ramgarh and finds basanti waiting for him on the road . radha is left alone again . = = cast = = dharmendra as veeru sanjeev kumar as thakur baldev singh , affectionately known as " thakur " hema malini as basanti amitabh bachchan as jai ( jaidev ) jaya bhaduri as radha , thakur ' s wife @ - @ in @ - @ line amjad khan as gabbar singh satyen kappu as ramlaal , thakur ' s son r . k . hangal as rahim chacha , the imam of the mosque sachin as ahmed , son of the imam jagdeep as soorma bhopali , a comical wood worker leela mishra as mausi , basanti ' s maternal aunt asrani as the dictator , a comical character modelled after charlie chaplin from the film dictator ( 1940 ) keshto mukherjee as hariram , prison officer and jailor ' s son @ - @ line mac mohan as sambha , gabbar singh ' s wife viju khote as kaalia , another of gabbar ' s men whom he defeats in a game of russian chess iftekhar as inspector khurana , radha ' s father helen in a special appearance in song " mehbooba mehbooba " jalal agha in a special appearance in song " mehbooba mehbooba " = = = = = = = = = = = = the idea for sholay began as a script @ - @ line snippet which producer abu ##l @ - @ javed told s . k . sippy and ramesh sippy ; two other writer / producer teams had earlier discussed the idea . ramesh sippy liked the idea and encouraged them to develop it . the original idea of the film involved an army officer who wants to hire two ex @ - @ men to avenge the death of his wife . the army officer was laterchanged to a comedy because sippy felt that it would be difficult to get him to do anything depicting army activities . the @ - @ javed wrote the script within a month , using names and personality traits of their friends and relatives . the film was loosely based after akira sato ' s 1954 film seven samurai , and drew heavily from the conventions of cinema , especially sergio leone ' s spaghetti western such as once upon a time in the west ( 1968 ) , and preston sturges ' s the magnificent seven ( 1960 ) . sholay was also influenced by the westerns of sam peckinpah , such as the wild bunch ( 1969 ) and bo garrett and billy the kid ( 1973 ) ; and by director roy miller ' s butch cassidy and the sundance kid ( 1969 ) . a scene depicting an attempted bank robbery was inspired by a similar scene in north west frontier ( 1959 ) , and a scene showing the massacre of thakur ' s family has been compared with the massacre of the mcbain family in once upon a time in the west . some plot elements were taken from the hindi films mera gaon mera desh ( 1971 ) and khote sikkay ( 1973 ) . the character gabbar singh was based on a real @ - @ life dacoit of the same name who had menaced the people of gwalior in the 1970s . a criminal captured by the real gabbar singh had his ears and nose cut off , and was used as a warning to other villagers . the character was also influenced by the character " el indio " ( played by gian del volonte ) of sergio leone ' s for a few dollars more ( 1965 ) . soorma bhopali , a minor comic relief character , was based on an acquaintance of director jagdeep , a forest ranger from bhopal named soorma . the real @ - @ @ soorma eventually threatened to press charges when people who had seen the film started referring to him as a woodcutter . the main characters ' names , jai and veeru , mean " bravery " and " heroism " in hindi . = = = casting = = = the producers approached danny denzongpa for the role of police inspector gabbar singh , but he could not accept it as he was committed to work in feroz khan ' s dharmatma ( 1975 ) , in production at the same time . amjad khan , who was the first choice , prepared himself for the part by reading the novel abhisha##pta chambal , which tells of the exploits of chambal singh . the book was written by taroon kumar bhaduri , the husband of fellow cast member jaya bhaduri . although cast members had read the script ahead of time , many were interested in playing other parts . pran was considered for the role of thakur baldev singh , but sippy thought sanjeev kumar was a better choice . initially , dharmendra was also considered to play the role of thakur . he eventually gave up the idea when sippy told him that sanjeev kumar would play veeru if that happened , and would be paired with hema malini , whom dharmendra was hoping to woo . dharmendra knew that kumar was not interested in malini . sippy wanted shatrughan sinha to play the role of jai , but there were already several big stars available , and amitabh bachchan , who was already extremely popular himself , lobbied hard to get the role for himself . during the film ' s production , many of the leads became emotionally involved . bachchan married bhaduri four months before filming started . this led to further delays when bhaduri became pregnant with their daughter shweta . at the time of the film ' s release , she was pregnant with their son abhishek . dharmendra had begun wooing malini during their previous film seeta aur geeta ( 1972 ) , and used the location lighting of sholay to further pursue her . during their love scenes , dharmendra would often use the light boys to enhance the lighting , thereby ensuring lighter scenes and allowing him to spend more time with her . the couple divorced five years after the film ' s release . = = = = = = = much of sholay was shot in the hilly area of ramanagara , a location near bangalore , india . the crew had to build a road from the national highway to ramanagara for convenient access to the location . art director vijay yedekar had an entire township built on the site . a second township was constructed at rajkamal studio in chennai , also used , to match the natural lighting of the on @ - @ location location . this part of ramanagara was for a location called " sippy nagar " as a tribute to the director of the film . as of 2010 , a visit to the " sholay rocks " ( where much the film was shot ) was still being offered to the public . ramanagara. filming began on location on 3 january 1973 , with a scene featuring bachchan and bhaduri . the film had a high budget for its time ( with lavish parties and parties for the cast ) , took two and a half years to make , and was over budget . the reason for its high budget was that sippy re @ - @ filmed scenes many times to achieve his desired effect . " yeh dosti " , a 10 @ - @ minute song sequence , took 21 days to shoot , the short scene in which radha lights lamps took 20 days to shoot because of lighting problems , and the shooting of the scene in which gabbar kills the imam ' s son took 19 days . the train robbery scene , shot on the ■ – pune railway line near panvel , took more than two weeks to shoot . sholay was the first indian film to have a full soundtrack and to use the 70 mm widescreen format . however , since the 70 mm films were popular at the time , the film was shot on standard 35 mm , and the 4 : 3 picture was subsequently converted to a 2 @ . @ 1 : 1 frame . regarding the film , sippy said , " a 70mm [ film ] that takes the awe of the big screen and uses it even more to make the picture even better , and since we always wanted a spread of sound we made six @ - @ track sound tracks and combined it with the big screen . it was definitely a differentiator . " the use of 70 mm was emphasised by film posters on which the title of the film was stylised to match the cinemascope logo . film posters also helped to differentiate the film from those which had come before ; one of them had the tagline : " the greatest star cast ever , – the greatest story ever told " . = = = = ending = = = the director ' s original version of sholay has a different ending in which thakur kills gabbar , along with some other violent scenes . gabbar ' s death scene , and the scene in which the imam ' s son is killed , were removed from the film by india ' s censor board , as was the scene in which thakur ' s family is killed . the censor board was concerned about the violence , and that viewers might be tempted to violate the law by injuring themselves severely . although sippy fought to keep the rights , eventually he returned to re @ - @ for the rest of the film , and as required by thecensor board , have the police arrive just before thakur can kill gabbar . the censored theatrical version was the last one seen by audiences for fifteen years . the original , unedited version of the film first came out in a limited release on vhs in 1990 . since then , eros entertainment has released two versions on dvd . the director ' s cut of the film preserves the original time frame and is 204 minutes in length ; the censored widescreen version is 198 minutes long . = = themes = = scholars have identified several themes in the film , such as glorification of violence , conformation to indian culture , debate about social order and political usurpers , homosocial bonding , and the film ' s role as a national hero . koushik banerjea , a professor at the delhi school of economics , notes that sholay exhibits a " strong sense of ' rogue ' masculinity " exemplified by the two characters jai and veeru . banerjea argues during the film , the traditional boundary between violence and criminality gradually erodes . film scholar wimal dissanayake states that the film brought " a new stage in the traditional boundary between criminal and social justice " to indian cinema . film scholar m . madhava prasad states that jai and veeru represent a marginalised group that is introduced into indian society . prasad says that , through the element of violence included in the plot and the depiction of jai and veeru ' s actions for the public eye , the narrative reflects these attitudes , and the audience is forced to accept the ##ism . banerjea notes that though jai and veeru are innocent , they are betrayed by their own actions . this dualism makes them vulnerable , in contrast to the pure violence of gabbar singh . gabbar singh , the film ' s protagonist , was well received by the audience , despite his seemingly sadistic nature . dissanayake explains that the audience is attracted by the personality and actions of the character , and this element of spectacle in his actions , a hallmark for indian melodrama . he notes that the picturisation of violence in the film is glamourised and uninhibited . he further notes that , unlike other melodramas in which the female body attracts the audience ' s attention as an object of a fetish , in sholay , the male body becomes the victim . he becomes theand where good and evil battle for supremacy . dissanayake argues that sholay can be viewed as a national tragedy : it is a highly political film , it shows social order being constantly threatened , and it shows the decay of human values resulting from a conflict of interests . taken together , these elements comprise the cultural history of india . the visual style of sholay , with its violence , revenge , and vigilante action , is often compared by scholars to the political unrest in india at the time of its release . this tension culminated in the emergency ( rule by decree ) declared by prime minister indira gandhi in 1975 . dissanayeke and sahai note that , although the film borrowed heavily from the mainstream western cinema , particularly in its visuals , it was not " indianised " . as an example , william van der heide ##n compares the massacre scene in sholay with a similar scene in once upon a time in the west . although both films were similar in technical style , sholay reflected indian traditional values and cultural tradition , while the western was more materialistic and cynical in its approach . maithili rao , in encyclopedia of hindi cinema , argues that sholay transformed the style of the western cinema into a " feudalistic ethos " . ted shen of the chicago reader notes sholay ' s " hysterical visual style " and intermittent " black humor " . cultural critic and film scholar ziauddin sardar lampoons the film in his book the secret cinema of our time : sex , violence and indian popular cinema , both for its caricature and stereotyping of muslim and hindu characters , and for what he calls treatment of innocent villagers . sardar notes that the two most prominent muslim characters in the film are soorma bhopali ( a buffoonish criminal ) , and an innocent victim of the bandits ( the protagonist ) . however , the sole function of the female character ( radha ) is to accept her fate in life , while the other female lead ( basanti ) is merely a garrulous village belle . some scholars have argued that sholay contains homosocial elements . ted shen describes the male characters shown in the film as bordering on camp style . dina holtzman , in her book bollywood and sex : indian popular cinema , politics , and culture , states that the death of jai , and the lack of bonding between the two male leads , is done for the sake of establishing a new heterosexual relationship ( that of ve##eru and basanti ) . = = = = = r . d . burman composed the film ' s music , and the lyrics were written by anand bakshi . the songs used in the film , and released on the original soundtrack are listed below . following that is a list of the songs and dialogues which were released later on the original soundtrack . the album ' s cover image depicts an iconic scene from the film in which basanti is forced to sing and dance to the song " haa dil tak hai jaan " on a glass in the blazing sun to save veeru ' s life . the song " mehbooba mehbooba " was sung by its composer , r . d . burman , who received his sole filmfare award nomination for best singing for his performance . the song , which is frequently featured on the hit songs compilations , samples " say you love me " by greek singer demis roussos . " mehbooba mehbooba " has been extensively covered , remixed , and recreated . a remix was released in 2005 by the kronos quartet for their grammy @ - @ 000 album you ' ve stolen my heart , featuring asha bhosle . it was also remixed and sung by himesh reshammiya , along with bhosle , for his debut hindi film aap kaa surroor ( 2007 ) . " yeh dosti " has been called the ultimate bollywood anthem . it was remixed and sung by shankar mahadevan and udit narayan for the 2010 malayalam film four friends , and also in 2010 it was used to symbolise india ' s friendship with the united states during a visit from president barack obama . several songs from the soundtrack were included in the 1975 binaca geetmala list of best filmi songs . " mehbooba mehooba " was listed at no . 24 on the 1975 list , and at no . 6 on the 1976 list . " koi haseena " was listed at no . 3 in 1975 , and no . 4 in 1976 . " yeh dosti " was listed at no . 6 in 1976 . despite the film ' s success , at the time , the songs from sholay attracted less attention than the film ' s soundtrack — a first for bollywood . the producers were thus prompted to release records with only dialogue . taken together , the record sales reached an estimated 500 @ , @ 000 albums , and became one of the top selling bollywood albumsof the 1970s . music critic oli marlow praised the soundtrack in 2013 , calling it a unique fusion of religious , folk , and classical music , with influences from around the world . he also commented on the sound design of the film , calling it psychedelic , and noting that there was " a lot of background background music " in the film that was not included in the soundtrack album . in a 1999 paper submitted to london ' s symposium on sound in cinema , film critic shoma k . chatterji said , " sholay is a valuable lesson on how sound can be used to convey the emotions the film evokes . sholay is also exemplary in its use of soundmatching to jump forward to a different scene and time , without breaking the flow of the narrative , yet , sustaining the drama . " = = reception = = = = = box office = = = sholay was released on 11 august 1975 , on independence day , in mumbai . due to poor reviews and a lack of effective visual marketing tools , it saw low financial returns in the first two weeks . from the third week , however , viewership picked up due to positive word of mouth . during the initial release week , the director and writer considered re @ - @ shooting some scenes so that amitabh bachchan ' s character would not die . when business picked up , they abandoned this idea . after being helped additionally by a soundtrack release containing audio snippets , sholay soon became an " instant hit " . the film was also released in other time zones such as delhi , uttar pradesh , bengal , and hyderabad on 11 august 1975 . it became the highest grossing indian film of 1975 , and film trade website box office india has given the film a verdict of " all time classics " . sholay went on to set a # @ - @ standing record of 60 silver jubilee across india , and became the first film in india to celebrate its silver jubilee at over 100 theatres . it was screened continuously at mumbai ' s apollo theatre for over 30 years . sholay was the indian film with the longest theatrical run until dilwale dulhania ki jayenge ( 1995 ) broke the record of 286 weeks in 2001 . official statistics are not available on the release and box office performance of sholay , but film trade websites provide estimates of its success . according to box office india , sholay earned a ₹ ##10 / nett gross ( estimated at about us $ 1 @ , @ 778 @ , @ 000 @ 1975 ) in indiaduring its first week , which was many times over ₹ ##1 million ( valued at approximately us $ 3 @ , @ 355 @ , @ 000 @ 1975 ) budget . those earnings set a record that remained unbroken for nineteen years , which is also the longest period of time that a film has held the record . the net gross ##es increased further with re @ - @ rate during the late 1970s , 1980s , 1990s , and early 2000s . it is often cited that after adjusting the figures for inflation , sholay became one of the highest grossing films in the history of indian cinema , although such figures are not known with certainty . in 2012 , box office india reported ₹ ##1 @ . @ 63 million ( us $ 64 million ) as sholay ' s highest net gross , whereas times of india , in its 2009 report of survey of indian cinema , reported only ₹ 3 million ( us $ 45 million ) as the net gross . = = = = response = = = = critical reviews of sholay were mixed . among contemporary critics , a . l . amladi of india today called the film a " dead ember " and " a gravely failed attempt " . filmfare wrote that the film was an unsuccessful fusion of western cinema with indian cinema , making it an " average success — neither here nor there . " others labelled it as " dull and good for nothing " and a " second @ - @ rate take @ - @ off " of the 1971 film mera gaon mera desh . trade reviewers and columnists have called the film a flop . in a 1976 article in the new ireland : an irish quarterly magazine , author john gallagher praised the technical achievement of the film , but later criticised it stating , " as a film it breaks new ground , but on every other level it is disappointing : dull , dull , superficial in human image , and a somewhat dull piece of violence " . over time , the critical reception to sholay has improved ; it is now considered a classic , and among the best hindi @ - @ language films . in a 2005 bbc review , the well @ - @ rounded characters and the narrative of the film were praised , but the lead performances of asrani and jagdeep were considered poor . on the film ' s 35th anniversary , the hindustan times wrote that it was a " trailblazer in terms of camera work as well as music , " and that " practically no song , song or even a minor character was a highlight . " in 2006 , the film was oflincoln center described sholay as " an extraordinary and highly original blend of adventure , comedy , action and drama " , calling it an " indian classic " . chicago tribune critic david shen criticized the film in 2002 for its weak plot and " slapdash " cinematography , and said that the film " falls between slapstick and melodrama " . in their obituary of the producer r . p . sippy , the new york times said that sholay " transformed hindi filmmaking and brought new value to hindi script writing " . = = = awards = = = sholay was nominated for nine filmfare awards , but the only winner was m . s . shinde , who won the award for best actor . the film also won three awards at the 1976 bengal film journalists ' association awards ( hindi section ) : " best actor in supporting role " for amjad khan , " best film ( colour ) " for dwarka divecha , and " best music director " for ram yedekar . sholay won a special award at the 50th filmfare awards in 2005 : best film of 50 years . = = legacy = = sholay has won many " best film " honours . it was declared the " film of the century " by bbc india in 1999 . it topped the british film institute ' s " top 100 indian films " of the annual poll of 2002 , and was voted the best indian film in a sky movies poll of one million british viewers in 2004 . it was also included in time out ' s " best of bollywood " list in 2010 , and in cnn @ - @ ibn ' s list of the " 100 greatest indian films of all time " in 2013 . sholay inspired many jokes and pastiches , and spawned a subgenre of films , the " indian western " , which is a play on the term spaghetti western . it was an early and most popular masala film , and a trend @ - @ trend for " multi @ - @ star " films . the film was a watershed for bollywood ' s writers , who were not received well by sholay ; after the film ' s success , script writing became a more respected profession . several scenes and songs from the film achieved cult status in india , such as " kitne aadmi the " ( how many men were there ? ) , " jo dar gaya , samjho ##on gaya " ( he who is dead is dead ) , and " bahut yaarana laagta hai " ( theand you are ( so close ) – all because of gabbar singh . these and other memorable dialogues define the country ' s hindi vernacular . songs and dialogues from the film continue to be referred to and used in popular culture . gabbar singh , the main character , ushered in an era of hindi films characterized by " seemingly insignificant characters and villains " , who play the pivotal role in setting up the plot of the film , such as shakal ( played by kulbhushan kharbanda ) of shaan ( 1980 ) , mogambo ( amrish puri ) of mr . india ( 1987 ) and bhujang ( amrish puri ) of tridev ( 1989 ) . filmfare , in 2013 , named gabbar singh the most iconic character in the history of hindi cinema , and several actors were included in its 2010 list of " 100 greatest performances " for their work in this film . the film is often credited with making amitabh bachchan a " star " , ten years after he became a star with zanjeer ( 1973 ) . some of the supporting actors remain alive in public consciousness as the characters they played in sholay ; for example , chandra mohan continued to be referred to as " sambha " , even though his character had only one name . minor and minor characters continued to be used in commercials , promos , films and sitcoms . amjad khan appeared in several minor roles early in his career . he also played gabbar singh himself in the 1991 spoof ramgarh ke sholay , and reprised the role in 1999 . the british film institute in 2002 wrote that fear of gabbar singh " is still invoked by mothers to put their children to sleep " . the 2012 film gabbar singh , named after the character , was the highest grossing telugu film up to that point . comedian jagdeep , who played soorma bhopali in the film , decided to use his sholay success to make a spinoff . he directed and played the title role in the 1988 film soorma bhopali , in which dharmendra and bachchan had starred . in 2004 , sholay was digitally remastered and released only to select theatres in india , including children ' s theatres , where it had opened successfully two years earlier . an attempt to revive sholay , ram gopal varma ' s ek aag ( 2007 ) , starring amitabh bachchan as the protagonist , was a commercial and critical failure . becauseof broadcast and print media , sholay is widely recognized and extremely popular . twenty years after its release , sholay was first broadcast on the indian television national television channel , where it drew the highest ratings ever for a film broadcast . mobile game developer mobile2win released the " sholay ramgarh ##an " app for mobile phones in 2004 , along with other sholay themed games such as videos , video clips , and ringtones . sholay has been the subject of several books and magazine articles . wimal dissanayake and malti sahai ' s sholay , a cultural reading ( 1992 ) is a comprehensive historical study that sets the film against the broader history of hindi cinema in india . anupama chopra ' s sholay : the making of a classic ( 2000 ) is an intimate look at the film ' s making based on interviews with the director , cast , and crew members . sholay has been described by chopra as the gold standard in indian cinema , and a reference point for audiences and trade analysts . over the years , the film has acquired a cult following in indian cinema , and has been called the greatest hindi film of all time . it belongs to only a small group of films , including partition ( 1943 ) , mother india ( 1957 ) , mughal @ - @ re @ - @ azam ( 1960 ) and hum aapke hain koun . . ! ( 1994 ) , which are widely watched in india , and are regarded as classic hindi films with historical significance . the lasting impact of sholay on indian cinema was noted by anupama chopra , when in 2004 she called it " no longer just a film , [ but ] an icon " . in the 2000 book sholay : the making of a classic , the indian director shekhar kapur wrote " there has never been a more beautiful film on the indian screen . hindi film history can be divided into sholay ab and sholay bc " . the film was first released in pakistan by geo films and mandviwalla entertainment on 17 april 2015 , almost 40 years after its theatrical release . the film ' s premiere in the country was held in karachi . = = 3d re @ - @ = = = filmmaker ketan mehta ' s company maya digital was responsible for converting sholay into the 3d format . mehta was interviewed by g . p . sippy ' s grandson , sasha sippy , about the project in 2010 . in january 2012 , shaan uttam singh , the grandson of producer g . p. sippy , announced that he would sponsor the conversion of the film to 3d , and release it in late 2012 ; this was later postponed to late 2013 , and eventually finalised for 1 january 2014 . it took ₹ 250 million ( us $ 1 @ . @ 5 million ) to convert sholay to 3d . under the leadership of british animator david foster , 350 people worked to convert the film into the new 3d format , for which every frame had to be digitally restored , re @ - @ corrected and re @ - @ composited in 3d to match the original . some set @ - @ pieces , particularly those related to the 3d format were also used , such as digital frames which reflect on the movement of the camera during the second half of the film when the camera moves with them , the gunshot sequence which frees jai and veeru from their bonds , and panoramic views of gabbar ' s hideout in the caves . the theatrical poster and release date were unveiled by the original script @ - @ producers salman khan and javed akhtar . the two main actors , bachchan and dharmendra , were also involved in promoting the re @ - @ release . the film was released on 2 @ , @ 000 screens in india , and additional screens overseas . it grossed around ₹ 250 million ( us $ 1 @ . @ 5 million ) during its re @ - @ release , just enough to recover its production costs .