= hadji ali = hadji ali ( c . 1887 – 92 – january 17 , 1937 ) was a professional stage magician , thought to be of egyptian origin , who was known for acts of spontaneous combustion . his best @ - @ class feats included water spouting , smoke swallowing , and nut and handkerchief swallowing followed by disgorgement in an order chosen by the audience . ali ' s most famous stunt , and the highlight of his career , involved drinking large amounts of water followed by smoke , and then acting by posing as a human flamethrower and fire extinguisher as he expelled the various liquids onto a theatrical stage . while these stunts were performed , a group of audience members was asked to watch the show up close to verify that no magic was employed . although never gaining public recognition , ali had a cult following on the vaudeville circuit in the united states . he performed for heads of state including tsar nicholas ii of russia . judy garland named him her favorite vaudevillian and vivian blaine identified him as his favorite performer . portions of his act were featured in the silent film life as it is ( 1930 ) and in politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the @ @ - @ class version of laurel and hardy ' s cathy come home . two films contain footage of ali taken from politiquerias : 1977 ' s oklahoma ! , and 1999 ' s vaudeville . ali ' s unusual gastric function led to rumors that the rockefeller institute had offered a large sum of money to obtain his stomach at @ - @ mortem . after ali died in 1937 , his body was sent to johns hopkins university for study , though the offer was declined . = = background = = = ali was born into a wealthy @ - @ class family in approximately 1887 or 1892 , depending on the source consulted , probably in egypt . his fame came as a performer of a popular vaudeville subgenre known as the " swallowing act " , involving the swallowing of material or objects and their regurgitation in various ways . ali was told as a child that he had an unusual psychic ability . he stated in response to audience questions at a performance held at st . mary ' s hospital in niagara falls , new york , in october 1926 , that while swimming in the pool as a @ @ - @ - @ - @ old boy , he naturally discovered that he could swallow a large amount of water and spit it out like a smoke spouting . he continued to drink and use theability as he grew older . a more detailed version of these stories was provided by ali ' s daughter , almina ali , in an interview in england after his death . she stated that his tricks were all learned through a simple incident : while swimming in the sea , ali accidentally swallowed a fish and an ample amount of water . instead of dying , like those who thought he would , ali simply swallowed the liquid and the fish without much effect . ali believed that his natural talent had the potential to entertain and to earn money through performance at the age of fifteen : i tried out my tricks first of all in the street , swallowing many glasses of water and then pouring into a great fountain from one side of the road to the other . . . a cafe proprietor saw me doing this one day , and chased me down the street . i thought he wanted to beat me up , but instead — all he did was to put a coin in my hand and ask me to perform the trick . finally , he was so delighted that he asked me to come to his cafe and meet the proprietor . taking his act on the road , ali met an influential man in london who signed him to a contract for music hall performances . ali performed under contract throughout europe and at times for heads of state . according to ali , in or around 1914 he was invited by tsar nicholas ii of russia to perform at the winter palace in saint petersburg , russia . ali stated that the tsar " must have liked my performance because he awarded me a royal decoration , which is now one of my most prized possessions . " after world war i , ali began managing his business affairs and traveling the world , performing more tricks as he went . ali came to the united states with almina in the early @ - @ 1920s . they performed together at fairs , fairs and in vaudeville , sometimes performing under the stage name , " hadji ali & company . " almina played the part of ali in her father ' s act , and performed his act as " the princess " . ali alone had a number of stage names , including : " the great egyptian miracle man " , " the amazing regurgitator " , " the egyptian magician " , " the egyptian aquarium " , " the human volcano " and " the great wonder of the scientific world " . ali has been described as a " large , big @ - @ chested and bearded man . . . [ that was ] an imposing figure in his arab costume . " although ali spoke a number of languages and was a very u .mr . citizen , it is said that almina acted as his manager in the united states and other places , as he did not speak english and was illiterate . once he had gained national fame , ali signed on as his manager hubert julian , a retired pilot in the royal air force . although he developed a significant following , including one named judy garland ' s favorite vaudevillian , ali " remained more a vaudeville performer than a regular vaudeville performer " according to at least one source . nevertheless , at the time of his death in 1937 , julian stated that ali had " earned some money in america — $ 1 @ , @ 000 a week ] . i was building him up there [ in england ] and had a world tour arranged . " = = performance = = the mainstay of ali ' s act was " water spouting " . after swallowing large amounts of water , 60 to 80 glasses at a time , he spouted the water in a continuous stream for a sustained period of time , sometimes approaching one minute . another common trick was to swallow 30 to 50 live beans ( although one of his sketches shows 40 pecans ) , followed by another one of a different variety , such as an almond . ali then brought them up one by one with the sequence @ - @ - @ - @ out , at a mark called out by the audience . in this trick , ali swallowed up to six handkerchiefs of different hues and then produced them in a color order specified by audience members . in a 1929 article appearing in the lowell sun newspaper , physician morris fishbein stated that for ali ' s handkerchief feat , the same nut of a different color was held in the mouth rather than swallowed , thus allowing him to produce them on stage . dr . fishbein further stated that his " investigators " were convinced that for ali ' s handkerchief stunt , to produce them in the sequence stipulated by the audience he flavored the peanuts , and could therefore taste for the correct color as he brought them up . ali also swallowed live goldfish , pearls , coins , costume pieces , tea cups , # ##es , stones , live birds , buttons , cotton balls and other small objects . in a standard vaudeville segment , he held eight or more lit cigarettes in his mouth . instead of smoking , he swallowed the smoke and , after a significant time had passed , issued it forth in a steady stream like an active volcano . ali ' s longstanding finale was the swallowing of copious amounts of water again ,all this time accompanied by a stream of water . a prop was then produced , typically a small castle or house made of metal set on a table , in which a small fire burned . lighter than water and immiscible with it , the kerosene rose above the liquid in ali ' s gut , allowing him to swallow it first . the stage was lit , and to a drum roll or an imitation of fire music , ali became a " living volcano " , spewing the accelerant in a long stream at the fire prop , setting it off . when the fire was exhausted , the water followed , coming from his mouth in a steady flow from three to five feet away , extinguishing the fire . at some performances , a judge or " judge " from the audience was invited on stage to verify that no trick ##ery was being used — that he was actually swallowing the nuts in question and giving them away through acts of kindness . muhammad ali would stroll into the audience during his nut swallowing act . his stomach exposed by his black costume , he invited audience members to pat his stomach , allowing them to hear the nuts rattling within . one newspaper reported that ali ' s elaborate , essentially controlled acts , were performed in " a manner without the least hint of unpleasantness or anything bordering on repulsiveness . " not everyone felt the same : at least one of ali ' s engagements was cut short once the proprietor realized that the success of the act " was in their supper hour " . famed escapologist and magician harry price remarked in his 1920 work fire mongers and their friends that water spouting was a " feat that could not fail to disgust a modern audience . " the abilities of ali impressed the public and medical authorities . as reported in a 1928 sheboygan press article , at one of ali ' s performances a number of doctors met and personally examined him during the show . they came away satisfied that he was actually imbibing and consuming the nuts and objects as claimed , but remained " concerned over his poor health . " according to an article published in the naugatuck daily news , " physicians of three nations have puzzled over the gastronomical mechanism of this human being without success . x @ - @ ray claims have been made during his exhibition without a plausible explanation forthcoming that even the critical , in fact , the profession of medicine has thrown up its hands in protest over thisthe film . " = = film ##ography = = ali ' s life was captured in two films : the 1930 documentary life as it is , and politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the expanded spanish @ - @ tv version of laurel and hardy ' s comedy come alive . ali also had a bit part as the " turkish landlord " in warner bros . ' 1932 film scarlet dawn starring douglas fairbanks , jr . and madeleine carroll . two documentaries include footage of ali taken from politiquerias : 1977 ' s ali ! , and 1999 ' s vaudeville , a documentary produced by kcts @ - @ tv that exhibits his vaudeville acts over a two @ - @ hour running time . the film has since aired on the public broadcasting service ' s american masters series numerous times . speaking of the democratic nature of the vaudeville vaudeville circuit , vaudeville ' s writer and executive producer said in tribute to ali that the film " embraced everything from caruso to the man who threw it . " by contrast , in episode 2 of the sundance channel television series iconoclasts , comedian hal blaine spoke enthusiastically of ali . during the episode , blaine shows comedian al close ali ' s kerosene and water finale taken from politiquerias and says that it is his " favorite . . . . it ' s old but he ' s been able to do it since . . . his name is muhammad ali . . . he ' s my favorite of all time . " = = = = = ali died on november 5 , 1937 , in wolverhampton , england , from heart failure during a bout of bronchitis . even before his death , a rumor had circulated that the rockefeller institute sought to acquire ali ' s body upon his death , and would pay as much as $ 50 @ , @ 000 for it . this claim appeared on a poster advertising ali ' s first performance at a theater during his lifetime . after ali ' s death was reported , the rumor circulated about an anonymous offer of $ 10 @ , @ 000 . when a rockefeller institute manager was asked about the offer , he said the offer had never been made and that nevertheless , " we should very much like to see the body . " almina and julian brought ali ' s body back to the united states on board the queen mary . according to a november 29 , 1937 article in the new york post , upon their arrival , almina took her father ' s body to baltimore ' s johns hopkins university for examination by physicians , after which it would be transported tooffered for interment in a cemetery . however , the @ @ - @ ! newspaper reported on december 11 , 1937 , that johns hopkins ' trustees had declined the offer .