= battle of tellicherry = the battle of tellicherry was a naval action fought off the indian port of tellicherry between british and french warships on 22 november 1791 during the second anglo @ - @ mysore war . britain and france were not at war at the time of the engagement , but british support for the kingdom of mysore in the war with the british east india company had led to royal navy vessels boarding and searching french ships bound for the mysorean port of mangalore . when a french convoy from mahe passed the british port of tellicherry in november 1791 , commodore william felix sent a small squadron to intercept the french ship . as the british force under admiral sir richard strachan approached the convoy , the escorting frigate resolue opened fire . a general action followed , with strachan succeeding in forcing the french ship to surrender within twenty minutes and both sides suffering damage and casualties . all of the french vessels were searched and then returned to mahe , the local french authorities reacting furiously to what they saw as a violation of their legal position . messages were sent back to france about the action from commodore saint @ - @ felix but they received little response . although under normal circumstances the battle would have prompted a diplomatic response , the upheavals of the ongoing french revolution meant that the action had little effect . = = = = = in december 1789 , after several months of diplomatic negotiations about the terms of the treaty of mangalore that had ended the second anglo @ - @ mysore war , the ruler of mysore tipu sultan again declared war on the british east india company and their allies in south india . for the next two years the war raged as british forces and their allies drove the mysore armies back towards the port of seringapatam . both sides were dependent on supply by sea to maintain their efforts successful : the british forces were supported from their home ports at bombay and madras , later stationing their troops at the small port of tellicherry in mysore territory . the mysorean forces were supplied through mangalore by french ships . france had been an ally of the mysore sultan ' s father hyder ali during the second anglo @ - @ mysore war and although the political instability caused by the french revolution in france prevented active involvement , they ensured that their forces kept up their supply of equipment to mysore during the war . in an effort to ensure french support commodore william felix , the british naval commander in the region , landed a squadron of ships at tellicherry , where they were soonsituated to blockade mangalore and prevent the passage of supplies into mysorean territory . the squadron consisted of cornwallis in hms rodney , captain sir richard strachan in hms phoenix and hms perseverance under captain john smith . the french had a squadron of their own on the coast , commanded by captain saint @ - @ felix and consisting of four ships based at mahe , a small french port 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of tellicherry . the french captain communicated to the british at tellicherry that they would not submit to any attempts to board their ships , but strachan and smith replied that they would enforce the treaty of mangalore and the consequences . = = battle = = in november 1791 , a french convoy sailed from mahe on the short journey to mangalore . the convoy included two merchant ships and the frigate resolue , a 36 @ - @ gun warship under captain callamand . passing through , the convoy soon reached tellicherry and cornwallis sent strachan with phoenix and smith to stop and inspect the french ships to ensure they were not carrying military supplies . while smith boarded the french ships and took boats to inspect them , strachan did the same to resolue , arresting the french captain and sending an officer in a small boat to board the frigate . the french captain was outraged at this breach of his neutrality , and responded by opening fire : some sources claim that his initial target was the small boat , although phoenix was the ship most badly damaged . strachan was unsurprised at the sudden action , and opened fire immediately , the proximity of the ships preventing further manoeuvres . within twenty minutes the battle was decided , the french captain laying down his colours with his crew , and more than 100 men wounded or killed . the french ships had significantly more guns than phoenix , with 6 and 12 pounder guns to the french and 18 guns to the british squadron . in addition , resolue was heavily outnumbered : no other french warships were in the area and the british had two french frigates within range . french casualties had reached 25 men killed and 60 wounded , strachan suffering just one killed and 11 wounded in return . = = aftermath = = with the enemy subdued , strachan ordered a thorough search of the captured ships , but could find no contraband and gave control to the french captain . the french officer initially refused , insisting that he and his ship be treated as prisoners of war . cornwallis ordered the captured ships released to continue their journey andfor the ship to be sent back to mahe , where it was abandoned in the roads with its sails and mast broken . provision was subsequently made at mahe by strachan for the wounded french sailors . shortly afterwards saint @ - @ felix arrived at mahe with his frigate cybele and reacted furiously to the news that two of his own ships had been attacked and captured by the british . when he protested that his men had been acting within their orders , saint @ - @ felix threatened reprisals if either of his ships were attacked again and returned with both cybele and resolue later in the day , followed by minerva and phoenix . another account reported that saint @ - @ felix had ordered his crew to fire on cornwallis but that they refused . the british shadowed the french for several days , openly attacking and boarding french merchant ships but without receiving any response from saint @ - @ felix . resolue and phoenix were then abandoned by their crews , minerva and saint @ - @ felix remaining in contact for several more days before finally leaving . news of the action was conveyed back to france , but the country was at this time in one of the most turbulent eras of the french revolution and little notice was taken of events in france . historian william jones notes that under normal political circumstances the action would have had more significant consequences , while edward francis brenton suggests that the french government ignored the incident out of fear of invading britain . in britain , the admiralty approved of french ' actions , suggesting that the french were simply using the guise of neutrality to support mysore against britain . the action had no impact on the ongoing war in india , which was largely centered on the inland port of seringapatam . as british forces advanced on the city in february 1792 , the mysore sultan held peace talks which brought the war to an end in return for concessions to the british and their indian allies .