= synonym of allosaurus = there have been a number of new species assigned to the carnosaurian dinosaur genus ever since its description in 1877 by othniel charles marsh , but only a handful are currently regarded as valid . it was originally described from material from the late cretaceous morrison formation of the western united states of america ; the type species a . fragilis is one of the few @ - @ known species of dinosaur . the genus name was part of the marsh / cope " bone wars " of the late 19th century , and dinosaur taxonomy became increasingly complicated due to the wars , with several genera and species named by cope and marsh being regarded as synonyms of it or a . fragilis . since the description of allosaurus , scientists have described new species from such @ @ - @ flung locations as portugal , siberia , and mongolia . = = = about type specimen = = the list of synonyms is complicated by the type specimen of ##osaurus fragillis ( catalogue number ypm 1930 ) being extremely fragmentary , consisting of a few incomplete vertebrae , limb bone fragments , rib fragments , and a tooth . because of this , some scientists have noted that the type specimen , and thus the genus name itself or at least the species a . fragillis , is technically a nomen dubium ( " dubious name " , based on a specimen too incomplete to refer to other specimens or to classify ) . in an attempt to resolve this situation , gregory s . paul and kenneth clark ( 2010 ) submitted a petition to the iczn to have the name a . fragillis officially transferred to the more complete specimen usnm4734 ( as a neotype ) . this petition is still awaiting approval . = = = = = = = it is unclear how many species of dinosaur there were . eight species have been considered as valid since 1988 ( a . amplexus , a . atrox , a . europaeus , the type species a . fragilis , the as @ - @ species not formally named " a . jimmadseni " , a . lucasi , a . maximus , and a . tendagurensis ) , although only about half are usually considered valid at any given time . there are also at least ten new or undescribed species that have been assigned to it over the years , along with the species belonging to genera previously sunk into it . in the most recent review of basal tetanuran taxonomy , only a . fra##gilis ( previously a . amplexus and a . atrox ) , " a . jimmadseni " ( previously an unnamed species ) , and a . tendagurensis were recognized as a valid species , with a . europaeus not yet proposed and a . maximus assigned to saurophaganax . a . fragilis is the type species and was named by marsh in 1877 . it is known from the remains of at least four individuals , all found in the kimmeridgian – tithonian ) ##most @ - @ age morrison formation of the united states , distributed in the states of colorado , montana , new mexico , oklahoma , south dakota , nebraska , and wyoming . parts of the humerus ( upper arm ) of a . fragilis have been described as diagnostic among all theropods , but the discovery of " a . jimmadseni " indicates that this may no longer be the case at the species level . a . amplexus was named by gregory s . paul for the morrison allosaur fauna , and included in his genus saurophagus maximus ( previously saurophaganax ) . a . amplexus was originally coined by marsh in 1878 as the type species of his new genus epanterias , and is based on what is now amnh 5767 , consisting of two vertebrae , a coracoid , and a metatarsal . since paul ' s work , this species has been regarded as a synonym of a . fragilis . new material from portugal was first described in 1999 on the basis of mhnul / and . 001 , a partial skeleton including a quadrate , vertebrae , ribs , gastralia , chevrons , fragments of the skull , and ribs . this specimen was assigned to a . fragilis , until the 2001 discovery of a partial skull and neck ( mn 415 ) from lourinha , in the kimmeridgian @ - @ age porto novo member of the lourinha formation , spurred the naming of the new species a . europaeus . it differs from other species of allosaurus in many details . however , this specimen cannot prove it to be a . fragilis , as previously thought . daniel chure ' s work on morrison allosaurid remains has been responsible , directly or indirectly , for " a . jimmadseni " and a . maximus . " a . jimmadseni " is the proposed name for a new species of morrison allosa##ur , based on a nearly complete skeleton and skull . a . sp . maximus , as it is now known , differs from a . fragilis in several anatomical details including a jugal and skull with a straight lower jaw , and is currently found only in the salt creek member of the morrison formation , with a . fragilis being found in the higher brushy basin member . a . maximus was coined by david k . smith for chure ' s saurophaganax maximus , a taxon proposed by chure in 1995 for the allosaurid remains from the triassic of oklahoma . these remains had been known as saurophagus , but that name was already in use , prompting chure to propose a substitute . smith , in his 1998 analysis of remains , concluded that s . maximus was not different enough from allosaurus to be a valid species , but did warrant its own genus , a . maximus . this reassignment was rejected in the most recent study of basal tetanurans . = = biological variation , a . atrox , and a . fragilis = = the perception that there were two common living species in the morrison formation was challenged in gregory s . paul ' s 1988 book , dinosaurs of the world . paul proposed that a . fragilis had longer front legs and a heavier skull compared to a postulated separate species a . atrox , and was not a different gender due to rarity . ##aurus atrox was originally named by cope in 1878 as the type species of its own genus , creosaurus , and was based on ypm 1890 , an assortment of bones including a couple of fragments of the skull , portions of nine tail vertebrae , two neck vertebrae , an illium , and hand and foot bones . although the idea of a common living allosaur species has had support in size @ - @ publications and scientific studies , it has generally been rejected in the technical community . david k . smith , examining allosaurus fossils and quarry , found that the mount lloyd dinosaur quarry ( utah ) bones are generally smaller than those from como bluff ( wyoming ) and brigham young university ' s dry mesa quarry ( colorado ) , but the size of the bones themselves did not differ between the sites . a later study by smith from garden park ( colorado ) and zion national monument ( utah ) , found no justification for a species based on biological variation ; genetic variation was most common and most widespread , but individual variation was minimal . subsequent work on size @ - @ . variationthey found no significant differences , although the la ##rval specimens appeared to fit together on the basis of the largest , an ankle bone . kenneth carpenter , using skeletal material from the # ##ville site , found wide differences between individuals , calling into question * - @ - @ level distinctions based such features as the shape of the skull , and the new name of " a . jimmadseni " based on the shape of the jugal . = = valid and invalid . = = a number of species assigned to marsh are no longer recognized as valid , for one reason or another . the " a . agilis " , seen by zittel , 1887 , and osborn , 1912 , is a typographical error for a . fragilis . marsh ' s a . ferox ( 1896 ; not to be confused with his 1884 labrosaurus ferox , also part of the taxonomy ) was coined for a partial skull in a footnote , and has been recognized as a specimen of a fragilis . a . lucaris , another marsh name , was assigned to a partial skeleton in 1878 . he also suggested it warranted its own genus , labrosaurus , but this has not been confirmed , and a . lucaris is now regarded as another specimen of a . fragilis . allosaurus lucaris , is known mostly from bones , showing similarities with marsh . paul and carpenter stated that the type specimen of this species , ypm 1931 , was from a younger individual than marsh , and might represent a different genus . however , they concluded that the specimen was undiagnostic , and thus a . lucaris was a nomen dubium . " a . whitei " , an informally named species named by pickering in 1996 , is a recasting of the a . atrox versus a . fragilis debate as the type specimen to represent the a . atrox species , and has since been recognized . several names occurring in genera other than ##osaurus are also sometimes considered to be synonymous with a . fragilis . labrosaurus ferox was named in 1884 by marsh for an oddly formed partial lower jaw , with a prominent gap in the tooth row at the front of the jaw , and a rear section that expanded and turned inward . later studies determined that the bone was pathologic , showing an adaptation to the lower jaw , and that much of the unusual shape of the rear of the jaw was due to incomplete reconstruction . it is regarded as most likely a specimenof a . fragilis . ##aurus valens is a synonym for antrodemus valens accidentally described by friedrich von huene in 1932 ; antrodemus valens itself may actually refer to allosaurus fragilis , which gilmore named in 1920 . apatodon mirus , based on a fragment of what was first thought to be a mammalian jaw , may or may not be the same as allosaurus . = = misassigned . = = some species formerly classified within or assigned to it do not belong to the genus . a . medius was named by marsh in 1888 for " type specimens " from the early cretaceous of maryland , although most of the specimens were removed by richard swann lull to the new ornithopod species dryosaurus grandis , except for a tooth . gilmore considered the tooth nondiagnostic and assigned it to a new species , dryptosaurus medius . the change was not accepted by the most recent reviews , and allosaurus medius was now listed as a dubious species of theropod . ##osaurus sibiricus was described in 1914 by a . n . riabinin on the basis of a bone , later identified as a partial left metatarsal , from the early cretaceous of buryatia , russia . it was transferred to chilantaisaurus in 1990 . ##osaurus meriani was described in 1870 by greppin as a species of megalosaurus , based on a tooth from the early jurassic of france . it has occasionally been assigned to it , but recent reviews have listed it as a theropod species by meriani , who included it in ##osaurus sp . allosaurus stechowi was named in 1920 by janensch as labrosaurus stechowi for @ - @ - @ - teeth from the tendaguru formation of tanzania . with the synonymization of labrosaurus and ##osaurus , donald r . glut listed it as a species of allosaurus , but it is now either assigned to this sp . or as a dubious ceratosaurian . there are still several species left over from the synonymizations of creosaurus and labrosaurus with marsh . creosaurus potens was named by marsh in 1911 for a tooth from the early cretaceous of maryland . it is now listed as a dubious theropod . labrosaurus fragilis is a typographical replacement by marsh ( 1896 ) for labrosaurus fra##rox . l . sulcatus , named by marsh in 1896 for a morrison formation specimen , which like l . stechowi is now classified as a ceratosaurus sp . or a basal ceratosaurian . l . tendagurensis , named in 1925 by werner janensch for the specimen shin ( mn 67 ) found at the kimmeridgian @ - @ - locality of tendaguru , in mtwara , tanzania . this identification has not had much support in recent years , with opinions on its status ranging from a newly named species of allosaurus , to a dubious tetanuran . the most recent analysis has placed it in carcharodontosauridae . although obscure , it was a large theropod , measuring over 10 meters long ( 33 ft ) and 2 @ . @ 8 metric tons ( 3 @ . @ 8 short tons ) in weight . = = specimens misassigned to others though still recognized as new species = = kurzanov and colleagues in 2003 designated the teeth from siberia as allosaurus sp . ( although the authors found the teeth to be most like those of ##osaurus , which did not or could not be a species ) . also , reports of teeth from shanxi , china date back to at least 1982 . an astragalus ( thigh bone ) thought to belong to a species of allosaurus was found near cape york , australia in the cretaceous deposits of western australia . it was thought to provide evidence that it was a refugium for animals that had gone extinct elsewhere . this identification was challenged by alan welles , who thought it closely resembled that of an ornithomimid , but the original authors defended their position . with several years of new specimens and research to look at , daniel chure examined the bone and found that it was not allosaurus , but could be an allosauroid . however , yoichi azuma and phil currie , in their description of fukuiraptor , found that the bone closely resembled that of their own genus . this specimen is sometimes referred to as " homo robustus " , an alternative museum name . it may have belonged to something similar to , or the same as , australovenator , or it may represent an abelisaur . the speculative " polar " or " dwarf homo " was used for the " spirits of the ice age " episode of walking with dinosaurs .