= = ross = arthur howey " art " ross ( january 13 , 1885 – february 5 , 1964 ) was a canadian professional ice hockey player and coach from 1905 until 1954 . regarded as one of the greatest players of his era by his peers , he was one of the first to play with the puck on the ice rather than passing it to a forward . he played on stanley cup championship teams twice in a professional career that spanned thirteen years ; in january 1907 with the kenora saints and 1908 with the montreal wanderers . like other players of the era , ross played for many different teams and leagues , and is most famous for his time with the bruins while they were members of the national hockey association ( nha ) and its successor , the national hockey league ( nhl ) . in 1911 he led one of the first major player strikes for increased pay . when the wanderers ' home arena burned down in january 1918 , the team suspended operations and ross retired as a player . after several years as an on @ - @ ice official , he was named head coach of the hamilton tigers for one season . when the boston bruins were founded in 1924 , ross was hired as the first coach and general manager of the team . he would go on to coach the team on several more occasions until 1945 and stayed as general manager until his retirement in 1954 . ross helped the bruins finish first place in the league ten times and to win the stanley cup three times ; ross personally led the team to two of those titles . after being hired by the bruins , ross , along with his wife and three children , moved to a suburb of boston , and became an american citizen in 1938 . he died near boston in 1964 . outside of his association with the bruins , ross also worked to change the game . he created a style of the puck still used today , and introduced an improved system of goal nets , a practice that lasted forty years . in 1947 ross won the art ross trophy , awarded to the top scorer of the nhl each season . ross was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1949 . = = early life = = ross was born january 13 , 1885 , in naughton , ontario . his father , thomas barnston ross , was the manager of a hudson ' s bay company trading post in the area . the ninth of ten children , ross grew up speaking both english and ojibwe , a native american language . ross moved to montreal in 1902 to play in minor hockey leagues , living in the montreal westmount neighbourhood . he played high school and junior hockey with lester andand patrick , both of whom were later inducted into the hockey hall of fame . ross and patrick had a highly successful ticket selling business at the montreal forum , buying tickets for thirty @ - @ five cents and selling them for up to a dollar . = = = = = = = = = 1905 – 09 = = = the best hockey player on their high school team , ross and the patrick brothers were invited to play occasional games for minor league teams in montreal . ross first played in an organized league in 1905 , joining montreal westmount of the canadian amateur hockey league ( cahl ) , the top amateur league in canada . he scored ten goals in eight games during the season . his teammates regarded him as one of the best defensive defencemen . most defenders at the time either ran the puck down the ice or passed to a teammate ; in fact , ross skated up the ice , taking the puck into the offensive zone . later that year , wishing to pursue a career in hockey , he moved to brandon , manitoba , where he joined the brandon elks of the manitoba hockey league , the senior league in the province . in 1906 , his rookie season , he scored six goals in seven games while he scored six goals in eight games in 1907 . around this time , the kenora thistles , the manitoba junior champions , wanted to strengthen their team for the stanley cup challenge against the montreal wanderers in montreal during january 1907 . they paid ross $ 1 @ , @ 000 to play exhibition games , a common practice at the time , and the wanderers won the cup . although unable to score , ross started making plays and proved an important member of the team . although he played for the opposing team , he received a warm reception from the montreal wanderers . he did not play for the wanderers when the two teams played for the cup again in march , which the wanderers won to take home the cup . the following year ross moved back to montreal . he joined the wanderers , the team he had helped to form , and played in the eastern canada amateur hockey association ( ecaha ) , the successor league to the cahl as the premier league in the country . he scored eight goals in eight games during the three @ - @ weeks , that lasted from january to march . he helped the team to finish second in the ecaha and win the cup in 1908 with teams from ottawa , winnipeg and toronto . the wanderers were cup champions during these years , so ross became the second player to win the cup with both teams in consecutive years , after frank marshall in 1901 and 1902 .in october 1908 , he played in the first all @ - @ star game in sports history , a benefit for the family of former wanderers defender hod stuart , who died the previous summer . aside from his time with the wanderers , ross repeated his practice of playing for the teams that paid for his services in exhibition matches . for the 1909 season ross received a salary of $ 1 @ , @ 600 . although he settled for $ 1 @ , @ 700 , the average salary of professional players at the time was $ 600 . ross received a cash bonus of $ 400 to play in a stanley cup challenge against a team from montreal in december 1908 , in which the wanderers won the one @ - @ game , two @ - @ goal series on – 10 . ross finished the season with four goals in four games . = = = 1909 – = = = = a new league , the canadian hockey association ( cha ) , was formed in late october 1909 . one of the teams , the montreal @ - @ professional hockey club , hired ross as their playing @ - @ manager , but the league only lasted to mid @ - @ january 1910 before disbanding . ross , who scored four goals in five games in the cha , then signed with the haileybury comets of the national hockey association ( nha ) , a league formed in december 1909 , which proved to be the direct replacement to the ecaha as the highest level of hockey in canada . he received $ 1 @ , @ 700 to play in the 1910 season , which lasted from january to march , playing twelve games for the comets and finishing with four goals . for the following season , the nha imposed a salary cap of $ 1 @ , @ 000 per team . the players , including ross , were concerned that this would result in a salary decrease , and began looking to form their own league without a league . ross wrote to the montreal herald , stating " all the players want is a fair deal . . . the players are not trying to bulldoze the nha , but we want to know where we get off to . " the plans were abandoned when they realized that the montreal arenas would be relegated because they were owned or operated by the nha . ross scored four goals in five games with the canadiens , who finished fourth in the six team league . during a match against the quebec bulldogs on february 1 , 1911 , ross knocked out eddie oatman in a game , causing a violent brawl between the two teams , which the players managed to break up . the fight served to end thereputation ross gained as a star player refused to back down from any challenge . the following season ross had ten goals in nineteen games as the wanderers rose to second in the league . prior to the 1913 – 1914 nha season , ross refused to sign a contract for the wanderers , demanding a salary increase . as one of the top players on the team , the wanderers agreed to his salary of $ 1 @ , @ one for the forthcoming season , in which ross finished with four goals and nine points in eighteen games . the next season ross , again concerned with his salary , began negotiating with other players in the nha to sell their teams and form a new league that would pay higher salaries . these actions resulted in his suspension in november 1914 by emmett quinn , president of the nha . ross responded by declaring himself a free agent and claiming his contract with the wanderers was no longer valid . consequently , although having no legal power to do so , quinn suspended ross from all professional hockey . the proposed new law failed to pass and ross applied for reinstatement to the nha , which was granted at a meeting of the wanderers owners on december 18 , 1914 . the owners realized if they suspended ross , they would also have to suspend all those he signed , hurting the club . however , ross ' s actions led to his release from the wanderers . at first he signed with the montreal canadiens , then with the ottawa senators . at the conclusion of the 1914 – nhl season , the senators and wanderers finished with identical records of eight wins and six losses . a two @ - @ one , single scoring series was held to determine the nha scoring champion who would share the stanley cup with the pacific coast hockey association champions , the vancouver millionaires . ross , who finished with three goals in sixteen games in the series , scored one goal in the first game against the wanderers , a 2 - – 0 win , and though ottawa lost the second game 3 – 0 , they won the series , 4 – 1 . to help the senators stop the wanderers , who were known for their speed , ross created a new style of defence . termed " kitty bar the puck " , it required three defenders to move themselves on the ice 30 feet in front of the goaltender to stop the puck . this style of defence would later be used in a modified style known as the red zone defence , and used it to stop opposition scoring goals . the following season ross , who had eight goals and seven assists in two @ - @ one games , was the second highest scoring player on the team ; his salary of$ 1 @ , @ 400 was $ 100 more than frank nighbor made . even so , ross left the team in 1916 , moving to montreal in order to look after his sporting @ - @ - business , and rejoining the wanderers . he scored four goals and added two assists in sixteen games for the wanderers . the wanderers , along with the montreal canadiens , toronto arenas , quebec bulldogs and ottawa senators dissolved the nha and joined the national hockey league ( nhl ) in december 1917 . ross became coach of the wanderers , but a fire on january 2 , 1918 , destroyed their home , the montreal arena , and caused them to fold after four games . however , the nhl let the wanderers continue to play , and recorded two regularly scheduled matches as exhibition games for the wanderers , even though the games were not played . with the nhl disbanded , ross retired as a player . his nhl statistics included one goal in three games played . = = managerial = = = = = = 1918 – [UNK] = = = ross began his career as a hockey coach in the middle of his playing days , when at age 24 he coached the mcgill university redmen to a record – 2 – 1 record during the 1910 – hockey season . following his playing career , ross became a nhl referee . he was hired to coach the hamilton tigers for the 1922 – nhl season , and adopted new methods in the game that emphasized physical fitness , including work on the ice . however , the tigers finished with a record of six wins and eighteen losses , last in the nhl for the second consecutive season , and ross did not coach the entire season . his next coaching appointment arose from visiting montreal grocery store owner jack adams during the 1924 stanley cup finals . before the 1924 season , the nhl awarded adams an nhl franchise . adams ' first act was to appoint ross as team president , general manager , coach and referee . adams instructed ross to come up with a nickname portraying an untamed animal displaying speed , agility and strength . with this in mind , ross named the team the boston bruins , after the old english word for a horse . the team ' s nickname fit perfectly with the original colours of red and yellow , which were the same colours of adams ' grocery chain , first national stores . ross utilized his many business connections in canada and the united states to recruit players . even so , the team started well . early in the 1925 season the university of toronto hockey team arrived in toronto for matches against other universities . the team ' s owner , stafford smythe , who also owned and managed the toronto maple leafs, said that his team could not defeat the bruins — ross ' s team had won only three of their first fifteen nhl games . this started a feud between smythe and ross which lasted for nearly two years , until ross ' death ; being mostly confined to professional correspondence , they refused to speak to each other at nhl board of governor meetings . the bruins finished their first season with nine wins in 30 games , one of the worst records in the history of the league . several records were broken over the course of the season ; the nine home wins were tied for the second most ever , and the eleven @ - @ game winning streak from december 3 , 1924 , until february 1 , 1925 , set a record for longest losing streak , surpassed in 2004 and the second longest in history . with 17 wins in 30 games the following season , the team greatly improved , and finished one point out of a playoff spot . in 1926 the western hockey league , the then - professional hockey league , was in decline . the adams brothers , who controlled the league , offered to buy the top five teams for $ 10 @ , @ 000 . ross realized the limited options available and convinced them to take the money . as a result , the bruins acquired the rights to several future hall of fame players , the most notable being forward eddie shore . ross signed goaltender cecil " red " smith in 1928 , who was with the team in montreal , despite never watching him play ; ralph " cooney " weiland was also brought in from minnesota . ross signed cy denneny from ottawa and made him a @ @ - @ assistant @ - @ coach . ross assumed the roles of president and general manager . on november 22 , 1928 , the bruins moved to a new arena when the boston garden opened . the bruins played the canadiens and won the match 1 – 0 in front of 500 @ , @ 000 spectators . the players signed by ross allowed the team to improve further , and they won the stanley cup in 1929 . denneny retired after the cup win , ross guiding the team to several league records in the 1929 – 30 season . the team won 38 of 39 games for a . 875 winning percentage , the highest in league history ; the five losses tied a record for fewest losses , and the five home wins tied a record for first place . the bruins also only lost one game in a tie , a record for most ties in a season since the nhl began recording the record in 1926 . one of the longest winning streaks was also set during the season . from december 3 , 1929 ,until january 9 , 1930 , the team won fourteen games in a row , a record that lasted until 1982 and is tied for third longest , as of december 2010 . the second winning streak began the same day and lasted for fifteen games , until march 9 , 1930 , which was tied for the longest of its kind in 1976 . from 1930 – 31 , the bruins again lost only one playoff game , which broke their previous record . on april 18 , 1931 , ross substituted a sixth goaltender for goaltender tiny thompson in the final minute of play in a playoff game against the montreal canadiens . although the bruins lost the game 1 – 0 , ross became the first coach to replace his goaltender with an extra attacker , a practice which became common later in hockey . stepping down as coach in 1934 to focus on managing the team , ross hired frank patrick as coach with a salary of $ 500 @ , @ $ , which was high for such a salary . but rumours spread during the season that ross was drinking heavily and not being as friendly with the players as he wanted . after the bruins lost their playoff series with the toronto maple leafs in the 1936 playoffs , the result of an eight – goal score in the second period , one newspaper claimed that patrick had been drinking the day of the game and had been controlling the team . several days later , ross relieved patrick of his duties and once again assumed the role of coach . = = = 1936 – = = = = ross took over an aging team . he had already signed three players , babe schmidt , eddie bauer and leo dumart , who all grew up together in toronto , ontario , and had them play on the same line , later dubbed the kraut line in reference to the german heritage of all three . along with them , ross had acquired a new goaltender in 1938 , frank brimsek ; after brimsek recorded three shutouts in his first seven games , the bruins traded away tiny thompson to allow brimsek to play . with these players the bruins finished first in the league in 1937 – 38 ; ross was selected as the second best coach in the league , selected for the end of season all @ - @ star first team . the following season the bruins won 36 of 44 games , and won the stanley cup in the playoffs ; ross was named to the first all @ - @ star team as the best coach in the league for the season and the team finished winning four games , which was tied for the second most in a season . he hired the recently retired cooney weiland to coachthe cup for the 1939 – season nhl season . the bruins would win the cup again in 1941 , and tied their record of only four away losses all season . ross once again took over as coach of the team before the 1941 – nhl season began , as weiland became coach of the chicago cougars of the american hockey league , and led the team to 25 wins in 50 games , which was enough to secure their place in the league . by this time the second world war had caused several bruins players , including the van kraut family and bill brimsek , to enlist in their respective armed forces . the bruins finished second in the nhl during the 1942 – nhl season with 25 wins in 50 games and ross was again named in the 1942 nhl b @ - @ star team as the best coach in the league . the bruins missed the playoffs in 1943 – season , the first time in ten years they failed to qualify , but returned to the playoffs the following season , something they did for four more seasons . by 1949 , ross had hired frank boucher as coach , but boucher did not sit well with ross and team president frank adams . wanting to hire a new coach in the summer of 1950 , ross phoned lynn adams , the brother of lester , who had just retired from the new york rangers after leading the rangers to the stanley cup final . lynn had moved his family back to victoria , british columbia , where he grew up as a child , with the intention of coaching the victoria cougars , a team in the junior a pacific coast hockey league . although reluctant to move back to the eastern united states , lynn was hired by bruins after he was offered a salary of $ 12 @ , @ 000 . he would coach the team for the next five seasons and become the second general manager of the bruins when he retired at the end of october 1954 . = = = legacy = = = aside from his career in hockey , ross was interested in improving the game . prior to the start of the 1927 – 28 season , the nhl adopted a new design of goal net designed by ross . with the ball molded into a b @ - @ shape , it was better designed to catch , and the design was used until 1984 , when a new version was adopted . he also changed the design of the net . ross ' net had no ##s , which prevented it bouncing too much , and used synthetic rubber , rather than the natural rubber currently in use . along with new york rangers coach frank boucher , ross helped to create the blue line , which was introduced tohelp speed up the game by improving the ability for teams to pass the puck from the defensive to offensive zone ; until 2006 it was against the rules of hockey to make a red line pass . more scoring problems resulted if teams could not safely pass the puck down the ice with impunity . in order to accurately tell the red line and blue lines where on ice , ross insisted that the red line be striped . recognized during his playing career as one of the best defenders in canada , ross was elected to the hockey hall of fame in 1949 , selected for his playing career rather than his work as an executive . a ceremony for his induction was held prior to a hockey game on october 2 , 1949 , where he was given his hall of fame ring and a silver tray with the names of the six nhl teams on it . in 1975 he was inducted into the canadian sports hall of fame . along with his two sons he donated the art ross trophy to the nhl in 1947 , to be awarded to the leading scorer of the league ' s inaugural season . in 1984 ross was posthumously awarded the lester patrick trophy for services to hockey in the united states . a detailed biography , art ross : the hockey legend who built the bruins by eric zweig was published by dundurn press in sept 2015 . = = personal website = = ross also excelled in baseball , football , lacrosse and horse racing . before he became a hockey player , ross had a career as a bank clerk and owned a sporting @ - @ goods store in montreal . ross then moved to brandon , manitoba , in 1905 at the advice of his doctors so he could get a job with a bank , with a salary of $ 600 per year . he gave that career up when he began playing hockey professionally . he was married to muriel , a native of montreal , and had two sons , art and john . during the second world war , both sons served in the royal canadian air force . after the war ross made his son john the business manager for the bruins . ross was named coach and manager of the boston bruins in 1924 and moved his family to brookline , massachusetts , a suburb of boston , after being drafted . in 1928 , he served as the traveling manager of the boston braves baseball team , which was owned by team owner jack adams . he became a naturalized american citizen on april 1 , 1938 . on january 24 , 1964 , ross died at a nursing home in medford , massachusetts , a suburb of boston , at the age of 79 . a widow , both his sons , and three grandchildren survived him . == playing stats = = = = = regular season and playoffs = = = * playing stats from total hockey = = = coaching stats = = = * playing stats from total hockey = = = = = = = = nhl = = = * stats from legends of hockey