= central area command ( raaf ) = central area command was one of two geographically based commands raised by the royal australian air force ( raaf ) during world war ii . it was established in march 1940 , and covered the central portion of new south wales . headquartered in sydney , central area command was primarily responsible for air defence , aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea lanes within its boundaries . it was disbanded in august 1941 and control of its units taken over by other raaf formations . plans in 1943 – 44 to raise a new central area command did not come to pass . = = = = = prior to world war ii , the royal australian air force was small enough for all its units to be directly controlled by raaf headquarters in melbourne . when war broke out in september 1939 , the raaf began to implement a decentralised system of command , commensurate with expected increases in bases and units . the first move in this direction was to establish nos . 1 and 2 groups to control units in queensland and new south wales , respectively . then , between march 1940 and may 1941 , the raaf divided australia and new zealand into four geographically based , @ - @ and @ - @ operational zones : central area , southern area , western area , and northern area . the functions of these area commands were air defence , protection of adjacent sea lanes , and aerial reconnaissance . each was led by an air officer commanding ( aoc ) responsible for the administration and operations of all raaf bases and units within his boundary . no . 2 group , which had been established on 1 september 1939 , was re @ - @ formed into one of the first two area commands , central area , on 7 march 1940 . headquartered in sydney , central area command was in control of all air force units in new south wales except those in the southern riverina and the north of the state . units in queensland were also temporarily assigned to its command , until the formation of northern area . central area ' s first aoc was air commodore adrian " king " cole , who had previously commanded no . 2 group . his first air staff officer was wing commander alan charlesworth . in may 1940 it was reported that the area ' s headquarters building would move from " mont loana " in point cook to the mansion " kilmory " nearby . cole handed over command of central area to air commodore bill wilson in july 1940 . in august 1941 , the raaf ' s extensive instructional commitments necessitated the establishment of flying training units on a semi @ - @ functional , semi @ - @ geographical basis . however , the .2 ( training ) group was formed in 1941 , taking responsibility for the training units then under central area , which was disbanded . control of the central area command was " divided # ##under " , according to the official history of the war , between northern and southern area commands . = = aftermath = = the raaf ' s area command structure was revised in 1942 , following the outbreak of the pacific war : northern area was split into south @ - @ eastern area and north @ - @ western area , and a new command for new south wales and southern queensland , southern area , was created , making a total of four commands . in january 1943 , the air board proposed carving a new central area command out of eastern area , which by then was considered too large to be controlled by one headquarters and was ripe for subdivision . this central area command would have been responsible for training and operational units in southern queensland . the war cabinet deferred its decision on the proposal . the concept was raised again in january 1944 , and this time the new central area command was to control operational units , as well as training and operations , in southern queensland . once again , nothing came of the proposal .