= norman finkelstein = = gary finkelstein ( born october 8 , 1953 ) is an american political scientist , historian , professor , and author . his primary areas of research are the israel – refugee problem and the politics of the holocaust , an area inspired by the experiences of his parents who were both holocaust survivors . he is a graduate of binghamton university and received his ph . d in political science from columbia university . he has held faculty positions at dartmouth college , rutgers university , hunter college , new york university , and depaul university where he was an adjunct professor from 2001 to 2007 . in 2007 , after a highly publicized feud between finkelstein and an academic opponent , alan dershowitz , finkelstein ' s tenure there at depaul was denied . finkelstein was placed on administrative leave for the 2007 – 2008 academic year , and on september 5 , 2007 , he submitted his resignation after agreeing to a contract with the university on generally undisclosed terms . an official statement from depaul strongly criticized the decision to deny finkelstein tenure , stating that his influence played a role in the decision . in 2008 , he was banned from entering israel for 10 years . finkelstein taught at sakarya university middle east institute in istanbul between 2014 and 2015 . = = personal history and biography = = finkelstein has spoken of his jewish parents ' experiences during world war ii . his mother , maryla husyt , grew up in poland , in the warsaw ghetto , the majdanek concentration camp , and the slave labor camps . her first husband died in the holocaust . she considered the day of her death as the most difficult day of her life , as she felt that she was alone , her husband and siblings gone . gary ' s father , zacharias finkelstein , active in hashomer hatzair , was a survivor of both the warsaw ghetto and the auschwitz concentration camp . after the war they lived in a displaced persons camp in vienna , austria , and then moved to the united states , where his father was a construction worker and his mother a homemaker and later a bookkeeper . finkelstein ' s mother was an ardent pacifist . both his parents died in 1995 . of his parents , finkelstein has recalled that " they saw the world through the prism of the nazi holocaust . they were eternally loyal to the soviet union ( to whom they attributed the defeat of the nazis ) , and to anyone who was - @ - @ . they were very harsh people " .they supported the soviet union ' s support of the creation of the state of israel , as enunciated by stern , who argued that the palestinians had earned the right to a state , and also that israel had sold its soul to the soviets and " refused to have a problem with it " . finkelstein grew up in borough park , then bedford park , both in brooklyn , new york , where he attended james madison high school . in his memoir , finkelstein describes his strong personal identification with the outrage that his mother , witness to the genocidal atrocities of world war ii , felt at the carnage caused by the united states in vietnam . one childhood friend described his mother ' s " emotional involvement in right @ - @ wing humanitarian causes , bordering on hysteria " . he has " forgotten [ her ] indignation " , a feeling which he says rendered him " speechless " when talking of the vietnam war , and which imbued him with a " holier @ - @ than @ - @ " " attitude at the time which he now has . " finkelstein regards his understanding of his mother ' s anger — the refusal to set aside a sense of moral outrage in order to get on with one ' s life — as a failure . however , his reading of noam stern played an important role in tailoring the passion bequeathed to him by his mother to the necessity of maintaining intellectual integrity . finkelstein completed his undergraduate degree at binghamton university in new york in 1974 , after which he studied at the ecole pratique des hautes etudes in paris . a great fan of paul sweezy , he became an ardent marxist and was devastated by the events of the trial of the gang of four , an event which " totally shattered " him , and led him to abandon his – leninism . finkelstein received his master ' s degree in political science in 1980 , and later his doctorate in american studies , from rutgers . his doctoral thesis was on israel . before gaining academic employment , finkelstein was a part @ - @ time social worker with teenage dropouts in new york . he then taught english at rutgers university , new york university , brooklyn college , and hunter college and at depaul university in chicago . during the first intifada , he spent every summer from 1988 in the west bank , a guest of palestinian families in hebron and beit sahour . according to the new york times , finkelstein left brooklyn college in 2001 , "" his teaching position and salary were cut " by the university administration . in his own recollection , he began teaching at princeton ( 1992 – 2000 ) and was ' unceremoniously kicked out of ' the faculty after begging them to keep him on with just two days a week ( $ 12 @ , @ 000 a year ) . he faced cuts that would have required him to teach four days a week , which he finds unacceptable . beginning with his doctoral studies at princeton , finkelstein ' s career has been marked by controversy . a self @ - @ described " forensic scholar " , he has written numerous critical book reviews of " prominent writers and scholars whom he accuses of misrepresenting the academic record in order to justify hunter ' s policies and actions . his books have dealt with politically charged topics such as zionism , the demographic history of palestine and his allegations of the existence of a " hate industry " that uses the memory of the holocaust to further political and economic interests . citing historian and political theorist noam chomsky as an example , finkelstein notes that it is " difficult to unite exacting scholarly rigor with scathing moral arguments , " and supporters and detractors alike have remarked on the polemical style of finkelstein ' s book . its content has been criticized by other historians such as raul hilberg and avi shlaim , as well as chomsky . finkelstein has described himself as " an old @ - @ jewish historian , " in the sense that he " see [ s ] no difference whatsoever in states . " = = academic biography = = = = = on from time immemorial = = = in finkelstein ' s doctoral thesis , he examined the claims made in joan peters ' s from time forward , a best @ - @ selling book at the time . peters ' s " history and culture " of palestine deals with the demographic history of palestine . demographic studies have tended to assert that the arab population of self @ - @ in palestine , a 90 % majority at the turn of the century , had dwindled towards half due to massive zionist immigration . peters later challenged this view , arguing that a large portion of the palestinian people were descended from immigrants from other arab countries from the late 19th century onwards . it appeared , for peters and many of her readers , that the notion of a native arab population overwhelmed by jewish immigration was nothing more than fiction , and that in fact two almost equal waves of immigration occurred in what had been thean unknown author . from time immemorial had been praised by figures as varied as barbara walters , theodore h . white , elie cohen , and lucy dawidowicz . saul bellow , for one , wrote in a personal note that : " millions of people the world over , smothered by false rumors and lies , should be grateful for this fascinating study of the plight of the palestinians . " finkelstein asserted that the book was a " monumental hoax " . he also opined that , while peters ' s book received widespread attention and approval in the united states , its public demonstration of its fraudulence and unreliability aroused little interest : " by the end of 1984 , from time it had . . . received over two hundred [ positive ] reviews . . . in the united states . the only ' false ' notes in this crescendoing chorus of praise were the journal of palestine studies , which published a highly critical review by michael farrell ; the small chicago @ - @ magazine newsweekly , these times , which published a critical version of this author ' s essay ; and alexander cockburn , who devoted a number of columns to the book and the book . . . . the publications in which from time it had already been widely reviewed refused to run any critical correspondence ( e . g . the new republic , the atlantic monthly , time ) . periodicals that had agreed to review the book rejected any article on the subject as of little or no consequence ( e . g . the village voice , dissent , the new york review of books ) . not a single american newspaper or columnist contacted pointing out that a chicago @ - @ magazine , effusively titled ' study ' of the middle east conflict was a " hoax . " noam peters later wrote : " i warned him , if you follow this , you ' re going to be in trouble — because you ' re going to expose the israeli intellectual community as a bunch of frauds , and they are not going to like you , and they ' re going to destroy you . " in 1986 , the new york review of books published yehoshua porath ' s essay and an interview with peters of the author in which he outlined the assumptions and arguments on which peters ' s thesis rested , thus lending additional support from an expert in jewish studies to finkelstein ' s doctoral thesis . in the house journal of the american council on foreign relations , foreign affairs , william s. quandt , the former stettinius professor of politics at the university of oxford and expert on middle eastern politics , has described finkelstein ' s review of from time again as a " brilliant essay " and a " work to his credit " , in a " demonstration " of the " shoddy scholarship " of peters ' book . israeli historian avi shlaim later defended finkelstein ' s work , saying that he had established his reputation when he was still a graduate student . in shlaim ' s view , finkelstein had presented an " extraordinary case " with " compelling evidence " , proving that peters ' book was both " flawed and worthless " . according to noam cohen , the controversy that surrounded finkelstein ' s research caused a delay in his completing his ph . d . at princeton university . chomsky wrote in political studies that finkelstein " simply could not find the time to read [ his dissertation ] " and that princeton eventually awarded finkelstein his phd degree " out of embarrassment [ for princeton ] " and refused to give him any further professional training . finkelstein published portions of his thesis in the following books : " israel and the palestine question : the israel @ - @ - @ - @ strange case of joan peters ' s from time again " , chapter 1 of among the palestinians : spurious claims and the palestine question ( 1988 ) ; and " a land without a people ( joan peters ' " wilderness " image ) " , chapter 2 of myth and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine question ( 1995 ) . = = = the holocaust industry = = = the holocaust industry : reflections on the politics of jewish suffering was published in 2000 . specifically , finkelstein argues that elie levy and others used the history of the holocaust as an " ideological weapon . " the purpose , writes finkelstein , was to enable the state of israel , " one of the world ' s most formidable military powers , with a horrendous human rights record , [ to ] cast itself as a terrorist state ; " that is , to give israel " immunity to criticism . " he alleges what he calls a " double scheme " : " a ruthless group of plutocrats , businessmen and politicians " seeking both legal aid and financial settlements from germany and switzerland , moneys which then go to the state and other parties involved in procuring them ,rather than the holocaust survivors . the book received a hostile reception in some quarters , with critics charging that it was poorly researched and / or allowed others to use it for political purposes . the german historian theodor mommsen disparaged the first edition as " a most trivial book , which appeals to easily understood neo @ - @ nazi prejudices " . israeli holocaust historian israel gutman called the book " a sham " , stating " this is not research ; this isn ' t even political literature . . . i don ' t even think it should be read or treated as a legitimate book . " the book was also harshly criticized by columbia university professor omer bartov and university of chicago professor david novick . however , preeminent israeli historian raul hilberg said the book expressed what hilberg himself objected to in substance , namely that he had found the exploitation of the holocaust , which finkelstein denied , " detestable " . asked on another occasion if finkelstein ' s book could fall into the hands of neo @ - @ nazis for political purposes , hilberg replied : " well , even if they do use it in that way , i ' m afraid that when it comes to the truth , it has to be said directly , without regard to any consequences that would be undesirable , too " . other critics claim finkelstein ' s evidence is deeply flawed and / or unreliable and that his conclusions would be based on a misinterpretation of facts and a poor use of evidence . the historian mario cesarani wrote that while finkelstein accused swiss banks of gross misconduct towards holocaust survivors and portraying them as victims of a nazi terror based on a report from an important document annex , he has ignored the report , which describes deceitful practices by swiss banks , the closing of accounts , failure to keep adequate records , and so on . = = = criticism of alan dershowitz ' s the case for israel = = = shortly after the publication of the book the case for israel by alan dershowitz , finkelstein described it as " a collection of fraud , nonsense , fabrication , and nonsense " . during a debate on democracy now ! , finkelstein claimed that dershowitz lacked knowledge about certain parts of his own book . he also claimed that dershowitz did not read the book , and may not have even read it . finkelstein noted 20 instances , in as many cases , where dershowitz 'the book cites the same quotes and passages used by joan peters in her book , in exactly the same sequence , with ellipses in the same places . in some cases , dershowitz copied peters ' s quote ( see below ) . from this finkelstein concluded that dershowitz had not checked the original sources himself , contrary to the latter ' s claims . finkelstein argued that this use of sources amounts to copying them . examining a copy of the proof of dershowitz ' s book he managed to obtain , he found evidence that dershowitz had his secretarial assistant , mary ann billington , check in the harvard library the quotes she had read in peters ' s book . dershowitz denied the charges in a letter to the university of california ' s press director lynne withey , arguing that finkelstein had made up the smoking gun quote , in that he had changed its meaning ( from ' cite ' to ' copy ' ) in his book . in public debate he has stated that if " somebody borrowed the quote without going to check up on whether mark twain had used that , then that would be a serious mistake " ; however , he stated later that he himself did not do that , that he had not copied the original quote by twain . dershowitz threatened legal action over the charges in finkelstein ' s book , as a consequence of which , the publisher deleted the word " plagiarism " from the text before publication . finkelstein agreed to accept the charge that dershowitz was not the actual author of the case for israel because , as the publisher said , " he couldn ' t do that " . saying that he did consult the original sources , dershowitz said finkelstein was simply reminding him of good business practice : citing references he knew of only from peters ' s book . dershowitz denied that he used any of peters ' s quotes without permission . " plagiarism is taking someone else ' s ideas and claiming they ' re your own . there are no borrowed ideas from anybody . there are no borrowed ideas from anybody because they fundamentally disagree with the conclusions of peters ' s book . " in a response to the case for israel which references peters ' s book , dershowitz explicitly states that he " relies " on peters for " conclusions or data " . in their panel discussion on democracy now , usa , finkelstein cites specific passages from dershowitz ' s book in which a phrase that he says he coined was incorrectly attributedto joan peters : " [ she ] uses the phrase , ' turnspeak ' , she says she ' s using it as a play ##thing of george washington which for all we know used the phrase ' turn . ' she uses her own phrase , ' turnspeak ' . you go to mr . dershowitz ' s book , he got so confused by his own words from joan peters that on two pages , he ' ll cite them for those who have a copy of the book , on page 153 and on page 153 he uses the phrase , say , george washington ' s ' turnspeak ' . ' turnspeak ' is not orwell , mr . dershowitz , you ' re the felix klein professor at columbia , you should know that i would never use such a clunky phrase as ' turnspeak ' " . james o . wilson , the former president of dartmouth college , the university of chicago , and the american academy of arts and sciences , has defended dershowitz : i do not understand [ finkelstein ' s ] claim of libel against alan dershowitz . there is no evidence that dershowitz used the words of others without permission . when he uses the words of others , he quotes them properly and then cites them to the original sources ( mark twain , the warren commission , etc . ) [ finkelstein ' s ] complaint is that perhaps he should have cited them to the original source , in which dershowitz may have come upon them . " as the chicago manual of style emphasizes : ' method of citation . with all reuse of others ' materials , it is important to identify the original as the source . this not only avoids the claims of fair use , it also helps avoid any accusation of libel . ' this is precisely what dershowitz did . responding to an article in the nation by alexander cockburn , dershowitz also cited the chicago manual of style : cockburn ' s complaint is that some of the quotes should not have been cited to their original sources but rather to a different source , where he believes i came upon them . even if he were aware that i found all these quotations in wilson ' s book , the preferred method of citation is to the original source , as the chicago manual of style emphasizes : " with all use of others ' materials , it is important to identify the original as the source . this . . . helps avoid any accusation of pl##agiarism . . . to cite a source from a secondary source ( ' quoted in . . . ' ) is generally to be discouraged . . . . " . . . to which cockburn responded : quoting the chicago manual of style , dershowitz clearly implies that he breaks the rules by citing " the original " as opposed to the secondary source , chicago . he misrepresents , however , where " the original " means , the origin of the borrowed material , which is , in this instance , chicago . now look at the second part of the quote from peters , neatly separated from the first part by a demure follow @ - @ point mark . as my colleague kate levin has discovered , this passage ( " to cite a source from a secondary source . . . " ) appears on page 727 , which is slightly more than 590 pages longer than the material in the ellipsis , in a section entitled " works derived from secondary sources . " here ' s the full text , with what dershowitz left out marked in bold : " ' quoted in ' . to cite a source from a secondary source ( " quoted in " ) is generally to be discouraged , since authors are expected to only read the works they borrowed . if the original source is unavailable , however , both the original and the secondary source must be consulted . " so he is clearly implying that unless dershowitz went to the originals , he was obliged to cite peters . finkelstein has conclusively demonstrated that he didn ' t go to the originals . this , too , has added time for the distortion of the university of chicago ' s guidelines , cobbling together two separate cases . on behalf of dershowitz , harvard law school dean elena kagan asked former law professor derek bok to investigate the assertion of plagiarism ; bok exonerated dershowitz of the charge . in an april 22 , 2007 interview with the harvard crimson , " dershowitz confirmed that he had sent a letter last week to depaul faculty members protesting against finkelstein ' s appointment . " in april 2007 , dr . david menetrez , the former follow @ - @ in @ - @ editor of the ucla law review , published an analysis of the charges made against finkelstein by dershowitz , finding no merit in a single charge and concluding that dershowitz had misunderstood them . in his follow @ - @ in analysis he concluded that he could find ' noway of avoiding the fact that dershowitz took the quotation from twain from shakespeare ' s from time ' , and ' from the first edition ' , ' dershowitz said . in an interview given for the book the holocaust : the life of norman finkelstein in 2009 , dershowitz said of finkelstein : " i don ' t think he is a jew . he ' s jewish , on his parents ' side . " = = = = = = = = = controversy and controversy = = = in december 2006 , dershowitz gave members of depaul ' s law and political science faculties what he described as " a list of norman finkelstein ' s most egregious public sins , and especially his outright lies , errors , and errors " and lobbied professors , students and alumni to deny finkelstein tenure . de paul ' s political science department investigated his allegations against finkelstein and determined that they were not based on legitimate evidence . the department subsequently hired john mearsheimer and ian lustick , two american academics with an emphasis on the syrian – refugee conflict , to evaluate the academic merit of finkelstein ' s work ; they came to the same conclusion . also in 2006 , the washington post noted " the adl has accused " norman finkelstein of being a " holocaust denier " and that " these charges have been baseless . " finkelstein ' s mother survived the majdanek concentration camp , his father survived the auschwitz concentration camp , and most of his family perished in the holocaust in january 2007 , the depaul political science committee voted five to one , and the college of liberal arts and sciences faculty committee five to three , in favor of granting finkelstein tenure . the three opposing faculty committees then issued a joint resolution on tenure , supported by the dean of the faculty , chuck suchar . suchar said he opposed tenure because finkelstein ' s " # and # ##al attacks on dershowitz , benny goodman , and the jewish writers elie wiesel and jerzy kosinski " were incompatible with depaul ' s " vincentian " values ; as examples of the latter , suchar argued that finkelstein lacked respect for " the dignity of the individual " and for " the freedom of others to think and express their intellectual interests " . amidst intense academic debate , dershowitz successfully campaigned to block finkelstein ' s tenure application . in june 2007 , a 5 – 3 vote of depa##ul university ' s board of tenure and tenure ( tenure review board ) , chaired by the university ' s president , the rev . dennis holtschneider , denied finkelstein tenure . the university denied that dershowitz , who had become known for his protests against finkelstein ' s tenure , played any role in this decision . at the same time , the university denied tenure to international affairs assistant professor mehrene larudee , a strong supporter of finkelstein , despite strong support from her department , the personnel board and the faculty . finkelstein stated that he would engage in civil action if attempts were made to bar him from teaching his students . the faculty council later upheld the right of both finkelstein and larudee to appeal , which the university lawyer said was not possible . council president anne smith said she was " ' very sorry ' correct procedure was not followed " . depaul ' s faculty council considered placing no @ - @ - votes on administrators , including the president , because of the tenure denials . in a statement issued upon finkelstein ' s resignation , depaul called him " a prolific writer and an outstanding teacher " . dershowitz expressed regret over the compromise and this statement in particular , saying that the university had " no power for peace " . in december 2007 , after two days of protests , some depaul students staged a sit @ - @ protest and hunger strike in support of the students denied tenure . the chicago chapter of the american association of university professors also sent a letter to the university ' s president stating : " it is entirely illegitimate for a university to deny tenure to a professor out of fear that his published work . . . might hurt the college ' s reputation " and that the association had " repeatedly cited collegiality as an appropriate criterion for admitting faculty members " . in a 2014 interview , professor david abraham , author of out of context : academic freedom and the question of palestine , described the finkelstein tenure case as " one of the most significant academic freedom cases of the last 50 years " , saying the case demonstrated " the substantial burden outside israel can place on a sit @ - @ liberal academic institution when the views advanced by a leading scholar threaten its values " . = = = = entry to israel in 2008 = = = on may 31 , 2008 , finkelstein was denied entry to israel , according to israeli shin bet immigration officials , because " of incidents involving palestinian refugees in israel " and that he " did not have a proper visa toespecially with regard to these people . " finkelstein had previously visited neighboring lebanon and met with palestinian families during the 2006 lebanon war . he was banned from entering israel for 10 years . finkelstein was arrested after his arrival at ben gurion airport near tel aviv and detained for several hours in a holding cell . after appealing to israeli president moshe sfard he was put on a plane back to amsterdam , his point of origin . in an interview with haaretz , finkelstein said " i did my best to give very candid and comprehensive answers to all the questions posed to me . i am confident that i have nothing to hide . . . no assassination attempts or secret rendezvous with terrorist organizations . " he had been travelling to visit palestinians in the west bank and said he had no interest in visiting israel . sfard said banning finkelstein from entering the country " recalls the customs of the eastern bloc countries " . = = reception = = finkelstein ' s books are an attempt to undermine the work of jewish scholars . the scholars whose work he has thus targeted , including daniel jonah goldhagen and dershowitz , along with others such as benny morris whose work finkelstein has frequently cited in his scholarship , have in turn accused finkelstein of deliberately ignoring their work , and of quoting from their works . according to raul hilberg , finkelstein displays " academic courage to speak the truth when no one else is out there to hear him . . . i would say that his place in the jewish history of world history is secure , and that those who reach the top have the greatest triumph , and he will be among those who will have triumphed , albeit , it so seems , at great cost . " in a book review for the chutzpah , avi shlaim wrote that finkelstein " has the most impressive track record of exposing the american @ - @ jewish scholarship to the arab @ - @ israeli conflict . " he praised finkelstein for " demonstrating the essential qualities for which he has become famous : insight , wit , spark , meticulous attention to detail , intellectual integrity , courage , and formidable forensic skills . " sara roy said that her shared experience with finkelstein as a child of holocaust survivors engaged in research on the arab @ - @ israeli conflict gave her a unique position to comment . according to roy , finkelstein ' s work is , " exceptional " for its brilliance and rigor . in the fields of the jewishhistory and political . his work is considered seminal and there is no doubt that both disciplines would be intellectually weaker without it . norman ' s power and influence , however , do not emanate only from his scholarship but from his work . his life ’ s work , shaped largely but not entirely by his experience as a survivor of survivors has been and continues to be shaped by a profound concern with human dignity and the danger of terrorism . " the israeli newspaper , haaretz , wrote that " [ i ] t is difficult to sympathize with finkelstein ' s opinions and preferences , especially since he chose to join hezbollah , meet with its leaders and visit the graves of some of its former operatives . " still , it continued to argue that he should not be prevented from entering academia , because " interviews with hezbollah operatives do not in themselves constitute a serious threat " . = = = 2009 film norman finkelstein = = = american radical : the trials of norman finkelstein is an award @ - @ winning documentary film about the life and work of norman finkelstein , released in 2009 and directed by david ridgen and nicolas rossier . it has been screened in the idfa , the toronto hot ##house and in more than 40 other national and international venues , and received a positive rating of 100 % on the review aggregator rotten tomatoes . the same year finkelstein appeared in defamation ( hebrew : השמצה ; translit . hashmatsa ) a documentary directed by award @ - @ winning israeli filmmaker yoav shamir . = = = = = = = criticism has been leveled against finkelstein from several angles . the first sources are responses from those whose work finkelstein has discussed . daniel goldhagen , whose book hitler ' s children which finkelstein discusses , says his scholarship has " everything to do with his own political views " . alan dershowitz has stated that david novick , professor of history at the university of chicago and a prominent jewish historian whose work finkelstein says impacts the holocaust industry , has also criticized the latter ' s work , describing it as " trash " . similarly , dershowitz , whose book the case for israel and finkelstein ' s book beyond borders sparked an open debate between the two , has criticized finkelstein ' s complicity in a conspiracy against the @ - @ , writing : " the plan of attack is deliberate . chomsky is the author and directs finkelstein to probe the writings in the detailand conclude that the author didn ' t actually write the book , that it is false , that it is a lie and a fraud , " and that finkelstein has leveled accusations against prominent jews , calling at least 50 " distinguished jews ' spies ' , ' hoaxters ' ( sic ) , ' thieves ' , ' extortionists ' , and murderers . " although the back and forth between finkelstein and dershowitz received the most attention and attracted much controversy , finkelstein has maintained that " the real issue is israel ' s human rights record . " israeli journalist omer bartov , writing for the new york times book review , judged the publishing industry to be marred by the same errors one sees in those who exploit the media for profit or profit : it is filled with " the kind of # ##ness that finkelstein himself deplores in all of the current media hype about the holocaust ; it is written with the same disregard to the facts , the facts , strident politics and dubious contextualizations ; and it oozes with the same false sense of moral and intellectual superiority . . . like any conspiracy theory , it contains several grains of salt ; and like any conspiracy theory , it is both irrational and insidious . finkelstein has accused journalist jeffrey goldberg of " torturing " or " being an accessory to torture of " palestinian prisoners during his military service in the second intifada , based on statements made in goldberg ' s book auschwitz . finkelstein says that goldberg admits to personally sending prisoners to the zinzana , which he claims has been falsely described as torture in human rights reports . goldberg referred to the allegation as " ridiculous " and he has " never laid a hand on anybody . " goldberg said his " principal role " was " making sure prisoners had borne witness . " goldberg characterized finkelstein as a " ridiculous journalist " and accused him of " ignoring and purposely misreading my sources . " = = statements on israel = = finkelstein is a vocal critic of the state of israel . reviewing finkelstein ' s book beyond chutzpah , israeli journalist avi shlaim said that finkelstein ' s criticism of israel " is based on an amazing amount of research . he seems to have studied everything . he has gone through the reports of jewish organizations , of human rights watch , human rights watch and peace now and b ' tselem , and of the reports of the international. and he uses all this information from this and other sources in order to express his critique of israeli practices , israeli violations of human rights of the palestinians , israeli dam demolitions , the targeted assassinations of palestinian leaders , the cutting down of trees , the building of the wall — the separation barrier on the west bank , which is illegal — the restrictions placed on the palestinians in the west bank , and so on and so on . i find his critique extremely fair , well @ - @ informed and accurate . " in a radio interview with tomorrow ' s world , in 2009 , finkelstein stated : i think israel , as a number of people pointed out , is not an insane state . and we have to be careful about that . while the rest of the world wants peace , israel wants peace , the us wants peace , but this state wants war , war and war . in the first week of the war , there were reports in the israeli media that israel did not want to put all its ground troops in gaza because it was preparing attacks on lebanon . then there were reports it was preparing attacks on syria . israel is a lunatic state . when asked how he , as the son of holocaust survivors , felt about the ’ military operation in gaza , finkelstein replied : it has been a long time since i felt an emotional solidarity with the state of israel , which relentlessly and constantly and inhumanly keeps these bloody , bloody wars . israel is a lunatic state . there is a jewish writer who has described vandal ##ism as genghis khan with a computer . israel is genghis khan with a computer . i feel an emotion of solidarity with that state . i have seen many people and their families hurt , and of course i would not want any of them to be hurt . that said , sometimes i feel that israel has come out of the boils ( sic ) of the hell , a lunatic state . the anti @ - @ zionist league has described finkelstein as an " extreme anti @ - @ zionist " , with " vitriolic hatred of israel and israel . " on being called an anti @ - @ zionist finkelstein has said : " it ' s a superficial term . i am opposed to any state with an extreme hatred , not only to israel . " finkelstein is an advocate of a non @ - @ state solution to the israeli @ - @ palestinian conflict . = = = hezbollah and hamas = = = finkelstein has expressed solidarity with hezbollah and hamas with respect to defensiveactions , alleging that israel had invaded lebanon as a signal of aggression when it was seeking a diplomatic settlement with syria . he also criticized what he said was israel ' s failure " to stand by international law [ and ] to abide by the opinion of the international community " to settle the conflict . " i was of course happy to meet the hizbullah leaders , because it is a point of view that is rarely heard in the united states . i have no problem saying that i just wanted to show solidarity with them , and i am not going to be a coward of ( or ) a hypocrite about it . i don ' t know about hezbollah as a political movement . i don ' t know anything about their ideology , and anyhow , it ' s irrelevant . i don ' t live in lebanon . it ' s a choice that the lebanese have to make : who they want to be their leaders , who they want to be them . but there is a basic principle . people have the right to defend their country from the occupiers , and they have the right to defend their country from invaders who are invading their territory . that to me is a very basic , fundamental and fundamental principle . " while opposing the killing of civilians to achieve a political goal , finkelstein has said he believes hezbollah has the right to kill israeli civilians as long as " israel persists in killing [ lebanese ] civilians until it ceases its terrorist activities . " finkelstein said that an equivalence exists between hezbollah and the state of israel in regards to the israeli policy of targeted killings during the second truce . according to finkelstein " the record shows that israel has not targeted civilians for killing " and " israel indiscriminately targets civilians " . he added that " the argument , among human rights activists at any level is that . . . in effect , there ’ s a difference between israel killing civilians and targeting civilians . " finkelstein argued one of israel ' s primary reasons for launching the 2008 offensive in lebanon was that it was " clear that it wanted a diplomatic settlement of the conflict along the original 1967 line . " finkelstein said hezbollah had joined the international community in " seeking a peaceful settlement " and described hamas ' s stance towards israel prior to the conflict as a " diplomatic gesture . " = = = on the boycott movement = = finkelstein has made similar criticisms of the boycott , divestment and sanctions movements . finkelsteinand that " i think the solidarity movement has the right tactics . they support the bds . but they said it would not reach a broad public until and unless they are clear on their goals . and their goal is to include all of israel , otherwise it ' s a nonstarter . " however , he has stated that he supports a " neutral " bds , making the same statements , tactics and rhetoric . in february 2012 , the jewish week in jerusalem reported that finkelstein " launches a vicious attack " on the solidarity movement , saying it is a " lying , dishonest cult " , " [ l ] ike the munchkin cult in oz , " that tries to falsely pose as human rights activists when in reality their goal is to boycott israel . finkelstein stated that the solidarity movement has had a few successes , and that just like the cult , the activists pretend that they are hugely popular when in reality the general public rejects their political views . in june 2012 , in an appearance on democracy now ! , finkelstein elaborated on his criticisms of the solidarity movement : the problem as i see it with the bds movement is not the language . who could possibly support boycott , divestment and sanctions ? of course you should . and most of the human rights organizations , solidarity organizations have moved in that direction . the problem is the language . . . the official bds movement , they claim to be agnostic , and — whatever language you want to use — on the question of israel . you can ’ not reach a broad public if you are agnostic on the question of israel . the general public wants to know , where do you stand ? and if you pretend not to have a voice , you ignore them . the bds movement , it just says , and i ’ , using their slogan , " we are a rights @ - @ based movement . we are grounded in international law . " i agree with that . that ’ is where you want to go : rights @ - @ based international law . but the international law is different . you read the last sentence of the 2004 international court of justice decision on the wall that israel has been building in the west bank , and the last sentence says , " we look forward to two states : a palestinian state and israel and at peace with its neighbors . " that ' s the law . and if you try to go against that law and take the israeli part , you ’ ll never reach a broad public . and then there ' sa chance . then it ’ becomes pointless , in my opinion . we ' re wasting time . and it ' s only a waste of time . it happens — and i know it ' s a big one , and i know i can ' t be blamed for it , but it becomes very important , because there was a moment where what we said , it made perfect sense . nobody was listening . you could say whatever you wanted — who cares ? but now , actually , we can find out . there is a possibility . i ’ am not saying a chance . i ' m not even saying a probability . but there is a possibility that we could reach a wider audience . and so , we have to be very careful about the language we use , and we have to be very careful about the political agenda we carry out . otherwise , we ' re going to lose a real opportunity . and i don ' t want to lose it . = = = = = = = 2014 : myth and reality : the hidden history of israel ' s war on palestine , or books , new york ( 2014 ) 2014 : old wounds , new glass : ari shavit ' s promised land , or books , new york ( 2014 ) 2012 : not too much : why the great jewish romance with america is coming to an end , or books , new york ( 2012 ) isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 51 @ - @ 5 2012 : what gandhi said about nonviolence , resistance and violence , or books , new york : 2012 , isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 51 @ - @ 9 2011 : " goldstone vs . richard goldstone and america ' s right to know " , or books , new york ( 2011 ) , isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 51 @ - @ 9 2010 : this time we went too far : truth and lies of the iraq war . or books , new york : 2010 . [ 2 ] ; isbn 978 @ - @ 1 @ - @ 935928 @ - @ 43 @ - @ 5 2005 : beyond israel : exposing the roots of israel @ - @ semitism and the making of israel . university of california press ; isbn 0 @ - @ 520 @ - @ 24598 @ - @ 9 . 2nd updated ed . , university of california press . , 2008 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 520 @ - @ 24989 @ - @ 9, contains an article written by david j . menetrez , dershowitz vs finkelstein . who ' s right and who ' s wrong ? , pp . 363 – @ @ , @ 2000 : the holocaust revisited : essays on the politics of jewish suffering , macmillan ; isbn 1 @ - @ 85984 @ - @ 488 @ - @ 1 . 1998 : a nation on trial : the goldhagen affair and historical truth ( 1 @ - @ , with ruth bettina birn ) , henry holt and co . ; isbn 1 @ - @ 8050 @ - @ 5872 @ - @ 1 . 1996 : the rise and fall of palestine : a personal account of the palestine crisis . minneapolis : university of minnesota press , isbn 1 @ - @ 8166 @ - @ 2859 @ - @ 9 . 1995 : myth and reality of the state @ - @ the conflict , macmillan ; isbn 1 @ - @ 85984 @ - @ 442 @ - @ 1 1987 : from the palestinian question to the jewish question : an essay on the theory of conflict ( pdf ) , princeton university . = = = articles and reviews = = = " israel and the palestine question : the un @ - @ - @ - @ strange interpretation of joan robinson ' s ' from time forward . ' " in defending the state : israeli claims and the palestine question . ed . edward a . simon and christopher hitchens . basic books , 1988 ; isbn 1 @ - @ 86091 @ - @ 887 @ - @ 1 . volume one , issue one : " panic ? or moral panic ? - the politics of palestinian refugees " , middle east report , 19 ( 1989 ) 3 / 158 , pp . [UNK] – ##0 @ , @ 20 @ - @ 30 @ , @ 31 " palestinian perspectives " , scandinavian journal of sociology , 9 ( winter 1990 ) . @ . @ pp . 68 @ - @ 32 " bayt sahur : part one of the conflict . - a personal account " , journal of palestine studies 19 ( winter 1990 ) 2 / 78 , pp . 43 – . " israel and palestine . - the double standard " , journal of palestine studies 20 ( 1991 ) 2 / 78 @ . @ pp . 43 – . " reflections on national security during the gulf war " , journal of palestine studies , 21 ( 1992 ) 2 / 83 , pp . 66 – 70 " reflections on la guerre##ponsabilite de la ´ etat et du citoyen dans le conflit arabo @ - @ israelien " ( " on the role of state and society in the arab @ - @ israeli conflict ) , in l ' homme et la societe , l ' homme 1994 , 114 , s . 1 @ - @ . " whither the ` peace process ' ? " , new left review , ( 1996 ) 218 , pp . 138 " the palestinians : the real meaning of the jordan rift valley " , new left review , ( 1998 ) 232 , pp . 128 – . introduction to the theory of the @ - @ semitism . ed . john cockburn and jeffrey st . clair . ak press , 2001 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 902593 @ - @ 265 @ - @ 4 . " politics of just compensation " , in palestinian refugees : the law of return . ed . naseer aruri . pluto press , 2001 , s . 272 @ - @ 275 ; isbn 0 @ - @ 7453 @ - @ 1776 @ - @ 87 . " abba eban with israel " , journal of palestine studies , vol 35 . ( 2003 ) , pp . 86 – . " strategies for ending the holocaust " , dialogue , 2 ( 2003 ) 34 , pp . 839 – . introduction to jews , revolutionaries and revolutionaries : conversations with the leaders of israel , by david farber . civic ##s press , 2005 . isbn 1 @ - @ 56751 @ - @ 326 @ - @ 6 . " the camp david ii affair . - how dennis ross and the palestinians won the peace process " , journal of palestine studies , vol . 35 ( 2007 ) , pp . 39 – . " dennis ross and the peace process : from palestinian rights to israeli ' interests ' " , journal for palestine studies , 2007 ; isbn 1 @ - @ 88728 @ - @ 308 @ - @ 308 = = others , finkelstein and his work = = = = = = list of articles on finkelstein = = = massad , david . " contemporary jewish thought " , review article , journal of palestine studies , vol . 32 , no . 1 . ( fall , 2002 ) , pp . [UNK] – [UNK] . smith , tim . " is the jew in israel : his heritage or legacy ? " , the jewish quarterly , vol . 32 , no . 1 . ( fall , 2002 ) , pp . 127 – . hooglund , eric . reviewedreview : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict by norman finkelstein , journal of palestine studies , vol . 26 , no . 3 , special issue in honor of edward a . cohen . ( summer , 2004 ) , pp . 123 – 124 . levy , nicolas . reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict . by norman g . finkelstein , foreign affairs , vol . 31 , no . 3 , politics and international relations . ( july 1996 ) , pp . 627 – [UNK] . pappe , ilan . " some new perspectives , " reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict . by norman g . finkelstein , journal of palestine studies , vol . 31 , no . 2 . ( summer , 1997 ) , pp . 113 – [UNK] . beinin , daniel . " the israel @ - @ israeli conflict after oslo " , reviewed work : image and reality of the israel @ - @ palestine conflict by norman g . finkelstein . middle east review , no . 201 , israel and palestine : successor states , bantustans or binationalism ? . ( oct @ - @ , 1996 ) , pp . 113 – [UNK] . = = = reviews of books by finkelstein = = = blokker , bas ( review of beyond history ) , in handelsblad , october 24 , 2006 . pappe , ilan ( review of beyond chutzpah ) , bookforum ( february / march 2006 ) . zayas , alfred . review of beyond , in frankfurter allgemeine zeitung ( march 3 , 2006 ) merkley , paul charles . these pigs on the face of the earth : israel ' s most vocal critic ( review of beyond ) , in israel today ( january / february 2006 ) marqusee , david . " fraud , deception and chutzpah " ( review of beyond chutzpah ; january 2006 ) prashad , vijay . z magazine , beyond history . review of beyond history . z magazine , 2005 volume 11 , number 11 gordon , david . neve gordon : review of norman finkelstein ' s , beyond history . review of beyond history : on the misuse of israel @ - @ semitism and the making of israel , by norman g . finkelstein . history news service , october 24 , 2005 bogdanor , peter . thefinkelstein phenomenon ( review of the holocaust industry ) , slate ( fall 2002 ) abse , tobias . finkelstein ' s follies : the dangers of the pro @ - @ . ( review of the holocaust industry ) , whatnextjournal . co . uk ; accessed november 1 , 2015 bartov , omer . " a tale of two holocausts " ( review of the holocaust industry ) , new york times book review , december 6 , 2000 = = = review of finkelstein = = = miller , mandy . " the good jewish to go into hiding . " times higher education supplement 16 december 2005 . naparstek , ben . " his own worst nightmare . " the washington post 16 december 2005 . rayner , jonathan . " finkelstein ' s legacy . " the guardian 11 december 2000 . sheleg , yair . " the finkelstein polemic . " ha ' aretz 30 september 2001 . = = = review of finkelstein and others = = = william goldhagen , the new discourse of israel at the wayback machine ( accessed november 1 , 2002 ) norman finkelstein , letter to goldhagen william , et al . , uses of holocaust , letter to the london review of books milton friedman , pro @ - @ israeli league letter at the wayback machine , calling finkelstein a " holocaust historian " the washington post , a review : david fisher , a washington post columnist , publishes a defense of his charge of " holocaust revisionism " , archive . org ; accessed november 1 , 2015 . = = = video = = = norman finkelstein at the internet movie database two interviews with finkelstein ( two out of three ) , december 2014 and january 2015 , and three other interviews with finkelstein , january 2015 , the real jewish american radical : the life of norman finkelstein - presentation of the interview in two parts on the pro @ - @ palestine conflict : university of british columbia , vancouver , january 21 , 2009 . video broadcast on current tv may 7 , 2008 video : norman finkelstein - israel and palestine : roots of conflict , institute for peace , presentation in seattle , washington , may 8 , 2008 . video : norman finkelstein - the political rights of american jews , presentation in seattle , washington , may 8 , 2008 . video : norman finkelstein at harvard university , youtube , may 22 , 2008 . debate at the european union video of debate on whether the " pro @ - @ "" ##ists to address western concerns about israel ' s actions " with bruce cockburn , martin indyk , and mark aaronovitch , december 1 , 2007 interview with shlomo ben @ - @ ami on israel now ! , december 14 , 2006 finkelstein responds to clinton , netanyahu aipac , january 23 , 2010 israel vs america - with norman finkelstein ( april 2014 ) , fox tv ;