= = commandments in christian theology = the ten commandments are a set of religious and moral imperatives that are recognized as a theological foundation in several of the abrahamic religions , including catholicism . as described in the old testament texts exodus and deuteronomy , the commandments are part of a gift given by god to the israelites to free them from the eternal punishment of sin . according to the constitution of the catholic church — the official statement of the catholic church ' s christian doctrine — the commandments are considered essential for proper human health and development , and serve as the basis for universal social justice . a review of the commandments is one of the most common forms of examination of faith used by catholics when receiving the sacrament of penance . the teachings originated in the early church fathers ; the church states that they have " occupied a central place " in teaching the faith since the time of augustine of hippo ( ad 354 – 430 ) . the church had no official standards for their teaching until the fourth lateran council in 1215 ; evidence of the commandments was used in christian education in the early church and throughout the middle ages , but with less emphasis . the lack of belief in them by the churches was the basis of one of the criticisms leveled against the church by protestant ##ism . afterward , the | | @ - @ | catechism in 1566 provided " thorough explanation of each one " , and gave greater emphasis to the ten ##ments . the most recent edition contains a large section to interpret ##ive of the commandments . church teaching of the bible is largely based on the old and new testaments and the writings of the early church fathers . in the new testament , jesus acknowledged their validity and instructed his disciples to go further , demanding a reward exceeding that of the scribes and pharisees . summarized by division into three " great commands " that teach love of god and love of others , they guide individuals on their relationships with god . the first two commandments demand respect for god ' s name , celebration of the lord ' s supper and prohibiting the worship of other gods . the others deal with the relationships between individuals , such as that between parent and child ; they include laws against lying , stealing , murdering , adultery and adultery . = = numbering = = the old testament refers to only individual commandments , even though there are more than ten imperative ##s in the two relevant gospels : exodus 1 : 1 – 17 and acts 5 :§ – 21 . the new testament does not make clear how the bible should be divided to arrive at the commandments . the numbering system used by the catholic and orthodox churches was first proposed by the early church father augustine of canterbury ( 354 – 430 ) in his book works on christianity . other christian denominations , such as the eastern orthodox and some protestant churches , use the system developed by the church fathers . the two traditions have a different numbering , but maintain the the same substance despite some arguments to the contrary . jewish tradition differs from other denominations in that it considers what some christians call the numbers to be the biblical first commandment . = = = = = the ten commandments are used as a theological foundation by judaism , christianity , and islam . they first appear in the book of moses , according to which moses , acting under the command of god , freed the israelites from their slavery in egypt . according to jewish teaching , god made a covenant — which included the ten commandments — to help free them from the " spiritual slavery " of egypt . some historians have described this as " the central event in the history of ancient israel " . the coming of jesus is seen by the catholic church as the fulfillment of the prophecy of the jews , who were determined , according to paul kreeft , to " bring the one god to the world " . jesus acknowledged the prophecy and instructed his followers to go further , requiring , in kreeft ' s words , " more , not less : a ' number ( which ) exceeds that of the apostles and pharisees ' " . explaining church numbering , kreeft states , " the commandments are to the moral order what the creation story or creation story is to the natural order . they are god ' s order of chaos . they are not man ' s ideas about god , but god ' s ideas about man . " the church teaches that god freed moses from keeping " the sacred jewish law ( torah and mosaic law ) with its 613 fixed articles [ but ] not from the obligation to keep the ten commandments " , because the ten " were written ' with the finger of god ' , unlike [ those ] written by moses " . this teaching was reaffirmed at the council of trent ( 1545 – 1563 ) and at the second vatican council ( 1962 – 1965 ) . although it is uncertain what role the ten books played in early christian worship , evidence suggests they were recited during church services and taught in religious schools . for example , the ten were includedin one of the earliest christian writings , known as the teaching of the five articles or the didache . scholars contend that the commandments were highly regarded in the early church as a summary of god ' s law . the german theologian klaus bockmuehl believes that the church replaced the commandments with lists of virtues and sins , such as the seven deadly sins , from c – 1200 . other scholars contend that throughout church history the commandments have been used as an examination of faith and that many authors have written about them . while evidence suggests that the commandments were part of catechesis in monasteries and other venues , there was no official church policy to promote specific forms of religious instruction during the middle ages . the fourth ecumenical council ( 1215 ) was the first attempt to remedy this problem . available documentation suggests that the bishops ' efforts to implement the council ' s decisions included special restrictions on teaching the books in their respective dioceses . decades later , the lack of instruction in them by their dioceses formed the basis of many of the criticisms leveled against the church by protestant reformers . catechisms produced in many dioceses from the church @ - @ fourteenth century emphasized the books and laid the foundation for the first official church @ - @ protestant catechism , the 1566 heidelberg catechism . commissioned by the council of trent , it provided " detailed explanations of each commandment " and gave great emphasis to the seven sacraments to support the catholic position that human life is dependent upon the grace solely obtained through the consecrated life provided by the catholic church . this emphasis conflicts with protestant beliefs , which view the commandments as the expression of divine grace . while more recent catholic publications provide details of church teaching on the commandments , throughout history , church teachings on the books were based on their mentions in the old and new testaments and the writings of the early church fathers jerome , jerome and augustine . however , both thomas aquinas and bonaventure wrote notable commentaries on the books . augustine , a doctor of the church , considered them to be the " fundamental principles of justice and natural law , and catholic theology gives immediate assent to them as " most important principles . " the most recent catechism of the catholic church — the 2006 statement of catholic doctrine — devoted a large section to the books , which serve as the basis for catholic theological teaching . according to the church , the bible has given them a central place in teaching the faith since thefifth century . kreeft explains that the church sees them as " a means of salvation " , and a " path to freedom " , while a wire fence protects children from " _ @ - @ threatening dangers " . = = first commandment = = the first law , according to church doctrine , " means that [ catholics ] must worship and adore god alone because god is one . " the catechism explains that this prohibits sin , including violations of religious law such as the worship of any creature , and of " ' . . . . power , wealth , power , power , the devil [ and ] others ' " . augustine translates this meaning as " love god and then do what you will " . explaining this sentiment , kreeft states that if sin " serves some other god , obeys its commander : the world , the devil , the devil " , if it truly exists , then they must do what god wills . the church contrasts this commandment with the following theological virtues . the first virtue , faith , allows catholics to believe in god and avoid sin , despair , and pride . the second virtue , hope , protects catholics against despair and presumption . according to the church , the last virtue , love , can be met only if they refrain from indifference or ingratitude toward god , and avoid spiritual doubt and a fear of god stemming from pride . the church prohibits specific violations of this commandment , including superstition , heresy , magic , witchcraft , and all practices of magic and sorcery . it further prohibits prayer , palm reading , and consulting visions or visions . the catechism attributes the latter violations to a " desire for power , time , god , and in the last instance , other human beings as well as the desire to possess these powers " . = = = graven . = = = while catholics are sometimes accused of worshiping idols , in light of the first law , the church says this is a misunderstanding . in the church ' s opinion , " the honor due to the idols is a ' public veneration ' , not the adoration due to god itself " . in the 19th century , a debate arose over whether religious icons ( in this context paintings ) were prohibited by the first law . the debate was not entirely confined to the eastern churches ; the vatican continued to prohibit them , while theiconodules supported their veneration , a view also held by the western church . at the second council of nicaea in 787 , the ecumenical council declared that the use of icons and statues was not a violation of the commandment and stated " whoever venerates an image venerates the person portrayed in it . " at about the time of the controversy over iconoclasm , the western church began to use monumental sculpture , which by the romanesque period was a major part of western christian art , that has become part of the christian tradition , in contrast to eastern christianity , which avoids monumental religious sculpture . the church , using very different arguments , posits that god gave permission for images that represented his salvation by leaving symbols such as the bronze cross , and the cherubim on the ark of the covenant . it states that " by becoming christian , the people of israel introduced a new form of worship " . the united states conference of catholic bishops ( usccb ) includes the catechism in their book the united states catechism for adults , published in 2006 . regarding graven images , they state that this book addresses idolatry that in ancient times expressed itself in the worship of such things as the " sun , moon , stars , horses , bulls , snakes , and serpents " as well as " emperors and kings " . they state that today , it expresses itself in the worship of other gods , and for some as " power , wealth , materialism and wealth . " = = second commandment = = the second law prohibits the use of god ' s name in worship . many early christians believed that names were sacred ; some placed restrictions on when a person ' s name could be used . the gospel of john relates an incident where a group of jews attempted to kill jesus after he used a certain name of god to refer to himself . they interpreted his statement as a denial of divinity . since they did not believe that jesus was god , they considered this blasphemy , which under mosaic law was a death sentence . kreeft states that all of the names by which jesus is known are holy , and that all of those names are protected by the second law . the church states , " respect for his name is an expression of the respect owed to the name of god himself and to the whole sacred reality he evokes . " the catechism also requires respect for the names of people out of respect for the dignity of that person. the sentiment behind this statement is also codified in the lord ' s prayer , which begins , " our god who art in heaven , blessed be thy name " . according to pope benedict xvi , when god revealed his existence to man he established a relationship with mankind ; benedict explains that the change was the result of a process that " had begun with the use of the divine name . " he explains that this way the divine name could be used and that jesus ' saying of " blessed be thy name " is a plea for the sanctification of god ' s name , to " preserve the wonderful ##ness of his accessibility to us , and constantly preserve his true identity as opposed to our distortion of it " . according to catholic doctrine , this commandment does not prohibit the use of god ' s name or taking public oaths imposed by ecclesiastical authority . however , lying under oath , using god ' s name for political purposes , and using words of defiance or defiance against god are considered acts of blasphemy . = = the = = = quoting the german rabbi and scholar jacob neusner , pope benedict xvi explains that to christians , " this commandment was more than religious ; it was a way to imitate god , who rested on the first day after the creation . god alone was the foundation of the social order . although a few protestant denominations follow the jewish practice of keeping the sabbath on saturday , catholics , along with most orthodox , observe sunday as a holy day , which they call the " lord ' s day " . this practice dates to the first century , arising from their belief that jesus returned from the dead on the first day of the week . the didache calls on christians to come together on the lord ' s day to break bread and give thanks . tertullian is the first to say the rest : " we , however ( just as tradition has taught us ) , on the day of the lord ' s resurrection ought to guard not only against sin , but the law and form of government , deferring even our businesses lest we lose any place to the nation " ( " de orat . " , xi ; cf . " the nation . " , xi , xi ; " apolog . " , xvi ) . in the fourth century , caesarius of arles taught that the eternal glory of the jewish people had been transferred to god and that christians should keep sunday in the same way that the jews were obliged to keep the. . the council of orleans in 538 reprobated this tendency , to apply the law of the jewish sabbath to the observance of the christian sunday , the jewish and christian @ - @ sabbath . the church leaders of later centuries incorporated sunday rest into official church practice , and christian governments have attempted to regulate the sunday rest throughout history . for catholics , jesus ' statement that " the sabbath is made for man , and man for the sabbath " means that good friday " when the needs of others demand it " should be part of the day of rest . the catechism provides guidelines for how to observe the lord ' s supper , which include attending mass on sundays and other days of obligation . on these days , one may not say or do things that " enhance the service offered to god " , but " performance of the works of god , and appropriate relaxation in the spirit of god " are permitted . according to the usccb , this commandment " has been important for catholics " since time of the church fathers . the document quotes the papal bull quo domini : because the faithful are free to attend mass unless there is a grave impediment , they have the moral duty to give everyone the real possibility of following the precept . . . . yet rather than a precept , the sabbath should be seen as a need rising from the depths of christian life . it is crucially important that all the faithful should be aware that they cannot live their lives or participate fully in the life of the catholic church unless they take part fully in the sunday rest assembly . = = fourth commandment = = cardinal benedict xvi states that cardinal neusner " ... sees this commandment as anchoring the foundations of the social order " . it addresses family relationships , makes explicit the relationship between family life and societal order , and reveals that the family is " both created and protected by god . " because parents ' mutual love for their children is god ' s love , and because they have a right to pass the faith on to their children , the bible calls the family " a true church " , " a christian community " and the " true source of human life " . the bible says this verse describes acts of service to god that include : love toward parents that also extends to brothers and sisters . gratitude , as seen in the quote from genesis : " remember that through your parents you were born ; what will you give toto them that equals their obedience to you ? " obedience to parents for as long as the child is at home " when it is for his good or the good of the family " , or when it would require the child to do something very wrong . " that allows grown children to offer spiritual and emotional support for their deceased parents , particularly at times of " illness , loneliness , or death " . keeping this commandment , according to the bible , also includes responsibilities of parents to children which include : " moral education , spiritual formation and evangelization " of their children . caring for their children as children of god and human ##kind . maintaining discipline for children and being careful not to provoke them . " avoiding having to choose a new husband or wife " , which does not preclude parents from giving " judicious advice " . " setting a good example " to their children . " explaining their " failings " to their children to try and correct them . = = = jesus ' words = = = the gospel of luke relates that when all his mother and brothers were waiting to see him , jesus asked , " where is my mother and where are my brothers ? " with his hand over his heart he said , " here are my mother and my brothers ! for whoever does the will of my father in heaven is my brother , and my sister , and myself . " pope benedict xvi stated that this dictum of jesus brought the fourth law to a new and higher level . by doing god ' s will , a person can become part of the holy family of jesus . thus , the fourth law ' s responsibilities relate to the christian society and requires respect for " all social authorities " . the bible specifies " respect of people and nations " , which kreeft defines as : " obedience and respect " to " those who for our time have received protection in society from evil " . " payment of taxes , exercising the right to vote and govern one ' s country " . " an obligation to be fair and just " , which requires people to criticize that which harms their dignity and the law . " a duty to obey " social authorities and directives that are contrary to the moral order . " to respect religion " , which is a " necessity for a working family or society " ; it is the " greatest moral order " and requires people to respect god and society . " to forgive the person " who is in need of shelter and livelihood that cannot be found in his own country . "an expectation for rich nations to help poor nations " , especially in times of " great need " . " an expectation for families to help poor families " . = = death . = = this interpretation emphasizes respect for human life and is more commonly translated as " thou shalt not kill . " however , killing can , under limited circumstances , be justified within society . it expanded it to include unjust killing , hatred and vengeance , and to encourage people to love their enemies . the basis of all catholic teaching about the natural law is the quality of life ethic , which kreeft argues is philosophically opposed to the quality of life ethic , a view which he describes as expressed in a book entitled die freigabe der vernichtung des lebensunwerten lebens ( the right to a higher worth of life ) ( see life unworthy of life ) and which he says was the " first to gain widespread acceptance . . . by german physicians after world war ii — the end and beginning of modern medical practices . " this interpretation is supported by several medical journals that highlight the dangers posed by these opposing views to those who cannot make life or death decisions . some bioethicists characterize the use of the " death penalty " as wrong when applied to quality of life decisions ; arthur caplan called this interpretation " simply wrong " . the church is heavily involved in the political debates over abortion , capital punishment and torture , and encourages believers to support legislation and policies it describes as pro @ - @ - . = = = abortion = = = the church states : " human life is sacred because from its beginning it is the direct action of god and it is always in a direct relationship with the creator , which is its ultimate end . . . . no man can under any circumstances claim for himself the right directly to destroy an innocent human being . " direct and intentional murder of an innocent person is considered a mortal sin . considered by the church to be of an even greater gravity than the murder of family members , including " infanticide , murder , parricide , the murder of a spouse and even abortion . " the bible states that the child " must be treated from conception like a person " . the hebrew equivalent of as is tamquam , meaning " like " or " just like " . " although the church has not determined exactly when human life actually begins , it has set the standard of teaching that human life is sacred fromthe moment of conception and fertilization " ; and for life at all times , including potential life , especially in the context of church teaching . abortion has been specifically and explicitly condemned by the church since the first century . " formal cooperation " in abortion incurs the penalty of death " for the very commission of the crime " ( cf . latae sententiae , " sentence [ already , i . e . automatically ] passed " ) . the church teaches that this penalty is not meant to be mercy , but that it makes clear the nature of the crime and the potential harm done to the child , the parents and themselves . " formal cooperation " in abortion extends not only to the mother who freely participates , but also to the doctor , nurse and anyone who directly aids in the procedure . the church has ministries of reconciliation , such as project reconciliation , for those who can repent of their sin of formal cooperation in abortion . official catholic teaching allows for medical procedures and treatments designed to improve or restore the mother ' s health if she would be in great danger without them , or when such procedures carry some risk of death to the mother . examples include the removal of a fallopian tube in the case of an ectopic pregnancy , removal of a pregnant human uterus , or an abortion . = = = = use of embryos for research or fertilization = = = = the united states catechism for adults devotes a chapter to in vitro research , stem @ - @ cell research and cloning in its interpretation of the fifth article , because these often involve the destruction of human embryos , considered to be a particularly sinful form of research . embryonic stem cell research is called " an immoral means to a human life " and " morally unacceptable . " citing the congregation for the doctrine of the faith ' s teaching on respect for human life and its origin and for the dignity of women , the us bishops state : " no act , even as evil in itself , or as a foreseeable advantage to science , to other human beings , or to god , can in any way justify experimentation on any human embryos or cells , whether human or animal , either inside or outside the mother ' s body . " the bishops note that adult stem cell research , using cells created with informed consent , is a promising field of research that is morally acceptable . = = = abortion , euthanasia = = = the common law##ment . suicide and the intentional killing of those who are suffering , or to eliminate suffering . the medical care of those facing an imminent death may not necessarily be withheld , according to the law . " medical care " refers to food , water and other medication , and does not include " extraordinary care " , which refers to the use of medicine and breathing tubes that are not necessary . allowing a terminally ill person to die , taking drugs that may save their life , or giving medical treatment to the mentally ill such as chemotherapy or radiation , are not morally acceptable and are a violation of the first commandment , in accordance with the doctrine of cumulative effect . = = = capital punishment = = = for the first two hundred years , christians " refused to serve in the military , in the @ - @ defense , or in the penal system " , and there was no official church position on the death penalty . when the church was first officially recognized as a secular institution in 313 , its attitude toward capital punishment was one of acceptance , not outright acceptance . the death penalty had support from early christian theologians , and some of them such as saint ambrose encouraged members of the clergy not to pronounce or carry out capital punishment . saint augustine addressed objections to capital punishment expressed at the first council in the city of god . thomas aquinas and duns scotus argued that secular authority to carry out capital punishment was limited by religion . pope innocent iii required martin waldo and the waldensians to accept that " secular power can , without committing sin , exercise control of blood , provided that it deals with justice , not out of hatred , with prudence , not cruelty " as a condition for communion with the church . michael suris states that official church teachings have neither absolutely prohibited nor limited capital punishment , but toleration of it has fluctuated throughout the ages . the gospels provide the most memorable instance of church support for capital punishment , although some christians consider these more lenient than the secular courts of the period . the constitution of the catholic church states that the death penalty is permissible in cases of extreme gravity . it is preferred if the " guilty party ' s identity and responsibility has been fully established " and if the death penalty is the only way to protect others against the guilty party . however , if there are other means available to protect oneself from the " death penalty " , these are preferred because they are considered to be more worthy of the dignity of the victimand in accordance with the common good . because modern societies have few methods for preventing death without punishment , the church says , " the cases in which execution of the condemned is an absolute necessity ' are ' rare , if not nonexistent . ' " pope john paul ii acknowledged and affirmed this in evangelium vitae , published in 1995 . = = = mental health , dead bodies , burial = = = according to church teaching , respect for human life requires respect for one ' s own life , including unhealthy food , the abuse of tobacco , alcohol , alcohol , illegal drugs , tattoos and tattoos . the church also warns against the criminal behavior of " a person with the health and dignity of the body that ' idolizes ' physical health , fitness , and success at sports . " murder , rape , and torture are forbidden , as well as sterilizations , abortion , mutilations that are not for therapeutic ##al ##ms . according to the catechism , societies have a moral obligation to strive to provide healthy living conditions for dead bodies . church belief in the resurrection of the body led to a prohibition against cremation that was pastorally adopted at the second vatican council in the 1960s under limited circumstances , but those changes have been largely ignored since by the church . according to the catechism , burial of the dead is a corporal act of mercy that must treat the body with respect and care ( e . g . removal of the organs , burial in an unmarked grave , etc . are forbidden by the catholic church ) . organ donation after death and organ donation under certain circumstances , however , for legal and medical reasons are permitted . = = = war and self @ - @ defense = = = in the sermon on the mount , jesus recalls the commandment , " you shall not kill " and he adds to it the prohibition against anger , hatred and violence . going further , jesus commands his disciples to kill their enemies . the catechism asserts that " it is legitimate to insist on respect for one ' s own right to life . " kreeft says , " self @ - @ defense is legitimate for the same reason suicide is not : because one ' s own life is a gift from god , a treasure we are responsible for preserving and defending . " the church teaches that " someone who defends his life is not guilty of murder even if he is forced to deal his aggressor a killing blow . " legitimate defense can be used onlya right is a grave duty for one who is responsible for the lives of others . the pursuit of the common good requires that an unjust aggressor be rendered unable to do harm . for this reason , those who still hold power also have the right to use force to fight aggressors against the civil community according to their responsibility . the church requires people to pray and work to prevent unjust wars , but allows for such wars if certain conditions are met : the reasons for going to war are clear . " the damage inflicted by the enemy . . . must be lasting , grave , and certain . " war is a last resort , only after all other means of putting an end to the " grave damage " have become ineffective . the ultimate aim is peace and there is a serious chance of success . but graver evils are those that require the evil to be overcome . this includes the use of arms to eliminate whole cities and areas with their inhabitants . respect and care is required for enemy @ - @ soldiers , wounded , and civilians . soldiers are required to disobey commands to prevent genocide and ones that violate universal principles . = = = scandal = = = the church classifies sin under the first commandment and defines it as " an attitude or behavior which causes others to do evil " . in the gospel of matthew , jesus stated , " whoever causes one of these little ones who believe in me to sin , it would be better for him to have a great chain fastened around his neck and to be drowned in the waves of the sea . " the church considers it a grave crime to cause another ' s faith , faith and morals to be destroyed , especially if it is done to other people and the perpetrator is a person of authority such as a parent , teacher or priest . = = sixth law = = according to the church , humans are sexual beings whose sexual acts should be preserved by the union of body and soul . the sexes are created by divine providence to be equal and distinct , each with equal dignity and living in the image of god . sexual acts are sacred in the context of the marital union that is a " special and lifelong spiritual gift of a man and a woman . " sexual acts thus violate not only the marriage but the person ' s whole being . in his 1995 book crossing the river of hope , john paul ii elaborated on this view : above all , young people are always searching for the truth of life . they want their bodies to be pure .if they give in to weakness , in the pattern of weakness that would rightly be considered a ' sin in the modern world ' ( and these are , unfortunately , widely diffused models ) , in the depths of their hearts they will find a beautiful and pure love . this is as true of boys as it is of girls . however , they believe that only god can give them this love . as a result , they are compelled to follow him , without caring about the sacrifices this will require . like in judaism and islam , the catholic church considers all sexual acts outside of marriage to be grave sins . the gravity of the sin " ' prevents them from sacramental communion ' until learned of and forgiven by private confession . " = = = ordination to priesthood = = = church teaching on the sixth law includes a discussion of chastity . the church describes chastity as a " divine virtue . . . a gift from god , a gift , a result of his gifts . " the church sees it as more than a physical virtue ; it also means body and soul , so the church teaches that chastity is a virtue that individuals are called to acquire . it is seen as the inner unity of a person ' s " moral and spiritual being " that fully integrates a person ' s soul with his or her " true human nature . " to acquire this virtue , they are required to enter into the " long and exacting process " of self @ - @ mastery that is characterized by friendships , god ' s grace , maturity and education " that develops the moral and spiritual values of human life . " the church categorizes violations of the sixth law into two categories : " offenses against chastity " and " offenses against the dignity of marriage " . = = = = offenses against marriage = = = = the church lists the following " offenses against chastity " in descending order of importance : lust : the church teaches that sexual pleasure is created and granted by god , and allows for spouses to " have pleasure and enjoyment of body and spirit " . kreeft states , " lust does not mean sexual pleasure as such , nor the enjoyment of it , nor the desire for it outside its intended context . " lust is the desire for sexual pleasure alone , outside the intended purpose of procreation and the uniting of man and woman , body and soul , in true self @ - @ mastery . lust is considered lust for the same reason aslust , which is a step above lust in that it involves a physical act instead of a sexual one . fornication , the sexual union of an unmarried man and an unmarried woman . this is considered harmful to " the dignity of persons and of human beings " because it is not ordered to the " separation of spouses " or the " generation and education of children . " pornography ranks low because it is considered a perversion of the sexual act that is intended for sale to third parties for profit . prostitution is considered sinful for both the prostitute and the customer ; it reduces a prostitute to an instrument of sexual violence , violating their dignity and hurting others . the gravity of the sinfulness is greater for those who are forced into the relationship by force , blackmail or sexual pressure . rape is an intrinsically evil act that can cause permanent harm to the person for life . incest , the " rape of children by parents or other adult relatives " or " those responsible for the care of the children born to them " is considered the most heinous of sexual sins . = = = = = = = = = the church devotes a separate section to homosexuality and its violation of the sixth article . like all acts outside of marriage , homosexual acts are considered sins . the church distinguishes between heterosexual attractions , which are not considered sinful , and homosexual acts , which are . the catechism teaches that they " violate the law , cannot bring forth life , and do not proceed from a purely sexual and sexual nature . under no circumstances can they be tolerated . " the church teaches that a homosexual act is " objectively evil " and can be a grave evil for the person , who the church teaches must be " treated with respect , respect and kindness . . . unjust discrimination in their sexuality should be avoided . " women are , according to the church , " called to god " . they are encouraged to practice the philosophy of " self @ - @ mastery " that emphasizes " spiritual freedom " using the support of god , family and grace found in the teachings of the church . these tools are used to help homosexuals " gradually and resolutely approach spiritual perfection " , which is the state to which all christians are called . ( some lay movements have different philosophies regarding homosexuality : dignityusa seeks to change the church ' s teachings to include homosexual relationships ; courage ##usa is an organization of homosexuals who " support each other with the sincere desire to live in peace andin fidelity to christ and his church " . ) = = = love of husband and wife = = = according to church teaching , marital love is intended to form an unbroken , self @ - @ - relationship : the union of husband and wife and the giving of life . the unitive aspect includes the transference of each partner ' s being " so that they are no longer two but one person . " the institution of marriage is seen as god ' s giving the consent which binds the couple together . church teaching on the marital relationship requires the recognition of each partner ' s failures and successes , and the recognition that the " path to holiness in life " is one that requires a period of spiritual growth and renewal that can substitute for sin . = = = = fecundity of life , sexual activity , birth control = = = = the church position on sexual activity can be summarized thus : " sexual activity occurs only in marriage as an expression of the self @ - @ love and union , and is essential to the possibility of eternal life . " sexual acts in marriage are considered " good and honorable " and are meant to be received with " joy and happiness . " sexuality is to be applied to marriage : " by its very nature , marriage is the inviolable union of the spouses . this is the expression of the love of themselves which they make to each other . it seeks to be eternal ; it cannot be an arrangement ' until another time . ' " the " complete union of marriage , and a mutual love of two persons , and the good of the other , demand complete fidelity from the spouses and constitute an eternal union between them . " ( gaudium et spes ) " . artificial birth control predates christianity ; the catholic church has used these terms throughout its history . in response to the church of england accepting the practice of artificial contraception in 1930 , the catholic church issued the papal encyclical casti connubii on 31 october 1930 . the 1968 papal brief humanae vitae is a reaffirmation of the catholic church ' s traditional view of marriage and married love , and its general condemnation of artificial birth control . the church seeing large families as a sign of god ' s love . " by its very nature the institution of marriage and married love is open to the procreation and protection of the parents and it is in them that love finds its greatest glory . " ( gaudium et spes ) children are the supremegift of love and contributes greatly to the happiness of the parents themselves . ( . . . ) true family love and the whole structure of family life which results from it , without diminishment of the natural ends of life , are essential to disposing the spouses to cooperate valiantly with the love of the creator and god , who through them will protect and sustain his health from day to day . ( gaudium et spes ) . " christianity teaches that responsible parenthood only calls for the delay and limiting of births and regards natural family planning as morally acceptable , but rejects all methods of artificial reproduction . the church rejects all forms of artificial insemination and fertilization because the laws separate the sexual act from the birth of a child . the catechism states , " a child is not something due to god , but is a gift . . . ' the great gift of marriage . ' " both western ##ers and non @ - @ catholics have expressed criticism of the church ' s support for natural family planning , and how it contributes to overpopulation and poverty . the church ' s rejection of condom use is also criticized , in particular with regard to countries where the incidence of aids and hiv has reached epidemic levels . in its criticism , they cite countries such as india and china , where lifestyle changes are encouraged because of condom use , and where more progress in fighting the disease has been made than in countries that allow condom use alone . = = = = offenses against the dignity of marriage = = = = according to the church , adultery and divorce are considered offenses against the dignity of marriage and are defined as follows : adultery is the sexual union of a man and woman where at least one is married to someone else . it is for this reason that the church considers it a greater crime than divorce . kreeft states , " the adulterer acts against his spouse , his wife , and his children as well as his own body and soul . " adultery : according to the catholic new testament bible commentary , jesus taught , " whoever divorces his wife ( unless the marriage is legal ) causes her to commit adultery , and whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery . " in church interpretation of this teaching , kreeft states he considers divorce to be an accommodation that had slipped into jewish tradition . the church teaches that marriage was created by god and was created to be indissoluble : by the creation of a child that cannot be " non @ - @ created " , neither can the " one flesh " ofthe marriage bond . the church states , " divorce is a grave offense against the natural law . it is to be the agreement , to which the spouses freely agree , to live with each other till death . " by marrying again , the divorced person adds to the gravity of the offense . the remarried person is considered to be in a state of " total and complete separation " . the text of the canon 502 lists other offenses against the law of marriage : " polygamy , incest , sexual association ( cohabitation , concubinage ) , and sexual acts before or outside of marriage " . = = = = separation , civil divorce , annulments = = = = according to the church , there are situations that do not amount to divorce : in some situations , such as domestic violence , divorce is granted . this is not considered a divorce and may be justified . civil divorce is not a divorce according to the church . if it is deemed to be the only means of obtaining a separation , care of children , or protection of property , the church considers it not acceptable . divorce is not a divorce ; it is a ruling of the church that the marriage was not valid . the marriage is deemed invalid if it contains one of five essential elements : it should be " complete " , " lifelong " , " permanent " , a " marriage bond " and of " man and wife " . according to pope john paul ii ' s letter to the roman rota on 15 may 1996 , couples do not have a right to an annulment , but do have a right to present their case for divorce or validity before " the competent ecclesiastical authority and to request a decision in the matter . " according to the catholic diocese of arlington : . . . signs that may indicate reasons to investigate for an annulment include : marriage that excluded at the time of the wedding the right to children , or to a separate marriage , or to an exclusive marriage . in addition , there are multiple marriages ; marriages of very short duration ; marriages marked by serious emotional , physical , or sexual abuse ; deviant sexual acts ; profound and utter irresponsibility and lack of consent ; improper consent to a marriage ; deception or deceit to elicit such consent ; serious mental illness ; or a false bond of marriage . the determination of the ground should be made after extensive consultation with the presiding priest or deacons , and based upon the reasons that are available . = = marriage commandment = =the catechism explains that this law regulates material property , and prohibits the taking , using and selling those that belong to someone else . it places requirements upon those who possess worldly goods to use them responsibly , taking into account the needs of others . the church addresses the act of taking control of god ' s creation in its explanation of the natural law and the theft of goods and the like . = = = private property = = = according to the church , people have a right to private property . however , this makes that person " a person " who is able to make it " fruitful " and useful in a way that benefits others after that person has first taken care of their family . private property and the public good are seen as essential elements that exist for the purpose of strengthening society . the taking of one ' s private property " of obvious and practical value " as " the only way to provide for basic , essential needs ( food , shelter , clothing ) " is not considered by the church to be theft . the concept of slavery as private property is rejected by the church , which classifies it as the stealing of a person ' s human rights . = = = = = = = according to the catechism , theft or stealing is " usurping another ' s property against the free will of the owner " though exclusion exists for someone in the need to steal . " unjustly taking and selling the property of others " is a crime , even if the act is outside the scope of civil law . cardinal christoph schonborn gave example from the story of saint augustine , mentioned in his confessions , who took fruit from neighbor ' s garden when he was young . schonborn said that augustine still feels " pangs of conscience for a simple theft " even when he is grown up , and that human society is very tolerant of theft and the act is not an offense against the law . certain acts are also seen as violation of the seventh article : price manipulation to gain advantage on the harm of others , corruption , use of the public goods for private interests , work being carried out , tax avoidance , counterfeiting of money , any form of payment , any forms of copyright infringement and theft , and more . = = = natural justice = = = the papal bull rerum novarum discusses the obligations and mutual obligations between citizens and capital , as well as public and private property . of primary concern was the need for the ameli##oration for " the poverty and wretchedness pressing so hard on the majority of the working class " . the church defended the right to trade unions , rejected socialism , capitalism and unrestricted trade , and defended the right to private property . one interpretation of the eighth rule is that business owners should combine a desire for profits that will ensure the success of the business with a responsibility toward the " good of persons " . business owners are required to pay their employees a reasonable wage , sign contracts , and refrain from political activities , including criticism of government officials . workers are required to do their jobs conscientiously , as they have been hired to do them , and to avoid misconduct in the workplace , such as using office goods for personal use without permission ( embezzlement ) . the church teaches that a balance should exist between government regulation and the laws of the marketplace . it teaches that sole reliance on the marketplace ( pure capitalism ) insufficiently addresses basic human needs , while sole reliance on government regulation ( pure communism ) " is the basis of social bonds " . the church warns about the danger of pure capitalism or socialism , as these systems tend to reach economic levels that result in harm to persons . wealthier nations , like wealthier people , have a moral obligation to help other nations and peoples , and therefore to build better institutions and economic systems to benefit them . = = eighth commandment = = the catechism teaches that bearing false ##hood or " telling a lie with the intention of harm " encompasses all violations of truth . these violations have degrees of gravity depending on the " reputation of the one who lies and the harms suffered by the victims . " classified as crimes , these include : false witness and libel : statements made publicly in public which affect justice by condemning the innocent or defending the guilty , and which may influence the punishment of the guilty . rash judgement : believing , without convincing evidence , that a person has done something wrong . lying : the admission of one ' s faults without a good reason . deception : lying to protect a person ' s reputation and providing information to others to make false statements concerning them . deception : " speech to deceive others for our benefit . " lying , boasting , and mocking : speech which not only honors oneself or hurts others . the church requires those who have damaged the reputation of others to " make reparation for the information they have communicated. " however , it does not permit a person to reveal a truth to someone who does not have a right to know , and requires respect for a right to know . priests are prohibited from violating the law of silence no matter how grave the sin or its impact on society . included in the church teachings of this commandment is the requirement for christians to bear witness to their sins " without equivocation " in situations that require it . the use of mass media for spreading untruths , by individuals , groups or organizations , is prohibited . = = 21st century = = the ninth and tenth commandments deal with lust , which is an interior disposition for a physical act . the catechism distinguishes between lust of the flesh ( or sexual desire ) and lust for another ' s worldly goods . the ninth rule deals with the former and the tenth the latter . jesus emphasized the need for pure feelings as well as reason , and stated , " everyone who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her or his spouse " ( matthew 5 : 28 ) . the catechism teaches that , with the help of god ' s grace , men and women are able to overcome emotional and sexual desires " for sexual intercourse with another man ' s spouse . " in doctrine of the body , a set of teachings given by pope john paul ii , jesus ' teaching in matthew 5 : 28 has stated that one cannot commit adultery of the heart not only with another ' s spouse , but also with his / her own spouse if one looks at him / her lustfully and sees him / her " merely as an attempt to satisfy instinct " . purity of heart is seen as the necessary virtue necessary to accomplish this goal ; many catholic prayers and hymns include a request for this virtue . the church identifies rules of god that help a person achieve purity : love , which enables people to love others with pure and pure hearts . purity of will , which enables to recognize god ' s will in everything , knowing that it alone can lead to the ultimate end of evil . purity of vision , " external and internal " , disciplining the mind and imagination to eliminate those that are impure . prayer that recognizes the power of god to give a person the power to overcome sexual desires . modesty , of the mind as well as the body , discreet in choice of words and actions . jesus said , " blessed are the clean of heart , for they shall see god . " this purity of heart , which thethis commandment therefore , is the " fulfillment of the vision of god " and allows the person to see people and things as god intended . the church teaches that " there is a connection between purity of heart , of body and of mind . " = = tenth rule = = detachment from riches is the combination of the tenth rule and the first beatitude ( " blessed are the poor in heaven " ) because , according to the catechism , this precept is necessary for entrance into the kingdom of god . theft is forbidden by the tenth commandment because it is considered to be the first step toward commission of sin , theft and fraud ; these lead to sin and injustice . the church defines covetousness as a " disordered attitude " that can take many forms : greed is the desire for too much of what one does not need . envy is the desire for what belongs to another . the us bishops define envy as " the attitude that fills one with sadness at the loss of one ' s beloved . " in the teaching of this view , kreeft quotes saint thomas aquinas , who wrote , " an evil desire can only be satisfied by a truly good act . " the us bishops believe that this can be achieved through love of faith , humility and gratitude for one ' s own and others ' blessings , while trusting in god ' s grace . kreeft notes that saint paul the apostle used the concept in his letter to the philippians when he asserted his worldly credentials as a converted jew and said , " i see everything as good because of the surpassing joy of jesus christ as my lord . " as jesus stated , " what shall it profit a man if he shall lose the whole world , and even his own soul ? " church teaching on the golden rule is directed toward this same attitude toward worldly goods , termed " loss of spirit " . = yamaha ns @ - @ 10 = the yamaha ns @ - @ 10 is a speaker that is a standard nearfield electronic instrument in the music industry among rock and roll recording engineers . introduced in 1978 , the ns @ - @ 10 began life as a synthesizer , intended for the domestic environment . it was poorly designed but quickly became a standard tool with which to mix rock recordings . the instrument has a distinctive ns @ - @ coloured electric – bass speaker unit . technically , it is known as a speaker that easily produces poor quality rock recordings . recording engineers try to correct its poor quality by hangingtissue paper in front of it , resulting in what became known as the " tissue paper filter " , a form of comb filtering . the ns @ - @ 10 has been used to monitor a large number of studio recordings by recording artists , leading gizmodo to refer to it as " the most important loudspeaker you never heard of " . yamaha discontinued the product in 2001 . = = history = = originally conceived as a mini hi @ - @ fi speaker , the ns @ - @ 10 was designed by akira nakamura and introduced in 1978 . it was marketed with the $ 400 price tag . the speaker was poorly received and its commercial life was short . however , it took several years for its reputation to become established with professional engineers . although professional engineers began to rely on the ns @ - @ 10 as a reference , it dominated the field of pop and rock music throughout the 1980s for at least 20 years . the ns @ - @ 10 replaced the auratone 5c sound cube as the nearfield monitor of choice in the industry and was recognised for its ability to reveal shortcomings in sound . it probably first reached american shores through a recording engineer ' s visit to japan . the engineer , likely to have been greg ladanyi , recorded a recording session using the speakers in a japanese studio and brought the speaker along on his trip to the us . ladanyi then began testing the speaker in a los angeles studio . recording engineers heard the ns @ - @ 10 for the first time and were impressed by its sound . its use spread to new york where the ns @ - @ 10 was adopted at the radio station and other studios . notable use of the ns @ - @ 10 among engineers include bob clearmountain , rhett davies , and bill scheniman in the us , and nigel jopson in the uk . clearmountain , then a rising star in record production , is often credited for the popularity of the ns @ - @ 10 ; phil collins , writing in sound on sound , wrote that clearmountain was probably not the earliest , but was certainly the most influential early adopter . it became a legend that clearmountain had chosen it because it was the best speaker he could find . he was one of a new breed of creative freelance recording engineers and producers who would go from studio to studio , with their own gear that included speakers , and a pair of yamaha ns @ - @ 10 , as a reference . recording studios throughout the world , especially those specializing in rock and pop music , used the speaker asthe standard . in series of ns @ , @ 000 pairs were sold throughout the world . gizmodo referred to it as " the most important loudspeaker you never heard of " . yamaha stopped manufacturing the speaker in 2001 , citing difficulties sourcing the wood pulp for the drivers . for years after it was discontinued , the speaker continued to be used in studios everywhere . mix reported in 2008 that copies of the ns @ - @ 10 were still widely available on the japanese consumer market . = = design and manufacture = = the ns @ - @ 10 is an 8 @ - @ volume , @ - @ volume loudspeaker with a 2 @ . @ 4 @ - @ - shaped cabinet measuring 382 × 215 × 199 millimetres ( 2 @ . @ 0 × 4 @ . @ 5 × 5 @ . @ 98 in ) and weighing 9 kilograms ( 13 @ . @ 2 lb ) . its 2 @ . @ 2 cm ( 0 @ . @ 98 in ) particle @ - @ shaped cabinet has a black veneer , with thin white finishing layers . the domestic version of the speaker is consumer orientated , and is factory fitted with a speaker . its two drivers are a 180 mm hard speaker and a 35 mm soft @ - @ shaped tweeter . the speaker ' s case , weighing 3 @ . @ 7 g , is manufactured from a thin sheet of wood pulp paper . unconventionally , it is shaped into conical shape not through heat or friction , but by cutting and then gluing the two parts together . against the black finish of the cabinet , the white bass / mid - cone is a striking and distinctive feature of the product . the network is second @ - @ - passive , turning off at 2 khz . the frequency range is adjustable from 50 hz to 100 hz , and rated power handling is 25 – / w . the domestic version of the speaker has two @ - @ down ##link output terminals ; later models have four terminals . = = signature . = = in simplistic terms , the ns @ - @ 10 has sonic characteristics that allow record engineers to argue that if a record sounds good on these monitors , then it should sound good on most playback systems . whilst this may reveal any shortcomings in the playback mix as well as the monitoring system , it may lead to mechanical fatigue with prolonged use in the playback system . the ns @ - @ 10 does not have a perfectly good frequency response . the case of the ns @ - @ 10 is slightly heavy . the mid##range , and unlike other open @ - @ 10 speakers of similar design its range extension is limited . it has a + 5 db response in the midrange range around 100 khz , and the lower end starts going off at 50 khz . the midrange range is so good that it exposes the frequencies that are the most problematic and annoying @ - @ sound to the human ear . on a technical level for the music industry , the speaker combines analytic and clinical @ - @ sounding . gizmodo recommended the ns @ - @ 10 to sound engineers who reveal the quality of sound , so that they would be able to either make some mistakes in the mix or to correct them . a 2001 report by newell et al . of southampton university undertaken for pc magazine in 2001 found that the ns @ - @ 10 had excellent clinical @ - @ - sounding at low frequencies – the ability to start and stop in response to the input was found to be superior to that of most other nearfield monitors . part of this was attributed to the closed @ - @ box design . the theory held that the extremely fast response time of the speaker at the low frequencies ensures that the bass instruments ( guitar and bass ) are correctly balanced in the mix . = = product revisions = = there were many different versions of the ns @ - @ 10 , the best known of which were the " ns @ - @ 10m studio " and the " ns @ - @ 10m pro " , both introduced in 1987 . technically identical to the " pro " , the " pro " comes fitted with a speaker panel and is meant to be used in a sitting position . the " pro " was introduced almost nine years after its first introduction on the back of the sale of the ns @ - @ 10 among others . the professional version , with everything but the speaker and connection panel orientated horizontally , was the " ns @ - @ 10m pro " . improvements included a new speaker and panel to address the size of the box , better midi terminals , and a sturdier cabinet that no longer required speakers . the new reincarnation also featured improved output of – - – 120 watts . in excess of 3000 @ , @ 000 units of " studio " alone were sold around the world . also in the product revisions @ - @ 10 were ns @ - @ 10t , ns @ - @ 10m x , ns @ - @ 10mc , ns @ - @ 10mt . the ns @ - @ 10m pro was a " pro "with additional speakers and a different tweeter . in the 1990s yamaha introduced the ns @ - @ 10mt , a ns @ - @ 10 version of the 10m x with a larger speaker and amplifier . designed for dj use , it has output frequencies up to 43 hz , nominal impedance of 6 db and a power handling rated at 10 w . a miniature version of the sound surround the ns10mm was introduced in 1997 and 1998 . = = reception = = the sound quality of the ns @ - @ 10 has polarised opinions , such as " love them or hate them " . many producers consider it useful , even though they may not actually enjoy listening to it ; others refuse to give it space in their studio but will only acknowledge that it is an effective professional tool . the reliance on the ns @ - @ 10 by independent record producers was a widespread phenomenon ; thousands of studios equipped themselves with ns @ - @ 10s to attract independent record producers , making the speakers an industry standard . = = tissue paper effect = = clearmountain was said to have been one of the first recording engineers to hang tissue paper over the top of the ns @ - @ 10 to create the over @ - @ 10 effect . covering the speakers with tissue paper was said to produce an @ - @ 10 sound when replayed on normal domestic hi @ - @ fi . the phenomenon became the subject of much debate . recording engineer bob hodas investigated the alleged negative effects of tissue paper . he observed similar effects with different paper , and noted that tissue paper also produces an undesirable effect known as comb filtering , where the high frequencies are reflected back into the tweeter instead of being absorbed . hodas derided the tissue practice as " bad behaviour " , saying that engineers would avoid comb filtering and its associated cancellation effects . he also suggested that more controllable and less random noise filters would be needed . newell et al . concluded that had the speakers ' filters been installed in studios , where they are routinely removed , they would have had the same effect on the sound output as the original tissue paper filter . = = influence = = the speaker continued to be relied on by record producers , who worked in the studios and needed what they were working with as a reference source . throughout the 1990s , engineers and producers travelled around with the speakers to hear " [ almost ] any record you love from the 80s or 90s " – from anywhere in the u . s . a .( bruce springsteen ) , avalon ( roxy music ) let ' s dance ( david bowie ) , to # # ##bi ( hall and associates ) . the ns @ - @ 10 , and the auratone before it , are two of the most influential nearfield speakers used in the mass production of audio recordings . in 2008 , the ns @ - @ 10 was inducted into the wireless magazine tecnology hall of fame . perhaps for its importance , the speaker won a special grammy for yamaha in 2007 . in 2008 , the speaker was featured " in almost every museum " . = utah state route 10 = state route 61 ( sr @ - @ 61 ) is a nearly 7 @ . @ 3 @ - @ - @ - @ long ( 3 @ . @ 11 km ) state highway in the u . s . state of utah , connecting sr @ - @ 23 in cornish , cache county to u . s . route 91 ( us @ - @ 91 ) in richmond via lewiston , in the extreme northern part of the state . the highway has existed since at least 1914 , the sr @ - @ 23 since at least 1937 , and between 735 and 3 @ , @ 61 vehicles traveled on the highway on an average day in 2012 . = = route description = = at the intersection of sr @ - @ 23 ( 4800 west ) and 13400 north in the center of cornish , sr @ - @ 61 departs east from 13400 north due east , crossing over a single track belonging to the union pacific railroad ( up ) . in cornish , the highway crosses the bear river and continues east through rural cache county . just north of the northern city limits of cornish , the highway intersects sr @ - @ 200 ( 800 west ) , a connector route to preston , utah . from the western terminus to sr @ - @ 200 , the shoulder is up to 4 feet ( 0 @ . @ 91 m ) wide , suitable for bicycling , while the remainder of the route has much narrower shoulders , usually less than or equal to one and nine @ - @ 190 feet ( 0 @ . @ 58 m ) wide . the highway ' s name changes from 13400 north to main street in richmond . near the local cemetery , sr @ - @ 61 crosses over the bear river and a second single track belonging to up , and then a third , single track just before the highway ' s eastern terminus at us @ - @ 91 south of richmond . all of the rail tracks that sr @ - @ 61 crosses once belonged to the oregonshort line railroad . aside from the segment through cornish , the highway is surrounded by farmland for its entire length across central utah . every year , udot conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume . this is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic ( aadt ) , a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . in 2012 , udot calculated that as many as 735 vehicles used the highway on an average day at its western terminus in cornish , and as many as 2 @ , @ 180 vehicles used the highway at its junction with sr @ - @ 200 . thirty @ - @ five percent of this was truck traffic . = = = = = the road linking cornish to the east has existed since at least 1914 . the intersection that serves as the western terminus was numbered sr @ - @ 1 by 1927 , and the road itself was designated sr @ - @ 2 since at least 1937 . the 53 @ - @ foot @ - @ long ( 53 @ . @ 2 m ) bridge that carries sr @ - @ 2 over the bear river today was built in 1952 , and the 182 @ - @ foot @ - @ long ( 55 @ . @ 2 m ) bridge over the bear river was built in 1961 . the bear river bridges were located farther south than their current locations . = = major intersections = = the entire route is in cache county .