= hemmema = = hemmema ( from finnish " hameenmaa " , tavastia ) was a type of warship built for the swedish archipelago fleet and the russian baltic navy in the late 18th and early 19th centuries . the hemmema was specifically designed for use against the russian navy in the baltic sea and along the coasts of svealand and finland . it was designed by the young and innovative swedish naval architect fredrik henrik af chapman ( 1721 – 1808 ) in collaboration with augustin ehrensvard ( 1710 – 1772 ) , an army officer and later commander of the swedish archipelago fleet . the hemmema was a specialized vessel for use in the shallow waters and narrow channels that connected the thousands of islands and reefs extending from the swedish capital of stockholm into the gulf of finland . the hemmema replaced the galley that had made up the bulk of the swedish archipelago fleets until the mid @ - @ 18th century . compared to galley , the hemmema had a shallow draft and was slower to sail , but provided better protection for the crew , carried more provisions , was more mobile and had about three times as many heavy guns . it could be propelled by either sails or steam but was still lighter and more maneuverable than most other warships , which made it suitable for use in shallow waters . between 1764 and 1809 , sweden built six hemmemas . the hemmema was the largest and most heavily armed ship in the archipelago fleet and participated in the russo @ - @ swedish war of 1788 – [UNK] . oden , the first hemmema , was very small and very similar to a turuma , a swedish type of " archipelago ship " . russia built six hemmemas based on the swedish design between 1808 and 1823 , capturing three of the swedish vessels at the battle of sveaborg in 1808 . the other ships , both swedish and russian , were much larger and much more heavily armed than oden . = = background = = russian tsar peter the great had established a new capital and powerful naval base in saint petersburg in 1703 . russian naval power in the baltic began to threaten the interests of sweden , the dominant naval power in the region . swedish territory at that time included territory in northern russia , all of modern finland and all of the baltic states , a dominion centered on , and bounded by , the baltic sea trade routes . during the great northern war ( 1700 – 1721 ) , sweden lost all its territories in the baltic states and suffered major defeats in finland and along the chain of islands andand stretching from the gulf of finland to stockholm . the navy began to deploy large flotillas of small @ - @ draft vessels , armed with smaller versions of the larger mediterranean guns . many of these new vessels were more akin to galiots and were complemented with smaller guns . the finnish war with russia ( 1741 – [UNK] ) and the swedish victory against russia in the seven years ' war ( 1757 – 62 ) showed the need for further expansion and replacement of the smaller vessels with more specialized vessels . galleys were used as fast transports for military operations , but were severely ill @ - @ gunned , especially in relation to their small size ; a galley with a 250 @ - @ weight crew , most of whom were women , would typically carry only one 6 @ - @ weight cannon and two 6 @ - @ pounders , mounted in the bow . the ships also lacked decks and adequate shelter for the rower @ - @ men , many of whom succumbed to disease as a result of disease during the war of 1741 – [UNK] . = = = archipelago fleet = = = after the russian victory against sweden in 1743 , the swedes established a commission to investigate improvements in the eastern defenses . in 1747 , the commission concluded that the fortifications in southern sweden needed to be improved and expanded , and that sweden needed to build a strong coastal fleet . augustin ehrensvard ( 1710 – [UNK] ) , an artillery officer , was the driving force behind these changes . the commission based many of its actions and decisions on his recommendations . in 1756 , sweden established the archipelago fleet with the official title armens flotta ( " arm of the army " ) under the authority of the army department , krigskollegium , with ehrensvard as supreme commander . for several decades , the struggle for power between the hats and the nobility , the dominant political factions at the time , and rivalry between army and navy brought many changes to the archipelago fleet . the parliamentary victory of the estates in the riksdag of 1769 – , and the coup d ' etat by king gustav iii in 1772 ended the archipelago fleet ' s existence as an independent branch of the navy . starting in 1770 , the archipelago fleet merged with the swedish squadron ( finska eskadern ) based at sveaborg . in 1777 , it incorporated the swedish squadron ( svenska eskadern ) , the galley fleet based at stockholm . the swedish armed forces invested considerable resources in the new army , and made it a professional , professional navy. the archipelago also attracted members of the political and military elite who enjoyed the confidence and patronage of king gustav iii , who had established himself as an absolute monarch after the 1772 revolution . following the poor performance of ships in russo – swedish war of 1741 – 43 and the pomeranian war ( 1757 – 62 ) , development of replacements became necessary . during the pomeranian war , trials had been made with " archipelago frigates " ( skottpramar ) , heavily armed , high @ - @ rates , flat @ - @ rate barges with a shallow draft that carried guns in various arrangements . the prams carried more guns than the barges , but were far too slow to be effective . augustin ehrensvard argued for new ship designs that combined strength , range , speed , and better crew accommodations . he began a successful collaboration with shipwright fredrik henrik chapman ( called " af ##s " in 1772 ) , and together they developed four new designs : a gunboat with a 12 @ - @ rate gun and a similar design , as well as two types of " archipelago frigates " ( skargardsfregatter ) : the smaller udema and pojama , and the larger turuma and hemmema . all four types have been called skargardsfregatter ( archipelago frigates ) in swedish and finnish naval literature , though some authors have called the udema and pojama " archipelago frigates " . chapman had designed the archipelago frigates for service off the southern coast of finland and named them after the finnish provinces of uusimaa , pohjanmaa ( osterbotten ) , turunmaa ( aboland ) , and hameenmaa ( tavastia ) . = = development = = the concept of armed sailing frigates with a single set of oars ( or " sails " ) was not new . the french royal navy had introduced the " galleasses " in the mid @ - @ 16th century . in the 1660s its successor , the royal navy , introduced the equivalent of the @ - @ rates with oar guns above or below the gundeck . during the 18th century the russian navy used " shebecks " , baltic variations on the french xebecs , for patrol duties . the xebecs were good sailers , could be rowed if necessary and had greater speed and greater range than galleys ; they were also less expensive to build . the baltic also influenced britain and the french navy2 . consequently , chapman ' s designs for these ships were based on those principles , especially with respect to archipelago warfare . chapman ' s new frigates provided greater accommodation for their crew than the ships they replaced , and up to three times the capacity for stores and provisions . they could operate in the sheltered , shallow waters around skerries in all weathers and in open waters in all but the worst weather . they had a deeper draft than frigates , but considerably shallower draught than traditional sailing ships . the new ship types greatly increased the archipelago fleet ' s firepower , provided it with greater defensive capabilities , and made for more efficient logistical support during amphibious operations . = = design and construction = = of the new ships , turumas and hemmemas , fit the definition of " sail frigate " because of their similarity to the ocean @ - @ sailing frigates . the first hemmema , the oden , was completed in 1764 . it was 33 . 33 m ( 108 @ . @ 2 ft ) long and 8 @ . @ 2 m ( 26 @ . @ 8 ft ) wide with a beam of 3 @ . @ 8 m ( 9 @ . @ 25 ft ) . it had a flat hull with no keel , only a low mast , and no gun ##ports . it had two sails that were square rigged with lateen sails , like a schooner . the navy later replaced the lateen rigs with a more conventional ocean @ - @ going - ship . the new design provided for 14 pairs of rower with two rows per pair . the rowers did their trade from the gun deck with oar hooks positioned between the gunports , close to the waterline , which gave the rower better leverage . the oars were also mounted on a rectangular outrigger , designed to further improve the stability . even so , hemmemas performed poorly when rowed and more difficult in high water . they were slower than traditional sailing ships , but much faster than frigates . during the finnish war of 1788 – 1790 , chapman built three hemmemas of a similar design . they were considerably larger , 14 @ . @ 5 by 11 m ( 146 by 36 ft ) , and the number of oars was increased to 20 pairs . they also had some of the better armour , especially when compared with the much larger ships of the high seas fleet . the naval officer carl fredrik aschling had worked with chapman to increase the main armament to twenty @ - @ two - @- @ guns and two 12 @ - @ guns , which increased the draft to about 30 cm ( 1 ft ) . the addition of diagonal bracers to strengthen the hull allowed the later hemmemas to carry guns more powerful even than those of the largest wooden ships of the high seas navy . due to their large size and relative simplicity , naval historian peter glete has described the hemmemas as " super - frigates " . the hemmema ' s design was very similar to that of the turuma . the primary difference was that the turuma ' s oarsmen sat on the upper deck above the deck , whereas the hemmema ' s crew sat on the gundeck . the later hemmemas were much larger , more heavily armed , and of a more robust construction . glete has described them as variations on the same type , even when considering the pre @ - @ gun design . = = = = = hemmemas served in the finnish navy during the wars of 1788 – 1790 . they supported amphibious landings and naval raids on the russian baltic fleet , while at the same time acting as sea @ - @ and artillery support for the swedish forces on the finnish coast . hemmemas fought in the first and second battles of svensksund . during the first battle in 1789 , one hemmema complemented the similar turumas , and in the second battle in may 1790 , two hemmemas made up the defensive screen and provided a large percentage of the fire . the swedish were building three additional hemmemas at the time within the fortress of sveaborg when it was surrendered to the russians in 1808 , and all three were incorporated in the russian navy . soon afterward , the russian navy ordered its own 12 @ - @ pounder versions , with the final vessel completed as late as 1823 . two more were built in sweden in 1809 , birger jarl and erik segersall . birger jarl sank in an accident in 1813 and erik segersall was planned for conversion as a paddlewheel gun battery for coastal defence , though the idea was eventually abandoned and the ship scrapped in 1826 . like the other specialized archipelago vessels , the hemmema had specific strengths and weaknesses . although it had superior speed compared to galleys , its sailing qualities were somewhat mediocre and although highly agile under oars , it was still difficult to maneuver when rowed . the hemmema had the potential to be an effective weapon against warships , matchingtheir forward position and easily outgunning them with its heavy armament . in an ideal battle situation , it could cause considerable havoc , but such a weapon was never used in an actual battle , leaving that important position vacant . = = = = = a total of twelve hemmemas were built , six of them for the swedish royal navy and two for the russian navy . details of the ships are listed below . the swedish hemmemas were all built to the same design , except for the swedish design oden , and birger jarl and erik segersall had heavier armament than the others . tredrea and sozaev list oden as a turuma and as a hemmema in 1784 , though both nikula and lars @ - @ otto berg do not . the russian vessels were built between 1808 and 1823 and have been described by tredea and sozaev as bodryi @ - @ class " torpedo boats " . in the finnish form " hameenmaa " , the name of the entire class was later carried on to several ships of the 20th century finnish navy .