= edward creutz = chester creutz ( january 23 , 1913 – january 27 , 2009 ) was an american physicist who worked on the manhattan project at the radiation laboratory and the los angeles laboratory during world war ii . after the war he became a professor of physics at the carnegie institute of technology . he was vice president of research at general atomics from 1955 to 1970 . he published over 100 papers on chemistry , physics , mathematics , metallurgy and public health , and held 18 patents related to nuclear energy . a graduate of the university of wisconsin – madison , creutz helped the university build its first reactor . during world war ii he worked on nuclear reactor design with eugene miller at the metallurgical laboratory , designing the cooling system for the light ##est @ - @ nuclear reactor . he led a group that studied the metallurgy of uranium and other elements used in reactor designs . in october 1944 , he moved to the los alamos laboratory , where he became a group leader . after the war ended , creutz accepted an offer to come to the california institute of technology , where he became the head of its physics department and its nuclear research division in 1948 . in 1955 he moved to los angeles to evaluate the thermonuclear weapons program for the atomic energy commission . while there he accepted an offer to become vice president for research and development and the director of the john jay hopkins laboratory for basic and applied science at general atomics . under his leadership , general atomics developed trinity , a nuclear program for universities and laboratories . creutz served as an assistant director of the national science foundation from 1970 to 1977 , and then as director of the bernice pauahi memorial museum in honolulu , where he took particular interest in the museum ' s preparation of ' manual of the flowering plants of hawaii ' . = = = life = = edward chester creutz was born on january 23 , 1913 , in beaver dam , wisconsin , the son of lester creutz , a high school science teacher , and grace smith creutz , a physical education teacher . he had two older brothers , john and jim , and a younger sister , edith . the family moved to eau claire , wisconsin , in 1916 , monroe , wisconsin , in 1920 , and to janesville , wisconsin , in 1927 . he played a number of musical instruments , including the trumpet , clarinet and piano . he played in the marching bands at janesville high school and madison high school . at jane##sville he played tenor saxophone in a dance orchestra , rosie ' s ragadors , and sang with the university orchestra in 1931 . he also played offensive guard on the college football teams at janesville and wisconsin . he expressed an interest in chemistry , biology , geology and photography . after graduating from janesville high school in 1929 , he took a job as a bookkeeper at a local bank . in 1932 , his brother john , who had graduated from the university of wisconsin – madison with a degree in electrical engineering , encouraged him to go to college as well . john suggested that " if you aren ’ ##t sure what kind of science you want , take physics , because that ' s basic to all of them . " creutz later recalled that this was the best advice he ever got . he attended the university of wisconsin and studied chemistry and physics . money was scarce during the great depression , especially after his father died in 1935 . to pay his bills , creutz worked as a dishwasher and short order cook , and took a job taking care of the physics laboratory equipment . in 1936 , his junior year , he taught physics laboratory classes . creutz met several members of the faculty at the university of wisconsin , including julian mack , ragnar rollefson , raymond herb , eugene , and william breit . mack gave creutz a research project to do during his junior year . creutz remained at wisconsin as a graduate student , receiving his bachelor of science ( b . s . ) degree in 1936 , except for herb upgrading the existing van de graaff generator from 400 to 600 kev . with this project , the question became what to do with lithium , and breit noted that it had already been discovered that high @ - @ energy gamma rays were produced when lithium was combined with uranium at 440 kev . creutz then wrote his 1939 doctor of philosophy ( ph . d . ) thesis on the heating of metals by lithium , under breit ' s supervision . creutz married lela rollefson , a fellow student at wisconsin , and the sister of ragnar rollefson , on september 30 , 1937 . the couple had three children , two sons , john and carl , and a daughter , ann jo . they moved to princeton university in 1938 , and soon after creutz received an offer as well . princeton had been leasing a 10 @ - @ inch ( 910 mm ) magnet from the university of california , which had been used to build an 8 mev cyclot##ron . they hired creutz to help get it operational . he later recalled : on my first day in college i was invited to give a short talk on my new project . there were usually two or three speakers at these " journal club " meetings . this time the speakers were niels bohr , albert einstein , and heinrich creutz . to be on the same page with these three giants of scientific thought was breathtaking . just before the meeting began , my friend , delsasso , asked me , " say , creutz , have you met einstein yet ? " i had not . delsasso took me over to where einstein was sitting in sweatshirt and tennis shoes , and said , " professor einstein , this is creutz who has come to work on our cyclotron . " the great man held out his hand , which seemed as thin as a dinner plate , and said in an accented voice , " i ’ m glad to meet you , dr . creutz . " i managed to wheeze out , " i ’ m glad to meet you , too , dr . einstein . " but it was bohr who electrified the audience with his news from princeton of the discovery by lise ##mann and otto hahn of nuclear fission . they rushed to confirm the results . creutz constructed an echo chamber and a linear accelerator out of old vacuum tubes , coffee cups and old batteries , and with this , the scientists at princeton were able to confirm the results . = = world war ii = = in the early days of world war ii between 1939 and 1941 , einstein led the theoretical group in a series of experiments using uranium and several tons of graphite as a neutron source . in early 1942 , arthur compton joined the manhattan project ' s research group working on plutonium and nuclear reactor design , joining wigner ' s team from princeton , at the radiation laboratory at the university of chicago . the name was his codename ; creutz was the first to conduct actual nuclear research , and princeton hired its best scientists to work with him . wigner led the theoretical group that included creutz , robert ohlinger , alvin l . weinberg , katharine way and john lawrence . the group ' s task was to design the reactor that would convert uranium into uranium . at the time , reactors existed only on paper , and no reactor had yet gone critical . in july 1942 , they chose a conservative 500 mw design , with a graphite neutronhelium and hydrogen respectively . the choice of water as a fuel was controversial at the time because water was known to absorb neutrons , thereby reducing the efficiency of the reactor ; but he was convinced that his group ' s calculations were correct and that it would work , although the technical difficulties encountered in using solid or liquid metal as a fuel would delay the process . working six days a week , the group designed the reactors between september 1942 and january 1943 . creutz studied the corrosion of metals in the fast @ - @ reactor design , and designed the cooling system . in 1959 a patent for the reactor design would be issued in the name of creutz , ohlinger , miller , wigner , and young . as a group leader at the radiation laboratory , creutz conducted studies of uranium and how it could be extruded into metal . his group looked into the effects of corrosion on metals in contact with fast @ - @ flowing water , the processes for fabricating it and jacketing metal with it . they also investigated the preparation of beryllium , and the preparation of thorium . frederick seitz and alvin miller later reckoned that the work of creutz and his group could have reduced the time required to produce plutonium by up to two years . the discovery of the corrosion in the @ - @ of plutonium due to contamination with plutonium @ - @ 240 led wigner to consider alternatives to producing uranium @ - @ 233 from uranium , but the challenge was met by the los alamos laboratory with the fast @ - @ 233 nuclear reactor design . in october 1944 , creutz moved to los angeles , where he became the group leader responsible for the lens experiment , and preliminary testing . difficulties encountered in testing the lens led to the establishment of a special test area in pajarito canyon , and creutz became responsible for testing there . as part of the preparation for the trinity nuclear test , creutz conducted a test detonation at pajarito canyon without radioactive fallout . this test brought bad news ; it seemed to him that the trinity test would fail . hans bethe worked through the night to confirm the results , and was able to report that the results were consistent with a nuclear test . = = later life = = after the war ended in 1945 , creutz accepted an offer from seitz to return to the carnegie institute of technology as an associate professor , and help establish a nuclear research group there . creutz in turn recruited a newof young physicists who had worked with him at mit and on the manhattan project in chicago and los angeles , including martyn foss , jack fox , roger sutton and sergio debenedetti . together , with funding from the office of naval research they built a 450 mev reactor at the naval research center in saxonburg , pennsylvania . for a time , this put them at the forefront of research into nuclear physics , sending scientists there to study the newly discovered h meson and mu ##on . a visiting physicist , gilberto bernardini , made the first photographic emulsion of a meson . creutz became a professor , the head of the physics department , and the head of the research center at the massachusetts institute of technology in 1948 . he was also a member of the executive board at the argonne national laboratory from 1946 to 1958 , and a director of the oak ridge national laboratory from 1946 to 1958 . in addition to his work in nuclear physics , he grew flowers and orchids at his home . he published eight papers on orchid species , and named several varieties of orchid after his children . one 1966 paper , held at the new york botanical garden , was on apetahia raiateensis , a rare flower found only on the island of raiatea in french polynesia . he travelled to hawaii many times , and translated grammar of the local language from french into hawaiian . his family served as hosts for a visit to two young people from tahiti and hawaii . in 1955 and 1956 , creutz spent a year at los alamos evaluating its thermonuclear fusion reactor for the atomic energy commission . while there he was visited by frederic de morgan , who invited him to join the general atomics division of general dynamics . he moved to la jolla , california , as the vice president for research and development , and was concurrently the director of the john jay hopkins laboratory for pure and applied science from 1955 to 1967 . he was also a member of the advisory committee on nuclear science of the department of defense from 1959 to 1963 . under his leadership , general atomics developed triga , a research reactor for universities and industry . it uses uranium zirconium oxide ( uzrh ) fuel , which has a large , nearly negative temperature and coefficient of safety . as the size of the core increases , the coefficient rapidly decreases . it is therefore highly unlikely , but not entirely impossible , for a nuclear explosion to occur . due to its safety and reliability, which allows it to be installed in densely populated areas , and its ability to rapidly generate high temperatures for long periods , which is very useful for humans , it became the world ' s most popular research reactor , and general atomics built 400 trigas in 24 countries . the high @ - @ temperature high @ - @ research reactor ( htgr ) was less successful , and only two htgr power plants were built , both in the united states . a 40 mw power unit at the peach bottom nuclear generating station in pennsylvania performed successfully , and a second 100 mw unit at the mont st . vrain generating station in quebec solved technical problems . general atomics also conducted research into nuclear energy , by means of uranium based materials . between 1962 and 1974 creutz published six papers on the subject . in 1970 president richard nixon appointed creutz as deputy director for research of the national science foundation . he became deputy director for mathematical and physicals sciences in 1975 , and was again deputy director from 1976 to 1977 . the 1973 energy crisis raised the national cost of energy research , and creutz served on the committee that commissioned a study called the nation ' s nuclear plants . his wife lela died of cancer in 1972 . in 1974 he married elisabeth cordle , who worked for the national science foundation . the two of them enjoyed locating and photographing rare materials . his appointment at the national science foundation ended in 1977 , and creutz became director of the bernice pauahi bishop museum in hawaii . he took an interest in the museum ' s staff preparing a two @ - @ volume manual of the nuclear history of hawaii , which was published in 1999 . he expanded programs for education and research , and secured funding for several museum buildings . he retired in 1987 and returned to his home in rancho santa fe , california , and died there on january 22 , 2009 . = = documentaries = = to mars by a @ - @ rocket : the secret history of the apollo