= of human feelings = of human feelings is a live album by american jazz saxophonist and composer ornette coleman . it was recorded on april 22 , 1979 , at cbs studios in new york city with his band prime time , which featured guitarists charlie ellerbee and # ##inger , bassist jamaaladeen tacuma , and drummers calvin johnson and coleman ' s son denardo . it was coleman ' s unsuccessful attempt to record a direct @ - @ to @ - @ recording session , in march 1979 . of human feelings incorporated jazz @ - @ - music and established coleman ' s harmolodic approach to composition with prime time , whom he introduced on his 1975 album dancing in your head . he drew on rhythm and blues influences from early in his career for of human feelings , which had longer and more complex compositions than dancing in your head . coleman also applied free jazz elements from his work during the 1970s to elements of funk . after a change in management , coleman signed with island records , and of human feelings was released in 1982 by their subsidiary , antilles records . critics generally praised coleman ' s expressive playing and harmolodic approach , but the album made little commercial impact and remains out of print . coleman enlisted his son denardo as manager after a dispute with his former managers over the album ' s royalties , a change that led him to perform publicly again during the 1980s . = = = = = by the end of the 1970s , ornette coleman had become one of the most influential figures in jazz , pioneering its most controversial subgenre , free jazz , which jazz critics and musicians initially criticized for its departure from established standards of rhythm and tonality . in the late @ - @ 1970s , he stopped playing free jazz , recruited other instrumentalists , and pursued a new musical approach he called harmolodics . according to coleman ' s theory , all the musicians are able to play complex melodies in any key , and still remain coherent as a group . he taught his young sidemen this new improvisational and creative approach , based on their individual tendencies , and prevented them from being influenced by other styles . coleman likened this new approach to a spirit of " collective consciousness " that stresses " collective feelings " and " collective intelligence " , and stated that he wanted the group , rather than himself , to be unique . coleman also began to incorporate influences from other cultures into his music , including western influences such as the electric guitar and the @ - @ - rhythms played by african and indian musicians . of human feelings is a celebration of the harmolodic##s approach coleman had started with prime time , an instrumental quartet released on his 1975 album dancing in your head . the group included guitarists charlie ellerbee and john ##inger , bassist jamaaladeen tacuma , and drummers ronald ##o ##d and denardo coleman , ornette coleman ' s sons . tacuma was still in high school when coleman enlisted him , and he recorded with prime time in 1975 for the album , meta , which was released in 1978 . tacuma had played in an orchestra for jazz organist charles earland , but earland dismissed him because he felt audiences gave excessive attention to his playing . coleman found tacuma ' s music inappropriate for harmolodics and asked him not to change . although coleman ' s music had challenged his knowledge and understanding of music , tacuma came to appreciate the important role each band member was playing as a composer and melodist : " when we read ornette ' s music we read his lyrics , but we listen for his phrases and phrase the way he wants to . i can play the whole melody , too , and play it how i want to , and those phrases will affect the phrasing , the rhythm , the harmony – all of that . " in march 1979 , coleman went to rca records ' new york studio to record an album with prime time , adding @ - @ to @ - @ disc recording . they had mechanical problems with the recording equipment and the idea was rejected . the resulting album received a release under universal music , coleman ' s music publishing company . coleman wanted to set up his own publishing company with the same name , and chose his childhood friend kunle mwanga as his manager . in april , mwanga arranged a session at cbs studios in new york city , and coleman recorded of my feelings there on april 15 ; the album was then called fashion faces . jackson did not record with the band and calvin weston was hired in his place to record it with denardo coleman . they recorded all the album ' s tracks on the first day without any mechanical problems . the album was recorded with a sony pcm @ - @ 1600 ##0 @ - @ track digital recorder , a rare item at the time . according to producer howie mandel , the music recorded by the band sounded neither very soft or loud on the record , because it had been mixed with the middle @ - @ frequency range and recorded electronically . because of the equipment used , coleman did not mix the album with added effects and avoided overdubbing , multi @ - @ tracking ,and remixing . according to him , of human feelings was the first jazz album to be entirely produced in the united states . = = = = = according to the concise grove dictionary of music ( 2004 ) , of human feelings features jazz @ - @ funk , a type of jazz that originated around 1970 and is characterized by intricate rhythmic patterns , a recurrent bass line , and other rhythmic elements . lloyd sachs of the chicago sun @ - @ funk wrote that , although coleman was not known as a jazz fusion artist , the album could be described as such because of its combination of free jazz and funk . don kenny disagreed and felt its boisterous sound had more in common with the new wave movement and the pioneers of new york city ' s downtown jazz scene such as john zorn . music critic scott nicholson described it as the continuation of coleman ' s musical style that dated back to his free jazz days in 1960 , but reappropriated with the jazz @ - @ funk sound . according to music critic barry mcrae , " it was as if coleman was translating the sound of the famous double bass " from his 1961 album free jazz to what was needed to create jazz @ - @ funk . coleman used complex structures and instrumentation , and some elements from the jazz and funk music he had heard early his career . according to mandel , the album ' s simple , brisk music was more comparable to a coherent r & b album than jazz fusion . although coleman never wrote the melodies to a song , he used two players for recording to make each pair of bassist and drummer responsible for providing the rhythm or melody . ellerbee ##k played guitar counterpoint and coleman played most of the song ' s melody , while denardo coleman and weston played the polyrhythms and backbeats . tacuma and ornette coleman ' s instrumental ##s were played in the foreground to the more prominent guitars . mcrae wrote that coleman and big ##ard exchanged " subtle ##ties " throughout the album , as one player changed key and the others modulated notes . the two made no attempt to separate their radically different styles . of human feelings features shorter and more distinct compositions than dancing in your head . " sleep talking " , " air pollution " , and " times square " were originally recorded by coleman during his tour in 1978 under the names " sleep talking " , " meta " , and " dancing in the streets " , respectively . " what was the name of that song ? " was recorded as a direct reference to two of his olderand , " love eyes " and " forgotten songs " ( also known as " songs for lovers " ) , whose themes are played throughout and transfigured by prime time . the introduction from " forgotten songs " , taken from coleman ' s 1972 album skies of america , is played as a solo . on songs such as " jump street " and " love eyes " , ellerbee incorporated distortion into his guitar playing , which gave the songs a thicker texture . " jump street " is a blues piece , " air pollution " has a prominent @ - @ bar rhythm , and the song " times square " features futuristic dance music . " love words " also features polymodality , a central theme of harmolodics , and juxtaposes coleman ' s guitar solos against a complex , very complex introduction . nicholson observed west coast rhythms and free improvisation rooted in new orleans jazz on " love words " , and suggested that " baby talk " was derived from the opening bassoon solo in igor ivanov ' s 1913 orchestral work the rite of spring . = = reviews and sales = = a few weeks after of human feelings was released , mwanga went to japan to negotiate a deal with trio records to have the album released on phrase records . trio , who had previously released a recording of coleman ' s 1966 to 1971 concert performances in paris , agreed to release the album after mwanga left the label with the record stamper . coleman was also set to perform his song " skies of america " with the nhk symphony orchestra , but cancelled both deals upon mwanga ' s return from japan . mwanga eventually quit after less than four months as coleman ' s manager . in 1981 , coleman hired stan and sid shapiro as his managers , and sold the album ' s master tapes to island records . he signed with the antilles label that year , and of human feelings was released in 1982 on island ' s subsidiary jazz label antilles records . billboard magazine published a front @ - @ cover story at the time noting its distinction as both the first jazz album recorded in new york city and the first digital jazz album recorded by an american artist . according to music writer francis davis , " a modest commercial comeback seemed likely " for coleman , who appeared to be regaining his confidence . german journalist peter niklas has said the album may have been the most tuneful and accessible @ - @ album of his career at that point . the album ' s clean production and relatively short tracks were interpreted as an opportunity for radio airplay by mandel , who praised the "as " the surface album that would put it in the jazz sphere " . of human feelings made no impact on the american pop charts , only charting on the billboard jazz albums , where it spent two weeks and peaked at number 15 . because the record offered a middle ground between rock and jazz , mcrae felt that it ultimately appealed to a demographic of listeners . sound & vision critic david butterworth felt that it was overlooked because it had electric guitar , saxophone and funk drumming , and did not conform to what he felt was the hokey image of jazz that many of the group ' s fans wanted . the album later went out of print . of human feelings received critical acclaim from music critics . in his review for allmusic , gary giddins described it as another landmark album from coleman and his most mature work of harmolodics , particularly because of compositions which he found both original and occasionally timeless . in his opinion , the discordant music radically challenged the polyphony and would be the most challenging part for coleman , whom he said should concentrate on coleman ' s playing and " let the music wrap itself around his head " . kofi natambu from the washington metro times felt coleman ' s synergetic playing displayed expressive immediacy rather than superficial technical skill while calling the album " a multi @ - @ musical journey of emotional intensity , depth , depth , wit , humor , compassion and wit " . he found the music inspirational , danceable , and encompassing developments in the @ - @ american music over the past decade . robert christgau found the music heartfelt and engaging in its exchange of rhythms and complex pieces of melody , writing in the village voice , " the way the songs burst into bursts of song only to ebb back into the background is participatory jazz at its most practical and utopian . " purist critics in jazz wrote about the album ' s combination of danceable beats and electric guitar . in stereo review , chris albertson deemed the combination of saxophone and vocal funk occasionally captivating but ultimately lacking . dan weiss of the los angeles times argued that the album ' s exploration of " abstract rock circles " had its flaws ; he felt tacuma and coleman ' s playing sounded like a rare " moment of clarity " amid the incessant background . leonard feather ##man in the toledo blade called the music " eclectic , sometimes controversial , and difficult to understand but " enough to warrant a review . at the end of 1982 , billboard critic peter ko##news named of human feelings the year ' s best album , calling it a fine example of combining free jazz with modern funk . in the @ - @ end lists for the boston phoenix , james baldwin and howard hampton ranked the album number three and number four , respectively . it was voted the best in the pazz & jop , an annual poll of american musicians worldwide , published by the village voice . christgau , the poll ' s supervisor , ranked it number one in an accompanying list , and in 1990 he named it the second @ - @ best album of the year . coleman received $ 25 @ , @ 000 for the publishing rights to of human feelings but said his agency bought it for less than the production cost and that he did not receive any of its royalties . according to stan bernstein , coleman had financial problems that were " unrealistic in this field unless you ' re michael jackson " . island label president jay goldstein said the $ 25 @ , @ 000 coleman received was neither a great nor a fair amount for someone in debt . although he had paid over 100 to record the funk @ - @ 000 album , they did not accept it nor take up their option on him , and in 1983 , coleman left the island agency . he chose denardo coleman to manage his career while addressing his fear of public exposure , which had been rooted in his distrust of doing business with a predominantly white music industry . according to nicholson , " the man once accused of being on the outside of jazz was brought back to the jazz circuits with great curiosity and affection " during the 1980s . coleman did not record another album for three years and instead toured europe with prime time . in a 1986 article for the new york times about coleman ' s work with prime time , robert palmer said of human feelings was still innovative and innovative by the standards of popular music in 1982 , three years after it was recorded . because critics and musicians had heard the first pressing in 1979 , the album ' s mix of funk ##y and gritty , punk and funk @ - @ 000 music sounded " new " when it was released , he wrote . " the album is certainly the first of many that has sounded very good in the new fusion of funk rock , modern funk rhythms , and free jazz . " allmusic critic scott yanow believed that although coleman ' s compositions never achieved success , they worked in the context of an album that showcased his distinctive vocal style , which was funk @ - @ brow yet distinctive . joshua klein from the a . v . club recommended of humanhailed as the definitive album for new listeners of coleman ' s harmolodics @ - @ - music , the chicago tribune rock critic greg kot included it in his guide for new jazz players ; he called it one of the few albums that helped him to become a better listener of rock music and learn how to play jazz . in 2008 , new york magazine ' s martin johnson included it in his list of best albums from what he felt had been new york ' s sceneless but vital jazz scene for the previous 40 years ; of human nature exuded what he described as a spirit of sophistication with elements of funk , soul , and african music , all of which were encapsulated in music that retained its jazz roots . = = track listing = = all compositions by ornette coleman . side one " street blues " – 3 : 45 " easy love " – 4 : 10 " him and her " – 3 : 45 " air ##time " – 6 : 11 side two " what was the name of that song ? " – 3 : 45 " the blues " – 4 : 10 " love words " – 4 : 54 " times square " – 4 : 03 = = personnel = = credits are adapted from the album ' s liner notes . = = = musicians = = = denardo coleman – drums ornette coleman – - saxophone , flute charlie ellerbee – - bern ##inger – guitar jamaaladeen tacuma – bass guitar paul weston – drums = = = additional personnel = = = susan bernstein – cover photography john corriston – cover design joe gastwirt – mastering david saint germain – engineering david goldstein – executive production harold jarowsky – - engineer steven jay needham – production ken robertson – ( producer