= dangerously in love = = the dangerously in love tour was the debut concert tour by american recording artist beyonce . although the tour was intended to showcase songs from her debut solo album , dangerously in love , ( 2003 ) the set list also contained a special segment dedicated to beyonce ' s girl group destiny ' s child and featured clips from her 2003 film the fighting temptations . the stage was simple and featured a large led screen in the back that displayed live images of beyonce and her dancers , as well as some clips from her music videos and some prerecorded images . the tour was reviewed negatively by dave simpson of the guardian who graded it with two stars out of five . the dangerously in love tour only reached europe and beyonce ' s performance at the wembley arena in london , was filmed and later released on the cd / dvd live at wembley ( 2004 ) . = = research and development = = the dangerously in love tour was the debut solo concert tour by american recording artist beyonce . the tour was intended to showcase songs from beyonce ' debut solo album , dangerously in love , in 2003 . however , the set list also included a special segment of her album dedicated to her girl group destiny ' s child and songs from beyonce ' 2003 film the fighting temptation ( " fever " and " fever " ) . the stage was simple and featured a large led screen in the back that moved up and down during the entire show and displayed live clips of beyonce and her dancers , as well as live images from her music videos and some live images with special effects . the stage also featured a small staircase and platforms on either side of the stairs for her band . beyonce also performed with missy elliott and alicia keys as ensemble for the verizon wireless first tour ( 2004 ) in north america . = = performance and interview = = dave simpson of the guardian described the nature of the show during his review : " a while before beyonce is due on stage , the voice announces that the support act won ' t be appearing and that beyonce will be with us ' for a while ' . like everything else – clothes , boots , hair and sponsorship , – women are very rare in beyonce world . an age later , cheers rise for the raising of a flag which is , er , a roadie playing with a drum kit . an hour later , the piped music starts getting even louder to the music and the cries of the children whose parents are moaning it ' s getting past their limit . " the show ends with " bad girl " which beyonce sangwhile being lowered onto the stage upside down . a highlight for the tour was her performance of " crazy in love again " . during the tour , a special 30 @ - @ live version of the song was performed . scott of the guardian reviewed the opening night of the tour negatively , grading it with two out of five stars . he was negative about beyonce ' clothing during the show , saying : " the delays may well be due to beyonce ' s wardrobe , which could trouble imelda marcos . there are skimpy dresses , tails ( for a note perfect if short version of peggy sue ' s fever ) and a general theme of low budget , high fashion . but ultimately , the real sparkle is on beyonce ' s eyes . " he also noted that " the dancers ' ' bathing suits ' make the little american girl a raunchy contrast to kylie [ minogue ] . but there ' s an interminable section where they pretend to be homies , and when beyonce sings for long , it feels like an expensive night with pop and co . " scott concluded his review by saying , " unfortunately , the armies of music professionals that put beyonce on aren ' t sure of her core sound . a typical saturday morning tv , live entertainment feel gradually gives way to a more intriguing mix between liza minelli showbiz and contemporary r & b . sure , the ticker tape of crazy in love and a night of it all suggest beyonce is better left to her fans . bizarrely , if anything , she puts the problem down to her tour bus falling off stage , but at least she ' s got one showbiz adage : the show must go on . " = = broadcasts and reviews = = on november 22 , 2003 , beyonce performed at the wembley arena in london ; this was later included on a dvd , beyonce live at wembley , which was released in november 2004 . it was accompanied by a cd comprising three previously @ - @ and previously recorded songs and a remix version of " crazy in love " , " naughty boy " and " naughty girl " . the @ - @ the @ - @ scenes footage can be also seen on the dvd . the dvd debuted at number seventeen on the billboard 200 , selling 45 @ , @ 000 copies in its first week . the dvd has been certified double platinum by the recording industry association of america for selling 200 @ , @ 000 copies . according to nielsen soundscan , it had sold 264 @ , @ 000 copies in the us by december 2007 , and as at january 1 , 2010, it has sold 197 @ , @ 000 digital copies . in an interview with the new york times in 2007 , american singer miranda lambert said that live at wembley inspired her to " take little inspiration from that [ beyonce ' s ] " for her live shows . = = set ##list = = " bad girl " " naughty girl " " toxic " " hip hop queen " " stronger " " work it out " " theme from grease " " be with you " " stronger " destiny ' s child medley : " bug , bug " " no , no , no . 1 " " bootylicious " " jumpin ' , jumpin ' " " say my name " " independent woman part i " " ' 03 bonnie & clyde " " stronger " " me , myself and i " " stronger " " crazy in love again " " crazy in love " = = tour dates = =