= west hendford cricket club , yeovil = west hendford cricket ground is a first @ - @ class cricket ground located in yeovil , somerset . the land for the ground was first leased by yeovil cricket club in 1874 , and was later used for a number of other sports , most significantly by yeovil rugby club in the 1890s , and then again from 1935 until the ground was closed . further improvements were made to the ground during the 1930s , including the opening of a new pavilion , jointly funded by the rugby and cricket clubs . the pavilion was demolished in 1944 when westland aircraft extended their facilities , and the yeovil cricket club and rugby club moved to johnson park . between 1935 and 1939 , the ground hosted five annual somerset county cricket club matches in july and august ; the first of which nearly broke the world record for ticket sales at the ground . somerset only won one of the five matches , the 1936 contest against worcestershire . = = = = = yeovil and county cricket club was formed in 1865 , and was the first attempt at setting up a county cricket team for somerset . the attempt was unsuccessful , and the club split up . in 1874 , the club was re @ - @ formed with the lesser members , as yeovil cricket club . as part of the club ' s resuscitation , the committee purchased the use of a field in west hendford , yeovil , from a local farmer , mr brook . the field , part of brook farm , was leased for £ ##400 . there is record of a match being played on the ground the following year between two sets of members of the yeovil hockey club . during the late 19th @ - @ century , the ground was used for other sports as well as cricket ; it had a # ##ed track , and also hosted yeovil football club , who at the time played both association and rugby football . the football club played at west hendford on an occasional basis during the late 19th @ - @ century , but disbanded in 1935 , by which time they only played rugby , and had changed their name accordingly to yeovil football club . in 1895 , the cricket club committee announced that there was need for a new lease , of six or seven years , and that they would make improvements to the ground to enable it to host first @ - @ class cricket . the ground was also used for ice hockey in the early 20th @ - @ century , hosting the yeovil hockey team . somerset county cricket club played their firstof five annual first @ - @ class matches at the ground in 1935 . the match , against surrey , was a major event in the town , and a series of festivities were arranged to run alongside the first @ - @ day matches , including a dance and a tea room . admission for the match , which took place from 17 to 19 august was one shilling , and attracted over 2 @ , @ 000 people , costing around £ ##60 . somerset won the match by four wickets . the profits from this match saw the yeovil cricket club make further improvements to the ground , widening it and adding further seating . the following year , somerset played worcestershire at the ground , in what the taunton gazette described as " yeovil cricket days " . the captain of yeovil cricket club , richard southcombe , was included in the somerset team , which won the match by 100 runs . the takings were much lower than the previous year due to poor lighting , but were described as " gratifying " . in 1937 , sussex beat kent at the ground , in a match that once again attracted a crowd of around 2 @ , @ 000 . the yorkshire evening post described the pitch as " excellent " towards the end of the match , including the bowlers . in 1938 yorkshire visited , and the report in the western daily press noted the condition of the pitch , which meant that the match , like the other first @ - @ class matches at the ground before it , was completed in four days , rather than the usual three . that year , a new pavilion costing £ 550 was erected on the ground for the joint use of the cricket club and the football club . the final first @ - @ class match at the ground was played in august 1939 against somerset , but heavy rain restricted the match to just three hours of play . the receipts for the first three days of the match were around £ 87 , and the taunton courier estimated that the losses for the match could be hundreds of pounds . despite the losses , almost 2 @ , @ 000 people attended the match , and the taunton courier report praised the improvements that had been made to the ground ; the removal of a fence made the pitch lighter , while the ground itself had been well looked after , and drained out . the second world war interrupted the county championship from 1940 to 1945 , and during that time , westland aircraft took over the ground to build their fleet , and informed yeovil cricket club that it was no longer needed , leading them to search for a new site in 1946 . they foundrelocated to the newly opened johnson park in 1948 . the cricket club also moved to johnson park , amalgamating itself into yeovil cricket club . after a short hiatus , somerset county cricket club returned to yeovil , playing nine fixtures at johnson park between 1951 and 1970 , and eight fixtures at westlands sports ground from 1971 to 1978 . = = records = = during its brief use as the first @ - @ somerset cricket club , only one century was scored on the ground , by jim taylor . during the 1937 match , taylor scored 100 runs for somerset . the most wickets taken by a batsman in a match at west hendford was recorded in 1938 , when hampshire ' s stuart boyes took 15 wickets , including 10 in the first innings . somerset ' s only success on the ground came in 1936 against worcestershire , who they dismissed for 46 runs in the first innings , and 47 in the second .