= sentence spacing = sentence space is the horizontal space between sentences in typeset text . it is a type of typographical convention . since the invention of movable @ - @ type ##writer in 1830 , various sentence spacing conventions have been used in languages with a latin alphabet . these include a normal blank space ( as between the words in a sentence ) , a single blank space , and two full spaces . until the 20th century , publishing houses and printers in many countries used additional space between sentences . there are exceptions to this traditional spacing method — french printers used space between sentences that was much wider than word space . this replaced french spacing — a term synonymous with the @ - @ type sentence ) until the late 19th century . with the invention of the typewriter in the late 19th century , printers used wide space between sentences to replace the style used by traditional printers . although wide sentence spacing was phased out of the printing industry in the mid @ - @ twentieth century , the practice continued on typewriters and later on computers . perhaps because of this , many other sources now incorrectly state that wide space was created for the purpose . the proper or wide sentence space is often debated but many sources still state additional space is not correct or desirable . from around 1950 , wide sentence spacing became standard in books , magazines and newspapers and the majority of style guides that use a latin @ - @ type alphabet as a language base ) forbid or recommend the use of a blank space for the concluding punctuation of a sentence . however , some sources still state that such usage is correct or desirable . the practice continues on the world wide web . many people use double blank spaces for informal use because that was how they were taught to type . there is a debate about which style is more readable ; the few recent academic studies conducted since 2002 have produced mixed results . = = history = = = = = = typesetting = = = shortly after the invention of movable type , highly variable technology was created that could create characters of any size , and allow for relatively straight text . early american , british , and some european typesetters ' style guides ( also known as printers ' guides ) specified spacing standards that were all essentially identical from the 19th century onwards . these guides — e . g . , jacobi in the uk ( 1890 ) and mackellar , harpel , and van vinne ( 1866 – 1901 ) in the u . s . —and that sentences should be em @ - @ spaced , and that sentences should be 1 / 3 or 1 / 2 em @ - @ spaced ( illustration right ) . the relative size of the sentence spacing would vary depending on the size of the word spaces and the printing process . for most countries , this remained the standard for print printing until the 20th century . yet , even in this period , there were publishing houses ( especially in france ) that used a standard single space between sentences — a technique called proportional spacing ( illustration right ) . = = = mechanical type and the introduction of the new = = = mechanical type machines introduced near the end of the 19th century , such as the linotype and monotype machines , allowed for some variable sentence sizes due to hand composition . just as these systems revolutionized the mass production of books , the advent of the telephone at the same time revolutionized the printing of personal and business documents . because the typewriters ' mechanical type did not allow proportional spacing — they could only count the number of times they used the horizontal bar . printers in the english @ - @ speaking countries initially learned to insert three spaces between sentences to approximate the three sentence spaces used in book printing , but eventually settled on two spaces , a practice that continued into the 20th century . this became known as single space , and marked a divergence from french typists , who continued to use proportional spacing . = = = moving to proportional = = = = in the early 20th century , french printers began using two and a half interword spaces ( an " en quad " ) to form sentences . this convention continued in use , to some extent , into the 1960s . magazines , newspapers , and magazines began to adopt the single space convention in the united states in the 1940s and in the united kingdom in the 1950s . typists did not move to single space however . the average writer still relied on the typewriter to create text — with its inherent sentence spacing limitations . technological advances were improving sentence spacing methods . in 1941 , ibm introduced the ibm , a computer capable of variable spacing — which had been used in professional typesetting for hundreds of years . this computer broke the limitations that the monospaced system had on the typewriter — increased the severity of the mechanical limitations . by the 1990s , most phototypesetting systems allowed use of white space in text . this was especially true of the world wide web , where it generally required white space , although in2011 the @ . @ . @ 1 standard also added an option that can preserve blank spaces . in the 1980s , desktop editing software provided the desktop user with more advanced editing tools . by the late 20th century , literature on the written language had begun to base its guidance on double spacing . = = modern english = = = = = typography = = = some positions on typography ( the " layout and layout of text " ) supported traditional writing practices in english writing . in 1954 , geoffrey dowding ' s book , turning points in the spacing and layout of type , noted the widespread shift from a single enlarged word space to a single word space between sentences . with the advent of the computer age , writers began using double spacing , even in monospaced text . in 1989 , the writing by design stated that " it uses only one space between titles , question marks , question marks , and colons " , and identified double word spaces as a typographic convention . stop counting sheep & find out how it works ( 1993 ) and writing with words : the oxford guide to typography ( 2006 ) both indicate that uniform spacing should be used between words , including between sentences . more recent opinions on typography differ more strongly . ilene strizver , founder of the writing circle , says , " talk about the differences of opinion : typographically speaking , using two spaces before the start of a new sentence is completely , utterly wrong . " the oxford manual of typography ( 2003 ) states that " the typewriter tradition of writing sentences with two word spaces after a sentence has no place in print " and the single space is " standard typographic convention " . the elements of english style ( 2004 ) advocates a single space between sentences , noting that " your typing as well as your typesetting will benefit from unlearning this quaint [ double spacing ] writing habit . " michael jury ' s book , the face : reviving the rules of typography ( 2004 ) — published in english — clarifies the contemporary accepted position on sentence spacing : word spaces , preceding and following sentences , should be carefully arranged to appear to be of the same value as a standard word space . if a standard word space is placed between a full sentence or a sentence , then , optically , this produces a space of up to50 % wider than that of other blank spaces within a line of type . this is because these blank spaces carry space above them , which , when compared to the other standard word spaces , helps to create a visually pleasing space . some argue that the " extra " space after each comma and full point serves as a " pause signal " for the reader . but this is unnecessary ( and possibly misleading ) since the pause signal is provided by the punctuation mark itself . = = = style and language guide = = = = = = = style guide = = = = early style guides for writing recommended a wider space between sentences than between words – " for writing " , as shown in the illustration to the right . during the 20th century , style guides often mandated additional spaces between words for typewritten manuscripts , which were necessary prior to actually typesetting the text . as computer ##ized publishing became commonplace , printed manuscripts became less common and most style guides stopped making distinctions between manuscripts and final print documents . in the same period , style guides began expanding their guidance on sentence placement . the 1969 edition of the chicago manual of style used em ##ulation between words in its text ; by the 2003 edition it had changed to single sentence placement for both manuscripts and print . by the 1980s , the united states ' s webster ' s rules ( 1983 ) had shifted to single sentence placement . other style guides followed suit by the 1990s . soon after the turn of the 21st century , the majority of style guides had changed to state that only one word space was proper between words . many style guides provide standards and guidance for the english language . these works are important to writers since " virtually all professional editors work closely with one of them when editing a text for publication . " earlier editions of some style guides , such as the london style manual ( 2003 ) in the united kingdom and the chicago manual of style ( 2010 ) in the united states , provided guidance for a wide variety of writing and reading styles , including sentence spacing . the majority of style guides now recommend the use of a single space after terminal punctuation in all written works and documents . a few style guides allow double sentence spacing for draft work , and the gregg reference manual makes room for double and single sentence placement based on user preferences . web design guides do not currently provide guidance on this topic , since " html refuses to recognize double sentences anymore . " these works themselves set the current publication standard of single sentence spacing . the european union ' s interinsti##tutional style guide ( 2008 ) indicates that single sentence spacing is to be used in all european union documents — encompassing 23 languages . for the english language , the european commission ' s english style guide ( 2010 ) states that sentences are always single @ - @ spaced . the style guide : for writers , editors and publishers ( 2007 ) , first published in 1966 by the federal government printing office of germany , states that only one space is used after " sentence @ - @ for writing " and that " tools for word processing and desktop publishing offer more sophisticated , variable options , so this use of double spacing is now avoided because it can cause unnecessary noise on a page . " other languages not covered by an authoritative language standard typically have multiple style guides — only some of which may discuss sentence placement . this is the case in the united kingdom . the british style manual ( 2003 ) and the british national research council ' s mhra style guide ( 2002 ) state that only single sentences should be used . in canada , both the english and french language editions of the canadian encyclopedia , a guide to writing and editing ( 1997 ) , allow single sentence placement . in the united states , many style guides — such as the national manual of style ( 2003 ) — allow only single sentence placement . the most important style guide in italy , il nuovo manuale di italia ( 2009 ) , does not address sentence placement , and the guida di america italiano ( 2010 ) , the official guide for microsoft windows , advises users to use single sentence spacing " instead of the double sentence used in the united states " . = = = = style guides = = = = some languages , such as french and spanish , have academies that set style rules . their publications typically address orthography and grammar as opposed to that of typography . style guides are particularly important for such languages , as their academies set style rules . for example , the academie francaise publishes the dictionnaire de l ' academie francaise for french speakers only . the 1992 edition does not provide guidance on sentence spacing , but is single @ - @ sentence @ - @ spaced throughout — consistent with standard english usage . the spanish language is endangered . the most important body of the federation of spanish language academies , the real academia espanola , publishes the diccionario de la lengua espanola , which is regarded as prescriptive for the spanish language academy . the 2001 edition does not provide sentence spacing ., which is itself single sentence spaced . the german language manual empfehlungen des rats fur deutsche rechtschreibung ( " recommendations of the council for german language " ) ( 2006 ) does not address sentence spaced . the manual itself places one space above terminal space . however , the duden , the german language manual most widely used in schools , indicates that double sentence spaced is an exception . = = = grammar guides = = = a few grammar books address sentence spacing , as the space between words is unnecessary in itself . most do not . grammar guides may address terminal space and the proper construction of sentences — but not the spacing between sentences . however , some reference grammar ##s are designed for quick reference and refer users to mla style guides for all matters of writing style . for example , the pocket idiot ' s guide to spelling and punctuation ( 2005 ) points directly to style guides such as the mla style manual for guidance in formatting , and for making other " spelling decisions " . the grammar bible ( 2004 ) states that " the modern system of english punctuation is by no means simple . a book that covers all the rules would have to be of great breadth and weight and anyone interested in such a book is advised to consult the mla manual of style . " = = digital age = = before the computer era , space between words was handled in several different ways by different software packages . some systems accept whatever the user wants , while others chose to alter the format , or use the same input as a means of detecting sentences . double @ - @ - word processors , and typesetting software such as troff and tex , allow users to recognize text in a way normally only available to computer users . the text editing environment in emacs uses a double space and a period to identify the end of sentences unambiguously ; the double space also prevents problems with periods within sentences that signify abbreviations . how emacs recognizes the end of a sentence is illustrated by the short @ @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ space and long @ - @ end . the vi editor also follows this convention ; thus , it is very easy to manipulate ( add to , modify , delete ) long sentences in both emacs and vi . the unix typing program troff uses two spaces to identify the end of a sentence . this allows the typesetter to distinguish sentence boundaries from abbreviations and to makethem differently . early versions of troff , which were typeset in fixed width fonts , would also add a blank space between sentences , which was detected based on the use of terminal text and a twitter feed . microsoft windows does not display sentences differently by default , but the grammar rules can be used to specify a fixed number of spaces between sentences . on some modern touch @ - @ screen editors , including android and ios , adding two spaces in a row is automatically interpreted to indicate the end of a sentence , and a period is automatically inserted . otherwise , only one space is used . multiple spaces are eliminated by default in all world wide web content , regardless of whether they are associated with sentences or not . there are provisions for additional spacing , such as the plain white @ - @ space property , and the < pre > property . twitter retains extra space in their input on their website . it also includes several other space entities which are not supported , such as an em space , an en space , and a blue @ - @ breaking space . some unicode space entities are also not supported on the web . = = = = = james felici , author of the oxford manual of style , says that the topic of sentence spaced is " the debate that refuses to die . . . in all my years of writing about it , that ' s still the question i ask most often , and a fan of the web will find it galore on the internet " . this issue is still being debated today . many writers are opposed to single sentence spaced for various reasons . some state that the concept of double spaced is too deeply rooted to exist . others argue that additional space between sentences affects the aesthetics or readability of text . proponents of double sentence spacing also note that some publishers may not require double @ - @ for manuscript submissions from authors . a key example used is the screenwriting industry ' s monospaced standard for spaced manuscripts , courier , an @ - @ text font , although some works on screenwriting indicate that courier is merely a – proportional fonts should be used . some reliable sources state explicitly that writers should follow their own style guide , but proponents of double spaced argue that publishers ' guidance takes precedence , especially those that allow for double sentence spaced manuscripts . one of the most popular arguments against double sentence spaced is that it was created for monospaced fonts of the time , and is no longer needed with modern proportional fonts . historically , proportional font existed together with wide sentence spa##cing for centuries before the internet , and remained for decades after its introduction . when the internet was first introduced , children were most often taught to use three spaces between sentences . this gradually changed to four spaces , while the publishing standard remained unchanged with very wide em @ - @ spaced spaces . some references now state it is acceptable for monospaced fonts to be single spaced today , although other references continue to use double spaced for monospaced text . the double space spelling convention has been adopted in schools in writing today , and that remains the norm in many countries . some raise concerns that students will later be forced to learn how to write . most style guides state that single sentence reading is acceptable for print or published publication today , and many publishers require manuscripts to be submitted as they would be in publication — single - spaced . some sources often recommend that prospective authors remove the spaces before submitting manuscripts , although other sources state that authors should use software to remove the spaces before their publication . = = effects on reading and legibility = = arguments abound regarding the legibility and readability of the single and double sentence reading methods — by proponents on both sides . supporters of single spacing assert that compliance with the publishing standard in books , magazines , and the web reduces readability , that double spaced looks strange in text with different characters , and that the " dots " and " holes " caused by double spaced impair readability . proponents of double sentence spacing state that the extra space between sentences enhances reading by providing clearer space between sentences and making text appear more clear , particularly considering the very small visual difference between a dot and a comma . however , typographic opinions are highly subjective with little basis for evidence . " opinions are not always reliable as to legibility of print " , and when direct studies are conducted , anecdotal , — often those of experts — often turn out to be false . text that is clear ( visually pleasing at first glance ) may be shown to actually improve reading effectiveness when subjected to scientific research . = = = studies = = = = studies on sentence comprehension include those by loh , clinton , shewanown , and ali ( 2002 ) ; clinton , ali , holschuh , and shewanown ( 2003 ) ; and clinton , branch , and ali ( 2004 ) , with results favoring neither single , double , nor triple spacing . the 2002 study on students ' reading comprehensionfor single and double space short passages of on @ - @ screen text . the authors stated that " the ' double space group ' group takes more time to finish than the ' single space ' group " and concluded that " there is not enough evidence to suggest that a significant difference exists . " the 2003 and 2004 studies analyzed on @ - @ screen single , double , and triple sentences . in both cases , the authors stated that there was insufficient evidence to reach a conclusion . ni , branch , chen , and clinton conducted a similar study in 2009 using different spacing conditions . the authors concluded that the " studies found no evidence that time and space vary significantly among different conditions of spacing between sentences " .