= the crab with the golden claws = the crab with the golden claws ( french : le crabe aux pinces d ' or ) is the ninth volume of the adventures of tintin , the comics series by belgian cartoonist herge . the story was published weekly in le soir jeunesse , the children ' s supplement to le soir , belgium ' s leading francophone newspaper , from october 1940 to october 1941 amidst the german occupation of belgium during world war ii . partway through publication , le soir jeunesse was cancelled and the story began to be serialised weekly in the supplement of le soir . the story tells of young belgian reporter tintin and his friend snowy , who travel to china to investigate a case of chinese opium smugglers . the crab with the golden claws was published in book form shortly after its publication . herge continued the adventures of tintin with the morning star , and the book itself became a defining part of the franco @ - @ claire comics tradition . in 1943 , herge coloured and redrew the book in his own franco @ - @ claire style for casterman ' s company . the crab with the golden claws introduced the recurring character captain hook , who became a permanent fixture of the series . the book was the first tintin book published in the united states and the first to be adapted into a motion picture . the crab with the golden claws was adapted for the 1956 belvision television animation herge ' s adventures of tintin , for the 1991 ellipse / nelvana animated series the adventures of tintin , and for the 2011 film directed by steven spielberg . = = = = = tintin is informed by snowy and others of a mystery involving the murder of a young man , later killed , along with a scrap of paper from what appears to be a piece of crab , with the word " karaboudjan " written on it . his subsequent search and the kidnapping of a young man interested in giving him a letter leads tintin to a restaurant called the karaboudjan , where he is attacked by a band of pirates who have planted opium in the cooking tins . tintin escapes from his locked room . he breaks through his door and tintin knocks out a servant sent to bring him food , leaving the captain bound and gagged in the room . tintin encounters captain hook , an alcoholic sea captain , who is accompanied by his first mate , allan , and is unaware of his crew ' s criminal activities . tintinhides in the locker on the bridge and finds jumbo , the pirate hiding in the cabin , while allan discovers tintin has jumped out of the porthole back into the storeroom . allan kicks open the storeroom door , and finding it empty goes back to the captain ' s cabin , where he finds jumbo tied to a chair and dead . escaping the ship in a lifeboat and sending a false message to the captain about the situation , a seaplane attempts to attack them . tintin and the captain board the plane , beat up the pilots , and try to reach spain . allan ' s reckless behaviour in the storm causes them to mas @ - @ land in the sahara , where the crew survive . after stumbling across the desert and nearly dying of thirst , tintin and thomson are rescued and taken to a military outpost , where they hear on the radio the storm sunk the karaboudjan . they travel to a moroccan port , and on the way are attacked by moroccan pirates , defending themselves with their mas @ - @ 36 rifles . at the port , some of his old friends kidnap the captain after he recognises their ship karaboudjan . tintin tells thomson and thompson who got his message , and they learn that the moroccan merchant omar ben salaad sold the crab tins ; tintin tells thomson and thompson to discreetly hide . tintin tracks down the gang and saves the captain , but they both become intoxicated by the fumes from wine barrels resulting in a shootout with the pirates . haddock chases the mas @ - @ 36 from the cellar to an alley behind a window in salaad ' s house . upon sobering up , tintin discovers a necklace of a crab with golden claws from the mas @ - @ 36 owner of the wine barrel , omar ben salaad , and realizes that he is the leader of the drug cartel . allan steals a car and starts escaping , but tintin finds him . the police arrest the crew and free the mysterious man , who introduces himself as bunji kuraki , a french sailor who was sent to warn tintin of the danger he was up against . he had been watching the man in haddock ' s house who drowned ; the man was on the verge of selling him out before he was eliminated . turning on the police , tintin discovers that , unknown to him , the entire crew of the crab with the golden claws is behind bars . = = = = = = = = = = = =as the belgian army clashed with the advancing germans in may 1940 , herge and his wife fled by car to france along with tens of thousands of other belgians , first arriving in paris and then heading back to puy @ - @ - @ - @ - , where they stayed for several months . on 28 june , belgian king leopold iii officially surrendered the country to the german army to avoid further fighting ; a decision that herge agreed with . germany placed belgium under occupation . herge followed the king ' s request that all civilians who had fled the country return ; he arrived back in brussels on 30 june . there , he found that an officer of the german army ' s propagandastaffel occupied his house , and he also faced financial trouble , as he owed back taxes and was unable to access his own reserves ( his money received from casterman never arrived ) . all belgian newspapers were now under the control of the german occupying authorities . the daily newspaper le vingtieme siecle and its supplement le petit vingtieme , where herge had already been writing the adventures of tintin , no longer had funds to continue publication . land of black gold , the magazine that herge had been writing himself , had to be abandoned . victor matthys , the rexist editor of le pays reel , offered herge employment as a journalist , but herge perceived le pays reel as an explicitly nazi newspaper and thus declined the position . instead , he accepted a position with le soir , belgium ' s leading francophone daily newspaper . freed from its original censorship , the belgian authorities allowed le soir to reopen under the direction of belgian editor raymond de becker , although it remained firmly under nazi control , supporting the allied war effort and promoting anti @ - @ semitism . upon joining le soir on 1 october , herge created its first children ' s supplement , le soir jeunesse . appointed editor of this supplement , he was assisted by his friend pierre jamin and the cartoonist jacques van melkebeke . the first issue of le soir jeunesse was launched with a simple announcement on the cover : " tintin et milou sont revenus ! " ( " tintin and snowy are back ! " ) . some belgians were upset that herge was forced to work for a newspaper run by the new nazi administration ; he received an anonymous letter from " the father of a jewish family " urging him not to work for le soir , fearing that the adventures of tintinwould it be used to indoctrinate readers into nazi ideology , and that as a result " they could no longer speak of god , of the christian faith , of the christian ideal . . . [ how ] could you agree to participate in this terrible act , a real sin against god ? " herge however was heavily enticed by the size of le soir ' s circulation , which was 600 @ , @ 000 , far more than what le vingtieme siecle had been able to accomplish . faced with the rise of nazi germany , herge abandoned the explicitly christian tone that had characterized much of his earlier work , instead adopting a policy of neutrality . without the need to include political satire , john harrison writes that " herge was now concentrating more on plot and on developing a new style of black humor . the public reacted positively . " = = = publication = = = the crab with the golden claws began appearing in le soir jeunesse on 17 october 1940 . however , on 8 august 1941 , a paper shortage caused by the ongoing war led to the le soir jeunesse being reduced to four pages , with the length of the daily tintin strip being reduced to two @ - @ pages . several months later , on 3 september 1941 , the paper disappeared altogether , with the crab with the golden claws being moved into le soir itself in september , where it became a daily strip . as a result , herge was forced to alter the pace at which his strip moved , as he had to hold the reader ' s attention until the end of the line . as with earlier adventures of tintin , the story was first published in french in the catholic magazine cœurs vaillants from 1 june 1942 . following this , casterman put together and published the story in book form in 1941 ; the last black @ - @ and @ - @ - tintin volume to be released . for this collected edition , herge thought of renaming the story , instead of the red lotus ( to the earlier adventures the blue lotus and the yellow lotus ) and the @ - @ based on la crabe aux pinces d ' or ( the crab with the golden claws ) . herge was annoyed that casterman had sent the book to the printers without his prior permission . however , as a result of le soir ' s publication , book sales greatly increased , to the extent that most of the prior adventures of tintin were reprinted as a whole . german troops made two exceptions :see adventures of tintin in america and the mysterious island because they were set in the united states and britain respectively , both of which were in alliance with germany . the serial introduced the character of captain hook . haddock made his first appearance in le soir adjacent to an advertisement for the anti @ - @ - german film , jud suß . herge chose the name " haddock " for the character because his wife , germaine remi , ate " a nice little lobster " during a meal . the inclusion of the japanese private eye bunji kuraki as an ally of tintin ' s in this story was probably designed to counter herge ' s portrayal of the japanese as the antagonists in his previous story , the blue lotus , especially given that the british government was allied with japan at the time . the use of africa as a setting was likely inspired by the lost squadron by french writer joseph peyre , which herge had read and watched the film in 1936 . the depiction of the french foreign legion in north africa was probably influenced by j . f . benson ' s the beau geste ( 1925 ) or its film adaptations in 1926 , 1928 , and 1939 . whereas herge ' s use of chinese in the blue lotus was authentic , the chinese script used in the crab with the golden claws was entirely fictitious . some of the place names featured in the series were fictitious : the town of kefheir was a pun on the french que faire ? ( " what ought to be fair ? " ) while the town of bagghar was from the french baggare ( scrape , a scrape ) . the name of omar ben salaad was a pun meaning " # ##s " in french . in february 1942 , casterman suggested to herge that his books be published in a new format ; 60 @ - @ pages rather than the former 100 to 130 pages , and now in full colour rather than black @ - @ and @ - @ white . he agreed to this , and in 1943 the crab with the golden claws was re @ - @ edited and prepared for publication as an annual in 1944 . due to the changes in how the adventure had been published at le soir , the book at this juncture was only 58 pages long , and so herge replaced the 58 pages with four extra @ - @ page - pages , thus bringing it back to the original 62 @ - @ page format . in the 1960s , the crab with the golden claws , along with the ottokar ' s2 , became the first tintin adventures published in the united states , in little golden books . however , casterman , working with the american publisher dell publishing , made a number of changes : jumbo , the sailor who tintin has bound and chained in captain haddock ' s cabin , as well as another man who beats haddock in the jungle , could not meet the africans as depicted in the book ; these were changed to a white man and an african due to the american publisher ' s concerns about blacks and whites working together . the accompanying text was not altered , however , and arthur still refers to the man who beat him as a " negro " . also by request of the americans , photographs of haddock taken both from bottles of champagne on the boat and the plane were cut out , leaving only the text . the original albums also had their blanked out redrawn by herge to be more acceptable , and they appear this way in published editions around the world . casterman published the original , @ - @ and @ - @ disguised version of the story in 1980 , as part of the first edition in their archives herge collection . in 1989 , they then published a facsimile edition of that first edition . = = = = = = herge biographer benoit peeters described the book as a " milestone " for the adventures of tintin and described the appearance of arthur as " a whole new experience " , one which " profoundly changed the tone of the series " . however , he felt that it is arthur ' s appearance which " makes this story so memorable " and that he was tempted to define the book by that character ' s debut . the biographer pierre assouline wrote that the cat with the golden hair had " a certain charm " resulting from its use of " humour and a fascination , for the french especially , with their holdings in north africa . " michael farr wrote that the use of pirates was the most " original " element of the story , offering the series " tremendous artistic freedom " . he also thought that the dream sequences reflected the popularity of television at the time , and that the influence of cinema , in particular the work of alfred hitchcock , was apparent in the story . jean @ - @ - lofficier and jean lofficier described the story as " a thinly @ - @ disguised version of cigars of the pharaoh " , an episode of tintin which had been first serialised in 1934 . both described the appearance of a , "tin ##tin and cigars " , and " desert ##ers , nomadic , and , at the end , the leader of a secret secret society . " they also noted that overall , the story represented " a turning point in herge ' s career " , because he decided to switch to a regular column in le soir , although as a result of this they noted that the final third of the story " seems rushed " . stating that the inclusion of a japanese detective investigating arms smuggling in the mediterranean makes no sense in the context of 1940s europe , they ultimately awarded the story three out of five stars . literary critic , @ - @ marie apostolides of stanford university , in his psychoanalytical analysis of the crab with the golden claws , commented that this book represents tintin ' s " real entrance into the world of human beings " as he finds an " older brother " in haddock . he also believed that the recurring image of alcohol in the story was symbolic of sexuality . in particular , he believed that there was a strong homoerotic subtext between haddock and tintin , particularly in the two delirious sequences ; in one , he envisions tintin as a beer bottle frothing at the mouth ( thus implying an erect penis ) , while in the other , tintin discovers that he is trapped in a bottle , with someone attempting to stick a needle into him ( thus implying sexual penetration ) . however , apostolides noted , in both instances the pair are prevented from realising their sexual desire . literary critic kim newman concurred with apostolides on this point , also highlighting what he saw as sexual undertones to these two scenes . newman also noted that in this story , the scene in which a chance finding of a beer can in a belgian street leads tintin into the jungle is representative of the recurring image of " tintin the pirate " found throughout the series . = = = = = in 1947 , the first tintin motion picture was created : the @ - @ - @ motion feature , the crab with the golden claws , was adapted by jean wilfried bouchery for director claude misonne . it was first shown at the abc theatre on 1 january 1947 for a group of invited guests . it was screened there only once , on 1 december of that year , before bouchery declared bankruptcy and returned to france . in 1957 , the animation studio belvision studios produced a string of animated adaptations ofupon herge ' s first request , adapted eight of the adventures into a series of daily 24 @ - @ minute episodes . the crab with the golden claws was the first such story to be adapted , being drawn by ray goossens and written by greg , himself a well @ - @ comic cartoonist who in later years would become editor @ - @ in @ - @ magazine of tintin magazine . in 1991 , a second animated series based upon the adventures of tintin was produced , this time as a collaboration between the american studio animation and the canadian animation company nelvana . adapting eight of the stories into a series of episodes , each 42 minutes long , with most episodes lasting two episodes , the crab with the golden claws was the seventh story adapted for the series . directed by stephane bernasconi , critics have praised the series for being " generally faithful " , with compositions having been almost entirely taken from the stories in the original comic strips . a motion picture animated movie titled the adventures of tintin : the secret of the unicorn directed by steven spielberg and produced by peter jackson was released in the us on 21 november 2011 and in canada at the end of december 2011 . parts of the film are taken from the crab with the golden claws including the meeting and first meeting of tintin and captain hook , the karaboudjan , the trip to bagghar , and the soup kitchen ( although the story involving the smuggled beans was not included ) . a dvd @ - @ to tie @ - @ in to the movie was released in 2011 . = = = popular culture = = = the first episode of the adventures of the simpsons bart simpson makes a derogatory comment about himself , causing his mother marge to threaten him with " throwing his tintins away " , whereupon he clutches a copy of the tintin and the crab with the golden claws to his chest , promising he ' ll return .