= l . a . m . b . = l . a . m . b . is a fashion line by american singer gwen stefani , the lead singer of the rock band no doubt . the company manufactures apparel and fashion accessories . it was founded in 2003 and made its runway debut in 2004 . the fashion line includes accessories , shoes , watches , jewelry and a fragrance called " l . " the name is an acronym of her debut solo album love . angel . music . baby . the line is influenced by a variety of fashions cultures , including italian , mexican , mexican and jamaican culture . stefani came from a family of seamstresses . this experience inspired her to create her own fashion line . the line achieved popularity among teenagers and was worn by stars such as teri hatcher , nicole kidman , paris hilton and stefani herself . the fashion line made its runway debut with the spring collection of 2004 and achieved mainstream success at new york fashion week in 2005 . it currently makes an annual gross revenue of $ 100 million . the line , as well as the fashion accessories , was well received by critics and brought the image of a celebrity into the fashion industry . an original fashion line was created by stefani called harajuku lovers . in late 2014 stefani announced she would be developing an anime series that is based on the albums love , angel , music and baby . the series , kuukuu harajuku follows the harajuku lovers , known collectively as hj5 , as they fight evil and try to pursue their music career . = = = = = stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother would sew clothes for themselves when she was young . stefani came from a long line of designers , and even her great @ - @ mother would sew clothes . stefani designed most of the things she wore herself during concerts . when she became successful and began to tour internationally , she felt she lost her mind . then she met the stylist andrea lieberman . lieberman introduced her to haute luxury clothing . later lieberman became her creative director and zaldy goco took over as the head designer . goco later parted ways with l . a . m . b . l . a . m . b . started out as a collaboration with lesportsac in 2003 . the name l . a . m . b . is an acronym which stands for love . angel . music . baby . , which is also the name of stefani ' sfirst solo collection . = = products = = the product line includes clothes , apparel , bags and the fragrance , " l " . the brand started out as a line for women . now the clothing buyers are men . the clothes are manufactured by ska girl llc , which was founded in 2003 by ken erman , founder of l . a . m . b . as for its other products , l . a . m . b has been more of a luxury clothing line . now the company is teaming up with another manufacturer , which is why the official website is closed . l . a . m . b partnered with the crown for the shoe line . stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and shoes . l . a . m . b partnered with coty inc . for the fragrance and with lesportsac for it in 2003 . stefani went on to launch a new line of bags with shifter and company in 2006 . the bags feature lesportsac ' s signature rip @ - @ up leather bags with a combination of black leather hardware , leather straps and colorful designs . stefani plans to design bags as well as make @ - @ up products for l . a . m . b . l . a . m . b . partnered with diamond watches for a line of women ' s watches . the collection consists of 39 timepieces . l . a . m . b . products are relatively priced , with bags priced $ 55 to $ 1100 , handbags priced $ 750 to $ 825 , and watches priced $ 125 to $ 995 . = = = fragrance = = = coty inc . has a worldwide licensing agreement with stefani , to design and produce fragrances for l . a . m . b . john walsh , senior vice president , global fragrances , coty inc , said in a statement - " from the packaging to the bottle design to the distinctive scent itself , we will be working very closely with stefani to ensure that her new fragrance captures her unique beauty , style and personality , " stefani said , " creating this fragrance is one of the most important things a designer can do . " the fragrance , " l " , debuted in october , 2007 at soho house in new york . stefani worked with perfumer michael brown to create the fragrance . stefani described the fragrance as " it ' s another thing you can wear and another thing you can be proud of " . i created it for myself - - it ' s just aturned into a cloud . " the perfume is a blend of the aromas of vanilla , japanese jasmine , fresh pear , jasmine , jasmine , rose , lily , sweet pea , orange blossom , strawberry , frangipani , vanilla and jasmine . the perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles . = = promotion and runway shows = = stefani often refers to her clothing line and her music , as part of the label ' s promotional items . stefani refers to her clothing line in her songs " wind it up , " " harajuku girls , " and " crash " ( which also incorporates the brand ' s slogan , " i want you all over me like l . a . m . b . " ) . stefani is often seen wearing her signature perfume , especially when making public appearances . a thirty @ - @ music video directed by sophie muller was also created to promote the label ' s fragrance . l . a . m . b . b participated in the spring / summer 2006 , 2007 , and 2008 new york fashion weeks . stefani described her clothing line , which debuted on october 16 , 2005 , as " a little sound of jazz , some orange , chola fruit , some pop , and a bit of the great gatsby . " the highlights of the collection were purple cars bouncing using lights . stefani ' s song " wind it up " made its debut as the models walked the runway . for spring / summer 2007 , stefani opted for a runway rather than a fashion show . the models , all donning long blond hair , wore costumes stefani said were inspired by michelle pfeiffer ' s role as elvira hancock in the 1983 scarface . the show included several of stefani ' s signature tracksuits and extensively used costumes from guatemala , mexico , and japan . on september 5 , 2007 , l . a . m . b opened new york ' s spring / summer 2008 mercedes @ - @ benz fashion week . the collection " looked like the sixties as seen by people who grew up in the sixties " and incorporated elements from stefani ' s ska ##nk . fashion week director fern mallis said that celebrity designers brought inspiration and energy to the fashion show , which made stefani ' s collection a grand opener . = = positive reviews = = the collection was very well received by critics and stefani was appreciated for taking fashion seriously even though she was a celebrity . fern mallis of img praised the collection and stefani 'well and said , " the l . a . m . b . look is clearly at the top of these lines and is as unique and unique as gwen herself . " the shoes were well received by the press , though considered to be pricey . desiree stimpert of about . com said , " . . . these shoes aren ' t for everyone , but they most definitely appeal to fans of ms . stefani ' s style and fashion - sense . " tim goodman of entertainment weekly said , " l . a . m . b . ' s embellished tracksuits , rasta @ - @ inspired knits , and pop @ - @ inspired shoes deliver the message " nicole phelps of about . com said , " the style , which looks like the sixties as worn by someone who grew up in the eighties , is much more wearable and on trend . " fashion journalist cathy horyn of the new york times differed and said , " if ever there was a reason for a pop star to concentrate on her vocal style , it was gwen stefani ' s fashion sense . " = = = = = = the line is sold in 275 stores worldwide and is worn by celebrities including teri hatcher , nicole kidman , kelly ripa , paris hilton , and stefani herself . l . a . m . b . have grown from $ 50 million in 2005 to a predicted $ 100 million in 2007 . according to a nordstrom spokesperson , the debut of l . a . m . b . ' s shoe line , which sold out in two weeks , was the store ' s most successful product launch ever . the brand ' s shoes have appeared in vogue , marie claire , elle , glamour and instyle .