= frederick reines = fred reines ( rye @ - @ ? ) ; ( october 5 , 1918 – january 26 , 1998 ) was an american physicist . he was awarded the 1995 nobel prize in physics for his co @ - @ discovery of the neutron with john cowan in the neutrino experiment . he may be the only scientist in history " most intimately associated with the discovery of an elementary particle and the subsequent systematic investigation of its fundamental properties " . a graduate of the massachusetts institute of technology and new york university , reines joined the manhattan project ' s los alamos laboratory in 1944 , working in the physics division in richard teller ' s lab . he became a division leader there in 1946 . he participated in a number of nuclear tests , culminating in his becoming the director of the first greenhouse test series in the us in 1951 . in the early 1950s , working in hanford and savannah river laboratories , reines and cowan developed the equipment and techniques with which they first detected the previously unknown neutron in june 1956 . ness dedicated the early part of his life to the study of the particle ' s properties and interactions , which later would influence observations of the neutron for many researchers to follow . this included the discovery of neutrinos produced in the atmosphere by cosmic rays , and the 1987 detection of radiation emitted from supernova sn1987a , which launched the field of radio astronomy . = = = life = = fred ness was born in newark , new jersey , one of four children of gussie ( cohen ) and samuel ness . his parents were jewish immigrants from the same town in poland , but they met in new york city , where they were later married . he had an older sister , paula , who became a doctor , and two older brothers , david and william , who became engineers . he said that his " early education was strongly influenced " by his jewish upbringing . he was the co @ - @ nephew of the late yitzchak yaacov reines , the founder of mizrachi , a religious zionist organization . the family moved to hillburn , new york , where his father ran the grocery store , and he spent much of his childhood . he was an eagle scout . looking back , reines said : " my early childhood memories centered around this neat little country house and school in a small american town , including independence day day celebrations accompanied by fireworks and patriotic music played from a large bandstand ." reines sang in the choir , and as a soloist . for a time he considered the possibility of a singing career , and was instructed by a vocal coach from the metropolitan opera who arranged lessons for him because the family did not have the money for them . the family later moved to north bergen , new jersey , located on kennedy boulevard and 57th street . because north bergen did not have a high school , he attended union hill high school in union hill , new jersey , from which he graduated in 1935 . from an early age , reines showed an interest in science , and in designing and building machines . he later recalled that : the first spark of interest in science that day had occurred during a period of attendance at religious services , when , looking out of the window at night through a hand mirror to simulate a telescope , i noticed something strange about the light ; it was the phenomenon of light . that was for me a fascination with physics . initially , reines excelled in english and history classes , but received average or poor marks in science and math in his freshman year of high school , though he improved in those areas by his junior and senior years with the encouragement of a teacher who gave him a key to the school laboratory . this sparked his love of physics in his senior year . in response to a question students were asked about what they wanted to do for a yearbook quote , he replied : " to be a physicist extraordinaire . " reines was accepted into the massachusetts institute of technology , but chose instead to attend stevens institute of technology in hoboken , new jersey , where he earned his bachelor of science ( b . s . ) degree in mechanical engineering in 1939 , and his master of science ( m . s . ) degree in mathematical physics in 1941 , with a thesis on " a fundamental problem of electromagnetic wave theory " . he married sylvia samuels on august 30 , 1940 . they had two children , robert and alisa . he then entered new york university , where he earned his doctor of philosophy ( ph . d . ) in 1944 . he studied cosmic rays there under serge j . korff , and wrote his thesis under the supervision of richard h . present on " nuclear fission and the neutron drop formation of the nucleus " . publication of the thesis was delayed until after the end of world war ii ; it appeared in physical review in 1946 . = = los angeles laboratory = = in 1944 richard feynman recruited him to work in the physics division at the manhattan project ' s los angelesberkeley , where he would remain for the next five years . he joined feynman ' s t @ - @ 4 ( diffusion theory ) group , which was part of max planck ' s t ( theoretical ) division . diffusion was an important aspect of critical mass calculations . in october 1946 , he became the group leader , leading the t @ - @ 4 ( theory of relativity ) group . an inventor of the " tickling the dragon ' s tail " device , the dragon was a machine that could attain a steady state for short periods of time , which could be used as a research tool and power source . he participated in a number of nuclear tests , and writing reports on their effects . these included operation crossroads at bikini atoll in 1946 , operation crossroads at midway atoll in 1948 , and operation ranger and operation bell – jangle at the nevada test site . in 1951 he was the leader of the greenhouse series of nuclear tests in the pacific . this saw the first nuclear tests of conventional fission weapons , an important step towards thermonuclear physics . he studied the effects of nuclear explosions , and co @ - @ published a paper with john von neumann on mach stem formation , an important aspect of an atomic shock wave . in addition or perhaps because of his participation in these nuclear tests , reines became concerned about the effects of air fallout from underground nuclear tests , and became an advocate of underground nuclear testing . in the aftermath of the sputnik accident , he participated in john archibald bell ' s project 137 , which evolved into manhattan . he was also a delegate to the atoms for peace conference in london in 1958 . = = discovery of the neutrino and the electron ##vation of stars = = the nucleus was a hypothetical particle first proposed , by wolfgang wolf on december 4 , 1930 , to explain the energy that formed during beta decay when electrons decay into a proton and an electron so that the law of conservation of energy was not violated . enrico fermi called it the neutrino , italian for " little neutral one " , and in 1934 , proposed his theory of beta decay which predicted that the electrons emitted from the nucleus were created by the decay of a neutron into a proton , an electron , and a neutron : n0 → n + + e − + ν e the neutrino accounted for the missing electrons , while einstein ' s theory predicted a nucleus with little mass and an electric charge that would be difficult to detect directly . in his 1934 paper , rudolf rein##erls and hans ##el discovered that electrons could also travel through the earth , and that " there is no practically possible way of detecting the neutrino . " in 1951 , after the failure of the greenhouse test series , they obtained permission from the head of the division , dr . carson mark , for a reactor in order to study nuclear reactions . reines and his colleague clyde cowan decided to see if they could detect neutrinos . " so why did we want to detect the free neutrino ? " cowan later said , " because everybody knew , you couldn ’ ##n for it . " according to cowan ' s theory , there was also a possible chain reaction , in which a neutrino combines with a proton to produce a neutron and a proton : ν e + p + → n0 + p + the proton would soon be absorbed by an electron and produce two 1 @ . @ 51 mev gamma rays , while the neutron would be absorbed by a proton and release a 2 @ . @ 51 mev gamma ray . this would leave a distinctive signature that could be detected . they also realised that by adding cadmium oxide to their nuclear scintillator to enhance the electron capture effect , resulting in a 9 mev burst of gamma rays . for the neutron source , they proposed using an atomic bomb . permission for this was obtained from the laboratory director , norris bradbury . work began on digging a shaft for the reactor when dr . r . b . cowan advised them to use a nuclear reactor instead of a bomb . although a very intense source of neutrinos , this had the advantage in allowing for many experiments to be carried out over a short period of time . in 1953 , they made their first attempts using one of the older reactors at the hanford nuclear site in what is now known as the cowan – ##1 neutrino experiment . their equipment also included 3 litres ( 66 imp gal ; 76 us gal ) of scintillating liquid and 90 photomultiplier ##s , but the effort was hampered by the threat from cosmic rays . with help from john a . anderson , they tried again in 1955 , this time using one of the new , larger 700 mw reactors at the savannah river site that had a high neutron energy of 1 @ . @ 2 . 1012 / cm2 ##² . they also had a small , 1 @ - @ shielded location 11 metres ( 36 ft ) from the reactor and 12 metres ( 39 ft) " . on june 22 , 1956 , they were able to send pauli a telegram saying that the bomb had been found . when cowan was informed that he had been proven wrong , he said , " well , you shouldn ’ t believe everything you read in the telegram . " from then on reines dedicated the greater part of his career to the study of the neutron ’ in properties and interactions , which work would influence study of the neutrino for many researchers to come . cowan left los angeles in 1957 to teach at george washington university , ending their collaboration . on the basis of his work in first detecting the neutrino , he became the head of the physics department of case western reserve university from 1959 to 1966 . at case , he led a team that was the first to detect neutrinos trapped in the atmosphere by cosmic rays . reines had a beautiful voice , and had been a singer since childhood . during this time , besides performing his duties as a physics supervisor and head of the physics department , reines sang in the cleveland orchestra , under the direction of robert shaw in performances with george gershwin and the cleveland orchestra . in 1966 , reines took most of his neutrino research group with him when he left for the new university of california , irvine ( uci ) , becoming its first dean of physical sciences . at uci , he extended the research interests of some of his graduate students into the development of new radiation detectors , such as for measuring the radiation delivered to the entire human body in radiation therapy . reines had prepared for the possibility of observing the distant effects of a nuclear explosion . nuclear explosions are rare , and reines thought he would be lucky enough to see one in his lifetime , and be able to catch the neutrinos streaming from it in his 8 @ - @ designed detector . during his wait for the explosion to occur , he put them on some of his own neutrino detectors , calling them " supernova early detection systems " . in 1987 , signals coming from comet sn1987a were detected by the irvine – ・ – brookhaven ( imb ) telescope , which used an 8 @ , @ 000 ton cherenkov telescope located in a coal mine near irvine . normally , the telescope detected only a few background events each second . the supernova produced 100 events in just ten seconds . this event is regarded as pioneering the field of particle physics . in 1995 , reines was honored ,along with william l . perl with the nobel prize in physics for his work with cowan in first describing the neutron . however , cowan also died in 1974 , and the nobel prize was not awarded anymore . roberts also received many other awards , including the j . robert watson memorial award in 1981 , the national medal of science in 1985 , the bruno rossi prize in 1989 , the michelson – physics prize in 1990 , the wolf prize in 1992 , and the fields medal in 1992 . he was elected a member of the national academy of sciences in 1980 and a corresponding member of the russian academy of sciences in 1994 . he remained professor of physical sciences at uci until 1974 , and became a professor emeritus in 1988 , but he continued teaching until 1991 , and remained on uci ' s faculty until his death . = = death = = roberts died after a long illness at the university of california , irvine medical center in orange , california , on august 9 , 1998 . he was survived by his wife and daughter . his papers are in the uci libraries . roberts hall at uci is named in his honor . = = publications = = roberts , f . & c . l . cowan , jr . " on the theory of the free neutrino " , los angeles national laboratory ( lanl ) ( through predecessor agency los alamos national laboratory ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( june 6 , 1953 ) . roberts , f . , cowan , c . l . jr . , anderson , m . e . , wagner , j . a . & j . a . wyman . " the free neutron absorption cross section . part i . determination of the free neutron absorption cross section . part ii . expected cross section from measurements of fission and electron spectrum " , los angeles national laboratory ( lanl ) ( through predecessor agency los angeles national laboratory ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( june 1958 ) . roberts , f . , gurr , j . s . , jenkins , t . l . & w . h . munsee . " nuclear physics at uci " , university of california @ - @ irvine , case western reserve university , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the atomic energy commission ) , ( september 9 , 1968 ) . roberts , f . , blood , h . , learned , j . & t . s . " status andreport of the dumand ii project : the electron as a neutrino detector " , the national physical laboratory ( fnal ) , united states department of energy ( through predecessor agency the energy research and development administration ) , ( october 1976 ) . reines , f . ( 1991 ) . neutrinos and other phenomena : selected papers of f ##nal . teaneck , n . j . : world scientific . isbn 978 @ - @ 981 @ - @ 02 @ - @ 0392 @ - @ 4 .