= kaimanawa horse = kaimanawa horses are a population of feral horses in new zealand that are descended from domestic horses released in the 19th and 20th centuries . they are known for their calm and quiet temperament . the new zealand government currently manages the herd to protect the area in which they live , which supports several endangered species of birds . the tropical climate gives the breed a wide range of heights , body patterns and sizes . they are usually large @ - @ headed , sure @ - @ , and strong . horses were first reported in the kaimanawa range in 1876 , although the first horses had been introduced into new zealand in 1814 . the wild population grew as horses arrived and were released from local farms and military bases . members of the herd were bred by locals for use as draft animals , as well as being caught for their meat , hair and hides . the herd declined as large scale farming and logging operations developed on their ranges , and only around 174 horses were known to exist in 1979 . the kaimanawa herd was purchased by the new zealand government in 1981 , and there were 1 @ , @ 576 horses in the herd in 1994 . a small , mostly unmanaged herd also exists on the aupouri peninsula at the southern end of the north island . roundups have been carried out regularly since 1993 to manage the size of the herd , with around 1 @ , @ 800 horses altogether . the kaimanawa population is classified as a species of special conservation interest by the united nations ' food and agriculture organization , and several studies have been conducted on the herd dynamics and habits of the breed . = = = = = the first horses were introduced to new zealand by the missionary reverend samuel marsden in december 1814 , and feral horses were first reported in the kaimanawa range in the north island of new zealand in 1876 . the kaimanawa are descended from domestic horses that were released in the late 19th century and early 20th century in the mountains of the north island in the kaimanawa mountains . between 1858 and 1875 , major john gwavas carlyon imported exmoor ponies to hawkes bay and crossed them with welsh horses to produce the carlyon pony . these carlyon ponies were later crossed with two welsh horses , kinarth caesar and hercules , owned by sir donald mclean , and a breed known as the comet resulted . at some point during the 1870s , mclean purchased the comet stallion and several others on the kaingaroa , and the horses apparently became part of the wild kaimanawa pony. arabian horses were added to the bloodline through escapes and escapes from the sheep farms and from cavalry units at waiouru that were threatened with a smallpox epidemic . it is also thought that in the 1960s nicholas koreneff released an arabian stallion into the thames valley area . in the 19th and 20th centuries , horses were removed from the wild population and used as draught and riding horses , as well as being hunted for their meat , hair and hides . originally there were many herds that were freely owned by the british government and the local maori , but many were destroyed with the advent of large scale agriculture and forestry , combined with a population that reduced the need for stock horses . kaimanawa horses today have the highest degree of genetic similarity with the thoroughbred and other thoroughbred cross breeds . pressure from land development and the encroaching human population reduced the range and the size of the kaimanawa breed , and in 1979 it was found that only about 174 horses remained . starting in 1981 , the kaimanawa population , range size , and herd size began to be officially measured , and a protected area was formed for the breed in the waiouru military training area . this protection was extended to the kiwi and other native species . there was a rapid increase in the herd size following the protection of the breed , and 1 @ , @ 576 horses were known to exist in the area in 1994 . there is also a small population of horses on the aupouri peninsula at the northern tip of the north island , which is currently unmanaged by the new zealand government . in 2008 , the kaimanawa horses were the focus of a novel called kaimanawa princess , by dianne haworth . = = = characteristics = = many characteristics of the wild type are said to be present in the kaimanawa breed today , although the varied genetic makeup has produced a wide range of shapes , colours , and body types among the wild horses . the kaimanawa breed varies greatly in general appearance , with horses ranging between 1 @ . @ 2 and 15 hands ( 50 and 60 inches , 127 and 152 cm ) high . any coat color or color , is acceptable . they are very good @ - @ muscled . their feral way of life has given them the ability to adapt quickly and live on very little , and they are very sure @ - @ strong and hardy . they have a medium @ - @ sized head in perfect proportion to their body , with wide variation in size due to the different types oftheir ancestors . kaimanawa horses have a short , thick neck with a large throat area , straight legs , a deep girth , and a short to medium back . the hindquarters range from rounded to well @ - @ rounded . the legs are long and well @ - @ rounded , with strong knees , and hind hooves that are generally smaller than the front ones . the horses are expected to age a year in the month of august , regardless of their current foaling date . = = population control and management = = due to the decline in population after protective legislation was put into place , the department of conservation developed a management plan for the kaimanawa herd in 1989 and 1990 . a draft draft was made available to the public for comment in 1991 , and the government made it clear that it objected to population reduction through shooting from horseback , and instead favored the horses remaining wild after being removed from the herd . however , core animal rights activists believed that shooting was the most viable option . three musters were conducted in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and were successful , although unsuccessful and with a limited market for the captured horses . in 1994 , a working party was established to look at the management of the kaimanawa herd . they had to decide which organization was in charge of long range management , to ensure that the treatment of horses is humane , to preserve and control the physical qualities of the herds , and to eliminate the costs of the shooting and other hunting activities . goals included ensuring the welfare of the horses , protecting the ecosystems and features that the kaimanawa horse can , and maintain the herd at a sustainable level . herd objectives included ensuring that kaimanawa horse does not negatively affect endangered , rare and biogeographically significant species ; ensuring that the herd does not significantly degrade the ecosystems in which it lives ; and preventing the herd from moving into the kaimanawa forest reserve and the tongariro national park . herd objectives included ensuring that the herd is safe from roaming horses , while also allowing and ensuring public access to the herd and ensuring humane management of the herd ; reducing conflict between the herd and other ecological values and land uses ; and ensuring that the herd is contained to a level that is protected by the ecosystems in which they live while still maintaining a highly effective herd that is in general free range . the department of conservation has since 1993 carried out regular shooting and muster of kaimanawas to keep the total population at a target population of 500 horses . the population will be increased to 800 horses in stages starting in 2009 .these horses are either subjected directly to slaughter or are placed at holding farms for later sale or adoption by foster homes . a major reason for the strict ##er control is to protect the habitat in which they live . this habitat includes 16 plant species classified as vulnerable , which the kaimanawa horses damage further through hunting and overgrazing . these plants include herbs , grasses , sedges , shrubs and trees ; among these are deschampsia caespitosa ( a very rare native grass ) , peraxilla tetrapetala ( a vulnerable mistletoe ) and libertia peregrinans ( a possibly locally extinct sand ##fly ) . the 2009 culling of the population removed 230 horses from the herd , the largest culling since the inception of the program , with homes accounting for 80 % of the horses killed . conservation of these horses is an important matter to the government , and between 1990 and 2003 the new zealand minister for conservation received more public comments on the kaimanawa horses than on any other subject . during this period , more than 1 @ , @ 400 requests for information and letters were received , with public interest peaking in 1996 and 1997 . this was due to a program of population control by farmers scheduled to begin sometime in 1996 ; due to public pressure the program was cancelled and a large scale removal and breeding program began in 1997 . in 1997 , around 1 @ , @ 069 horses were removed from the range and adopted , reducing the total herd to around 200 , and reducing their range to around 25 @ , @ 000 ha from around 50 @ , @ 000 . since 1993 , a herd of around 1 @ , @ 800 horses have been removed from the range . only one injury resulting from the death of a horse is known to have occurred . the united nations ' food and agriculture organization lists the kaimanawa horses as a herd of high genetic diversity that can be compared with other breeds of wild horses such as the forest horse , assateague horse , and horses , and with free @ - @ living populations . kaimanawas are of particular interest because of their low level of interaction with humans . this lack of interaction can result in a population with more humans and fewer domestic animals , which is of special interest to researchers . between 1994 and 1997 , researchers from massey university studied a herd of around 400 kaimanawa horses to learn their habits and population dynamics . a 2000 study found that although sometimes there are more than two stallions in kaimanawa horse herds , only the male stallion##s horses in the herd hierarchy mate with the herd leader . this differs from other feral horse breeds , some of which have only one stallion that mates with females , while others have several stallions that sire foals .