Shape Memory Effects receives Sma.
Shape Memory Effects haves Industrial Applications.
Shape Memory Effects gives Superelasticity.
Superelasticity haves Stents.
Superelasticity haves Reference Materials.
Shape Memory Effects relates Martensitic Phase Transformation.
Martensitic Phase Transformation is the can control of Magnetic Fields.
Martensitic Phase Transformation is the can control of Heat.
Martensitic Phase Transformation is the can control of Pressure.
Martensitic Phase Transformation is the alters of Mechanical Properties.
Mechanical Properties alters Materials.
Shape Memory Effects is the approach to study of Continuum Modeling.
Continuum Modeling is the simulation of Microstructural Transformation.
Continuum Modeling is the simulation of Martensitic Transformation.
Continuum Modeling incorporates Particle-Size Information.
Particle-Size Information is the for strain energy of Energy Equation.
Energy Equation is the determine time scale of Boundary Conditions.
Continuum Modeling models Individual Particles.
Individual Particles describes Interatomic Interactions.
Interatomic Interactions describes First-Principles Density-Functional-Theory Calculations.
First-Principles Density-Functional-Theory Calculations is the produce microstructures of Strain Energies.
First-Principles Density-Functional-Theory Calculations is the produce microstructures of Stress Energies.
First-Principles Density-Functional-Theory Calculations is the produce with energy scales of Microstructures.
Microstructures haves Atomic Scale.
Materials dos Electronic Degrees Of Freedom.
First-Principles Density-Functional-Theory Calculations is the predicts of Thermal Behavior.
Thermal Behavior is the towards low-temperature system of High-Temperature System.
Continuum Modeling is the available for materials of Alternative Approach.
Alternative Approach relates Electronic Degrees Of Freedom.
Alternative Approach relates Molecular Degrees Of Freedom.
Alternative Approach relates Phonons.
Alternative Approach is the starts from of Quantum Mechanics.
Quantum Mechanics is the breaks off phonons of High-Symmetry Crystal Structure.
High-Symmetry Crystal Structure obtains Solid-State Structure.
Solid-State Structure is the break symmetry of Phonons.
Alternative Approach is the break symmetry of Phonons.
Alternative Approach uses Phonons.
Alternative Approach applys Phonons.
Alternative Approach is the study of of Niti.
Alternative Approach is the study of of Pdti.
Alternative Approach is the study of of Ptti.
Pdti is the occurs at of Martensitic Transition.
Pdti reduces Martensitic Transition.
Pdti is the high-temperature phase of Cubic Cubic.
Pdti is the low-temperature phase of Orthorhombic.
Ptti is the accurately predicted by of Electrical Properties.
Ptti is the accurately predicted by of Mechanical Properties.
Ptti describes Structural Energetics.
Structural Energetics calculates Phonon Distribution.
Structural Energetics calculates Total Energy.
Structural Energetics studys Local Dynamics.
Structural Energetics models Global Dynamics.
Structural Energetics models Transition States.
Transition States bases Structural Interactions.
Structural Interactions is the contributes to of Unstable Stress.
First-Principles Total Energy Calculations uses Density-Functional Theory.
Density-Functional Theory uses Plane-Wave Pseudopotential Approximation.
Density-Functional Theory uses Ultrasoft Pseudopotentials.
Plane-Wave Pseudopotential Approximation calculates Lattice Wave Functions.
Lattice Wave Functions calculates Brillouin Zone.
Lattice Wave Functions is the contain of Lattice Cells.
Lattice Cells determines Equation Of State.
Equation Of State determines Electronic Structure.
Electronic Structure calculates Phonon Correlation Coefficients.
Phonon Correlation Coefficients calculates Phonon Correlation.
Phonon Correlation derives Phonon Frequency.
Phonon Frequency studys Phase-Space Interatomic Coupling.
Phonon Frequency derives Density Matrix.
Phonon Frequency calculates Phonon Reflection Relations.
Phonon Reflection Relations relates Energy Density Function.
Energy Density Function is the partial derivatives with of Potential Energy.
Potential Energy is the represent different levels of Eigenmodes.
Eigenmodes is the describes of Quantum State.
Quantum State dominates Anharmonic Phonons.
Anharmonic Phonons is the similar to of Phphonon Reactions.
Anharmonic Phonons is the similar to of Bcc Phases.
Phphonon Reactions is the accounts for energy gain of Unstable Mode Approach.
Unstable Mode Approach is the determines energy gain of Symmetry Gain.
Unstable Mode Approach is the occurs in of Pdti.
Pdti observes Spin-Stabilized Bcc Materials.
Pdti associates Phase Transition.
Pdti is the transition to of Phase Transition.
Pdti is the occurs in of Phase Transition.
Pdti is the shows importance of Phase Transition.
Pdti is the generates of Eigenmode.
Eigenmode is the forms structure of Pdti.
Ptti is the transition of Pdti.
R_R is the transition of Bco.
Hcp_N is the structure of Bco.
Nw is the equivalent of Nm.
Band_Structures is the comparison of Ptti.
Spin_Cascade is the stabilization of Phonon.