De Bruijn Sequence relates De Bruijn.
De Bruijn Sequence relates Order.
De Bruijn Sequence relates Factor.
De Bruijn Sequence relates Word.
Ball locates Pipe.
Pipe haves Opening.
Pipe haves Trap-Door.
Trap-Door is the drops out of Ball.
Alphabet uses Word.
De Bruijn defines Constant.
De Bruijn defines Formula.
Number appears De Bruijn Sequence.
Vertex connects Edge.
Vertex is the part of of Path.
Path is the forms of Cycle.
Cycle bes Hamilton Cycle.
Arborescence haves Root.
Arborescence is the contains of Vertex.
Arborescence haves Edge.
Root bes Vertex.
Edge is the connects of Vertex.
Path is the connects of Vertex.
Path is the extends of Path.
Path bes Cycle.
Cycle bes Hamilton Cycle.
Graph haves Vertex.
Graph haves Edge.
Graph haves Path.
Graph haves Cycle.
Graph haves Arborescence.
Graph haves Root.
Graph haves Hamilton Cycle.
Graph haves Spanning Tree.
Algorithm is the generates of De Bruijn Sequence.
Algorithm is the generates of Shift De Bruijn Sequence.
Algorithm is the generates of Multi-Length De Bruijn Sequences.
Algorithm is the generates of Multi-Word De Bruijn Sequence.
Algorithm is the generates of Regular De Bruijn Sequence.
Algorithm is the generates of Independent Linear Polynomial.
Fredricksen uses De Bruijn Sequence Generation Algorithm.
Word is the replaces of De Bruijn Sequence.
Word is the replaces of Multi-Word De Bruijn Sequence.
Word is the replaces of Multi-Length De Bruijn Sequences.
Word is the replaces of Regular De Bruijn Sequence.
Word is the replaces of Independent Linear Polynomial.
Frobenius Problem relates Monoid.
Positive Integer uses Linear Combination.
Finite Monoid relates Frobenius Problem.
Upper Bound is the defines of Length.
Upper Bound is the defines of Regular De Bruijn Sequence.
Upper Bound is the defines of Independent Linear Polynomial.
Proof is the supports of Upper Bound.
Lexicographically Correct is the defines of Regular De Bruijn Sequence.
Linear Polynomial is the defines of Independent Linear Polynomial.
Regular De Bruijn Sequence uses Independent Linear Polynomial.