Quantum Rings is the study of of Mesoscopic Systems.
Quantum Dots is the analysis of of Discrete Level Spectra.
Quantum Rings is the generation of of Aharonov-Bohm Waves.
Quantum Rings is the measurement by applying of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Dots is the measurement of of Energy Spectrum.
Quantum Dots is the measurement of of Quantum Dots In The Cp Violation State.
Quantum Dots In The Cp Violation State is the study of of Absorption And Scattering Effects.
Gate Voltage is the application to rapidly transfer spin to of Quantum Rings.
Fano Resonance is the expression in of Mesoscopic Transport.
Fano Resonance is the potential use in of Quantum Computing.
Fano Resonance is the observation in of Optical Path.
Quantum Dots is the observation in of Fano Resonance.
Quantum Dots is the use in quantum computing of Fano Resonance.
Quantum Dots is the observation in of Optical Path.
Quantum Dots is the observation of of Fano Effect.
Quantum Dots is the use in quantum computing of Fano Effect.
Quantum Dots is the observation in of Optical Path.
Quantum Dots is the observation of of Fano Effect.
Quantum Dots is the exploration of coupling between of Magnetic Wire.
Quantum Dots is the exploration of mechanism for of Fano Effect.
Quantum Rings is the embedding of of Quantum Dot.
Quantum Rings is the determination of electrical coupling between of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Rings is the increase in size of system by of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Rings is the interaction with of Breit-Zman Magnetic Field.
Carbon Atom is the connection where rings are connected of Transition State.
Breit-Zman Magnetic Field is the effect on of Quantum Dots.
Breit-Zman Magnetic Field is the interaction with of Communication Field.
Electron Density Functions is the utilization in of Density Functional Theory.
Density Functional Theory is the comparison to of Fano Formula.
Density Functional Theory is the discussion of of Experimental Data.
Density Functional Theory is the description of of Decoherence.
Density Functional Theory is the description of of Properties Of The Dot.
Hole Density is the adjustment in of Structure.
Current Flow Rate is the increase in of Structure.
Gate States is the description of of Structure.
Source-Drain Curve is the alteration of of Current.
V-Peaks is the calculation of relationship to of Ring.
Frequency Response is the dependence on of Tuning.
Frequency Response is the dependence on of Cb-Peaks.
B-Dimensional Diagram shows Illustration.