Andreev Bound States is the bound state energy of Electron.
Andreev Bound States is the bound state energy of Hole.
Andreev Bound States is the bound state energy of Spin.
Wave Function is the expression of Wave Functions.
Superconductor defines Eigenfunctions.
Superconductor is the contribution of Bound State Energy.
Eigenfunctions defines Spin.
Ratio is the corresponds to of Reflection Channel.
Reflection Channel is the allows reflection of Electron.
Reflection Channel is the allows reflection of Hole.
Reflection Channel is the valid only in presence of of Magnetic Field.
Reflection Channel is the allows reflection of Spin.
Reflection Channel is the internal reflection of Superconducting Region.
Ratio is the spans the domain of of Boundary.
Ratio represents Boundary.
Wave Functions is the expression of Electron.
Wave Functions is the expression of Hole.
Josephson Equation is the signifies energies of Electron.
Josephson Equation is the signifies energies of Hole.
Josephson Equation is the depends nonlinearly on of Soi Strength.
Neutron is the approach each other only for of Proton.
Transmission Coefficient is the different values of of Electron.
Transmission Coefficient is the different values of of Hole.
Anti-Josephson Effect demonstrates Bulk Superconductor.
Anti-Josephson Effect is the possible in of Superconducting Material.
Anti-Josephson Effect is the possible in of High Magnetic Fields.
Spin-Josephson Effect takes 1D Nanowires.
Shapiro Band-Gap is the exists in of 1D Nanowires.
Andreev Bound State Energies studys 1D Nanowires.
Superconducting Pair-Potential is the leads to of Unconventional Pair-Potential.
Unconventional Pair-Potential is the leads to of Strong Interactions.
A. Osipov invites Publication.
A. Osipov invites Study.
Al-Jinr Institute is the jointly funded by of Rfbr.
Russian National Bank is the jointly funded by of Rfbr.
Bank Of The Ussr is the jointly funded by of Rfbr.
Rfbr awards India.
Rfbr awards Egypt.
Energy Spectrum is the applies to of Superconductor.
Energy is the function of of Magnetic Field.
Energy is the function of of Soi.
Moment is the in of Electron.
Moment is the in of Hole.
Electron is the due to of Rashba Energy-Transfer.
Electron is the due to of Casimir Effects.
Hole is the due to of Rashba Energy-Transfer.
Hole is the due to of Casimir Effects.
Quantum State defines Main Text.
Andreev Bound States describes Main Text.
Andreev Bound States is the exist in of 1D Nanowires.
Boundary Conditions converts Energy Equations.
Energy Equations writes Quantum State.
Quantum State relates Unit Vector.
Andreev Energy Matrix obtains Energy.
Energy Matrix defines Energy.
Energy Matrix describes Physical Properties.
Energy Equations is the different for of Energy.
A. Osipov invites Publication.
A. Osipov invites Study.