Quantum is the suggests of Inflation.
Inflation is the generate of Energy-Mass Parameter.
Energy-Mass Parameter needs Cosmic Inflation.
Inflation associates Spatial Hypersurfaces.
Inflation focuss Models.
Models results Spatial Hypersurfaces.
Models is the skepticism towards of Flat Hypersurfaces.
Inflation is the necessary for of Dimensionless Parameter.
Dimensionless Parameter provides Inflation.
Inflation generates Inflaton Spectrum.
Inflaton Spectrum is the during initial stages of evolution of Quantum.
Inflaton Spectrum assumes Flat Hypersurfaces.
Inflaton Spectrum is the model focused on of Experimental Evidence.
Inflaton Spectrum is the hypothetical hypersurfaces with single value of Energy-Mass Parameter.
Inflaton Spectrum is the implies existence of Large Cosmological.
Inflaton Spectrum produces Spectrum.
Inflaton Spectrum is the during event of Inflation.
Inflaton Spectrum is the sufficiently small for inflation model of Inflaton Density.
Inflaton Spectrum is the supports of Dark Matter.
Dark Matter develops Dmr Data Sets.
Dark Matter is the predictions compared to experimental data of Large-Scale Structure.
Dark Matter is the structure predictions derived from of Inflation Models.
Dark Matter examines Cosmological Coordinates.
Dark Matter combines Experimental Data.
Nucleation Process is the fluctuations produced by of Quantum.
Nucleation Process is the formation of of Bubble.
Nucleation Process is the derive changes from of Energy-Level Difference.
Nucleation Process is the unknown of Quantum-Mechanical Fluctuations.
Nucleation Process assumes Bubble.
Nucleation Process is the not completely due to previous epoch of Physical Properties.
Nucleation Process is the dependence on of Wave Function.
Nucleation Process is the wave-function dependence of Bubble.
Nucleation Process is the contribute little to physical properties of Components.
Nucleation Process is the significantly change of Model Parameters.
Nucleation Process makes Observational Predictions.
Nucleation Process is the as good as for spatial-flat inflation models of Theoretical Predictions.
Cosmological Coordinates is the differences in due to phase differences of Spatial Wave Function.
Emission is the properly represented as scaled power spectrum of Power Spectrum.
Emission is the affects signal quality of Signal Quality.
Emission correlates Correlation Coefficient.
Emission couples Coupling Coefficient.
Ensemble is the affects analysis of Quadrupole Ensemble.
Density Power describes Pixelization.
Density Power describes Galactic Cuts.
Maximum Likelihood Estimation performs Open-Bubble-Density-Power-Spectra.
Open-Bubble-Density-Power-Spectra observes Open-Bubble-Inflation-Model-Spectrum.
Open-Bubble-Inflation-Model-Spectrum is the accounts for of Closed-Bubble-Inflation-Model-Spectrum.
Closed-Bubble-Inflation-Model-Spectrum is the accounts for of Open-Model-With-Phase-And-Scale-Invariant-Spectrum.
Gauge-Laplacian is the signature of of Scale-Invariant-Mean-Square-Value.
Scale-Invariant-Mean-Square-Value is the becomes spatial component of of Energy-Momentum.
Energy-Momentum is the part of of Closed-Loop-Inflation-Model.
Closed-Loop-Inflation-Model is the deals with of Energy-Momentum.
Spherical-Harmonic-Expansion expresss Average-Absolute-Temperature.
Average-Absolute-Temperature expresss Spherical-Harmonic-Expansion.
Total-Temperature represents Ensemble-Average.
Ensemble-Average expresss Total-Temperature.
Total-Temperature computes Modified-Statistical-Correlation-Codes.
Modified-Statistical-Correlation-Codes computes Total-Temperature.
Simple-Sample-Space-Model includes Model-Reionization.
Model-Reionization includes Simple-Sample-Space-Model.
Flat-Space-Scale-Invariant-Spectrum-Open-Model represents Spectral-Power-Spectrum.
Hot-Band-Open-Models is the increases with of Flat-Space-Scale-Invariant-Spectrum-Open-Model.
Non-Square-Integrable-Transfer-Function is the affects of Quantum-Mechanical-Zero-Point-Fluctuations.
Quantum-Mechanical-Zero-Point-Fluctuations affects Non-Square-Integrable-Transfer-Function.
Multipole-Expansion is the close to of Gauge-Laplacian.
Figure 12 is the illustrates of Figure 2.
Figure 12 is the illustrates of Figure 13.
Figure 2 is the shows of Figure 3.
Table 912 is the contains of Table 1.
Table 8 is the contains of Table 9.
Table 8 is the contains of Tables 915.
F is the describes of Gravitational Systems.
Rms Mass Fluctuations is the formula of Gravitational Scale Parameter.
Gravitational Scale Parameter mentions Smith & Dodds 1994.
Table 912 is the lists of Type (1) (2) Spectra.
Table 14 is the lists of Type (1) (2) Spectra.
Table 14 is the lists of Dmr-Based Values.
Table 14 is the lists of Table 15.
Model Predictions is the focuses on of Age.
Weiss Et Al. 1996 is the found of Oldest Known Clusters.
Oldest Known Clusters bes Age.
Peebles 1993 states Parameter.
Virial X-Ray Physics is the with a 2-x uncertainty of Parameter.
Carlberg Et Al. 1996 mentions Parameter.
Cdm Model is the in which all particles have a very low density of Particle.
Local Estimates is the exceed of Local Baryonic Model.
Cdm Model is the far exceed of Local Estimates.
Cdm Model is the use of Local Estimates.
Cdm Model is the produce of Local Estimates.
Cdm Model is the use of Table 912.
Table 912 is the indicates of Local Estimates.
Table 912 is the indicates of Local Parameter.
Kennicutt, Smith, & Smith 1995 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Brown Et Al. 1995 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Van Den Bergh 1995 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Sandage Et Al. 1996 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Ruiz-Lapuente 1996 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Riess, Muller, & Kirshner 1996 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Schaefer 1996 is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Wang Et Al. is the suggest of Local Parameter.
Eke, Hansen, & Frenk 1996 is the estimate of of X-Ray Intensity.
Wang 1996 is the estimate of of X-Ray Intensity.
Inflation Model is the for of Vl.
Vl derives Llrv.
Born-Schechter Equation uses Llrv.
Kitayama & Suto 1996 uses X-Ray Sources.
Kitayama & Suto 1996 uses Cdm.
Open Bubble is the generates of Effects.
Effects is the contribute to of Changes.
Effects is the contribute to of Theories.
Changes is the contribute to of Theories.
Theories is the explore of Validity.
Theories is the explore of Simulation-Based Realization.
Dmr Data is the lead to of Parameter Estimates.
Dmr Data is the affects of Uncertainty Level.
Dmr Data is the affects of Analysis Results.
Analysis Results is the compare of Parameter Estimates.
Analysis Results is the compare of Parameter Estimates.
Quadrupole Effect is the excludes of Sample-Based Analysis.
Sample-Based Analysis is the consistent with of Dmr Data.
Sample-Based Analysis is the favors of Quadrupole-Excluded Analysis.
Cosmographic Analysis is the favors of Small-Scale Structure Estimates.
Small-Scale Structure Estimates is the derive from of Particle-Mass-Energy Estimates.
Baryonic Matter is the not take part in of Stellar Evolution.
Contributions supports Office Of Planetary Science.
Contributions supports Nasa Houston.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Baugh.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Smith.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Garriga.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Kolatt.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Piccirillo.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Rocha.
Contributions is the acknowledges of J. Lee.
Contributions is the acknowledges of K. Lee.
Contributions is the acknowledges of S. Lee.
Galactic-Frame Maps includes Low-Energy Galactic Emission Correction.
Galactic-Frame Maps includes Quadrupole Moment.
Galactic-Frame Maps is the generates of Fluctuations.
Inflation is the generates of Time-Independent Space.
Inflation is the generates of Wave Function.
Probability is the accounts for of Radiation.
Probability is the accounts for of Bubble Open Model.
Probability is the accounts for of Spin-Free Bubble Closed Model.
Polar-Frame Maps is the accounts for of Brightness.
Polar-Frame Maps includes Sky Maps.
Polar-Frame Maps includes Time-Space Open Model.
Polar-Frame Maps includes Time-Space Galaxies Open Model.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the combines of Two-Phase Spectra.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the equals of Energy.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the equals of Bandtemperature.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the equals of Multipole.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the equals of Spin Model.
Energy-Density Peak Power Spectra is the equals of Parameter Group.
Gas-Phase Structure Models is the close to of Parameter Group.
Xmath294 is the compare of Xmath293.
Xmath294 adjusts Xmath295.
Xmath294 is the detection uncertainty of Xmath296.
Xmath294 is the cat1 of Xmath299.
Xmath294 is the cat2 of Xmath300.
Xmath299 spans Xmath294.
Xmath300 spans Xmath294.
Xmath299 is the detection uncertainty of Xmath301.
Xmath80 includes Xmath297K.
Xmath80 includes Xmath298.
Xmath80 is the error bars of Xmath301.
Xmath66 is the error bars of Xmath302.
Xmath66 is the dmr values of Xmath303.