Ads is the application of Hadronic Physics.
Ads is the publication of Dual Models.
Dual Models is the reproduction of Rotational Symmetry Breaking.
Dual Models is the reproduction of Chiral Symmetry Breaking.
Dual Models is the reproduction of Hadronic Observables.
Dual Models is the special case of Bottom-Up Model.
Bottom-Up Model is the introduction of 5-Dimensional Space Sector.
Bulk models Ads.
Bulk is the reproduction of Physics.
Soft-Wall Model is the calculation of Form Factors.
Soft-Wall Model is the calculation of Wave Functions.
Soft-Wall Model is the calculation of Vector Sectors.
Soft-Wall Model is the introduction of Excited State.
Excited State is the introduction of Form Factors.
Excited State is the introduction of Wave Function.
Soft-Wall Model is the study of Particle.
Particle is the usage of Properties.
Particle is the usage of Models.
Elementary Wave-Function Problem is the solution of Chiral Symmetry Group.
Two-Dimensional Systems is the study of Particle.
Decay Phase Space is the comparison of Radius Of Decay.
Decay Signal is the effect of Energy Scale.
Large Scale Field is the study of Momentum Scale.
Kaluza-Type States is the correspondence of Ads Background.
Vector Gauge Field is the connection of Gauge Symmetry.
4-Dimensional Currents is the connection of 5-Dimensional Gauge Field.
Axial Currents is the correspondence of Transverse Components.
Chiral Parameters is the multiplication of Vector.
Chiral Symmetry Breaking Parameters is the multiplication of Axial-Vector Gauge Field.
Higgs-Like Mechanism is the description of Axial-Vector Gauge Field.
Lagrangian is the derivation of Equation Of Motion.
Boundary-To-Boundary Action is the definition of Mechanism.
Wave Function is the usage of Massless Expansion.
Perturbative Expansion is the comparison of Massless Expansion.
Two-Point Function is the representation of Linear Differential Operator.
Spacelike is the transformation of Inverse Fourier Expansion.
Axial-Vector Electric Current is the comparison of Chiral Case.
Three-Point Correlation is the calculation of Electromagnetic Form Factor.
Hall Effect is the extraction of Four-Point Function.
Four-Point Function is the calculation of Bound States.
Longitudinal Component is the relation of Transverse Component.
Dynamic Factor is the transformation of Boundary-To-Boundary Vector.
Wave Function relates Frequency.
Matrix-Type Model haves Surface-To-Surface Ratio.
Matrix-Type Model haves Frequency.
Value is the determines of Form Factor.
Particle relates Form Factor.
Ads/Qc Model uses Form Factor.
Particle Density haves Particle.
Electric Voltage is the generates of Current.
Electric Voltage is the generates of Spin-1/2 Particles.
Electric Voltage is the generates of Magnetic Fields.
Two-Dimensional Physics is the describes of Gauge Wave Functions.
Gauge Wave Functions is the describes of Particle.
Charge Density relates Particle.
Fine Structure Constant is the in terms of of Mass.
Proton Decay Constant is the determines of Ratio.
Radius determines Particle.
Confinement Effects is the affects of Radius.
Corrections is the affects of Radius.
Spontaneous Chiral Symmetry Breaking is the affects of Charge Density.
Probability Density Function is the describes of Magnetic Field.