Universe is the underwent period of Accelerated Expansion.
Type Ii (Snia) is the larger than of Jupiter.
Type Ii (Snia) confirms Cosmic Microwave Background (Microwave).
Type Ii (Snia) is the changes in of Gravitational Field.
Type Ii (Snia) observes Alexander Sachs' (Isw) Comet.
Type Ii (Snia) observes Icicp (Bao).
Type Ii (Snia) observes Gravitational Lensing (Wl).
Type Ii (Snia) observes Gamma-Ray Bursts.
Theory Of General Relativity (Gr) is the drives of Accelerated Expansion.
Theory Of General Relativity (Gr) associates Dark Energy (De).
Dark Energy (De) supports Scientific Evidence.
Dark Energy (De) is the origin of of Gravitational Field.
Dark Energy (De) gives Dark Energy (De) Source.
Dark Energy (De) gives Stars.
Dark Energy (De) gives Large Host Galaxies.
Physical Constant is the smaller than predicted by of Theoretical Model.
Physical Constant suggests Dynamic.
Dynamic interacts Time.
Theoretical Model proposes Interaction.
Medium And Large Scale Galaxies drives Galaxies.
Medium And Large Scale Galaxies relates Perturbations.
Particles is the interactions between of Dark Sector.
Dark Sector is the affects of Background Evolution.
Dark Sector is the affects of Particles.
Dark Sector is the affects of Fluctuations.
Dark Sector is the affects of Gravitational Potential.
Gravity Potential is the affects of Properties.
Energy System models Dynamic System.
Energy System haves Energy Density.
Energy System haves Pressure.
Energy States relates Equation Of State (Os).
Conformal Time uses Time Coordinate.
Energy System expresss Properties.
Physical Constant uses Uncertainty Principle.
Interaction addresss Interaction Parameters.
Experimental Data is the supports of Observables.
Experimental Methods is the study and predict of Interaction.
Ska is the sub-array of Multi-Galaxy Array.
Multi-Galaxy Array is the use of Astronomers.
Multi-Galaxy Array is the provide of Images.
Multi-Galaxy Array is the study of Galaxies.
Astronomical Instrument is the ideal of Multi-Galaxy Array.
Ska is the measure of Expansion Rate.
Expansion Rate is the real-time measurement of Universe.
Ska is the measure of Molecular Oxygen.
Wfmos is the location of Subaru Mast.
Subaru Mast locates Mauna ##ʻI.
Wfmos dedicates Wfmos Camera.
Wfmos Camera is the precision measurement of Bao.
Wfmos Camera is the measure of Lyman Absorption Points.
Radio Telescope is the measure of Molecular Hydrogen.
Radio Telescope is the use of Phase Modulation.
Radio Telescope locates Gold Mine.
Radio Telescope locates Chile.
Radio Telescope is the measure of Galactic Cloud.
Telescope Design is the design of Radio Telescope.
Telescope Design is the provide of Polarization Measurements.
Telescope Design is the provide of Side-Band Imaging.
Solar Temperature Measurements is the focus on of Astronomy.
Sptpol is the collect data of Sun.
Quijote is the collect data of Sun.
Sun is the study of Solar Systems.
Ground Measurements is the conduct of Solar Temperature Measurements.
Sun-S4 is the combine of Ground Measurements.
Sun-S4 is the determine of Atomic Equation Of State.
Wmap is the design of Solar Temperature Measurements.
Wmap is the collaborate of Planck Collaboration.
Planck Collaboration is the measure of Microwave Wavelengths.
Planck Collaboration is the study of Sunyaev-Zeldovich Clusters.
E-Energy is the calculate of Erosita.
E-Energy is the use of Gravitational Lensing Model.
E-Energy is the use of Codes.
Erosita is the map of Galaxy Clusters.
Galaxy Clusters is the study of Galaxies.
Galaxy Clusters develops Theoretical Models.
Wfirst succeeds Nova ##Nova ##E Probe.
Wfirst is the replaces of Jdem.
Wfirst is the instrument of Ska.
Wfirst is the construct of 2000 Deg.
Wfirst is the measure of Atomic Number Distribution.
Wfirst is the measure of Temperature.
Wfirst is the measure of Stellar Structure.
Wfirst is the differ of Operating Conditions.
Wfirst is the require of Cross-Checks.
Light Sources is the impact of Dark Matter Spectrum.
Light Sources is the result of Cross-Checking Data.
Ska is the similar goals of Wfirst.
Ska is the measure of Wavelengths.
Ska is the use of Gravitational Lensing.
Ska is the use of Strong Scattering Techniques.
Ska is the measure of Higher Energy Range.
Ska is the measure of Lower Range.
Ska is the measure of Linear Scales.
Modified Galaxies is the sensitive of Light Sources.
Light Sources establishs Cross-Checks.
Ska is the launch of Microwave Imaging Mission.
Core is the mission of Large-Scale.
Core is the propose of X-Ray Mission.
Core is the propose to of Esa.
Core is the within framework of Cosmic Vision.
Core is the measure of Microwave Sky.
Core is the measure of Temperature.
Core is the detect of Clusters.
Core is the use of Kinetic Sz Effect.
Core is the use of Radial Dwarf Cluster.
Radial Dwarf Cluster is the represent of Solar Activity.
Core is the collect of Data.
Data is the from of Pppdt.
Pppdt is the towards of Cmbpol.
Galaxies is the during of Ice Ages.
S. Tsujikawa is the provide of Support.
F. W. is the acknowledge of Fapesp.
F. W. is the acknowledge of Cnpq.
F. W. is the acknowledge of P. A. Costa.
F. W. is the acknowledge of M. Ferreira.
F. W. is the acknowledge of M. Landim.
B. W. W. is the receive support of Ministerio De Ciencia ##S Innovación.
B. W. W. is the receive support of Fis2012-30926.
B. W. W. is the receive support of Programa De Profesores Visitantes Severo Cruz.
B. W. W. is the acknowledge of Instituto De Astrofsica ##S Canarias.
F. W. is the receive support of National Science Foundation Of Japan.
F. W. is the receive support of Natural Science Foundation Of China.
F. W. is the acknowledge of Y. C. Wang.
F. W. is the acknowledge of J. C. Xu.