Gap Bands is the characteristic of of 1D.
Xmath2 is the characteristic of of Gap Bands.
Brillouin Band is the characteristic of of 1D.
Xmath0 is the characteristic of of Gap Bands.
Shadow Band is the characteristic of of 1D.
Shadow Band haves Energy Scale.
Shadow Compounds is the contains of Shadow Band.
Undoped Compounds is the contains of Undoped Compounds.
Electron haves Electron Mass.
Electron is the part of of Electron Energy Band.
Electron is the interacts with of Charge Carriers.
Spinons is the part of of Spinon Energy Band.
Holons is the part of of Spinon Energy Band.
Spinon Spin is the characteristic of of Spinon Energy Band.
Holon Spin is the characteristic of of Spinon Energy Band.
Bound States is the characteristic of of 1D.
Absorption Spectra is the shows of Bound States.
Main Band is the part of of Absorption Spectra.
Spin Model is the characteristic of of 1D.
Bean-Shaped States is the part of of Spin Model.
Spherical 1/2 States is the part of of Spin Model.
Momentum is the interacts with of Charge Carriers.
Charge Carriers is the interacts with of Momentum.
Charge Carriers is the interacts with of String Theory.
Electron Band is the exists in of Space.
Electron Band is the exists in of Time.
Spinon Energy Band In 1D is the contrast with of 2D.
Overdamped States is the characteristic of of 2D.
Bound States In 2D is the characteristic of of 2D.
High Intensity Main Band is the part of of Absorption Spectra.
Low Intensity Shadow Band is the part of of Absorption Spectra.
Dark Band is the part of of Absorption Spectra.
Dark Band causes Spinons.
Experimental Data bases Spinons.
Experimental Data bases Holons.
Experimental Data bases Dark Band.
Electron Mass is the determines of Electron Energy Band.
Electron Energy Band is the part of of Electron Band.
Physics is the involves of Charge Carriers.
Interaction is the involves of Physics.
Electron Density is the determines of Shadow Band.
Hamiltonian is the describes of High Intensity Main Band.
Spinon-Holon Homology is the incorporates of Hamiltonian.
Surface Area is the determines of Hamiltonian.
Pseudo-Sphere is the forms of Surface Area.
Visibility is the determines of Pseudo-Sphere.
Hole Surface is the forms of Visibility.
Cuprate Superconductors is the affects of Hole Surface.
Support is the acknowledges of Research Grant.