Single-Layer Graphenes haves General Electronic Properties.
Single-Layer Graphenes receives Attention.
Single-Layer Graphenes haves Experimental Results.
Multilayer Films is the more than of Layers.
Multilayer Films is the depends on of Atomic Structure.
Multilayer Films studys Electronic Properties.
Multilayer Films studys Band Structure.
Monolayer Graphene is the at of Bonding Electrons.
Monolayer Graphene is the in of Brillouin Plane.
Monolayer Graphene is the different from of Band Structure.
Bulk Material is the forms of Band Structure.
Bulk Material is the with of Bulk Structure.
Graphene Bilayer studys Band Structure.
Graphene Bilayer studys Electronic Structure.
Single-Layer Graphenes is the more than of Layers.
Single-Layer Graphenes studys Band Structure.
Single-Layer Graphenes uses Model.
Single-Layer Graphenes uses Density Functional Model.
Single-Layer Graphenes uses Ligand-Ligand Model.
Single-Layer Graphenes studys Time-Dependent Analysis Techniques.
Monolayer Graphene studys Surface Structure.
Monolayer Graphene is the significantly reduced at of Disorder.
Band Touching Point is the remains of Density Of Electrons.
Band Touching Point extends Study.
Band Touching Point is the in of Multi-Layer Graphenes.
Band Touching Point is the in the class of of Diamond Like Systems.
Band Touching Point is the trigonally ordered at of Energy Level.
Band Touching Point is the effect on of Disorder.
Monolayer Graphene studys Thermal Effects.
Monolayer Graphene is the on of Thermal State.
Monolayer Graphene studys Disorder.
Multilayer Graphenes is the detailed description of of Free Energy.
Multilayer Graphenes is the with different of Layer Thickness.
Multilayer Graphenes divides Hamiltonian.
Multilayer Graphenes is the effect on of Energy.
Multilayer Graphenes is the effect on of Geometry.
Multilayer Graphenes is the introduce into of Energy-State.
Multilayer Graphenes gives Electronic Structure.
Multilayer Graphenes is the divide into of System.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Parameters.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Prediction.
Multilayer Graphenes depends Group I Atoms.
Multilayer Graphenes is the on of Energy Hoppings.
Multilayer Graphenes is the between of Energy Difference.
Multilayer Graphenes fills Band Gap.
Multilayer Graphenes is the difference between of 2D Limit.
Multilayer Graphenes obtains 3D Limit.
Multilayer Graphenes represents Spectral Lines.
Multilayer Graphenes is the in of Energy Range.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Double Shell State.
Multilayer Graphenes is the only apparent at of Band Touching Point.
Multilayer Graphenes is the in of Energy Range.
Multilayer Graphenes is the splits into of Spectral Line.
Multilayer Graphenes is the as large as of Energy.
Multilayer Graphenes is the shows of Band Structure.
Multilayer Graphenes is the of of Band Structure.
Multilayer Graphenes shows Energy.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Graphene Calculations.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Density Functional Calculations.
Multilayer Graphenes uses Band Calculations.
Multilayer Graphenes is the will change depending on of Atomic Structure.
Multilayer Graphenes is the exists where of Open Gap.
Multilayer Graphenes is the with values different of Emission Bands.
Multilayer Graphenes is the with values different of Absorption Bands.
Multilayer Graphenes is the effects of of Parameters.
Multilayer Graphenes is the in terms of of Standard Quantum Hamiltonian.
Multilayer Graphenes is the appear as of Matrix Elements.
Multilayer Graphenes associates Direction.
Multilayer Graphenes causes Electric Field.
Multilayer Graphenes is the well understood in of Crystal Lattice.
Multilayer Graphenes causes Open Gap.
Multilayer Graphenes appears Electric Field.
Bulk Case bases Equation.
Bulk Case is the of of Frequency Response.
Bulk Case bes Grain Size.
Bulk Case bes Chemical Number.
Bulk Case bes Valley Temperature.
Bulk Case is the with of Chemical Number.
Bulk Case is the with of Temperature.
Bulk Case uses Term.
Bulk Case gives Hamiltonian.
Bulk Case is the addition of of Terms.
Bulk Case is the at of Scattering.
Bulk Case expresss Temperature.
Bulk Case is the equals of Contribution.
Bulk Case is the calculate of Observed Scattering Rate.
Bulk Case adds Half-Term.
Bulk Case is the calculate of Observed Scattering Rate.
Delta Function is the dependent of of Scattering Rate.
Hamiltonian is the contributes to of Graphene.
Hamiltonian is the decomposition of of Z-Hamiltonian.
Graphene is the similar to of Monolayer Graphene.
Monolayer Graphene haves Scattering Rate.
Disorder is the divides into of Wave-Function.
Wave-Function is the consists of of Lorentzian.
Lorentzian haves Peak.
Band Structure is the contains of Landau Levels.
Susceptibility is the dependent on of Magnetic Field.
Temperature Function is the affects of Phase.
Landau-Level Energy is the calculation of Zero Energy.
Landau-Level Energy is the calculation of Step Towards Zero Energy.
Landau-Level Energy is the dependence of Temperature Change.
Hamiltonian is the characterization of Total Linear Kinetic Energy.
Hamiltonian is the characterization of Angular Momentum.
Graphene Disorder is the possibility of Prediction.
Atomic Structure models Multilayer Graphene.
Bands is the existence of Monolayer-Like Band.
Bands is the existence of Bilayer-Like Bands.
Two-Dimensional Quantum Dots is the study of First Heterostructures.
Superconducting Quantum Dot Device is the possibility of Prediction Of Graphene Disorder.
21St Century Coe ##D is the funding of Center For Large-Scale Semiconductor Research.
Ministry Of Education, Culture, Sports, Science And Technology, Japan is the support of Research Grants.
Self-Binding Model is the representation of Wave Function.
Schrodinger Equation is the description of Gauge Fields.
Vector Potential is the consideration of Short Vector Field.
Magnetic Field is the comparison of Uniform Magnetic Field.
Surface is the representation of Solution.
Physicists is the contribution of Research Papers.