Ambient Temperature is the function of of Green Line.
Green Line represents Filter.
Filter is the typical peak frequency of Peak Frequency.
Filter is the fwhm of passband of Fwhm.
Filter is the central wavelength of Central Wavelength.
Central Wavelength is the produces green line of Green Line.
Wavelength measures Filter Slit.
Filter Slit is the effect of of Corona.
Corona is the green lines of Green Line.
Corona is the difference in values of Values.
Values is the mean passband position variation of Mean Passband Position.
Values is the passband background position variation of Passband Background Position.
Values is the passband background variation of Passband Background.
Ambient Temperature is the uniform apart from peak of Temperature.
Temperature is the very uniform apart from peak of Peak Peak.
Measurements makes Wide-Band Channels.
Measurements makes Narrow-Band Channels.
Solar Activity is the no large objects observed of Objects.
Objects is the above green line of Green Line.
Measurements is the assessment of structure of Structure.
Structure is the assessment of image quality of Image Quality.
Image Quality is the very good of Very Good.
Spectral Lines is the distribution of spectral lines of Radial Distribution.
Radial Distribution is the low signal strength of Signal Strength.
Data is the total data of Coronagraph.
Data is the total data of Secis Cameras.
Secis Cameras relates Lomnicky Solar-Lyot Coronagraph.
Lomnicky Solar-Lyot Coronagraph is the emission and reflection of mhd waves of Mhd Waves.
Mhd Waves involves Solar Activity.
Observations is the observations impact solar activity of Solar Activity.
Observations is the study of radio galaxies of Radio Galaxies.
Observations is the study of galaxies of Galaxies.
Observations is the study of solar system of Solar System.
Observations is the study of solar radiation of Solar Radiation.
Observations is the study of solar-earth interactions of Solar-Earth Interactions.
Scientific Community asks Information.
J. A. supports Work.
P. R. supports Work.
Slovak Research And Development Foundation is the financial support of Apvv-0066-06.
Apvv-0066-06 is the covers activities of Secis Project.
Secis Project relates Lomnicky Astronomical Institute.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the responsible for of Slovak Academy Of Sciences.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the assistant of J. Mank.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the assistant of M. Maura.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the assistant of M. Havrila.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the assistant of J. Bendk.
Lomnicky Astronomical Institute is the assistant of P. A. P. R..
P. R. supports Slovak Ministry Of Science And Higher Education.
Slovak Ministry Of Science And Higher Education is the project number of N203 022 ##C / 2991.
N203 022 ##C / 2991 makes Global Astronomical Data Collection.