Nuclear Heating is the causes of Minijets.
Minijets is the produces of Bfkl-Physics.
Minijets is the produces of Lhc-Physics.
Rhic is the contains of Bfkl-Physics.
Bfkl-Physics takes Interaction.
Interaction is the occurs at of Xmath95.
Version bases Bfkl-Physics.
Pair Of Closely Coupled Minijets is the starts from of Outgoing Jets.
Mueller And Navelet is the mentions of Pair Of Closely Coupled Minijets.
Subprocess is the involves of Incoming Partons.
Incoming Partons haves Carriers.
Carriers is the carry of Rapidites.
Outgoing Jets is the contain of Carriers In Outgoing Jets.
Initial Wave represents Molecular Molecules.
Molecular Molecules is the consists of of Vibrations.
Vibrations is the occurs at of Perturbative Level.
Perturbative Level is the reduces to of Momentum Operators.
Momentum Operators comes Parton Relations.
Leading follows Large Xmath111 Limit.
Large Xmath111 Limit follows Leading.
Physical Gauge bes Leading.
Bfkl Ladder represents Lipatov-Vertex.
Lipatov-Vertex combines Bremsstrahlung.
Bremsstrahlung represents Green Box.
Green Box exponentiateds Effective Edges.
Del Duca is the describes of Vertices In Xmath113.
Temperature is the depends on of Step Graphs.
Step Graphs is the can be done by of Linearization.
Linearization calculates Path Integral.
Path Integral is the leads to of Differential Equation.
Bfkl Ladder associates Transverse Energy Production.
Symmetry Of The Bfkl Diagram bes Spinfigure.
Cfltlo-Minijet Cross Sections is the decreases at of Lhc-B-C.
Lhc-B-C is the should not be much faster than of Bfkl-Cross Section.
Bfkl-Cross Section is the should not be much faster than of Xmath137.
Xmath137 is the should not be much faster than of Xmath138.
Xmath138 is the solves for of B-B Collisions In The Lhc.
B-B Collisions In The Lhc is the occurs at of Xmath139.
Xmath139 is the with of Running Xmath140.
B-B Collisions In The Lhc is the solves for of 4940 Gev.
4940 Gev is the with of Running Xmath141.
4940 Gev is the should be less than of Xmath142.
Xmath142 is the would not be the dominant contribution of Bfkl Contribution.
Bfkl Contribution is the should be less than of Xmath61.
Xmath61 bes Bfkl Decay.
Bfkl Decay gos Hard-Xmath53.
Hard-Xmath53 finds Hard Contribution.
Hard Contribution is the responsible for of Kinematical Mechanism.
Kinematical Mechanism explains Bfkl-Pomeron.
Bfkl-Pomeron is the can not be explained by of Leading Xmath143.
Bfkl-Pomeron is the can not be explained by of Leading Xmath144.
Leading Xmath143 bes Leading Xmath94-Evolution.
Leading Xmath94-Evolution bes Highest Value Of Xmath53.
Highest Value Of Xmath53 is the can bridge the gap towards of Bfkl-Minijets.
Highest Value Of Xmath53 is the at of Xmath145.
Bfkl-Minijets provides Boundary Conditions.
Bfkl-Minijets provides Soft Qgp-Decay.
Bfkl-Minijets provides Lhc-Decay.
Results bases Calculations.
Results is the acknowledges of K.Kajantie.
Results is the acknowledges of A.Leonidov.
Results is the acknowledges of A.Mller.
Results is the acknowledges of V.Ruuskanen.
Results is the acknowledges of Y.-Wang.