Turbulence is the key part of of Stellar Systems.
Turbulence is the causes of Fluids.
Turbulence describes Energy Spectrum.
Turbulence relates Mhd Turbulence.
Turbulence is the enables of Turbulence Statistics.
Turbulence obtains Velocity Spectra.
Turbulence studys Absorption Of Electromagnetic Radiation.
Turbulence studys Spectral Line Properties.
Turbulence determines Optical Depth.
Turbulence considers Magnetic Field Components.
Magnetic Field Components is the affects of Correlation Function.
Correlation Function derives Power Spectrum.
Scale Variations is the affects of Performance.
Transform is the affects of Performance.
Transform relates Configuration Space.
Transform relates Non-Locally Distributed Data.
Structure Function is the defines of Local.
Structure Function is the defines of Non-Locally Distributed Data.
Structure Function is the contains of Scale.
Structure Function is the contains of Different Scales.
Structure Function is the contains of Information.
Xmath49 defines Power Spectrum.
Xmath49 defines Xmath50.
Xmath49 defines Xmath51.
Power Spectrum is the measurement of of Lp06.
Two Dimensional Spectrum is the measurement of of Ppvws.
Ppvws causes Turbulent Motion.
Ppvws is the measurement of of Xmath56.
Ppvws is the measurement of of Xmath57.
Cloud is the affects of Line Width.
Cloud is the affects of Turbulent Velocity.
Cloud is the affects of Thermal Effects.
Cloud is the affects of Scattering.
Optical Spectrum uses Spectroscopy.
Optical Spectrum is the affects of Thermal Effects.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Wavenumbers.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Temperature.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Gas.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Frequency.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Fourier Image.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Vcs.
Spectroscopy is the affects of Statistical Techniques.
Second Order Structure Function is the alternative to of Standard Model.
Second Order Structure Function requires Long Scales.
Second Order Structure Function is the proportional to of Resolution.
Second Order Structure Function requires Length Of The Spectrum.
Second Order Structure Function is the equivalent to of Root-Mean-Square.
Lp06 observes Xmath121.
Lp06 defines Xmath122.
Gamma is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Gamma is the affects of Power Law Terms.
Gamma is the affects of Depth Fluctuations.
Kolmogorov Waves is the affects of Plane-Wave Waves.
Kolmogorov Waves is the affects of Depth Fluctuations.
Second Order Structure Function is the affects of Pulse Length.
Signal is the affects of Signal Size Reduction.
Power Spectra uses Turbulence.
Monin & Yaglom 1975 uses Fields.
Xmath144 is the affects of Xmath145.
Cho Et Al. 2002 uses Xmath146.
Cho & Lazarian 2004 uses Xmath146.
Xmath172 is the cancel out of Xmath64.
Xmath172 is the cancel out of Xmath173.
Xmath174 is the reference of Xmath175.
Xmath174 is the reference of Xmath176.
Xmath178 is the mathematical expression of Xmath179.