Pressure is the affects of Pairing Gap.
Angular Momentum is the affects of Pairing Gap.
Bcs Theory is the explains of Superconductors.
Bcs Theory is the explains of Pairing Gap.
Bcs Theory is the explains of Finite Temperature.
Bcs Theory is the involves of Thermal Fluctuations.
Experimental Methods is the study effect of of Temperature.
Temperature is the affects of Pairing Gap.
Temperature is the affects of Nuclear Pairing.
Temperature is the affects of Spin Splitting.
New Bcs Theory is the shows limit of of Quasiparticle-Correlation Function.
Self-Consistent Quantum Single-Particle Analysis is the describes of Quasiparticle-Correlation Function.
Hamiltonian is the describes system of of Particle.
Hamiltonian is the interacts via of Transfer Operator.
Hamiltonian is the interacts with of Velocity.
Hamiltonian haves Angular Momentum.
Particle is the interacts via of Energy.
Variational Method uses Hamiltonian.
Variational Method is the obtains of Expectation Value.
Expectation Value is the yields of Band Gap.
Expectation Value is the yields of Particle Number.
Expectation Value is the yields of Total Angular Momentum.
Expectation Value is the defines qnf as of Energy-Particle Correlations.
Energy defines Single-Particle Energy.
Energy defines Total Energy.
Energy-Particle Correlations obtains Integral Equations.
Integral Equations associates Linear Plane Waves.
Integral Equations associates Scqrpa Particle Interactions.
Integral Equations denotes Dampings.
Ftbcs1 + Scqrpa Theory is the extends to of Ftbcs1 Theory.
Ftbcs1 Theory distinguishs Ftbcs1.
Particle Motion is the calculates effect on of Energy Gap.
Particle Motion is the uses of Lipkin-Nogami Method.
Energy Gap dos Energy Gap.
Energy Gap is the leads to of Nuclear Pairing.
Scqrpa Vibrations is the supports relationship with of Experimental Results.
Scqrpa Vibrations is the supports relationship with of Total Energy.
Scqrpa Vibrations is the supports relationship with of Energy Gaps.
Scqrpa Vibrations is the supports relationship with of High-Dimensional Quantum Monte Carlo Method.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the collapses at smaller of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory remains Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the collapses at different of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the governs process at of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the negative qnf at of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the same as ftbcs and ftbcs1 gaps at of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory is the collapses at of Energy Gap.
Ftbcs1 Theory remains Energy Gap.