Atomic Spectroscopy is the utilizes of Lasers.
Lasers requires Stabilization Technique.
Stabilization Technique is the involves of Modulation.
Modulation requires Optical Signal.
Optical Signal is the results in of Dichroic Atomic Transition Mode Laser (Davll).
Dichroic Atomic Transition Mode Laser (Davll) requires Electric Field.
Electric Field is the enables of Probed Phase Transition.
Probed Phase Transition requires Photodetectors.
Laser Beam is the produces of Nonlinear-Profile Light Beam.
Nonlinear-Profile Light Beam is the passes through of Atomic Vapor.
Atomic Vapor is the results in of Refractive Index Gradient.
Refractive Index Gradient is the produces of Focus.
Focus is the results in of Self-Focusing.
Focus is the results in of Self-Defocusing.
Refractive Index Gradient is the produces of Radial Index Gradient.
Radial Index Gradient is the acts as of Lens.
Radial Index Gradient is the focuses on of Light.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Vapor Pressure.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Vapor Wavelength.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Gas Constant.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Vapor Wavenumber.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Atomic Mass.
Atomic Vapor is the affects of Vapor Wavelength Detuning.
Vapor Wavelength Detuning is the proportional to of Detuning.
Detuning emits Light.
Light is the results in of Frequency Shift.
Laser Beam is the generates of Error Signal.
Error Signal is the deviation from of Reference Voltage.
Dfb Lasers is the changes by of Injection Temperature.
Dfb Lasers is the affects of Cavity Configuration.
Dfb Lasers is the affects of Bragg-Widths.
Dfb Lasers is the results in of Locking Signal.
Locking Signal is the proportional to of Extended-Cavity.
Extended-Cavity is the proportional to of Laser Energy.
Locking Signal is the adjusts of Gap.
Gap is the aligns with of Reference Frequency.
Reference Frequency is the sets to of Error Signal.
Error Signal is the corrects for of Laser Beam.
Laser Beam is the utilizes of Opto-Optical Locking Method.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the locks against of Laser Frequency Changes.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Electric Field.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Phase Changes.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Beam Intensity.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Temperature.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Beam Shape.
Opto-Optical Locking Method is the avoids changes in of Beam Pressure.
Laser Beam uses Measurement Data.
Measurement Data is the zero at of Surface Potential.
Surface Potential is the results in of Linewidth.
Surface Potential is the zero at of Organic Molecules.
Organic Molecules is the results in of Linewidth.
Laser Frequency is the stabilization of of Laser Beam.
Hydrogen Atom is the stabilization of of Cell.
Cell connects High-Voltage Dc Supply.