Photonic Optical Fibers is the describes of Pcfs.
Pcfs limits Classical Field Equations.
Pcfs is the utilizes of Plane Wave Propagation Method.
Plane Wave Propagation Method is the utilizes of Periodic Boundary Conditions.
Pcfs is the utilizes of Multipole Method.
Multipole Method takes Periodic Boundary Conditions.
Pcfs exploits Air-Holes.
Pcfs haves Nonlinear Optical Cross Section.
Pcfs is the aims to obtain of Empirical Equations.
Empirical Equations is the describes of Curvature Properties.
Empirical Equations is the describes of Mean-Curvature Properties.
Pcfs is the assumes described by of Crystal Structure.
Crystal Structure is the extends study to fibers that are of of Pure Gold.
Pcfs arranges Air Holes Arrangement.
Air Holes Arrangement haves Optical Core.
Pcfs includes Single-Core Fibers.
Pcfs includes Multi-Core Fibers.
Pcfs includes Guided Fibers.
Pcfs bases Super Cell.
Super Cell is the calculations of of Scattering Index.
Super Cell is the calculations of the scattering index alone of Scattering Index.
Pcfs takes Nonlinearity.
Pcfs bes Frequency Dependent Effective Index.
Pcfs bes Relative Effective Index.
Pcfs confirms Cut-Off Conditions.
Pcfs bes Effective Mode Field Radius.
Effective Mode Field Radius is the corresponds to of Effective Field.
Effective Field bes Normal Distribution.
Normal Distribution is the decreases toward a larger value when becomes larger of Mean-Square Error.
Pcfs bes Scattering-Loss Problem.
Scattering-Loss Problem is the occurs when of Longitudinal Coupling Effect.
Longitudinal Coupling Effect describes Focal.
Longitudinal Coupling Effect describes Lens.
Longitudinal Coupling Effect describes Fsm.
Pcfs bes Optical Wavelength.
Pcfs bes Fit.
Fit is the depend on values of Free Parameters.
Pcfs is the refers to pcfs which contain the same extended single modes of the single mode of Extended Single-Mode.
Extended Single-Mode is the addresses of Mode/Multi-Mode Issues.
Extended Single-Mode is the corresponds to structure for which of Mode-Angle.
Pcfs is the allows for the calculation of the -value with the measurement error and block-size as the only dependent variables of Measurement Error.