Reionization includes Formation Of The First Stars And Galaxies.
Reionization includes Transition Of The Galactic Medium.
Reionization is the after of Big Bang.
Reionization initiates Reionization Initiation.
Reionization Initiation is the due to of Activation Of The Lyman Process.
Atmosphere is the still transparent at of Temperature Less Than 600 Myr.
Temperature Less Than 600 Myr measures Electron Capture Energy.
Galaxies Evolution is the produce sufficient of Reionizing Energy.
Observation Technology Advances improves Wide Field Camera 3.
Wide Field Camera 3 is the on of Chandra Telescope.
Galaxy Candidates finds Surveys.
Galaxy Candidates provides Galaxy Quality Factor.
Galaxy Candidates relates Bright End Of The Galaxy.
Rate Of Star Formation is the in of Overdense Regions.
Overdense Regions is the where known to be of Brightest And Oldest Stars.
Brightest And Oldest Stars is the deviation from of Schechter Model.
Schechter Model is the indicates influence of of Tidal Forces.
Tidal Forces is the increase in of Absorption Of Light.
Atomic Number Distribution biass Stars.
Stars is the at of Atomic Number Distribution.
Atomic Number Distribution is the causes to take on of Galaxy.
Galaxy is the at the bright end of Power-Law Shape.
Atomic Number Distribution is the too low to reach a conclusion on of Numbers.
Galaxy discovers Non-Star Stars.
Non-Star Stars is the potential candidates for follow-up observations to determine of Stellar Properties.
Detection Of The Source is the relies on of Lyman Continuum Detection.
Detection Of The Source is the relies on of Emission Lines Detection.
Reionizing Galaxies Consortium carrys Low-Light Experiments.
Low-Light Experiments is the with since 2010 of Wide Field Camera 3.
Reionizing Galaxies Consortium discovers New Source Discovery.
New Source Discovery is the of of Galaxies.
New Source Discovery is the with of Galaxy Candidates.
New Source Discovery is the not affected by of Galaxy Candidates.
Galaxy Candidates finds Dark Matter Clusters.
Dark Matter Clusters sees Observations.
Observations is the evidence for of Background Brightness Increase.
Background Brightness Increase needs New Set Of Observations.
New Set Of Observations designs Detection Of Sources.
Detection Of Sources is the for of Spectral Density Determination.
Detection Of Sources is the from of Previous Study.
Previous Study is the analyze of Borg Data.
Previous Study includes Arcmin.
Arcmin is the search for and determine their of Sources.
Sources is the determine of Spectral Density.
Sources is the continue with of Previous Data.
Borg Data is the consists of of Borg Pointings.
Borg Data follows Galactic Observation Series.
Borg Data is the from of Parallel Observations.
Parallel Observations haves Lack Of Correlation.
Lack Of Correlation determines Model And Data.
Model And Data is the versus of Comparison Of Observations.
Comparison Of Observations is the of of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field designs Spectral Baseline.
Spectral Baseline achieves Detected Field.
Detected Field calculates Exposure Time.
Detected Field is the consists of of Borg Raw Data Set.
Borg Raw Data Set extracts Rms Maps.
Rms Maps is the for of Source Detection.
Source Detection obtains Parameters.
Parameters is the for of Source.
Parameters multiplys Source.
Parameters is the to obtain of Correction Factor.
Parameters chooses Source.
Source accords Distances.
Source uses Sextractor.
Sextractor is the of of Source.
Source imposes Detection Limits.
Detection Limits uses Stellarity Profile.
Stellarity Profile is the in of Stars Examination.
M collaborates L29 Miller.
J . A . collaborates Ostriker.
J . A . collaborates Dokkum.
Vanzella collaborates Fontana.
Vanzella collaborates Pentericci.
Willott collaborates Fontana.
Willott collaborates Omont.
Wyithe collaborates Yan.
Wyithe collaborates Windhorst.
Wyithe collaborates Yang.
Yan collaborates Yan.
Yan collaborates Zamojski.
Zheng collaborates Li.
Zheng collaborates Zitrin.
Zheng collaborates Shu.
Zitrin collaborates Zheng.
Zitrin collaborates Broadhurst.
Zitrin collaborates Labb.
Labb collaborates Belli.