Image Science relates Image Processing.
Image Science relates Geometric Transformations.
Image Science relates Radiometric Transformations.
Global Invariant haves Local Invariant.
Geometric Transformations includes Translation.
Geometric Transformations includes Rotation.
Geometric Transformations includes Scaling.
Brightness Corrections relates Gamma Correction.
Brightness Corrections relates Cameras.
Brightness Corrections relates Brightness Levels.
Output Devices relates Ntsc Standard.
Input Devices relates Ntsc Standard.
Input Devices relates Cameras.
Cameras includes Sony Digital Ccd-Cdxc 950.
Cameras includes Kodak Megaplus Xrc 2000.
Intensity Derivatives includes First Order Derivatives.
Intensity Derivatives includes Second Order Derivatives.
Intensity Derivatives includes Third Order Derivatives.
Rotational Invariant relates Intensity Derivatives.
Rotational Invariant includes 3-Dimensions.
Rotational Invariant includes Rotational Invariants.
Linear Phase Transformations relates Gamma Correction.
Gamma Corrected Version relates Gamma Correction.
Analytic Function relates First Order Derivatives.
Analytic Function relates Second Order Derivatives.
Analytic Function relates Third Order Derivatives.
Pseudo-Derivative includes Partial Derivatives.
Pseudo-Derivative includes First Derivatives.
Pseudo-Derivative includes Second Derivatives.
Pseudo-Derivative includes Third Derivatives.
Pseudo-Derivative includes Kernel Size.
Pseudo-Derivative includes Kernel Length.
Template Matching relates Gamma Correction.
Template Matching relates Invariant.
0Gc is the reference of Cgc.
0Gc is the occurs at of Cmcp.
Xmath93 bases Xmath94.
Xmath94 is the cites of Xmath95.
Xmath1 locates Xmath96.
Xmath96 locates Xmath78.
Xmath1 is the subimage of same size as of Xmath97.
Xmath78 is the subimage of same size as of Xmath97.
Xmath1 is the of image of Xmath98.
Xmath98 is the intensity of image of Xmath99.
Xmath100 is the size of image of Xmath101.
Xmath100 is the number of templates of Xmath102.
Xmath100 is the number of correct positions of Xmath89.
Xmath103 is the with of Xmath104.