Sneia is the dependent on of Dark Energy.
Flare is the dependent on of Dark Energy.
Mathematical Models is the model physical properties of Dark Energy.
Mathematical Models proposes Theoretical Physics.
Mathematical Models proposes Phenomenological.
Dark Energy is the existence as of Particle.
Mathematical Models derives Equations.
Gravity studys Goenner Et Al.
Gravity is the cause of of Accelerating Universe.
Accelerating Universe explains Pseudo-Cartan Theory.
Pseudo-Cartan Theory drives Dynamic Pgt Geometry.
Dynamic Pgt Geometry is the possibility of of Torsion.
Dynamic Pgt Geometry is the possibility of of Global Curvature.
Torsion is the falls into of Particle Interactions.
Global Curvature is the interacts with of Global Curvature.
Global Curvature interprets Non-Vanishing Equations.
Global Curvature is the existence of of Modes.
Modes is the supports of Experimental Results.
Global Curvature is the affects of Dynamic Systems.
Dynamic Systems is the change to of Effects.
Fine-Tuning Problem is the important for of Model.
Expansion Constant is the affects of System.
Expansion Constant is the avoids of Fine-Tuning Problem.
Wang Et Al provides Expansion Parameter.
Wang Et Al provides Expansion Mode.
Wang Et Al provides Acceleration.
Sahni , Saini , Starobinsky And Alam identifys Statefinder Parameters.
Statefinder Parameters is the step between of Evolution.
Statefinder Parameters uses Statefinder Parameters.
Statefinder Parameters applys Quantum Field Theory.
Statefinder Parameters distinguishs Statefinder Parameters.
Statefinder Models is the shows of Expansion.
Gravity is the affects of Expansion Rate.
Statefinder Diagnostic is the affects of Early Universe.
Model uses Statefinder Parameters.
Pgt proposes General Relativity.
Pgt bases Levi-Cartan Geometry.
Levi-Cartan Geometry is the allows for of Curvature.
Levi-Cartan Geometry writes Ricci Curvature.
Levi-Cartan Geometry writes Complex Curvature.
Lagrangian Equation is the governs of Curvature Mode.
Curvature Mode haves Constant Term.
Metric associates Curvature.
Metric is the should be called of Curvature.
Governing Equations is the corresponds to of Energy-Momentum Tensor.
Governing Equations is the corresponds to of Trace.
Models is the use of Metric.
Models is the work with of Newton-Like Metric.
Rotation Mode is the result in of Equations Of Motion.
Variables is the write as of Vector.
Variables haves Absolute Value.
Variables haves Unit Vector.
Variables is the after of Transformation.
Variables is the dimensionless of Parameters.
Rotation Mode represents Total Energy-Momentum Tensor.
Total Equation derives General Relativity.
Curvature bes Static Solution.
Curvature gives Equation Of Motion.
Curvature is the function of time of Temporal Component.
Parameters is the chosen of Initial Values.
Wang Et Al provides Modes.
Wang Et Al is the affects of Expansion Rate.
Statefinder is the plot for of Parameter.
Statefinder is the plot for of Expansion.
Statefinder is the plot for of Time Evolution.
Statefinder is the plot for of Curves.
Statefinder causes Inflation.
Statefinder is the lead to of Absolute Values.
Statefinder is the reach of Converge.
Statefinder causes Time Inflation.
Statefinder is the cause evolution into of Absolute Values.
Statefinder is the reach of Converge.
Statefinder is the starts from of Curve.
Rotation Parameter is the describes of Time Evolution.
Fig relates Rotation Parameter.
Rotation Parameter is the describes of Parameters.
Time Evolution is the affects of System.
Cosmic Time is the constant of Temperature.
Statefinder is the impacts of Expansion.
Experimental Models is the impacts of Expansion.
Non-Solution is the impacts of Expansion.
Matter is the impacts of Expansion.
Expansion is the solves of Problems.
Expansion is the solves of Equations.
Expansion is the estimates of Half-Life.
Expansion is the determines of Lifetime.
Statefinder Parameters is the determines of Time-Efficient Methods.
Statefinder Parameters derives Experimental Models.
Dynamic Analysis is the impacts of Statefinder.
Dynamic Analysis is the affects of Development.
Autonomous System is the uses of Differential Form.
Autonomous System is the involves of Critical Points.
Critical Points divides Heteroclinic Orbit.
Critical Points divides Homoclinic Orbit.
Heteroclinic Orbit is the involves of Critical Points.
Heteroclinic Orbit associates Dynamic Parameter.
Linear Equations is the evaluates of Critical Points.
Linear Equations is the determines of Stability.
Critical Points is the evaluates of Stability.
Exact Periodic Solution provides Linear System.
Quasi-Periodic Solutions is the appear in of Quantum Field Theory.
Focus Points is the impacts of Stability.
Saddle is the impacts of Stability.
Positive Pole is the impacts of Stability.
Negative Pole is the impacts of Stability.
Depressing Point is the impacts of Stability.
Gravitational Constant bes Mathematical Tool.
Galaxies is the impacts of Heteroclinic Orbit.
Numerical Methods is the maps of Heteroclinic Orbit.
Experimental Data is the compares of Initial Values.
Empirical Ansatz is the constructs of Observed Parameters.
Maximum Likelihood Method is the uses of Observed Parameters.
Absolute Magnitude is the equals of Observed Magnitude.
Dimensionless Wave Function is the depends on of Planck-Einstein Distance.
Model Checking is the checks of Parameter.
Exponential Family Of Elliptic Functions derives Coefficients.
Power Series is the determines of Unknown Function.
Analytic Continuation is the applies to of Power Series.
Essence Universe Data is the applies of Maximum Likelihood Method.
Sneia is the expresses as of Absolute Magnitude.
Chandra Space bes Ref.
Xmath165 is the best fit of Xmath200.
Xmath165 is the best fit of Xmath201.
Xmath165 is the initial value of Xmath202.
Xmath203 is the choose of Xmath204.
Xmath203 is the best fit of Xmath205.
Xmath206 is the consistent at of Xmath207.
Xmath208 is the similar curve to of Xmath206.
Xmath208 is the similar curve to of Xmath209.
Xmath208 is the similar curve to of Xmath210.
Xmath208 is the similar curve to of Xmath211.
Xmath208 is the similar curve to of Xmath212.
Xmath213 corresponds Xmath0.
Xmath213 corresponds Xmath32.
Xmath213 is the choose of Xmath214.
Xmath213 is the choose of Xmath215.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath206.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath209.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath210.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath211.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath212.
Xmath141 is the relationship between of Xmath54.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath206.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath209.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath210.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath211.
Xmath208 is the close curve behavior to of Xmath212.
Xmath0 slows Xmath32.
Xmath218 accelerates Xmath18.
Xmath218 accelerates Xmath18.
Xmath222 is the dependent on the energy of Xmath223.
Xmath224 derives Xmath225.
Xmath224 derives Xmath226.