Quantum Information Theory stores Information.
Information stores Quantum System.
Quantum System is the leads to of Decoherence.
Decoherence is the necessary for retrieval of Qubits.
Quantum Error Correction reduces Qubits.
Qec reduces Quantum Interference.
Qec reduces Decoherence.
Qec mentions Xcite.
Qubits adds Syndrome Qubit.
Qubits mentions Xcite.
Encoding Algorithm encodes Qubits.
Encoding Algorithm encodes Ancilla Qubits.
Quantum Channel haves Signal Wavelength.
Quantum Channel haves Electromagnetic Radiation.
Error Correction Algorithm describes Next Section.
Alice is the send to of Qubits.
Agents is the send to of Qubits.
Knill-Laflamme Correctability Theorem is the satisfy of Quantum Channel.
Quantum Error Correcting Code associates Rank.
Quantum Channel Of The Form bes Quantum Error Correcting Code.
Theorem is the prove of Quantum Channel Of The Form.
Square Matrix uses Theorem.
Non-Negative Matrix uses Theorem.
Recovery Circuit is the ends with of Encoding Circuit.
Vector Problem is the example of of Quantum Channel.
Orthogonal Vectors is the construct for of Vector Problem.
Decoherence-Array maps Qubits.
Quantum Noise Problem is the involves of Partially Correlated Scheme.
Matrix Multiplication Algorithm uses Quantum Algorithms.
Error Operators detects Matrix Multiplication Algorithm.
Partially Correlated Scheme is the violates of Quantum Noise Property.
Signal uses Quantum Noise Property.
Odd Number is the codes data qubits of Quantum Noise Property.
Fully Correlated Error is the incorrect of Quantum Error Correcting Code.
Ckl supports 2011 Fulbright Grant.
Ckl supports Hk Rgc Grant.
Ckl supports 2011 Macarthur Fellowship.
Ckl supports 2011 Shanxi University Research Grant.
Ckl affiliates Associate Professor.
Ckl affiliates University Of Hong Kong.
Ckl affiliates Beijing Institute Of Technology.
Ckl affiliates Peking University.
Ht supports University Research Network Grant.
Ht supports Chinese Universities Research Project Grant.
Ht supports Mext.
Ytp supports Uk Government Grant.
Nss supports Hk Rgc Grant.