Nonlinear Chaotic Systems derives Transport Properties.
Chaotic Systems defines Ensemble Of Particles.
Chaotic Systems is the dependent on of Initial Conditions.
Chaotic Systems is the dependent on of Parameters Of The System.
Chaotic Systems is the consists of of Phase-Space Structure.
Phase-Space Structure is the consists of of Stability Islands.
Stability Islands is the example of of Seas.
Transport Properties solves Mateos.
Physics Problem focuss Ensemble Of Particles.
Physics Problem studys Potential.
Potential is the influences of Positive Or Negative Potential.
Ensemble Of Particles is the exhibits of Chaotic Behavior.
Mateos studys Chaotic Behavior.
Mateos correlates Direction Change.
Mateos distinguishs Transition From Stable To Chaotic States.
Barbi studys Spin Currents.
Barbi proposes Spin Transport Function.
Spin Transport Function is the function of of Internal Spin States.
Barbi suggests Fluctuations.
Barbi studys Quantum System.
Barbi studys Rotating Periodic And Chaotic System.
Barbi studys Transport Properties.
Barbi discusss Relationship Between Particles And Current Curves.
Barbi analyzes Dynamics.
Barbi considers Time-Dependence.
Barbi constructs Phase Curve.
Barbi associates Parameter.
Barbi is the chosen for of Initial Trajectory.
Barbi collects Observations.
Barbi is the independent of of Boundary Conditions.
Barbi considers One-Dimensional System.
Barbi studys Periodic Orbit.
Barbi conducts Simulations.
Barbi discusss Non-Linear Behavior.
Barbi defines Average Velocity.
Barbi calculates Sum.
Barbi is the dependent on of Transport Parameter.
Barbi uses Phase Diagram.
Barbi studys Ensemble Of Particles.
Barbi generates Single Paths.
Barbi compares Set Of Points.
Barbi is the correspond to of Liquid Lines.
Barbi is the correspond to of Solid Lines.
Barbi observes Regular Motion.
Barbi observes Chaotic Motion.
Barbi is the colleague of Alice.
Barbi haves Xmath52.
Alice haves Xmath52.
Xmath52 is the closer to of Xmath53.
Xmath44 is the result of of Xmath53.
Xmath44 represents Xmath54.
Xmath45 assumes Xmath54.
Xmath57 is the depends on of Xmath58.
Xmath59 is the determines of Xmath60.
Xmath61 is the function of of Xmath58.
Xmath0 is the versus of Xmath62.
Xmath7 is the versus of Xmath62.
Xmath8 is the versus of Xmath62.
Xmath63 is the at of Xmath74.
Xmath74 is the at of Xmath63.
Xmath64 is the versus of Xmath74.
Xmath65 is the at of Xmath74.
Xmath66 is the at of Xmath74.
Xmath66 is the versus of Xmath8.
Xmath7 is the versus of Xmath79.
Xmath79 is the versus of Xmath7.
Xmath7 is the with of Xmath80.
Xmath80 is the with of Xmath7.