Multiscale Dynamics uses Chemistry.
Multiscale Dynamics uses Physics.
Multiscale Dynamics uses Geosciences.
Multiscale Dynamics is the observation of Self-Similarity.
Self-Similarity uses Multiscaling.
Self-Similarity uses Multifractal.
Self-Similarity is the measurement of Wave-Scale.
Wave-Scale is the measurement of Integer.
Multifractal is the property of Convex.
Multifractal is the property of Angular Momentum.
Multifractal is the measurement method of Vector Based Methods.
Vector Based Methods is the example of Wavelets.
Vector Based Methods is the example of Statistical Method.
Large-Scale Structures is the correlation of Small-Scale Structures.
Large-Scale Structures is the influence of Small-Scale Structures.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) is the method of Detrending Analysis (Da).
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) is the definition of Velocity Increment.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) uses Weighted Average Brownian Motion (Fbm).
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) uses Lognormal Distribution.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) is the result of Detrended Signal.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) is the result of Detrending Scale.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) uses Weight Function.
Detrended Transfer-Function (Dsf) uses Chung-Chan Method.
Multifractal Random Variable uses Lognormal Measure.
Multifractal Random Variable is the result of Nonstationary Multifractal Time Series.
Experimental Turbulence is the similar to of Experimental Simulated Turbulent Flow.
Second-Order Sfs is the similar to of Second-Order Dsfs.
Kolmogorovs One-Third Scale is the indicates of Angular Plateau.
Angular Plateau is the indicates of Wavenumber.
Wavenumber is the indicates of Peak Wavenumber.
Phased Array uses X-Ray-Spot Detectors.
X-Ray-Spot Detectors places Horizon Line.
X-Ray-Spot Detectors places Center Line.
Center Line is the measures of Measured Velocity Profile.
Scaled Factors calculates Lognormal Distribution.
Large-Scale Motion is the removes of Velocity Profile.
Taylor Process uses Detrended Phase-Change Technique.
High Reynolds Number Wind Tunnel compares Low Reynolds Number Wind Tunnel.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China Research Institute supports Chang Jiang University Of Technology.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China Research Institute supports Shanghai Higher Education Foundation.
National Natural Science Foundation Of China Research Institute supports China Foundation For Scientific Research Projects, Shanghai.
F. Schmitt is the thanks to of C. Meneveau.
F. Schmitt is the thanks to of Y. Huang.
F. Schmitt is the thanks to of Y. Wang.
F. Schmitt is the thanks to of Y. Liu.
F. Schmitt is the thanks to of Y. Fernandez.
C. Meneveau provides M. Muzy.
C. Meneveau provides M. Bacry.
C. Meneveau provides M. Arneodo.
Y. Huang provides F. F. Schmitt.
Y. Huang provides J. J. Hermand.
Y. Huang provides M. Gagne.
Y. Huang provides Z. Lu.
Y. Huang provides Y. Liu.
Praskovsky provides A. A. Gledzer.
Praskovsky provides A. A. Karyakin.
Y. Shen provides Y. Wang.
Y. Shen provides Y. Wang.