Special Mass Distribution discovers European Physics Collaboration.
Special Mass Distribution starts 1988.
Special Mass Distribution relates Particle Physics.
Special Mass Distribution relates High Energy.
Special Mass Distribution relates Neutron Scattering.
Special Mass Distribution relates Special Parton Distribution Functions.
Special Parton Distribution Functions relates Gpds.
Special Parton Distribution Functions obtains Deep-Virtual Spin Measurements.
Special Parton Distribution Functions composes Kinematical Components.
Kinematical Components is the part of of Total # ##Ness Fraction.
Kinematical Components is the part of of Skewdness Fraction.
Kinematical Components is the part of of One-Dimensional-Distribution Function.
Gpds reduces Proton.
Gpds reduces Electron.
Gpds relates Electromagnetic Form Factors.
Gpds relates Chiral Limit.
Gpds relates Lattice Quantum Mechanics.
Gpds applys Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm).
Gpds relates Proton Mass.
Gpds uses Experimental Results.
Gpds uses Lattice Simulations.
Lattice Simulations carrys Heavy Ion Regime.
Lattice Simulations involves Bound States.
Lattice Simulations relates Chiral Symmetry.
Lattice Simulations explains Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm).
Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm) is the explains of Chiral Symmetry.
Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm) relates Lattice Quantum Mechanics.
Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm) studys Parton Effect.
Chiral Quantum Field Model (Cqsm) is the predicts of Proton Mass.
Proton Mass compares Experimental Results.
Proton Mass compares Lattice Qc ##D.
Proton Mass compares Lattice Simulations.
Proton Mass improves Accuracy.
Proton Mass relates Observables.
Proton Mass relates Structure.
Proton Mass introduces Model.
Proton Mass introduces Framework.
Proton Mass relates Interpretation.
Proton Mass interprets Experimental Analysis.
Proton Mass is the depends on of Total Effective Lagrangian.
Proton Mass relates Chiral-Symmetry Breaking.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Current Magnetic Field.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Electron Masses.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Chiral-Breaking Term.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Effective Lagrangian.
Proton Mass defines Group Equation.
Proton Mass defines Classical Lagrangian.
Proton Mass uses Newton-Villars Invariant Formula.
Proton Mass contains Cubic Coefficients.
Proton Mass contains Equation Of Motion.
Proton Mass defines Group Action.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Steady-State Energy.
Proton Mass is the under the influence of of Negative Energy State.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Wave Function.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Momentum Basis.
Proton Mass is the dependent on of Part Masses.
Proton Mass is the start with of Unpolarized Gpds.
Unpolarized Gpds expresss Breit Formula.
Breit Formula obtains Second Derivative.
Breit Formula relates Isoscalar Part.
Breit Formula relates Isovector Part.
Breit Formula expresss Parton Correlation ##S.
Isoscalar Part relates Breit Formula.
Isovector Part relates Breit Formula.
Electromagnetic Form Factors is the relates to of Particles.
Gpds is the relates to of Moments.
Moments is the relates to of Electromagnetic Form Factors.
Particles is the relates to of Channel.
Form Factors is the relates to of Gpds.
Gpds is the relates to of Physical Properties.
Spherical Configuration is the relates to of Isoscalar Sachs-Type Form Factor.
Spherical Configuration is the relates to of Gravitoelectric Form Factor.
Gravitoelectric Form Factor is the relates to of Nonforward Component.
Gravitoelectric Form Factor is the relates to of Total Energy Density Tensor.
Generalized Magnetic Form Factors is the relates to of Spin-1 Orbitals.
Gravitomagnetic Form Factor is the relates to of Electron.
Local Magnetic Form Factor is the relates to of Forward Limit.
Local Magnetic Form Factor is the relates to of Backward Limit.
Magnetic Moment is the relates to of Nuclear Spin.
Gravitomagnetic Symmetry is the relates to of Particle.
Isovector Expression is the relates to of Magnetic Form Factor.
Chiral String is the relates to of Self-Coupling Mass.
Chiral String is the relates to of Gauge Invariant Mass.
Instanton-Model is the relates to of Quantum Vacuum.
Crystal Structure is the relates to of Particles.
Lattice is the size increases with of Electron Density.
Lattice uses Cqsm.
Cqsm is the predicts of Form Factors.
Form Factors relates Coefficients.
Form Factors relates Sachs Form Factors.
Form Factors relates Rosen Form Factors.
Form Factors relates Generalized Form Factors.
Generalized Form Factors relates Coefficients.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Momentum Transfer.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Atomic Nuclei.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Energy Scale.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Gravitomagnetic Moment.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Angular Momentum.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Mass.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Vector Fields.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Electron Mass.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Isovector Properties.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Cloud Magnetic Moment.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Chiral Limit.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Wave-Particle Coupling Constant.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Angular Momentum Conservation.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Unpolarized Spin.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Distribution Function.
Generalized Form Factors is the dependent on of Spin Anti-Spin State.