Electron Transfer is the involves of Molecular Molecules.
Electron Transfer is the involves of Semiconductor Nanomaterials.
Electron Transfer is the involves of Surfaces.
Experiments is the focuses on of Electron Transfer.
Electron Transfer is the involves of Absorption Bands.
Absorption Bands is the fundamental step for of Electrochemical Research Applications.
Absorption Bands is the fundamental step for of Photoelectrochemical Research Applications.
Absorption Bands is the fundamental step for of Spectroscopy.
Absorption Bands is the fundamental step for of Laser Energy Conversion.
Absorption Bands is the fundamental step for of Quantum Dot Lasers.
Molecular Molecules is the involves of Semiconductor Surface.
Reactions is the involves of Electron Transfer.
Reactions is the no bonds are broken of Bonds.
Experiments demonstrates Ultrafast Nature.
Experiments requires Sensitive Nature.
Experiments requires Exact Understanding.
Exact Understanding is the to model of Electron Transfer Dynamics.
Electron Transfer Dynamics knows Relaxation.
Relaxation uses Diffusion Density Matrix (Rdm) Method.
Diffusion Density Matrix (Rdm) Method uses Experiments.
Experiments models Charge Transfer.
Charge Transfer models Semiconductor Absorption Band.
Experiments models Time-Dependent Schrödinger Method.
Time-Dependent Schrödinger Method is the ignores of Relaxation Processes.
Relaxation Processes confirms Effects.
Effects is the after 10 ms of theperylene-tio of Disappear Completely.
Systems surrounds Heat Bath.
Systems is the at of Equilibrium.
Systems is the consists of of System Hamiltonian.
System Hamiltonian is the consists of of Relevant System Part.
System Hamiltonian is the consists of of Heat-Bath Part.
Systems is the leads to of Redfield Equation.
Redfield Equation is the describes of Redfield Interaction.
System-Part Interaction is the with of System Part.
System-Part Interaction is the with of System Part.
System-Part Interaction is the can take advantage of of Operators.
Operators is the results in of Wave Function.
Wave Function assumes Linear Approximation.
Linear Approximation is the neither of Not Used.
Linear Approximation is the not useful because of Linearized Approximation.
Linearized Approximation is the could lead to of Negative Results.
Excited Band interacts Ground State.
Excited Band is the consists of of Hamiltonian.
Excited Band is the consists of of Quasi-Product.
Excited Band is the consists of of Excited States.
Excited Band is the consists of of Transition State.
Ground State couples Transition State.
Transition State assumes Linear.
Transition State describes Spectral Density.
Reaction models Ground State Potential Energy Surface.
Ground State Potential Energy Surface is the results in of Excited Plane Model.
Excited Plane Model bases Positive Energy.
Excited Plane Model bases One-Electron Transition State.
Ground State Potential Energy Surface is the between of Coupling.
Coupling describes Transition States.
Harmonic System describes Spectral Density.
Transition States is the all have the same of Frequency.
Invariant is the dividing by of Harmonic System.
Invariant gives Frequency.
Mechanism Of Coupling is the to of Understand.
Electron Transport is the large number of of Electronic States.
Electron Transport is the use of of Monte Carlo Distribution Function.
Electron Transport is the use of of Simpler Model.
Simpler Model considers Electronic Band.
Electronic Band is the participates in of Injection Process.
Electronic Band is the much larger than of Total Size.
Electronic Band treats Band Of Width 2.75 Ev.
Electronic Band is the on each of of Five Electronic Surfaces.
Electronic Surfaces takes Electronic States.
Properties bases Mechanism Of Absorption.
Properties is the relax into of Electronic Populations.
Electronic Populations is the relax into of Quasi-Continuum States.
Electronic Populations is the relax into of Ground State.
Recurrences is the back into of Ground State.
Recurrences is the parts of of Wave Function.
Recurrences is the can travel back to of High Enough In Energy.
Recurrences is the extend of Work.
Work is the into of Results.
Results is the into of Study.
Study is the into of Electron Transport.