Topological Phase relates Condensed Matter Physics.
Topological Many-Body State is the constitutes of Topological Phase.
Hilbert Space States is the constitutes of Topological Many-Body State.
Topological Space is the exists in of Topological Many-Body State.
Topological Superconductor discovers Topological Phase.
Topological Superconductor relates Cfl.
Cfl relates Fault-Tolerant Topological Quantum Computer.
Topological Superconductor uses Platforms For Computational Experiments.
Chiral-Topological Superconductor uses Platforms For Computational Experiments.
S-Wavelet uses Platforms For Computational Experiments.
Superconducting Topological Phase uses Platforms For Computational Experiments.
Noncentrosymmetric Superconductor uses Platforms For Computational Experiments.
Superconducting Insb Nanowire observes Topological Phase.
Superconducting Insb Nanowire relates Josephson Junction.
Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model considers Topological Phase.
Nuclear Coupling is the affects of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Semimetal State is the exists in of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Spin Andreev Flat States is the enable calculation of spin of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Chern Number is the not well-defined in gapless region of Semimetal State.
Pfaffian Version Of The Black-Box Spin Hamiltonian is the describes many different states of Semimetal State.
Flat Abs is the causes peak in density of electrons of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Flat Abs is the leaves impression in electrical properties of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Zero-Bias Current Peak observes Superconducting Insb Nanowire.
Zero-Bias Current Peak observes Josephson Junction.
Zero-Bias Current Peak is the similar to of Flat Abs.
Phase Diagrams describes Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Interaction Equations solves Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Bdg Hamiltonian is the satisfies eigenstates and density matrices of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Gapless Ground States is the exist due to nontrivial coupling property of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Free States is the exist due to nontrivial coupling property of Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Rashba Term replaces Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Local Magnetic Field describes Dresselhaus (110) Spin-Orbit Coupled Model.
Chern Number uses Rashba Term.
Energy Gap is the determines state space of Chern Number.
Gap-Closing Points is the lead to gap closure of Energy Gap.
Pfaffian Invariant calculates Gap-Closing Points.
Winding Number applys Gap-Closing Points.
Flat Abs ignores Gap-Closing Points.
Electrical Properties is the impression in of Flat Abs.
Physrevlett is the citation of Physrevlett.
Physrevlett is the citation of Physrevb.
Physrevb is the citation of Physrevb.