Xcite demonstrates Qsos.
Qsos relates Gas.
Qsos observes Galaxies.
Gas includes Ly.
Gas is the leads to of Superwinds.
Galaxies detects Infrared Spectrum.
Galaxies studys Halo.
Halo is the contains of Dark Gas.
Galaxies detects Ultraluminous Spiral Galaxies.
Ultraluminous Spiral Galaxies uses Coadded Deep2 Images.
Galaxies studys Halo Gas.
Galaxies detects Background Galactic System.
Galaxies detects Active Open Cluster.
Active Open Cluster is the contains of Agn.
Agn is the contributes to of Stellar Population.
Tkrs4389 conducts Dr. Rubin.
Tkrs4259 is the within orbital zone of of Tkrs4389.
Tkrs4259 is the radial velocity comparison of Tkrs4389.
Minimum Mass is the consistency of Galaxy System.
Star Formation is the effect of Cold Gas.
Star Formation is the effect of Transition Regime.
Cold Gas is the accretion of Cool Gas.
Stellar Models is the formation of Hot Halo.
Multiwavelength Observations is the analysis of Luminous Components.
Galaxy System surrounds Dust.
Dust is the formation of Central Hot Halo.
Parent Galaxy is the merger of Halo.
Galaxy System is the experience of Starburst.
Starburst is the cause of Eruption.
Hot Halo is the ejection of Star-Forming Regions.
Clouds is the formation of Hot Halo.
Clouds is the high emission of Radio Emission.
Galaxy System is the study of Host Galaxies.
Dataset is the inclusion of Infrared Images.
Dataset is the identification of Starburst Source.
Starburst Source is the identification of Agn Emission.
Agn Emission is the identification of Post-Starbursts.
Qso Galaxies is the lack of Source-Source Interactions.
Qso Galaxies is the lack of Galaxy Formation History.
Survey is the aim of Host Galaxies.
Detection is the requirement of Instrument.
Signal-To-Noise Ratio is the achievement of Galaxy Pairs.
Galaxy Pairs is the measurement of Distances.
Deep2 Survey is the inclusion of Galaxy Pairs.
Kepler-1 is the inclusion of Galaxy Pairs.
Zcosmos is the inclusion of Galaxy Pairs.
Vimos Vlt Survey is the inclusion of Galaxy Pairs.
Pan-Galactic Survey is the inclusion of Galaxy Pairs.
Imaging Telescopes is the comparison of Grb Sightlines.
Grb Sightlines is the allowance of Sample Size.
Light Conditions is the observation of Background Galaxies.
Background Galaxies is the observation of Nucleus.
Resolution Measurements is the constraint of Hardware Limitations.
Adaptive Optics is the requirement of Telescopes.
Adaptive Optics is the requirement of Ifus.
Telescopes is the requirement of Detectors.
R. Tremonti is the acknowledgement of Stellar Structure Classification Code.
M. Cooksey is the acknowledgement of Stellar Structure-Classification Code.
M. Cooksey is the analysis of Data.
M. Patel is the generation of Idl Code.
David Smith is the participation of Discussion.
Hsiao-Mei Smith is the participation of Discussion.
Sara Smith is the participation of Discussion.
David Smith is the participation of Discussion.
David Mathews is the participation of Discussion.
John Smith is the participation of Discussion.
Brice Mnard is the participation of Discussion.
David Smith is the participation of Discussion.
Jeremy Smith is the participation of Discussion.
Chris Thom is the participation of Discussion.
John Winstrom is the participation of Discussion.
J. A. is the recognition of Historical Significance.
Cromer is the recognition of Historical Significance.
Southard is the recognition of Historical Significance.
R. J. Crabtree is the recognition of Historical Significance.
R. J. Hanisch is the recognition of Historical Significance.
J. Barnes is the recognition of Historical Significance.
S. S. Guhathakurta is the recognition of Historical Significance.
M. Smith is the recognition of Historical Significance.
R. J. Mckee is the recognition of Historical Significance.
J. Heiles is the recognition of Historical Significance.
J. A. Shapiro is the recognition of Historical Significance.