Polymer Chains is the motion modeling of Brownian Motion.
Polymer Chains is the basis for study of Molecular Dynamics.
Spring Model is the model type of Bead-Spring Model.
Bead-Spring Model holds Dna Molecule.
Bead-Spring Model is the acting forces of Bending Forces.
Bead-Spring Model is the acting forces of Random Forces.
Bead-Spring Model models Dna Chains.
Dna Molecule is the model type of Zimm Model.
Zimm Model models Bending Forces.
Zimm Model models Electric Fields.
Dna Molecule is the measurement of Chain Length.
Dna Molecule binds Protein.
Dna Molecule is the concentration increase of Dna Particles.
Protein is the concentration increase of Dna Particles.
Dna Molecule is the storage location of Cell Nucleus.
Cell Nucleus is the storage of Genetic Information.
Cell Nucleus is the organization of Dna Strands.
Dna Strands is the regulation of Target Genes.
Dna Strands is the space filling of Dna Folding.
Dna Folding is the usage of Transcription.
Dna Folding is the regulation of Cell Cycle.
Dna Folding is the regulation of Gene Expression.
Dna Folding is the formation of Nucleosome Structure.
Nucleosome Structure is the assembly of Dna Genome.
Nucleosome Structure is the debate topic of Mesoscopic Dna Folding.
Nucleosome Structure is the preference of Complex Structures.
Nucleosome Structure is the context of Vivo.
Multi-Resolution Bea-Spring Model is the extension of Rouse Model.
Multi-Resolution Bea-Spring Model is the analysis of Dna Dynamics Model.
Dna Dynamics Model is the parameter determination of Metropolis-Newton Method.
Dna Dynamics Model is the extension of Linear Multiscale Model.
Linear Multiscale Model is the derivation of Partial Differential Equations.
Linear Multiscale Model is the discretization of Ito-Maruyama Algorithm.
Multi-Dimensional Polymer-Based Model is the application of Fluid Dynamics Models.
Multi-Phase Two-Spring Model is the model type of Bea-Spring Model.
Bea-Spring Model is the component of Polymer Chain.
Polymer Chain is the calculation of Centre Of Mass.
Polymer Chain is the calculation of Self Diffusion Constant.
Regions describes Polymers.
Polymers describes Forces.
Linear Static Model implements Algorithms.
Linear Static Model implements Zimm Algorithm.
Zimm Algorithm simulates Bending Forces.
Multiscale Approach combines Linear Static Model.
Interactions is the model of of Molecules.
Allison And Everaers is the shows of Lennard-Smith And Fene Interactions.
Molecular Dynamics Approach uses Dna Structure.
Molecular Dynamics Approach derives Brownian Motion Models.
Brownian Motion Models derives Molecular Dynamics Approach.
Protein-Based Coarse-Grain Models develops Dna-Binding Molecules.
Adaptive Diffusion Techniques develops Dna-Binding Molecules.
Transcription Factors induces Dna Recognition.
Transcription Factors recognizes Cells.
Imaging Techniques enables Experimental Data.
Electron-Microscopy-Based Techniques is the reveals of 3D Structures.
3D Structures forms Dna-Binding Proteins.
Dna-Binding Proteins haves Binding Sites.
S. Shinkai analyzes Dna Structure.
S. Nozaki analyzes Dna Structure.
S. Maeshima analyzes Dna Structure.
S. Togashi analyzes Dna Structure.