Em Waves discovers Stenzel.
Em Waves is the occurs in of Plasma.
Em Waves uses Electron Beam Physics.
Em Waves is the interacts with of Atmosphere.
Em Waves is the interacts with of Ambient Magnetosphere.
Em Waves is the interacts with of Solar Wind.
Freja Satellite is the shows potential for of Plasma.
Van Allen Radiation Belts accelerates Electrons.
Van Allen Radiation Belts is the reaches of Mev Energy.
Planck Experiment is the discovers of Spheromaks.
Planck Experiment is the observes of Quantum Plasma Reconnection.
Planck Experiment is the observes of Plasma Dynamics.
Laser-Solid Density Plasma Interaction Experiments is the studies of Quantum States.
Laser-Solid Density Plasma Interaction Experiments is the studies of Nanoscale Physics.
Laser-Solid Density Plasma Interaction Experiments is the studies of Ultracold Physics.
Laser-Solid Density Plasma Interaction Experiments is the studies of Spintronics.
Laser-Solid Density Plasma Interaction Experiments is the studies of Plasmonics.
White Dwarfs is the observes of Quantum States.
White Dwarfs is the observes of Superdense States.
Jupitors is the observes of Superdense States.
Magnetars is the observes of Superdense States.
Electron Spin affects Ponderomotive Force.
Metals is the develops of Spin Waves.
Whistlers is the interacts with of Spin Waves.
Whistlers is the interacts with of Electron Density.
Whistlers is the affects of Electron Transport.
Whistlers is the affects of Electron Spin.
Whistlers associates Velocity Waves.
Whistlers associates Electro-Optical Waves.
Bulk Metal-Semiconductor System is the occurs in of Magnetic Field.
Organic Molecules governs Spin Equations.
Organic Molecules is the affects of Electron Resonance Energy.
Organic Molecules is the affects of Electron Angular Momentum.
Nonlinearly Coupled Em Waves is the propagates at of Radio Frequencies.
Nonlinearly Coupled Em Waves is the propagates at of Microwave Radio Frequency.
Transmission Lines is the travels with of Electron Travel Time.
Transmission Lines is the transmits of Microwave Radio Frequency.
Transmission Lines is the travels with of Thermal Speed.
Transmission Lines is the produces of Electron Continuity Equation.
Transmission Lines is the produces of Magnetic Moment.
Transmission Lines is the produces of Thermal Energy.
Transmission Lines is the occurs in of High Temperature Experiment.
Transmission Lines is the affects of Quantum Number.
Transmission Lines is the affects of Spinponderomotive Force.
Transmission Lines is the observes of Spin Screening.
Transmission Lines is the observes of Spin Equations.
Transmission Lines is the affects of Spin Effects.
Transmission Lines is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Transmission Lines is the affects of Classical Equation Of State.
Ground State is the valid for of Temperature.
Ground State is the valid for of Magnetic Field.
Ground State is the observes of Superdense States.
Separation is the affects of Spin Effects.
Quasineutrality holds Plasma.
Quasineutrality holds Nonrelativistic Plasma.