Quantum Hall Effect relates Topological Effects.
Quantum Hall Effect relates Condensed Matter Physics.
Two-Dimensional Quantum Gases observes Excited State.
Electron States relates Quantum States.
Quantum States relates Topological Effects.
Quantum States relates Quasi-Particles.
Quasi-Particles relates Electric Charge.
Fractionalization relates Magnetic Field.
Aharonov-Bohm Model uses Gedanken Tube Effect.
Gedanken Tube Effect observes Chiral Magnetic Regions.
Chiral Magnetic Regions relates Magnetic Flux.
Magnetic Flux relates Byers-Wilson Theorem.
Corbino Disk relates Casimir Effect.
Magnetic Flux relates Quantum Network.
Klein Factors relates Spin State.
Spin State relates Renormalization Group.
Magnetic Flux relates Mz Gate.
Mz Gate observes Ab Particles.
Mz States relates Quantum Numbers.
Casimir Effect relates Mz Systems.
Magnetic Flux relates Many-Particle Wave Function Models.
John Doe is the existence of Identity Matrix.
Diffusion Operator is the expression of Diffusion Operator.
Local Growth Operators is the combination of Prefactor.
Probability Density Functions is the expression of Energy Change.
Exchange Of Quantum States is the induced change of Energy.
Light-Like Waves is the creation of Continuous Wave.
Low-Energy System is the consideration of Transfer Of Observables.
Tunnel Hamiltonian is the calculation of Tunnel Operators.
Magnetic Flux is the variation of Variable Transfer Function.
Interferometer is the state representation of Initial State.
Initial State is the description of Arc Length.
Corbino Curve is the description of Localization.
Inner Product is the obtainment of Differential Operators.
Quantum Effects is the effect calculation of System Hamiltonian.
Tunnel Operators is the application of Gate Voltage.
Current is the generation of Magnetic Field.
Classical Particle Hamiltonian is the derivation of Wave Functions.
Tunnel Equation is the derivation of Phase Transformation.
Classical Particle Physics is the comparison of Gauge Anomaly.
Magnetic Field is the explanation of Gauge Anomaly.
Local Degrees Of Freedom is the consideration of Edge Action.
Edge Action is the determination of Edge Field.
Effective Hamiltonian Field is the generation of Chiral Edge Theory.
Energy Density is the calculation of Boundary Fields.
Boundary Fields is the influence of Chiral Edge Theory.
Wilson Lines is the description of Spin Particle.
Spin Particle is the calculation of Statistical Phase.
Charge is the calculation of Statistical Phase.
Laughlin Quasi-Hole is the connection of Closed Loop.
Count Analysis calculates Dolev.
Count Analysis calculates Wang.
Count Analysis calculates Chung.
Count Analysis calculates Heiblum.
Count Analysis calculates Umansky.
Count Analysis calculates Mahalu.
Dolev collaborates Wang.
Dolev collaborates Chung.
Dolev collaborates Heiblum.
Dolev collaborates Umansky.
Dolev collaborates Mahalu.
Wang collaborates Chung.
Wang collaborates Heiblum.
Wang collaborates Umansky.
Wang collaborates Mahalu.
Chung collaborates Heiblum.
Chung collaborates Umansky.
Chung collaborates Mahalu.
Heiblum collaborates Umansky.
Heiblum collaborates Mahalu.
Umansky collaborates Mahalu.
Simmons collaborates Wei.
Simmons collaborates Engel.
Simmons collaborates Tsui.
Simmons collaborates Shayegan.
Wei collaborates Engel.
Wei collaborates Tsui.
Wei collaborates Shayegan.
Engel collaborates Tsui.
Engel collaborates Shayegan.
Tsui collaborates Shayegan.
Camino collaborates Zhou.
Camino collaborates Goldman.
Zhou collaborates Goldman.
Willett collaborates Pfeiffer.
Willett collaborates Smith.
Pfeiffer collaborates Smith.
Neder collaborates Heiblum.
Neder collaborates Levinson.
Neder collaborates Mahalu.
Neder collaborates Umansky.
Marquardt collaborates Heiblum.
Marquardt collaborates Mahalu.
Marquardt collaborates Umansky.
Bieri collaborates Weiss.
Bieri collaborates Goktas.
Bieri collaborates Hauser.
Bieri collaborates Schonenberger.
Bieri collaborates Oberholzer.
Roulleau collaborates Portier.
Roulleau collaborates Glattli.
Roulleau collaborates Roche.
Roulleau collaborates Cavanna.
Roulleau collaborates Faini.
Roulleau collaborates Gennser.
Roulleau collaborates Mailly.
Portier collaborates Glattli.
Portier collaborates Roche.
Portier collaborates Cavanna.
Portier collaborates Faini.
Portier collaborates Gennser.
Portier collaborates Mailly.
Litvin collaborates Tranitz.
Litvin collaborates Wegscheider.
Litvin collaborates Strunk.
Litvin collaborates Helzel.
Helzel collaborates Tranitz.
Helzel collaborates Wegscheider.
Helzel collaborates Strunk.
Kogan collaborates Perelomov.
Kogan collaborates Semenoff.
Gurarie collaborates Nayak.
Le Gail collaborates Regnault.
Le Gail collaborates Goerbig.
Smith collaborates Smith.
Kogan collaborates Perelomov.
Kogan collaborates Semenoff.
Gurarie collaborates Nayak.
Le Gail collaborates Regnault.
Le Gail collaborates Goerbig.