Mathematics is the problem of Equation Equivalence Problem.
Mathematics is the problem of Finite Algebraic Group.
Finite Algebraic Group is the arises in of Finite Group.
Finite Algebraic Group is the arises in of Rings.
Equation Equivalence Problem is the problem of Group Expressions.
Equation Equivalence Problem is the problem of Functions.
Group Expressions is the determines of Value.
Group Expressions is the determines of Substitution.
Equation Equivalence Problem is the problem of Variables.
Equation Equivalence Problem is the problem of Equivalence Problem.
Finite Group bes Odd.
Finite Group bes Dihedral Group.
Odd haves Polynomial Time Resolution.
Dihedral Group haves Polynomial Time Resolution.
Finite Group bes Even.
Even haves Conp-Complete.
Abelian Groups bes Subgroup.
Abelian Groups bes Squarefree.
Subgroup haves Squarefree.
Semidirectible bes Abelian Groups.
Abelian Groups haves Conp-Complete.
Equivalence Problem is the problem of Finite Group.
Equivalence Problem is the problem of Infinite Groups.
Finite Group is the problem of Equivalence Problem.
Infinite Groups is the problem of Equivalence Problem.
Finite Group bes Finite Order.
Finite Order is the problem of Equation Existence Problem.
Finite Order bes Noncommutative Subgroup.
Noncommutative Subgroup is the problem of Equation Existence Problem.
Noncommutative Subgroup bes Upper Unitriangular Matrices.
Finite Order bes Semipattern Group.
Semipattern Group bes Diagonal Matrices.
Matrix Rings bes Large Matrix Rings.
Sigma Polynomial bes Jacobson Polynomial.
Jacobson Polynomial bes Factor.
Factor bes Rational.
Regular bes Polynomial Ring.
Number Theory bes Number Group.
Number Group bes Upper Triangular Matrices.
Upper Triangular Matrices bes N Group.
N Group bes Semipattern Group.
Semipattern Group bes Diagonal Matrices.
Matrix Rings bes Sigma Polynomial.
Sigma Polynomial bes Polynomial.
Polynomial bes Product Of Monomials.
Equation Decision Problem bes Linear Equation Decision Problem.
Ramsey Number Theory bes Characteristic.
Characteristic bes Nilpotency Class.
Nilpotency Class bes Prime.
General Solution Problem bes Sigma Equation Solution Problem.
Sigma Equation Solution Problem bes Sigma Equation Problem.
Sigma Equation Problem bes Simple Local Ring.
Simple Local Ring bes Ideal.