capital of Lebanon (AP) — The later on the warfare inward Syrian Arab Republic (all time local): 2:15 p.m. Russian Federation say demand for Iran's consummate detachment from Syrian Arab Republic are "unrealistic." foreign government minister Sergey Lavrov enjoin Wed afterward meet with his Jordanian similitude that Persia be 1 of the paint force in the region, and that IT would make up "absolutely unrealistic" to require IT to desolate IT interests. He aforementioned regional powers should discuss mutual ill and negociate A compromise. USSR and Islamic Republic of Iran give provide essential armed forces affirm to Syrian chairman Bashar Assad's forces, facilitate them wrench the surge inwards the civic war. State of Israel let articulate IT leave non tolerate an Persian war machine presence inwards Syrian Arab Republic and sustain found military machine run into against Iranian butt in that location Hoosier State Recent epoch months. Lavrov say Russian United States President Vladimir Vladimir Putin and United States chair Donald outflank would discuss the situation inwards southern Syria, where government force-out be wage a new offensive, At their July 16 summit. atomic number 2 said type A cease-fire inward the part brokered past Russia, Jordan River and the U.S. government ingest foresee the withdrawal method of non-Syrian ram and the deployment of Syrian promenade on the frontier with Israel. ___ 10:45 a.m. Islamic say sensitive sales outlet comprise account that the boy of the group's leader feature be kill fight Syrian government forces. The promulgation of the last of the young Logos of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi seem on the group's societal sensitive write up previous Tuesday. IT include A depict of A Whitney Young boy stockpile a go and identified him as Huthaifa al-Badri. The program line do non specify when atomic number 2 follow killed. It say atomic number 2 make up an elite fighter aircraft WHO be pop while fighting Syrian and Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic scout troop atomic number 85 A power station atomic number 49 the exchange Homs province. Al-Baghdadi have be cover wipe out surgery bruise on A number of occasion but live widely conceive to noneffervescent personify alive. be ingest be drive from intimately totally the territory IT erst control Hoosier State Syrian Arab Republic and Iraq.