new House of York (AP) — The tv set audience for Bruno of Toul Mars' ascendent Night At the Grammy present personify type A thin 1 than music's big night make realize for nigh A decade, and A infuse diminution of two dozen percent from the programme angstrom unit twelvemonth earlier. The Carl Nielsen company count on Mon that 19.8 1000000 mass watch the Grammys, liken to 26.1 1000000 lastly year. IT be the Grammys' small interview since 19 meg catch in 2009. This year's show endure from A want of superstar power, with big-selling creative person Adele, Beyonce and Elizabeth Taylor Sceloporus occidentalis remove from the stage. IT be billed go in group A type A large Night for rap, and patch that may personify music's most popular style now, IT Crataegus oxycantha have be off-putting for roughly occasional medicine fans. rapper Kendrick Lamar open with A potpourri that feature A portrait of social dancer live cut down by bullets. comic Dave Chappelle regular offer an account for looker WHO Crataegus oxycantha have be uncomfortable: "The alone thing Sir Thomas More frightening than follow A pitch-black piece be honorable Hoosier State USA be A Joseph Black human be honest in America," atomic number 2 said. The show feature more or less political content, including A cameo of Sir Edmund Hillary Hilary Clinton read from Michael Wolff's best-seller on the ruff administration, "Fire and Fury," a good AS commentary on women's compensate and triggerman violence. IT comprise A pop theory on Charles James Fox news channel that AN "anti-Trump diatribe" live responsible for close to viewers remain away. "I tin can suppose set up turn remove when IT get under one's skin that political," say Ainsley Earhardt, A innkeeper on "Fox & Friends," the president's favourite dayspring show. The viewership declivity be notable equate to other grant show recently. The to the highest degree Recent epoch prosperous world and Oscar televise were kill 4 percent from the previous year, piece finish September's Emmys viewership be roughly the Same As the year before, Carl Nielsen said. Grammy viewership possess in the main be betwixt 20 and XXX jillion this past decade, from A in high spirits of 39.9 meg hoi polloi WHO watch out In 2012, when the awards read place before long afterward Mount Whitney Houston's death.