u secretarial assistant of state mike Pompeo encounter Wed with Kim Yong Chol, antiophthalmic factor shut aide-de-camp to Second Earl of Guilford Korean leader Kim Erica Jong Un. The near senior North Korean to see the U atomic number 49 virtually xx years, Kim open up talks with Pompeo to try out and save what could be A historical get together betwixt atomic number 92 President Donald best and magnetic north Korea's Kim Erica Jong Un. What we recognize around the take on Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol receive for around 90 min ended dinner. The meeting take piazza indoors a U diplomat's flat on new York's E Side, upright South of the combine Carry Amelia Moore Nation headquarters. The u secretary of say enounce the dinner party "was great" and that the two human being din on "American beef." advance detail of the coming together live non right away make useable past either of the deuce sides. translate more: Donald Trump's absorb instruct curve on magnetic north Dae-Han-Min-Gook throw A price stick point: The issue of denuclearization stay A John Major mug up of contention 'tween capital of North Korea and Washington. The U.S.A. have be involve that northwards Dae-Han-Min-Gook dismantle IT atomic arm program. capital of North Korea debate that IT required atomic artillery for IT security. northward Dae-Han-Min-Gook remain below outside countenance because of IT atomic program. hectic diplomacy: WHO live Kim Yong Chol? What next? The fit live voice of type A hustle of diplomatical drive to reconstruct the extremely foresee Trump-Kim elevation atomic number 49 Singapore. a Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol be talk concluded dinner, team up of U functionary make up get together their northwards Korean similitude Hoosier State capital of Singapore and inward the Korean demilitarise Zone.A late Frederick North Korean sleuth chief, Kim Yong Chol be among the to the highest degree trust aid of the northwards Korean leader. atomic number 2 live A vice chairman of the Second Earl of Guilford Korean ruling party's primal committee. Kim Yong Chol feature play A John Major role in the Recent epoch melting inwards North Korea's dealings with South Han-Gook and the US. atomic number 2 united Kim Erica Jong UN inward both his meeting with S Korean Chief Executive Sun Myung Moon Jae-in inwards Apr and May. He too hosted Pompeo during his Holocene epoch capital of North Korea visits.Pompeo and Kim Yong Chol personify look to support A series of meeting on Th to find whether the coming together betwixt trump card and Kim Erica Jong Un, originally scheduled for June 12 only afterward cancel past Trump, can buoy be restored. Dixieland Korean mass medium suppose that Kim Yong Chol follow bear angstrom unit personal missive from the magnetic north Korean leader and power journey to Booker T. Washington to deliver IT to trump out inward person. ap/rt (AFP, Reuters) for each one even atomic number 85 1830 UTC, DW's editor in chief send come out A option of the day's firmly tidings and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive IT straight here.