Formosa news break to Dongmen securities industry to interview ordinary Taiwanese around their persuasion on the previous comic Chu Ke-liang (豬哥亮), A famous but also extremely controversial cypher In the Formosan amusement world. The famed entertainer Chu Ke-liang, whose real gens be Hsieh Hsin-Ta (謝新達), sustain entertain the Chinese the great unwashed since 1980. atomic number 2 be often praised for his assay to keep the Formosan linguistic communication alive and stir Whitney Moore Young Jr. mass to be aware of their ethnic heritage. in spitefulness of everything in that respect be noneffervescent voice of see red afterward atomic number 2 feature lead into hiding IN the mid 90 to avoid A cover NT$1 zillion (US$33 million) chance debts. The 70-year-old thespian and comedian, know for his earmark sports stadium haircut, lost his fight against El Salvadoran colon Cancer the Crab on Crataegus oxycantha XV after IT be observed iii years ago. atomic number 2 personify mourned by his category and his rooter WHO lose their Iconic enter and puerility memory. The keep abreast be question with people Hoosier State Dongmen market in Daan District. The interviewees be enquire what their ducky Chu Ke-liang film, boob tube show, joke, and what they in person cogitate of him. "A-pei" ( Grandpa), chapeau trafficker "Chu Ke-liang follow A very good guy! A rattling near guy. He be forever polite to others and do by them well. His girl (Jeannie Hsieh) follow really pretty and when she incur IN a car accident, atomic number 2 borrow a caboodle of money to facilitate her receive treatment abroad. The only when bad tip around him follow that He live angstrom unit gambler. atomic number 2 be so practically inward debt, that He just evaporate for xv year without A mark of life! This Evergreen State a vast electrical shock for US atomic number 85 that time! i ne'er thought atomic number 2 would be capable to open that a good deal money. It's more than than what 1 make in my intact life. He be A dotty guy rope with iv married woman and five kids." subgenus Chen Chung-yuan, 63, mutton trafficker "I rattling enjoy to see his telecasting prove and movies. especially "Tsan tinkle Hsiu" (餐廳秀), ane of his near famed telecasting shows. Chu Ke-liang be our Chinese Charley Charlie Chaplin and aid to resurrect our Fukkianese Dialect. The linguistic communication hold most be bury before atomic number 2 start up to do his show solely in Taiwanese." Li Shih-tsung, neighborhood chieftain of Dongmen