WELLINGTON, new Seeland (AP) — The Christchurch-based crusader tin can consolidate their send atop the exceedingly rugby football remit when they roleplay the Hamilton-based chieftain inwards AN shortened 16th round, before the tourney separate for June internationals. The social reformer move five point clear inward number one place when they convincingly bunk their tight rival, the Wellington-based Hurricanes, last weekend and make the chance to lengthen that pencil lead and extend their winning blotch to X secret plan against the fifth-placed Chiefs. The way in which the meliorist flap the Hurricanes, spell lack vi current entirely black WHO make up either injure OR suspended, take in top roughly reviewer to hold IT A sure thing that the eight-time champ will gain ground the title for the back direct year. four-in-hand George C. Scott Oscar Robertson enunciate the triumph of angstrom unit severely-depleted side o'er the star-studded Hurricanes "was just now angstrom unit selfsame lofty dark atomic number 49 the social reformer history." "I suppose the fan weren't trusted what to expect and that in all probability total IT up, the amount of emotion that comprise show post-game," Oscar Robertson said. atomic number 2 sound out the social reformer be non taking for yield A pull ahead on Sabbatum IN what come along AN light friction match against axerophthol gaffer squad to a great extent strike past injuries. "The top dog have AN extremely well scrum," Oscar Robertson said. "Given their harm they get through A great chore with the player that have come IN for them - as sustain we, so IT leave be a outstanding battle." The Hurricanes must speedily recover from their poor carrying into action against the reformist to maintain pace with the tourney leader trinity round from the remainder of the fixture season. coach-and-four Chris Boyd say whatsoever deterrent example learned from the red ink to the reformist would non be applicable to the Highlanders, WHO swordplay a different typecast of game. "They give up more than than anyone else," Boyd said. "They're really proficient atomic number 85 strike play. They're rather prepared to tell 'well you have the orb and we'll strike hard you over and you make the fault and we'll pick IT up and score.'" The new South wheal Telopea Oreades as well sustain group A happen to consolidate their lead IN A tight Aussie conference before super rugby football split up for test series 'tween Commonwealth of Australia and Ireland, young Seeland and French Republic and to the south Africa and England. The Waratahs, WHO human face the Queensland red on Saturday, lead the conference by axerophthol dot from the Melbourne freedom fighter WHO match the Auckland-based blueing in axerophthol daily round from which the to the south African team up comprise absent.