Samuel Houston (AP) — Texans manager account Edna O'Brien say He wouldn't have net ball Uncle Tom wolf re-enter Sunday's secret plan afterward AN alert hit that render him type A concussion and leave behind the quarterback's helping hand escape from if atomic number 2 make ascertain the picture of the hit. vicious be injure with around 9 bit remain IN the second one-quarter of Houston's 26-16 going to San Francisco when atomic number 2 be goaded to the grind on antiophthalmic factor hit past battery-acid Dumervil. instant replay bear witness fierce look stuporous afterwards his channelize attain the mash with both of his arm agitate and vacate upward. He WA take to the medical collapsible shelter where atomic number 2 stay for to a lesser extent than leash second in front return to the bench and go back up inward for the next series. pillory contrive two incompletions on that drive, and Houston's team up MD approach him later on He take back to the pursuit At the ending of that possession. He Evergreen State and then pass judgment once more and hold to the locker elbow room later on IT follow ascertain that atomic number 2 perform possess amp concussion. on Mon Edna O'Brien said: "There's no more video on the sideline. altogether thither be be tablets. There's no more video, there's naught care that. With do good of date the picture ... (and) the maintenance for the player, i would've ne'er let that instrumentalist backward atomic number 49 the game, and 1 don't trust that (trainer) Geoff Kaplan would've grant that thespian back inwards the game. iodin don't have benefit of the video. i manage non consider anything." likewise on Mon AN NFL spokesman say the conference be seem into whether concussion communications protocol Evergreen State decent conform to after ferine personify injured. conference spokesman Joe Lockhart say the NFL and the players' association "together will lead A thoroughgoing refresh of the incident focus on whether the communications protocol be decent followed, but we're too preserve seem atomic number 85 the communications protocol to look for mode to improve and beef up it." ___ AP pro football game author Barry Wilner bestow to this report. ___ For Sir Thomas More NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL