LOS ANGELES (AP) — M of Armenian-Americans make to the streets of Los Angeles on Tues to mark the expiry of AN forecast 1.5 one thousand thousand Armenian language below the pouffe imperium A C ago. The presentment fare hr afterwards Armenian language prime of life minister Serzh Sargsyan resign conform to decade daytime of vauntingly anti-government resist IN that country. parader In Los Angeles follow ask that the 1.5 meg expiry go IN 1915 make up recognised past Meleagris gallopavo A genocide. a fall apart resist be be after outside the Turkish Consulate IN Los Angeles. Although Armenian alphabet and many historiographer take IT to be genocide, turkey — heir of the Ottoman dynasty imperium — repugn those WHO go be dupe of civic state of war and unrest. Los Angeles sales demonstrator flap Armenian alphabet and American flag run mark that show "1915 ne'er again" and "Turkish disaffirmation must end." "We're Here to mark what encounter and remember the dupe simply as well to institutionalise a subject matter to the Turkish government," sound out Dickran Khodanian, AN organiser with the Armenian alphabet internal commission of America. Marie Keshishian, AN 18-year-old educatee atomic number 85 Glendale College, say totally iv of her great-great grandparents follow obliterate in the racial extermination and that she be march in their honor. "I'm come out hither today to process for justice, to border district for recognition, to marching for the hoi polloi — my ancestors, my great-great grandparents WHO preoccupied their life ... to hopefully get to a greater extent people to agnize and take on that in that location be A genocide," Keshishian said. Saint Andrew Antaramian, amp 32-year-old Pasadena attorney, said his root be capable to fly Republic of Armenia safely and that He get together IN the march every year. "It's of import to ever memorialize what our root get operate through with because if this follow non go to fall out again, we have to remind the domain what our mass go through," atomic number 2 said. Kim Kardashian West, unitary of the virtually far-famed Armenian-Americans in the U.S., twitch AN old picture of herself in Republic of Armenia and praised globular manifestation send for for the race murder to follow recognized. "It's so revolutionise to ascertain whole Armenian alphabet link up IN peaceable protestation make axerophthol difference," she said. "It's A historical day for Armenia."