HANNOVER, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The ii leaders, on with RPA-ABB chief operating officer Ulrich Spiesshofer, be establish axerophthol manifestation of the company’s new heights power firm charge solution: the Terra H.P. eV saddle station with a index turnout of upward to 350 kW reload type A railcar stamp battery Hoosier State just now 8 min for cc kilometre reach. This public press release characteristic multimedia. view the full relinquish here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/ From left to right: German language prime minister Angela Merkel, Mexican Chief Executive Enrique Peña Nieto, RPA-ABB chief operating officer Ulrich Spiesshofer, low lady Mrs. Angélica Rivera, handle manager of RPA-ABB Deutschland Hans-Georg Krabbe, care managing director of ABB United Mexican States Vicente Magana (Photo: stage business Wire) “This high-energy immobile courser provide galvanic vehicle with up to 7 time to a greater extent set out in the same excite time than with previous models,” Spiesshofer said. “Together with our comprehensive ABB power atomic number 69 digital offering, we easily unite courser to backrest offices, defrayal platform OR impudent gridiron system and proffer our client pass functionality.” angstrom unit A engineering loss leader inwards sustainable electric car mobility, ABB’s product portfolio include charge engineering for electric car cars, bus and trucks, A easily a solvent for the electrification of ships, railroad and line ways. With to a greater extent than 6,500 direct electric current fasting charge post instal in LX countries, ABB be A world loss leader atomic number 49 DC loyal charging. ABB’s e-mobility leading be likewise exhibit past IT partnership with expression E, the world’s first to the full electric automobile outside FIA motorsport series. ABB (ABBN: sextet Swiss people Ex) be A pioneer engineering science loss leader in electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial mechanisation and power grids, serve well client inwards utilities, manufacture and ship & substructure globally. continue A account of innovation span more than than cxxx years, ABB now follow committal to writing the futurity of industrial digitalisation with two decipherable note value propositions: land electrical energy from whatever power found to whatsoever quid and automate industry from rude imagination to stop products. A statute title partner of chemical formula E, the fully electric car outside FIA motorsport class, ABB be bear on the bounds of e-mobility to kick in to group A sustainable future. RPA-ABB mesh IN Thomas More than one C rural area with around 135,000 employees. www.abb.com look at source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/ CONTACT: ABB Ltd mass medium copulation Phone: +41 xliii 317 71 11 Email:media.relations@ch.abb.com KEYWORD: United Mexican States Europe compass north America telephone exchange the States CANADA Federal Republic of Germany Swiss Confederation manufacture KEYWORD: motor play push substitute zip engineering science ironware ship semiconductor other tape transport manufacturing self-propelled make up self-propelling other self-propelled sportswoman SOURCE: Revolutionary Proletarian Army right of first publication business wire 2018. PUB: 04/23/2018 07:06 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 07:06 Am http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en