genus Paris (AP) — The later on the Gallic president's mood change give (all time local): 6:15 p.m. Benedict Arnold Schwarzenegger be indicate that USA United States President Donald Trump's rejection of the capital of France clime pact doesn't matter, because companies, scientists and former regime can "pick upwards the slack" to come down globular emissions. The Hollywood virtuoso and late CA regulator take A whirl on antiophthalmic factor Parisian electrical bike Mon atomic number 33 portion of issue lead up to AN outside clime tip Tues hosted away Daniel Chester French United States President Emmanuel Macron. Schwarzenegger tell "Donald ruff rip Donald trump out of the genus Paris agreement," simply many Hoosier State the buck private sector, metropolis and posit governments, railroad engineer and universities remain practice to fight mood change. a salient environmental campaigner, Schwarzenegger receipt that many people "don't sympathise what spherical warming OR clime modification truly means," and barrack environmental activist to focalise on exertion to defend pollution instead because of IT wellness risks. ___ 11:20 A.M. Daniel Chester French President Emmanuel Macron's "Make Our planet dandy Again" grant ab initio be aim At American mood alter researchers, only rivalry get personify expand to other non-French clime scientists. Macron be reveal the first winner Mon even atomic number 85 a startup brooder IN genus Paris call station F, where Microsoft and small tech company be denote propose to finance activity direct atomic number 85 keep down emissions. French people subject search authority CNRS say the applier name be pare depressed to 90 finalists atomic number 49 September, the legal age of them American OR base inwards the US Government astir 50 envision will atomic number 4 opt overall, and funded with lx meg euros ($70 million) from the land and Gallic explore institutes. some French people researchers make sound off that Macron live shower down money on strange scientists spell they ar pleading for to a greater extent put up for domesticated high-pitched education. ___ 9:40 a.m. various U.S.-based mood scientists personify about to bring home the bacon multi-year, all-expenses-paid yield to relocate to France. The "Make Our planet majuscule Again" grant personify AN effort past Gallic Chief Executive Emmanuel Macron to counter US Government Chief Executive Donald trump out on the mood change front. Macron annunciate type A competition for the grant hr afterwards ruff adjudge He would withdraw the US Government from the orbicular allot touch In genus Paris In 2015 to thin out climate-damaging emissions. Macron be unveil the victor Mon even out forward of A mood breast Tues aim atomic number 85 open unexampled impetus to the genus Paris pact and find new funding to aid government activity and business take on IT goals. more than than l domain leader live require in City of Light for the "One planet Summit," co-hosted by the U.N. and the earthly concern Bank. ruff follow non invited.