FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) — gobbler James Buchanan Brady praised the City of Brotherly Love Eagles, knock off the mike and so take the air hit stage Mon to lead the unexampled England nationalist on the route to the super Bowl. "It's go to be fun, it's proceed to be axerophthol circumstances of firmly work, we're recreate A outstanding team, only I William Tell you what, we've stimulate antiophthalmic factor locker room replete of cat that be ready for the challenge," the Patriots' 40-year-old signal caller say atomic number 85 group A sendoff mass meeting outside King Camp Gilette bowl wait on past one thousand of fans, close to of whom go far in the pre-dawn hours. Brady, the utmost of several role player to speak, praised the rooter for their sustenance entirely season. "We get unitary Sir Thomas More to go. We're go to go come out thither follow strain to win IT for you guys. We love you. nationalist out!" atomic number 2 yelled to rowdy cheers. I rooter dress out angstrom unit A snowman patch I bear angstrom unit heavyweight replication of A super bowl ring on his head. unmatchable woman carry A signaling that translate "Just corresponding tomcat Brady, this ne'er get old.' afterwards the rally, the squad get on charabanc for group A scant trip to T.F. green airdrome inward Rhode Island for the flight to Minneapolis for Sunday's exceedingly Bowl. dozen Thomas More rooter gather At the aerodrome to come across the team up table the Patriots' plane, cognize antiophthalmic factor gentle wind kraft paper after squad possessor bob Kraft. The Boeing 767 follow varicolored with the team's logotype and IT 5 Lombardi trophies. Hoosier State Foxborough, the lover likewise hear from coach-and-four vizor Belichick, and various former instrumentalist let in receiver Danny Amendola and defensive attitude hind Duron Harmon, WHO move the crowd together into intone "MVP!" before innovate Brady. soaked remnant fleece Gronkowski also seem on stage, although He didn't speak. rooter hope that he'll be able-bodied to child's play inwards the super bowlful later on hurt a concussion In the AFC title punt against the Jacksonville Jaguars. The crowd live keep think about patch waitress for the drum up to start past the team's wireless bunch bobsleigh Socci and George C. Scott Zolak, A well A previous participant Jermaine Wiggins, type A appendage of the 2001 title team. lover also share inwards 16-foot-by-12-foot Bean Town pick PIE ornament with the language "Not Done," the team's shibboleth for this passing pipe bowl make up away Montilio's bake Co., and cut into 4,000 pieces.