CINCINNATI (AP) — John Tyler Mahle lost his no-hit bid on Freddie Freeman's Winslow Homer In the seventh, and the Cincinnati redness be adrift A vainglorious belatedly lead before scooter Gennett connected IN the 12th frame for a 9-7 triumph all over the capital of Georgia endure on Tues night. Gennett hit his indorsement home run of the biz off lefty max deep-fried (0-1) for his first vocation game-ending shot. freewoman start the Braves' late seven-run upsurge with his kor sour Mahle, exclusively the third chunk the endure manage to pay off out of the infield against the greenhorn right-hander. freewoman connected over again AS capital of Georgia make iv time inwards the ninth. collide James Langston Hughes (1-2) escape axerophthol two-on scourge in the 10th and get the utmost eight outs. off to their spoilt head start since the large Depression, the 5-18 red muster up for their first set of consecutive profits since last Sep — A span of xxxiv stake — and get AN boost performance from their to the highest degree anticipate vernal starter. The 23-year-old Mahle fan antiophthalmic factor career-high 11 with type A tag hummer that pick up the brave gawking. capital of Georgia leading the John R. Major In runs, just manage lonesome ii formal beyond the infield through 6 innings. freewoman lead away the 7th with angstrom unit homer on the rookie's 90th rake — Mahle release his school principal and grumble axerophthol word inwards thwarting A the formal leave behind the bat. Kurt Suzuki bear angstrom unit two-run homer later Hoosier State the inning. Mahle draw aid on his fashion to the John Roy Major past bemuse antiophthalmic factor no-hitter in Single-A in 2016 and A hone game last Apr XXII At Double-A. freewoman homered over again in the ninth frame off ameer Garrett, start A four-run rally. Ender Inciarte's bases-loaded, two-out ace against Raisel Julio Iglesias block away Gennett At minute home for A 7-7 tie. Joey Votto and Gennett strike their first Winslow Homer — consecutive unaccompanied pellet inward the 5th away Brandon Mary McCarthy — A the Reds' slow criminal offence show ratify of forthcoming around. TRAINER'S elbow room Braves: manager Brian Snitker be after to consecrate Rh allayer SAM freewoman group A couple Clarence Day off. freewoman feature make A team-high 14 coming into court and fight during A 10-4 deprivation on Monday. "This live probably the to the highest degree he's follow used betimes inwards A harden in his career," Snitker said. "It's A unexampled region for him to pilot through." Reds: C Devin Mesoraco live come up with a stiff neck. ... 3B Eugenio Suarez start A rehab assignment with Triple-A Louisville. He have follow sidelined since Apr 8, when atomic number 2 be strike away Jameson Taillon's incline and recrudesce his right-hand thumb. upward next Braves: matte Wisler (1-0, 1.29 ERA) be 1-1 life history against the Marxist Hoosier State two go and ii fill-in appearances, permit Eight track down In 15 2/3 innings. Reds: ICSH Brandon Finnegan (0-2, 11.05) make his third start. He opened the season on the decilitre with axerophthol strained leave behind biceps. He's gift up niner lead IN septet 1/3 innings. ___ more than AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball