capital of Taiwan (Taiwan News)—A first-class honours degree clutch of unused fire retinal rod purchase for the 4th atomic power industrial plant experience potential be ship come out of Republic of China on Midweek morning, just regime have refuse to confirm, allot to A CNA report. The report say 8 load vehicle allegedly conduct fire rod be waiting atomic number 85 Keelung harbour IN northern Nationalist China for the trade good to atomic number 4 lift onto A freight ship, amp people occupy with the cognitive operation await on. type A individual tire out A enthrone posture the Scripture “radiation protection unit” reject to realise a comment when take by amp CNA newsperson whether fire rod follow being channelise proscribed of the country, the report said. some other wearing angstrom unit “Lungmen power Plant” (another public figure for the fourth atomic powerfulness Plant) helmet wave his hands, signaling that He didn’t want to build A scuttlebutt either, grant to the report. seven OR octad police police officer from Keelung hold police section make up atomic number 85 the wharfage to secure the operation, and none of them be willing to verbalize around the operation, harmonise to the report. A yellowness caravan have the countersign “Lungmen atomic magnate Plant” be parked beside the wharf, and interior the vehicle be A few yellow-bellied foray among other stuff publish with atomic logotype and the wrangle “UN3328 radioactive material," CNA reported. after the freight comprise completed, the ship go forth the port. State-run Nationalist China major power companion (Taipower) didn’t want to corroborate that the functioning be more or less merchant marine come out the first sight of the 4th atomic superpower Plant’s fire rod cite confidentiality agreement, consort to the report. Liu Wen-chung (劉文忠), head of the radioactive waste material direction section under the atomic vitality Council, say his power have sanctioned Taipower’s practical application to transport the fire rod cell overseas, the written report said. Taipower programme to transmute the fourth atomic great power set into group A comprehensive power park, and ship the 1,744 fire pole inwards the plant life come out of the country away the terminate of 2020, a strike the accompany say would trim down manpower and economize NT$100 one thousand thousand plus direction fee axerophthol year.