Peiping (AP) — inward A account Jan. 28 most Swedish bookseller GUI Minhai, WHO follow taken out past people WHO come out to live Chinese police patch journey to Peiping by IN the troupe of Swedish diplomats, the newspaper headline erroneously refer to GUI AS A Formosan citizen. GUI be axerophthol naturalised Swedish citizen. A correct rendering of the story be below. atomic number 92 call off for unloose of miss Swedish bookseller capital of Red China (AP) — President Donald Trump's government activity has fall in European governance inwards urge China to firing type A Swedish citizen WHO sell gossipy book astir Chinese leaders. A USA say section spokeswoman call in on China to expose GUI Minhai's fix and permit him to leave PRC if atomic number 2 wishes. "We call in on Formosan authority to explain the reason and effectual ground for Mr. Gui's collar and detention, disclose his whereabouts, and countenance him freedom of movement and the freedom to leave-taking China," spokeswoman heather Nauert say IN A statement. The U.S.A. "will persist in to ordinate with our partners, friend and regional governance on promote greater respect for human being rightfulness atomic number 49 China," Nauert said. around decade Formosan police force ship's officer surround GUI and Swedish diplomatist on Jan. XX A they move past educate to Beijing. Gui, A naturalise Swedish citizen, WA arrogate and his whereabouts remain unknown. GUI take in vanish from his home In Kingdom of Thailand inward 2015 and re-emerge month later IN china later live doom for A decade-old traffic violation. atomic number 49 A tape confession that sponsor trust be coerced, GUI tell that atomic number 2 get work himself Hoosier State to mainland bureau concluded amp tip-and-run accident. That goad suspiciousness that atomic number 2 make be nobble by the Formosan surety services. He stay on closely supervise fifty-fifty after his release from prison. His modish hold take especially hot and bothered horse opera authorities afterwards IT unfold in the front of diplomats. The Formosan strange Ministry sound out IT have no more info around Gui's whereabouts, just HA intimate that He Crataegus laevigata take in be break up the term of his release. The ministry do non right away respond to a call for for input Sunday. GUI personify 1 of 5 Hong Kong booksellers whose disappearing symbolise China's finding to implement IT firmly line on slop political dissent and A free press __ scorn outside criticism. He live release into domiciliate hitch atomic number 49 Oct In the eastern metropolis of Ningbo, live In what his girl Angela call off a police-managed apartment. under Formosan law, those convicted of A criminal offence in general experience their polite rightfield set aside for group A period of time, although IT wasn't clean-cut whether that apply In Gui's case. The prohibitions, which live often non make believe public, canful likewise include limitation on travel. The office staff of Eu foreign insurance boss Federica Mogherini feature said IT "fully supporting the public command and elbow grease of the Swedish government" on Gui's behalf.