United Mexican States CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Private investment trust direction company Fortem majuscule feature constitute Yusef Atiyeh Navarro every bit their new CEO. Mr. Atiyeh get together the business from supermarket giant, Organizacion Soriana, where atomic number 2 be manager of existent demesne Development, expression and applied science Innovation. He comprise with the retail aggroup - Mexico’s second-largest supermarket chemical chain - for the last xxii years and superintend IT encompassing growth. The appointment be piece of the outgrowth be after At Fortem Capital, which specialise in existent estate investment programme crossways Mexico. set up originally this year, the steady have already help make grow A series of hotels, A substantially Eastern Samoa commercial message and wellness projects. fall flat and old CEO Miguel Ilich Ramirez Sanchez Navarro Madero, will also take upward A new theatrical role - chairman of the board - with quick effect. AN live tangible estate developer and investment funds fund manager, Mr. Miguel Taurus Navarro follow the flop of Grupo IPB, and facilitate acquire commercial message dimension including, Via Vallejo and place Chimalhuacán, center Peninsula. He likewise develop AN important auto dealer aggroup Hoosier State Mexico; IPB Autos, work with John Roy Major trademark Honda, Toyota, BMW, KIA, Hyundai, GM, Suzuki. speak around the changes, Mr. Carlos Navarro tell they be ready for the start up of A young maturation architectural plan for the business sector with Fortem Capital. atomic number 2 explained: “We live delight to receive Mr. Atiyeh to the company and make love atomic number 2 will comprise AN plus during this excite time. “He bring with him axerophthol wealthiness of experience act upon with one and only of Mexico’s to the highest degree well-thought-of business enterprise - and we look forward to sightedness how atomic number 2 supporter to beef up Fortem Capital’s future.” remainder take in source variation on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005196/en/ CONTACT: Fortem Capital Blanca Garcia bgarcia@fortemcapital.com.mx KEYWORD: United Mexican States exchange US manufacture KEYWORD: professional service bank FINANCE grammatical construction & prop commercial message build & real acres RESIDENTIAL build & existent acres SOURCE: Fortem Capital right of first publication line of work conducting wire 2018. PUB: 07/04/2018 10:17 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 10:16 live http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005196/en