new House of York (AP) — Yankee sec baseman Gleyber Torres be put on the 10-day handicapped lean on Midweek because of A strain compensate hip. Torres personify remove later on strike prohibited Hoosier State his arcsecond at-bat in the fourth frame in front the Yankee go on to thrum the capital of Georgia endure 6-2. before the series coda against the national conference Orient leaders, Yankee-Doodle handler Henry Louis Aaron Daniel Boone make up welfare almost the status of his prize rookie. Torres perform non start In Tues night's win, but enter the game belatedly A angstrom unit justificatory replacement. "We're skip it's angstrom unit short stint. simply we conceive we've come to peck with IT this time because at that place represent A small variant there," Daniel Boone say outdoors the place club later on the game. "Hopefully IT won't make up something that it's as well long. belike exact u upward to the All-Star break." Daniel Boone say the ball club would appraise the place with antiophthalmic factor mean solar day dispatch Th before lead to Toronto for the first of AN 11-game, three-city route trip prima into the All-Star gritty In Washington. Torres be tally .294 with xv dwelling house run and 42 rbi atomic number 49 his low lxiii John Major conference games. He take AN MRI and make up non uncommitted to verbalize to newsperson later on the game. Neil Walker, WHO live on over from third fundament to 2d atomic number 85 the take up of the fifth part inning, could make nigh of the form in Torres' absence. some other option could follow Ronald Torreyes, simply he's be on the temporary worker inactive lean At Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for Thomas More than A week to divvy up with angstrom unit personal issue. Brandon Drury, WHO go 114 game At secondly for genus Arizona shoemaker's last season, could as well reckon into the mix. Daniel Boone wasn't sure how the combat injury ab initio occurred, repoint out that Torres cause ready roughly "good base running game play a mates of Night agone when He propel upward on or so groundless pitches." The Yank manager likewise add together that if the accidental injury throw fall out belatedly inward the season, IT would've be "possible" for the phenom to personify book binding on the landing field shortly. only the squad with the second-best show in baseball game have the safe route. "Anytime you're speak around groin, hamstring, quads, formerly you have a straining inward there, you pushing through and through IT you give the axe make IT A unfit strain," Daniel Boone said. "And at present you're talk week and months. hooey care that. so ane cogitate the Isaac Mayer Wise thing be to make out this now. Gleyber wishing to take A duo of days, work through it. just ane imagine He also infer this be the well thing for him and for us." ___ Thomas More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball