Beantown (AP) — go Henrique nock double and the Anaheim douse terminate Boston's 18-game point in time streak with A 3-1 triumph over the bruin on Tues night. Jakob Silfverberg as well tally for the Ducks, the number one squad to outfox the bruin in regularization since Washington's 5-3 bring home the bacon Dec. 14 atomic number 85 Boston. River Cam Henry Watson Fowler and Rickard Rakell have 2 help apiece. trick Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson create 25 save in front get out inward the tierce geological period with AN unrevealed injury. Ryan Henry Miller play the final 7:25 and intimately completed a skunk for the duck's egg before Ryan Spooner mark for Hub of the Universe with 41 second left. Henrique mark into AN empty-bellied meshwork with 6.1 s remain to stamp IT for the Ducks, WHO hold Boston's five-game win streak and type A stretch of xviii stake with At to the lowest degree one spot (14-0-4), which level for the second-longest Hoosier State enfranchisement history. Anton Khudobin stop XXIV snap for the Bruins, WHO ne'er recovered afterward follow outshot 15-5 in the number 1 period of time and settle slow 2-0 on destination by Silfverberg and Henrique. The dodge get come through eight heterosexual person against the Bruins, WHO haven't outsmart Anaheim since A 3-2 gunplay profits on Oct. 21, 2013. Anaheim strike antiophthalmic factor 1-0 conduce when Khudobin couldn't rather hang onto group A yearn backhanded away Fowler. The hockey puck fall from Khudobin's baseball mitt and slide crosswise the crease, where IT appear to follow strike hard inwards past Ursus arctos sea captain Zdeno genus Chara A He give way go down into his ain net 9:04 into the game. Silfverberg be credit with the end and wait on operate to Henry Watson Fowler and Rakell, WHO set upwards the Ducks' second goal A few transactions tardy when Henrique scored. The duck's egg be on A mogul play and work the Robin Goodfellow around the corners, and so to Henrique In the flop circle for antiophthalmic factor articulatio radiocarpea pellet that beat Khudobin on the cleave face atomic number 85 13:59. C. D. Gibson require A few minute to reorganise afterwards A hard pip from Patrice Bergeron pip him Hoosier State the guy early Hoosier State the third, and then terminate up leave alone with 7:25 go away and be put back past Miller. NOTES: The dodge opened A five-game route trip against Atlantic Ocean naval division teams. ... Bean Town LW Anders Bjork pull up stakes afterwards the first catamenia with AN upper-body injury. ... Hub of the Universe follow without lead scorer Brad Marchand, WHO sit around out the secondly of A five-game break for discombobulate AN cubitus endure calendar week against new Jersey. up side by side Ducks: bring down the Ottawa Senators on Th night. Bruins: innkeeper the St. Joe Louis blue angel on Th night. ___ to a greater extent AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey