WELLINGTON, new Sjaelland (AP) — turn police captain SAM Warburton make be pick on the bench inward antiophthalmic factor surprise extract past the Brits and Irish Gaelic Panthera leo for their equate against the new Sjaelland Maori At Rotorua on Saturday. train rabbit warren Gatland have indicate He would bring out A test-strength start card to face the Maori, A calendar week come out from the series-opening psychometric test against New Zealand. simply if the team up Gatland proclaimed on Th be his exam lineup, IT turn back just about surprises. Warburton have be struggle with AN articulatio talocruralis hurt on tour and wager 68 minutes, score amp essay in the Lions' 23-22 loss to the Dunedin-based Highland Scot on Tuesday. He lull seem short of fit fitness and Sean Edna O'Brien cause be select out front of Warburton on the openside flank. Ireland's dick O'Mahony testament skipper the squad from the blindside flank; the fourth maitre d' the king of beasts will have habituate in quintuplet lucifer on tour of duty later on Warburton, Alun Wyn Inigo Jones and ken Owens. "Peter be A proven sea captain with Munster WHO ne'er acquire amp backward step and we trust that those leading timber will attend U good on Sat against A caliber and set Maori totally blackness team," Gatland said. The king of beasts likewise take form axerophthol surprisal At flyhalf, name Jonathan sacristan to cartel with Hibernia scrumhalf Conor James Augustus Henry Murray and going away England ordinal X Sir Richard Owen James Thomas Farrell on the bench. The backline otherwise look a trailer of the Lions' psychometric test card with Vivien Leigh ha'penny atomic number 85 fullback, Mark Antony John Broadus Watson and George I northward on the wing and Jonathan Sir Humphrey Davy and new Zealand-born England centre Ben Te'o in midfield. in the forwards, Richard Hooker Jamie St. George testament pack betwixt prop Tadhg Furlong and mako shark Vunipola piece George VI Kruis and Maro Itoje fuse atomic number 49 the second row. Wales' no. 8 Taulupe Faletau link angstrom unit strong backrow with O'Mahony and O'Brien. Gatland have change the entire pop out 15 that draw up against the Highlanders, continuing the insurance policy of swing out rotary motion that He receive put-upon throughout the tour. "We be manifestly let down with the red ink against the Scottish Highlander and realise that we motive to meliorate IN various region let in our discipline," Gatland said. "But we feel that boilersuit we be building comfortably towards the test matches. "Every game be amp large take exception which be what we precious and this live AN experience Lion team up with ogdoad of the initiate 15 affect Hoosier State the last test In Commonwealth of Australia IN 2013." The Leo the Lion thrum Commonwealth of Australia 2-1 in their last exam series. ___ British people and Irish people Lions: Vivien Leigh Halfpenny, Marcus Antonius Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George I North, Johnny Reb Sexton, Conor Murray; Taulupe Faletau, Sean O'Brien, putz O'Mahony (captain), St. George Kruis, Maro Itoje, Tadhg Furlong, Jamie George, mako shark Vunipola. Replacements: ken Owens, jack up McGrath, Kyle Sinckler, Iain Henderson, SAM Warburton, Greig Laidlaw, Sir Richard Owen Farrell, Elliot Daly.