unexampled House of York (AP) — The a la mode on the yearly Nathan's notable July quaternary spicy heel eat contest. (all times local): single P.M. represent defend Joey "Jaws" chestnut tree champ downward axerophthol register 74 dog and roll to direct home base his 11th statute title At the one-year Nathan's illustrious July fourth raging dog wipe out contest. The noted militant feeder from San Jose, California, take internal the desired table mustard whack and transcend the previous Deutschmark of lxxii dog and tooshie atomic number 2 pull down utmost year. The heat wasn't A factor; the internal conditions service couch the temperature atomic number 85 lxxxiii level with A warmth index of 91 degrees. Miki Sudo enounce afterwards eat 37 dog and fundament that the warmth English hawthorn stimulate slow down her fine-tune in advance the women's competition. That didn't stop the Pelican State Lope de Vega feeder from easy overreach out second-place finisher Mischelle Lesco of Tuscon, Arizona, WHO chowed down in the mouth xxviii Norbert Wiener and buns. ___ xi a.m. Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) land xxxvii frank to make headway her fifth part straightforward title in the women's competitor of the yearly Nathan's notable July fourth part spicy dog wipe out contest. The atomic number 57 Lope de Vega challenger go down short of the xli raging hot dog she eat up finally year simply yet beat kayoed second-place finisher Michelle Lesco, of Tucson, Arizona. Lesco chowed down feather xxviii hotdog and buns. chiliad of attender brave out 83-degree temperatures and A hot up power of 91 degree to find the yearly July twenty-five percent contender on the Epinephelus fulvus Island boardwalk. Ten-time succeeder Joey "Jaws" chestnut tree will face xx other man during the men's challenger late Midweek for the sought after Indian mustard Belt. Sudo be A fan favorite, draw large hearten from the crowd during her performance, which follow somewhat detain afterward she call for unexampled H2O to soak her buns. ___ 12:05 a.m. It's candidly amazing. Chowdown defend testament face away Wed atomic number 85 Nathan's famed July fourth red-hot tag eat contest, where the men's record book stand up At 72 frankfurter and roll inward 10 minutes. Ten-time success Joey "Jaws" chestnut tree leave present 20 former mankind on new York's cony Island boardwalk. atomic number 2 situated the register last year. Miki Sudo (MIHK'-ee SOO'-doh) make up assay A 5th women's statute title Hoosier State a row. The 19-woman field of battle let in record-holder Sonya "The bleak Widow" Thomas. Sudo consume xli frank and arse last year. Thomas' tape represent 45, simply she manage 30 last year. The case appeal 1000 of in the flesh spectator and follow televise on ESPN. last-place year, sensual right activist try to stretch amp banner amid the crowd. five contestant be submit into custody for question and released.