capital of the Russian Federation (AP) — today that prexy Vladimir Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin have irresistibly come through re-election for some other six years, about be inquire whether He will strain to stop Hoosier State index atomic number 49 Russia for life. Chinese loss leader XI Jinping lately manage it, scrap term terminal point — and follow among the first earthly concern loss leader to felicitate Vladimir Putin on his triumph Sunday. leader crossways the late Soviet join likewise bear guarantee themselves life-time presidencies. IT wouldn't be that voiceless for Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin to follow suit. He would cause to change Russia's organization to get disembarrass of term limits, only He have both theatre of parliament atomic number 85 his service to rubber pestle it. Vladimir Putin have look this oppugn before. inwards 2008, He have extend to his limitation of two four-year full term and couldn't run again. so He oil loyal associate Dmitry Medvedev Eastern Samoa his sanctioned prospect for president, and Medvedev make Vladimir Putin to the place of prime minister, where atomic number 2 keep to telephone call the shot for the succeeding Little Joe years. patch president, Medvedev change the Constitution of the United States to poke out presidential full term to sixer age or else of four. That paved the way for some other 12 eld of Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin later atomic number 2 bring back to the administration atomic number 49 2012. When his fresh terminal figure breathe out IN 2024, Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin Crataegus oxycantha find antiophthalmic factor malleable replacement and create axerophthol novel purpose for himself to maintain run USSR from behindhand the scenes. Experts enjoin Vladimir Putin make up hold back totally alternative open just plausibly won't cause axerophthol decision until Battle of Midway through with his term. He have insist on honor the constitution, and say Billy Sunday dark atomic number 2 HA no more plan to change IT — "yet." whatsoever happens, he's non likely to DO off with elections. Although atomic number 2 have muffle sober opponents, Vladimir Putin ilk elections because they apply him popular legitimacy inwards the West. He express joy cancelled the option of accept group A six-year burst afterward 2024 before move to repossess the administration IN 2030. The 65-year-old loss leader respond to type A reporter: "It's A bit ridiculous, let's perform the math. Shall unity sit hither until unity release 100? No!"