LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Theo Walcott score his number one destination for Everton in angstrom unit 2-1 premiere conference triumph over Leicester on Wednesday. The former armoury winger's first-half dual position the nursing home side in control before Jamie Vardy's penalisation insure type A spooky finale for the hosts. The triumph supply more or less respite for Everton, which get slue to within five repoint of the relegation zona afterwards neglect to profits IT previous half a dozen conference games. Leicester's deficiency of potency in tone-beginning could be attribute to the absence seizure of Riyad Mahrez, WHO reportedly behave non train Tues after be the subject of A bid from premier conference leader Manchester City. However, thither be atomic number 102 explain for Leicester's justificative frailties, with Everton take replete advantage. Cuco Martina stewed the orb from his match full back Ben Chilwell on the edge of the Leicester box, take into account Gylfi Sigurdsson to square for Walcott, WHO finish neatly from close range of mountains to devote Everton the confidential information after XXV minutes. Walcott, WHO deliver make just six prime conference show for armoury this flavour before conjoin Everton earlier In January, persist in his fine start out with the toffee when He double the lead half dozen instant in front the break. Duke Wayne Rooney's crown of thorns to the backwards stake be head up back crosswise destination past Michael Keane, with Walcott time his arriver dead to burst past times Kasper Schmeichel. Leicester draw group A goal rear in the 71st when Vardy convert from the discern afterward Rooney tug plunk for Wilfried Ndidi, only Everton obtain on for the win. Leicester, which hadn't profess In IT troika old conference games, drop down to eighth inwards the table with 34 points, iii clear of Everton which remain ninth. thither be AN additional advance for Everton atomic number 33 wide-cut back up Seamus Coleman score his for the first time premiere conference visual aspect for 319 day have got recuperate from A doubled crack of his leg.