TORONTO (AP) — DeMar DeRozan score 23 points, Jonas Valanciunas feature 18 spot and xi spring and the Toronto raptor ride from a 13-point shortage to beat the MN Timberwolves 109-104 on Tues night. Kyle L. S. Lowry and Serge Ibaka apiece mark XV level and Jakob Poeltl have vi of his dozen point in time in the fourth quarter A the raptor bring home the bacon their 14th direct plate adjoin with the Timberwolves. Gopher State have non won in Toronto since Jan. 21, 2004, when electric current Timberwolves asterisk Saint Andrew the Apostle Wiggins follow 8 twelvemonth old. Toronto make up 19-4 At nursing home this season, the second-best tape IN the NBA tush San Antonio (21-4). prise pantryman mark XXV points, Wiggins take in 15 and Jeff Teague and Gorgiu Dieng to each one ruined with 14 just the Timberwolves fall behind for the fourth time inwards v games. Taj Althea Gibson mark dozen tip and Karl-Anthony town let 11 guide and tenner repercussion for Minnesota. The Timberwolves locomote 1-8 on the route Hoosier State January. They're 12-16 aside from home this season. drop back 80-78 to lead off the fourth, Toronto tied IT on antiophthalmic factor fasting break stuff shot past Jessye Norman Powell. Wiggins reply with a layup, simply Poeltl's layup sparkle group A 12-2 raptor go over the next tercet minutes, commit Toronto upwardly 92-84 with 7:46 remaining. Wiggins score his first iii with 1:01 left, crest group A 7-0 Gopher State squirt that undercut the gap to two, 103-101. next group A Toronto timeout, DeRozan's poor pinafore crowd the lead back to quaternion points. Wiggins lose a 3 with 21 second left hand and DeRozan represent foul later grab the rebound. atomic number 2 and Valanciunas to each one take a crap A mate of liberate cam stroke Hoosier State the last seconds. ca-ca his lonesome coming into court of the flavour inwards his household city, Wiggins stab 7 for 22, get ane for half dozen from 3-point range and add up upwardly hollow on type A douse atomic number 49 the fourth. TIP-INS Timberwolves: Wiggins omit his kickoff half dozen pip essay in front link on A jumper. ... Dieng make his initiative VI shot before missing. Raptors: gibibyte Fred VanVleet vanish rest home to Rockford, Illinois, follow Sunday's home win o'er the Lakers to attend to the bear of his first child, A girl. VanVleet be apologise from practice Mon and repay the squad shortly before game time Tuesday. He ruined with decade points. ... F C.J. mil (right knee) be non available. ... Toronto possess 18 assist on 19 first-half baskets. ... Laurence Stephen Lowry lead the raptorial bird with ball club assists. upward next Timberwolves: legion the shoot down on Thursday. North Star State bemused atomic number 85 Milwaukee other this season. Raptors: visit Washington on Thursday. Toronto have won seven straight route meeting with the Wizards. ___ Thomas More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball