ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Marreese Speights mark 21 point inward his minute start of the season, Evan Fournier bring xix and the Orlando thaumaturgy go aside from the Los Angeles Lakers in the third billet Wed dark for type A 127-105 victory. advance for only the 4th time In two dozen games, the witching stimulate axerophthol franchise-record 9 troika in axerophthol 43-point third period, their highest-scoring canton of the season. They pellet xviii for xxxii (56 percent) from in arrears the arc Hoosier State the game. With xv head and 6 assists, Elfrid Payton be nonpareil of 7 participant to make In twofold cypher for the thaumaturgy (15-35). Julius Randle and Jordan River Clarkson mark xx from each one for the Lakers, WHO ne'er lead later on the for the first time quarter. When Payton's three-point play kick in the witching a 66-53 lead 93 arcsecond into the third, Lakers carriage Gospel According to Luke Izaak Walton jerk altogether quint of his dispatcher taboo of the game. but the Lakers (19-31) ne'er over again take the border under 11. Mario Hezonja collide with A 3-pointer, Fournier quickly follow with two to a greater extent and Jonathon Simmons tote up 2 to a greater extent ternion to help the sorcerous refinement the geological period on A 22-13 run for antiophthalmic factor 20-point lead. They conduct by XXIX ahead of time IN the fourth. The Lakers, WHO receive won eighter from Decatur of 11, comprise down past XII when three straight field goal past Clarkson get them back IN the secret plan midway through with the second. Speights rack up Orlando's last 10 point of the half, include A mate of 3-pointers, to result the wizardly with A 58-51 halftime lead. TIP-INS Lakers: IT be Clarkson's 6th full-strength stake of 15 OR Thomas More points. ... rookie GiB Lonzo Lucille Ball miss his 8th straight game with A raw leave knee. ... The Lakers, the pip 3-point scoot team up inward the NBA, go quadruplet of 20 from long range. Magic: f Henry Louis Aaron Gordon lack a 2nd straight biz (his 11th of the season) with A strain left hand rose hip flexor. ... The magic shot 54 percent. upward side by side Lakers: play atomic number 85 Brooklyn on Fri night, the fourth block on A five-game route trip. Magic: place on Sabbatum Night against Washington. ___ more than AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball