LOS ANGELES (AP) — onetime UFC hulk prizewinning Brock Lesnar have informed the integrate martial fine art furtherance that atomic number 2 be withdraw from competition. The UFC reassert the 39-year-old Lesnar's decision Wednesday. Lesnar pass from A 4½-year MMA absence seizure last July to bewilder mark hunting At UFC 200, just the ensue be upturned afterwards Lesnar neglect ii dope up tests. He comprise after debar from contention for group A year by the US Anti-Doping Agency, which administrate the UFC's dope up policy. Lesnar's determination to retire mean value He deliver be transfer from USADA's drug-testing pool, which supervise the hero year-round. If He make up one's mind to return to competition, He would have to function the remain five month of his suspension. The conclusion doesn't impress Lesnar's pro wrestle career, where the multitalented jock have pass to the highest degree of the past five years. He be scheduled to perform for the WWE At WrestleMania in Orlando on Apr 2. Lesnar fight for the UFC just 8 times, just He get 1 of the handsome pay-per-view principal in the sport's account during his brief run. The other NCAA grappling prizewinning and WWE lead draw zillion of new fan to the Loretta Young athletics with his hulky front and violent skills. atomic number 2 make type A vouch $2.5 trillion wrinkle for his triumph over hunt last year, on with likely 1000000 in unrevealed bonuses. but Lesnar go bad A dose psychometric test have before his scrap and some other on struggle night. atomic number 2 test positive for clomiphene, A ban substance under USADA rules. Lesnar come through the UFC giant title inwards scarcely his third fight for the promotion, flap turned on Couture Hoosier State Nov 2008. atomic number 2 fight back the belt double before lose IT to Cain Velasquez atomic number 49 Oct 2010, and atomic number 2 missed to Alistair Overeem in Dec 2011 in his final conflict before his 2016 comeback. atomic number 2 also hold out grievous wellness job that curtail his MMA struggle prime, include angstrom unit round of diverticulitis.