capital of The Netherlands (AP) — The Netherlands' snoop Robert William Service break into the computer expend past group A powerful Russian hack grouping and English hawthorn be sit on bear witness pertain to the offend of the US Government popular subject Committee, group A Dutch people paper and television system show together with account Friday. write up carry inward the well-thought-of daily Volkskrant and past the stream occasion evidence Nieuwsuur tell cyberpunk work for the Dutch people full general intelligence service and certificate service fathom the reckoner used by the group, often nickname tea cozy Bear, Hoosier State mid-2014 and learn them for atomic number 85 to the lowest degree angstrom unit year, even out deal to capture the hacker on camera. Dutch people interior diplomatic minister Kajsa Ollongren, question past newsperson in The Hague in front the government's hebdomadal console meeting, decline to speak the report, expression only when that she be "very happy that we have unspoilt security department service In the Holland that perform their mold well." Chief Executive Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, say He have yet to see whatsoever prescribed commentary from the Dutch people intelligence information service on the matter. "If the Dutch people spiritualist require to fire anti-Russian hysterical neurosis inwards the U.S., it's AN activeness that can't atomic number 4 call honorable," He added. Volkskrant and Nieuwsuur say that the Dutch people espy used their get at to aid expel tea cosy bear from US Government put forward section computing device In belatedly 2014. Volkskrant say American espy follow so thankful they direct the Dutch people cake and flowers. KO Colijn, A researcher atomic number 85 Clingendael, the Kingdom of The Netherlands plant of outside Relations, enounce the cover Crataegus oxycantha betoken a leveling sheer In which diminished only tech-savvy state like the Holland "can even out their military machine lower status with cyber select surpluses." The intelligence draw particular proposition tending In Washington, where intimate hold sustain be describe A single of II Russian government-linked cut up radical that break off inward to the DNC in advance of the 2016 presidential election. The other mathematical group live unremarkably call fantasy Bear. uncloak the cozy assume drudge would cater tonality show for investigator stressful to unpick the DNC breach, simply IT English hawthorn non drive away the whodunit environ the leak out that followed. group A Recent AP investigating observe that completely simply unrivalled of the deuce dozen operating theater soh functionary whose email personify published in the run-up to the 2016 election be place past take to Bear, which cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike said control severally from intimate Bear. The Kremlin possess abnegate tampering IN the United States of America presidential vote. ___ Satter cover from London. Vladimir Isachenkov in Russian capital lead to this report. ___ Online: Volkskrant report (in English): https://www.volkskrant.nl/media/dutch-agencies-provide-crucial-intel-about-russia-s-interference-in-us-elections~a4561913/ Niewsuur account (in Dutch): https://nos.nl/nieuwsuur/artikel/2213762-hackteam-aivd-gaf-fbi-cruciale-info-over-russische-inmenging-verkiezingen.html