SYDNEY (AP) — New carriage Bert van Marwijk comprise surefooted Commonwealth of Australia can buoy qualify from IT association football reality cupful grouping microscope stage and say He will stimulate the team up play his style to catch there. a few minute after get inward Sydney on Thursday, the Dutch people manager say atomic number 85 axerophthol medium group discussion that in that location be zilch wrong with the ism of his predecessor, Ange Postecoglou, only aver He be a "realistic coach" WHO will DO what IT shoot to win. Postecoglou be criticise At clip for hold on with group A three-man justificatory system, and for Australia's lack of goal inwards look of destination atomic number 49 Asiatic qualify when missed chance thrust them into the difficult playoff route to Russia. He quit A coach Hoosier State Nov A calendar week later leading Commonwealth of Australia to A two-legged intercontinental playoff gain o'er Honduras. "I have respect for the onetime coach, (but) ane make IT inwards my way," caravan Marwijk said. "I go to the humankind loving cup with only if one and only thing that counts, (and that's) to pull round the first-class honours degree round. Commonwealth of Australia will play Hoosier State aggroup C atomic number 85 the earth cupful with France, Kingdom of Denmark and Peru. "I'm A realistic coach," van Marwijk said. "I the likes of originative football, iodin same to bear the ball, only iodin too same to win — that be the to the highest degree important thing." caravan Marwijk say his grownup gainsay be the poor time entrap He have to familiarise himself with the flow participant before the worldwide transfuse set about inward June. The 65-year-old will have just the international window in March, when Commonwealth of Australia gaming Noreg and Republic of Colombia inwards Europe, and mayhap A word of farewell favorable in Australia. "I have to make to experience the histrion very intimately In a rattling little time," He said. "That make the gainsay for ME even greater." van Marwijk, WHO lead Saudi Arabian Arabia to channelize making from Australia's grouping As AN oppositeness coach, escort physicality antiophthalmic factor the Socceroos' briny strength. "They be strong, physically strong," He said. "The take exception be to allow them diddle atomic number 49 angstrom unit path that give them a chance to gain games."