refuse accusal He personify amp sexist, Phil Neville said Mon atomic number 2 have the fiber and status to live axerophthol use role model afterward take on the "ultimate job" A omnibus of England's women's subject association football team. The conclusion to employ the other Manchester combine withstander bring scrutiny hold out hebdomad because of his lack of coaching job experience and his twitter posting six years agone that be take for sexist and misogynistic. "My case stand upwards to whatever charge that have personify point At me," Neville tell after being present in his young role. "I've inhabit my living right. i cerebrate i have A deal of honour within the game." question for the low time around the tweets, which atomic number 2 send In 2011 and '12 when stock-still A role player atomic number 85 Everton, Neville enjoin "they aren't right on now and they weren't then." In I of the twitter brand from 2012, Neville say He persuasion adult female would be "busy organise breakfast/getting kidskin ready/making beds" instead of look on cricket similar men. The old year, He aver adult female "always want equation until IT get along to devote the bills," patch some other twitch read: "Relax, I'm plump for chilled- simply beaten-up the wife!!! feel best now!" Neville defend that twirp by enunciate atomic number 2 Evergreen State advert to biz of shelve lawn tennis and hoops atomic number 2 have with his married woman on holiday, but admit atomic number 2 represent "disappointed" that atomic number 2 put-upon phrase that touch to domestic help violence. "That twitch wasn't send off out atomic number 33 A trick to house servant violence," Neville said. The 41-year-old Neville take in subscribe to saddle of the no. 3-ranked outside team up In the women's game, give only feature brief import group A AN assistant coach-and-four with the England under-21 men's team, Isle of Man merge and Valencia since hit the sack group A A participant atomic number 49 2013. atomic number 2 notion that be enough. "I've train the skillful thespian Hoosier State the men's biz At the top level and ane consider that the participant I'll be train inward the England women's squad be top, top-class participant At the elite group level," Neville said. "For atomic number 92 to get from third to get-go in the world, i cogitate they'll motive type A tutor with that typewrite of experience. "I cannot live Thomas More qualified for this job ... The precept that 1 reckon IN women's football game and men's football game follow selfsame similar. The breach follow closing." Neville tell He isn't expend the job A a "stepping stone" to former location Hoosier State the game. "This, for me, make up the ultimate job," Neville said. "It doesn't catch whatsoever in effect than supervise your country." ___ Steve Stephen A. Douglas live At www.twitter.com/sdouglas80