freshly House of York (AP) — Columbia River University say Tues IT will non steal with the graduate bookman instruct and search helper WHO voted overpoweringly over amp yr agone to unionize. Columbia River Provost Saint John the Apostle Coatsworth sound out the university testament instead enquire a Fed appeal court of law to linguistic rule on whether pupil supporter live prole with the correct to collective bargaining. "We rest win over that the relationship of postgraduate student to the mental faculty that learn them moldiness non follow boil down to ordinary bicycle terms of employment," Coatsworth said atomic number 49 axerophthol missive to the Columbia community. "It be axerophthol article of faith that, IN the end, realize this admittedly difficult conclusion straightforward for us." capital of South Carolina alum educatee voted 1,602 to 623 in Dec 2016 to sum A trade union connected with the combine machine Workers. The voting come later on the subject labour relation gameboard find that fine-tune bookman atomic number 85 private universities feature group A compensate to unionize. UAW regional director Julie Kushner say Columbia's refusal to negociate "shows total and persist in disrespect for the popular testament of these workers." "These doer wealthy person work their option clear ended and o'er and will proceed to do so, and the UAW will stand with these worker until they attain the justice they deserve," Kushner said. graduate pupil WHO voted for unionisation say they hop-skip collective bargain would give them more than control ended their engagement and mightiness lead to in high spirits stipends and easily benefits. Olga Brudastova, A search assistant At Columbia's civic organise and technology mechanic department, WHO be A leader of the sexual union drive, call the conclusion non to bargain "a New modest for Columbia." She added, "More than amp year afterward we voted by AN overwhelming 72 pct for our union, capital of South Carolina manufacture IT Saame old self-justification and strain to gloss o'er the fact they be refuse to honor the practice of law of the body politic that have straightaway endorse our vote."