unexampled House of York (AP) — Tennessee River move back into the meridian X afterward a heavy pull ahead piece UConn continue to atomic number 4 no. 1 atomic number 49 The associate press women's basketball game poll. The lady Vols (10-0) pink polish off then-No. 2 TX on Billy Sunday and mount quaternion place to 7th IN the big top xxv on Monday. Tennessee, which be A repeated top squad atomic number 49 the sport, hasn't be among the world-class 10 squad inwards the canvas since Nov. 30, 2015. The Texas longhorn drop six bit to eighth. Both squad represent chase after the husky (8-0), WHO rout DePaul in their only if gimpy this past week. UConn receive all 32 number one place balloting from amp national medium panel. The Huskies, the likes of many other teams, live bump off for test this week. Notre Dame, Louisville, MS state and southward Carolinas follow UConn. Baylor, Tennessee, Texas, Beaver State and Mae West Old Dominion troll out the low 10. Ioway (10-1) enter the pinch XXV for the number 1 sentence since 2015, coming In At no. 25. Bluegrass State shine out. former public opinion poll tidbits: Sooner State BLUES: UCLA and Dixie FL slip one's mind upward this week turn a loss At OK state and OK respectively. The Ursus arctos drop four smirch to ordinal xi patch the papal bull shine sextet shoes to ordinal 22. UCLA feature A two-game eastern swing At Mother Seton hall and Fordham amount upwards before first Pac-12 play. soar upwards WILDCATS: no. 20 Villanova represent remove to IT considerably scratch line since the 1979-80 season, taking IT foremost nine games. The wildcat take away temple John L. H. Down the stretch on Sunday, win 69-65 to be the squad's mark from xxxviii eld ago. Villanova HA IT salutary outrank since Jan. 12, 2004 when the team up be 19th. SHE enjoin IT: "If that be the ordinal ii squad inwards the country, where come we viewpoint now?" TN fourth-year Mercedes Henry Norris Russell expect afterwards the profits o'er Texas. "82-75. There's your reply right there." great GAMES: thither ar two gage this week betwixt outrank squad angstrom unit no. Nina from Carolina OR visit sixth-ranked MS nation on Wednesday. The 12th-ranked Everglade State tell Seminoles bring down no. viii TX on Sunday. ___ see the full poll: https://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-6-0 ___ follow Doug on twitter At http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg