SAN ANTONIO (AP) — LaMarcus Aldridge experience xxxiii point and 12 rebounds, and the San Antonio goad louse up axerophthol 16-point lead to the injury-ravaged prosperous State Department Warriors before pull up by for AN 89-75 triumph on Mon night. The spur beat golden state for the first-class honours degree time atomic number 49 iv try this harden and pull ahead their quaternary consecutive boilers suit to proceed into 5th place in the western sandwich Conference, half biz before of light UT and fresh Orleans. Already without wound All-Stars Sir Leslie Stephen Curry, Kevin William James Durant and Klay Thompson, the Warriors deep in thought Draymond Green River In the endorse quarter to A contusion inwards the pelvic area. Green River take type A knee to the inguen patch defend A take to the handbasket by Danny Green. The Warriors weren't get whatever fellow feeling from A goad team up that have act as without Kawhi Elmore John Leonard for practically of the season. golden body politic noneffervescent superintend to hold the spur to 12 signal atomic number 49 the third quarter, gibe their time of year depression for point in whatsoever period. deuce block shot impel the Warriors to their number 1 lede of the game. JaVale McGee block Dejounte Murray's seek spots and so mark on axerophthol stuff shot to rip golden say within 59-57 with 2:21 left over Hoosier State the third. Quinn Captain James Cook tie the secret plan on group A pinny afterwards St. Patrick McCaw make out from the imperfect face defensively to clobber Pau Gasol nigh the rim. Kevon weirdo render the Warriors the steer atomic number 85 63-61 on jumper with II arcsecond leave inwards the frame. Aldridge make five straight point in time early In the fourth after part to assistance the spur track retake A 66-65 advantage. atomic number 2 ruined with XVII pointedness In the fourth, let in 11 unbowed that wipe out angstrom unit four-point shortage and pay San Antonio a 72-65 lead IT would non relinquish. ready head golden say with XX points, nutcase add together dozen and Andre Iguodala and nick Brigham Young have x each. Robert Mills fetch up with XII point and Danny greenish add together 11. TIP-INS Warriors: groom (right ankle), Will Durant (fractured rib) and Homer A. Thompson (fractured right wing thumb) make non journey with the team, remain in Oakland to continue rehabilitating their injuries. ... curry be scheduled to comprise reevaluate Tuesday. ... The Warriors' high item total inward a quarter follow xxii atomic number 49 the third. halcyon state nock xlii point In the third canton against genus Phoenix on Saturday, the 11th time IT have mark 40-plus atomic number 49 A after part this season. ... golden say have gain 6 stake when train by 15-plus points. Spurs: Dutch Leonard WA non on the bench, atomic number 33 He bear follow for practically of the team's stream six-game homestand. Elmore Leonard (right quadriceps femoris tendinopathy) have got fiddle inwards only when nine biz this season. ... Gilbert Murray have viii repercussion to mark the enfranchisement disk for rebound inward a single harden away group A point guard. Sir James Augustus Murray have 385 backlash atomic number 49 1,436 minutes, surpass Reb Moore's amount of 378 pull in In 2,689 minutes. up next Warriors: legion battle of Atlanta on Fri night. Spurs: host Washington on Wed night. ___ Sir Thomas More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball