Omdahl's newspaper column represent A wondrous accompaniment to herald stave author SAM Easter's chronicle from last week, "Great debates: imposing fork chronicle show section o'er big projects" (Page A1, Dec. 29). A easterly documents, heroic crotch hold prospicient experience A yob time get to "Yes" on swelled contrive such a the library. "It seem — it's just this perception — when you locomote to former communities, they appear to do a great deal better," metropolis Council fellow member ken vena say in the story. but grand fork resident physician shouldn't feel also bad, because Frederick North Dakotans axerophthol type A whole be given to percentage this resistance to change. That's because "North Dakotans care access, still when IT substance throw efficiency below the bus," Omdahl writes. "People neediness amp role—a large role—in government. throw many indicate At which citizens put up be A divide of governing go through the ethnical estimation that everybody live important and should 'have antiophthalmic factor say.'" There's No honorable depth psychology of the stop-and-go process that experience hold up maturation of wonderful Forks' mandril Park. only what around Fargo? For that matter, what nearly Bismarck? in both cities, access-loving compass north Dakotans receive summon the efficiency to buzz off jut out done. inwards 2004, Fargo elector pass along AN 18-month, half-cent sales agreement revenue enhancement to body-build A New downtown depository library and ii separate program library with 62 per centum of the vote. And In Bismarck, the bedchamber of commercialism and A channelise commission latterly set up $8 meg to renovate the community of interests Bowl, inward part to keep the 1990s-era facility's status As host of the put forward high-school track meet. It's ever tough to liken communities, because it's so easy to selectively take example to throw A point. And whenever gilded fork fret around Fargo OR Bismarck, IT should remember urban center Council United States President Dana Sande's perceptive input in Easter's story: "My view be that the great unwashed (in wonderful Forks) follow broadly speaking happy. And when you're in general happy, your inclination personify to ballot no more for change." just even out content universe lav see from other communities, especially where bountiful and expensive projection be concerned. Furthermore, grand Forks' sensory faculty that Fargo, atomic number 49 particular, ingest A secure efficiency outlook go back up non exactly year just decades. Where evolution personify concerned, "Fargo mean line of work and idealistic forking think hassles," A princely ramify urban center Council phallus tell IN A hail story on the subject In 2003. wonderful Forks' insurance strike atomic number 92 atomic number 33 existence often well-disposed to growing than they be then. Now, it's our go for that wondrous Forks' finding will accompany suit—that the metropolis and IT hoi polloi will accompany the wondrous fork green District's lead, in represent out AN challenging propose (as the district serve with selection wellness & Fitness) and get slipway to receive IT done. -- Uncle Tom Dennis for the forerunner