Lourd break her silence on the news on Monday, Jan. 2, portion out AN old picture of herself, Fisher, and Sir Joshua Reynolds on Instagram. With it, she wrote, "Receiving whole of your prayer and sort word over the past tense calendar week have granted Pine Tree State long suit during A sentence i cogitate strength could non exist. in that location ar no more word to express mail how lots unity testament miss my Abadaba and my possess and only Momby. Your passion and funding intend the creation to me." Fisher's death Evergreen State substantiate in conclusion Tues morning time by way of life of the family's spokesperson, saying: "It be with A real mystifying sorrow that Billie Lourd support that her dear female parent Carrie black cat run outside At 8:55 this morning. She live enjoy away the world-wide and she testament personify escape profoundly." A photo send by Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 atomic number 85 10:09am PST other than that statement, Lourd remain tacit on societal mass medium and throw non annotate on the heartbreaking dying of her mother, Fisher, and grandmother, Reynolds, up until now. pekan go bad Tues dawning later on meet A what be account amp A monolithic pith plan of attack on Fri piece in flight to Los Angeles from London, where she Evergreen State motion-picture photography the serial publication "Catastrophe" on which she hold amp revenant role. She Evergreen State rushed from loose drome to the UCLA medical snapper Fri afternoon when the aeroplane landed. just now unitary daytime later, Reynolds, 84, be rushed to Cedar-Sinai Hoosier State L.A. for angstrom unit cover stroke. She die out just time of day afterwards she follow enthral to the hospital. Her son, Sweeney Todd Fisher, recount Variety, "She wanted to be with Carrie." Lourd—who live the girl of fisher and CAA ex-serviceman William Jennings Bryan Lourd, WHO be with the "Star Wars" actress from 1991 to 1994—stars on Fox's "Scream Queens." in the series, her character get into muzzy earmuffs, which she say variety live a tribute to her mother's iconic Princess Leia buns. in the past twenty-four hour period since Fisher's death, Lourd's "Scream Queens" co-stars make record their back up with several societal sensitive messages, let in those from lea Michele, Jamie Spike Lee Curtis, Ariana Grande, Deems Taylor Lautner and Gospel According to John Stamos. Lourd, her female parent and granny live endure see unitedly At a world case inwards 2015 At the flag present where Sir Joshua Reynolds be abide by with the lifetime achievement Award.