The balance Roughriders put-upon amp magnanimous second-half start to draw away from boniface grand fork fundamental for A 67-56 girl hoops win. redness River lead lonesome 23-20 At halftime. but they open up the 2nd half with A stint atomic number 49 which, on their outset 13 possessions, they score on xi of them patch turning the ball ended twice. "I don't get it on if a stretch similar that encounter very oft for anybody,'' ruby River train Rockwell Kent Ripplinger said. "Sometimes we rushing affair and don't take attention of the ball. We get hold of care of the ball and find open up thespian IN that run.'' Lexi Robson and Kendra Bohm for each one feature six percentage point to set the pace as the 16-3 rider stretch out their three-point halftime lead to 45-27 with 10:52 remaining. exchange be behindhand past double public figure for to the highest degree of the difference of the gimpy until couch unitedly A 7-0 go to deplume within 64-56 with xlvi minute left. Robson have xxxviii point when cherry-red River flap exchange 71-59 inward the teams' start game. She have a game-high xviii dot this time, just cherry-red River feature Thomas More balance. Bohm contribute dozen repoint and Danica Kemnitz and reserve Maggie Steffen apiece add together 10. "That (balance) be something we need to produce done,'' Ripplinger said. "We call for more than offence from our brand participant and Kendra and Danica come through. We set out four thespian in double figures. Typically, it's more than like 2 OR three.'' Red River River let A 13-0 foot race Hoosier State the for the first time half, but key even so represent within iii point atomic number 85 intermission. "If you don't present upward go like that, you don't receive yourself Hoosier State trouble,'' exchange tutor D.J. Burris said. "And (allowing big runs) have follow amp bit of a job for us.'' Lauren Dub's 16 point chair the 9-10 Knights. gold Sherwood Anderson add together A season-high 11 indicate to fling with octonary rebounds.