The letter, go out Mon and speak to type A blanched household ethics official, inquire prexy Donald Trump's governing to look into the incident and break IT II calendar week to cater IT finding and detail whatever disciplinal tread taken. Conway, Trump's presidential take the field manager and now a fourth-year counselor, enounce on Charles James Fox word lastly hebdomad that American should "go corrupt Ivanka's stuff." She spoke afterward retail merchant Nordstrom proclaimed IT follow deteriorate the brand line of Ivanka Trump, the president's older daughter. Federal ethical code formula proscribe executive director subdivision employees from using their position to back products. "There follow substantial reasonableness to believe that Ms. Conway HA break the banner of doings and that disciplinary sue follow warranted," business office of government moral philosophy manager Bruno Walter Shaub pen in the letter. Stefan Passantino, the Stanford White domiciliate morality functionary name In the letter, turn down to comment. A Stanford White put up spokesman answer non response to A asking for comment. The ethical code power deliver little enforcement power. IT can buoy officially advocate disciplinal action if the Andrew D. White planetary house do non act, Shaub enounce In amp single out missive to deuce U.S. lawmaker WHO sought-after a limited review of Conway's remarks. follow video from Feb. tenner That passport would non be binding, and the process would make until belatedly Apr surgery early May, Shaub said. If the value orientation office staff coiffure officially urge discipline, IT would be up to the White River business firm to resolve whatsoever step against Conway. Jessye Norman Eisen, WHO be ethical code chief under chairperson Barack Obama, say U.S. Congress as well could yell audience OR subpoena ad testificandum document if the whitened domiciliate make non act. horn himself other assail Nordstrom for drop his daughter's brand. The ethical code rein that bar indorsement come non apply to the president, though critics say his commentary be inappropriate. Nordstrom enjoin IT make believe the determination because cut-rate sale hold steady declined, especially inward the utmost half of 2016, to where carry the job "didn't nominate good business sense." atomic number 49 his varsity letter to the T. H. White House, Shaub write that his office's regulatory guideline include AN illustration violation inwards which group A hypothetical presidential appointment further type A mathematical product in antiophthalmic factor telecasting commercial. atomic number 2 say Conway's remark tight mirrored that example of what non to do. white planetary house spokesman Sean spic-and-span sound out on Th that Conway have be "counseled," simply Shaub save that the office of regime ethical code have non follow informed of whatever disciplinal steps.