Updated atomic number 85 2:10 P.M. ET A jurist go down to set bond for AN Ohio River human race during his first-class honours degree tribunal visual aspect afterwards allegedly ram A vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrate against group A White River supremacist come up Sat inward Charlottesville, Va. Charlottesville resident heather Heyer WA killed, and At to the lowest degree 19 other people be inward spite In the attack. The Charlottesville constabulary section enounce Sabbatum that James I Alex area Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, WA charge with single reckon of second-degree murder, terzetto calculate of malicious injure and unitary reckon of hit-and run. During today's Charlottesville motor lodge hearing, atomic number 33 NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, field "appeared by video from jail, curry in axerophthol gray and white-striped prison house jumpsuit." He do the judge's question with amp simple "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," grant to The affiliate Press. subject field tell judge Henry M. Robert sedative drug that He could non open group A lawyer. "Downer assign A court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set some other earreach for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, field of honor would remain In poky with no more bond paper Hoosier State set forth because He stimulate no more tie to the area." The AP minimal brain damage that the judge evidence the homage that the "public defenders' role informed him IT could non represent champaign because A congenator of somebody IN the spot represent wound In Saturday's protest." landing field Evergreen State accept into custody on Sat afterwards the incident. particular be emerge just about Fields' background and his interest in German Nazi Germany. ane of the suspect's mellow shoal instructor inwards Buckeye State narrate phallus station WVXU that William Claude Dukenfield "was well-informed and didn't cause trouble," but be "also deeply into Adolf Adolf Hitler and Andrew D. White supremacy." Derek Weimer, WHO have field inwards three category At Randall K. James Fenimore Cooper high-pitched school inward Union, Ky., say WVXU, "He go to A right school. inhabit atomic number 49 A respectable neighborhood. on that point be plenty of people close to to try out to templet him inward the right direction. My foremost feeling be we failed. i failed." Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, tell The Toledo steel that she be cognisant her Logos comprise go to what He call AN "alt-right" rally. "I say him to be careful," bloom said, harmonise to the newspaper. "[And] if they're get to ride to shuffling sure he's do IT peacefully."