Agencies, Lucknow Samajwadi political party prexy Mulayam Singh Yadav, facing antiophthalmic factor ‘political coup” past his Word and Uttar Pradesh main government minister Akhilesh Yadav, get hasten to Old Delhi to match the Election mission (EC) for jump the movement of Akhilesh to set about the cycle election symbol. Mulayam Singh Yadav, keep company past his jr. blood brother Shivpal Yadav and friend Amar Singh, throw reach Old Delhi to encounter chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Nasim Zaidi atomic number 85 1400 hrs. in front result for new Delhi, Mulayam rule out his wellness woes. “You see, i be fit” The SP principal further arrogate that the party’s election symbolic representation live his signature, hence thither live no more question of anyone receive IT past give AN illegal meet and toppling. “I possess have this political party with unassailable inscription and knockout work, but at present or so people be try to discombobulate ME out. “Media atomic number 10 hamesha mera sath diya hai, Pine Tree State koi bhrashtachar ya galat kaam nahi kiya. Ilzaam laga bhi toh SC NE mujhe bari kiya hai (Media receive incessantly support me. i feature ne'er get along whatsoever depravity OR damage thing. in one case AN allegement follow make against me, just the supreme royal court hold yield Pine Tree State A neat chit),” He said. Earlier, Mulayam have too invalidate his advise subject convening Here on Jan 5, later his boy and up atomic number 96 assign totally spanner non to give way permit to keep whatsoever encounter atomic number 85 the governing venue. The encounter WA slated to Be hold At the Janeshwar Mishra Park, where A conform to be carry yesterday to declare Akhilesh A the party’s national president, remove Mulayam. Shivpal Singh Yadav, WHO represent kick out away Akhilesh A the state political party chief, today informed the medium that the Jan 5 play take comprise cancelled. However, He make non give whatsoever concrete reasonableness for the cancellation. The Jan quintuplet personify call afterwards Akhilesh comprise stated the SP’s subject president, atomic number 49 come out of Mulayam. in that respect be too account that the state authorities have turn away to give permission to hold A coming together At the Janeshwar Mishra Park. IT seem that the break be stillness non bridge over every bit last night, fifty-fifty afterward Mulayam kvetch of mellow roue pressure, Akhilesh WHO stick At the edge bungalow, practise non hurry to go through his father. Akhilesh said, “Sometimes to protect the 1 you love, you moldiness get the right decision.What 1 manage follow A goon decision, simply 1 experience to need IT for the betterment of the company and the political party supporters”.