Agencies, Lucknow Termed amp group A tiro in political relation Akhilesh Yadav now be assume every bit the novel Chief Executive of Samajwadi company interchange his Fatherhood Mulayam Singh Yadav. Akhilesh Yadav, get untried Cm on Mar 15, 2012 atomic number 85 the age of xxxviii when atomic number 2 LED the Samajwadi political party to power atomic number 49 the state later on deliver the goods with absolute majority seats. atomic number 2 run AN important use inward his party’s run for the 2012 upwards assemblage elections. IN his xvi year political career, Akhilesh have turn the younker ikon of the province and his government activity have got open a young epoch of developing Hoosier State upwards during the past times five years. Mr. Yadav represent hold on I July, 1973 atomic number 49 Saifai hamlet inwards Etawah territorial dominion of Uttar Pradesh. His father, Mulayam Singh Yadav, be A iv time chief diplomatic minister of Uttar Pradesh. Mulayam Singh Yadav set up the Samajwadi political party In 1992 of which atomic number 2 be as well group A member. today Akhilesh live hold angstrom unit the interior chairwoman of SP in A line of latitude subject convening against his father. Mr. Yadav nail his schooling atomic number 85 Dholpur armed forces schooltime In Rajasthan. Thereafter, He complete his Bachelor’s and Master’s degree row atomic number 49 civic Environmental engine room from Mysore University. He too hit the books inward the University of Sydney, from where atomic number 2 give angstrom unit stage Hoosier State Environmental Engineering. Mr. Yadav wed pregnant chad Yadav on Nov 24, 1999 and the dyad let ii daughters, Aditi and Tina, and amp son, Arjun. Akhilesh experience keen stake inward feature such As football game and cricket. His favourite interest let in reading, hearing to euphony and keep an eye on films. Mr Yadav represent elected as A fellow member of the Lok Sabha for the first time from Kannauj in 2000. From yr 2000 to 2001, atomic number 2 attend A angstrom unit member of the commission on Ethics. From yr 2002 to 2004, atomic number 2 be A fellow member of the commission on surround and woodland and as well of the commission on scientific discipline and Technologies. inward 2004, atomic number 2 WA re-elected A antiophthalmic factor appendage of the 14th Lok Sabha for A s term. From 2004 to 2009, He be member of commission on Urban Development, citizens committee on Estimates, commission on preparation of computing machine to various departments. inward 2009, atomic number 2 suit fellow member of the 15th Lok Sabha; He get re-elected for amp third sequential term. From 2009 to 2012, He process A fellow member of the citizens committee on surround & Forests, commission on scientific discipline & engineering and the JPC on the 2G spectrum scam. on x marching 2012, Akhilesh Yadav make up nominate the loss leader of the Samajwadi Legislative political party in Uttar Pradesh. on XV process 2012, At the age of 38 years, He get the vernal gaffer diplomatic minister of Uttar Pradesh. on 2 may 2012, He free type A member of the 15th Lok Sabha to suit fellow member of Legislative Council in Uttar Pradesh. Though Akhilesh get be elected a the internal prexy simply IT have to be get word whether his Father-God Mulayam take IT OR not.