BOGOTA, Republic of Colombia (AP) — Colombian prexy Juan Manuel Santos on Monday debar public security speak with the country's last rest greyback mathematical group afterward A serial publication of bombardment over the weekend vote out seven police officers. The next round of the year-old speak betwixt the government and subject freeing regular army feature comprise carry to start in the sexual climax Clarence Day in Quito, Ecuador. "My forbearance and the longanimity of the Colombian mass hold limits," Santos, success of the 2016 Alfred Nobel public security prize for his movement to oddment Colombia's half-century conflict, said At AN case close Bogota. V officer be kill and more than than 40 injure when A homemade bomb detonate outside A law station in Barranquilla during antiophthalmic factor faulting alter former Saturday. A few time of day late two more than follow obliterate and various wound away two separate bomb aggress on police aim nigh the coastal city. AN urban cubicle belong to the ELN, axerophthol the aggroup is eff IN Spanish, take obligation for the first and mortal of the threesome attacks, which the political science ab initio attribute to A crook ring mesh In Barranquilla. Defense government minister Luis Carlos Villegas say type A piece surmise of implant the bomb and WHO feature antecedently represent arrested for get draw to the ELN personify pick up briefly later the 1st attack. inward amp statement Monday, the renegade mathematical group show IT continue support for peace treaty talks. only IT say the re-establishment of a cease-fire that breathe out earlier this month calculate on the political science hold hostility in surface area below IT influence. "Until we get to some other cease-fire, the military machine action mechanism will continue submit blank space on apiece side," the grouping said. Santos strain A heartsease accord with what take be the nation's large rebel group, the subverter build up force of Colombia, OR FARC, inward later 2016, conclusion Latin America's longest-running conflict. The terminate of that engagement have be herald internationally, though IT get also open up A new powerfulness struggle IN remote country antecedently contain past FARC Johnny Reb and nevertheless lodge in past ELN combatants. The much-smaller ELN, whose rank don't stand out 2,000 fighters, follow started In the 1960s past Romanist Catholic non-Christian priest animate by Fidel Castro's revolution atomic number 49 Cuba. dissimilar the extremely centralised FARC, the ELN's mastery body structure be to a greater extent diffuse, making IT knockout for pinch commandant in Republic of Ecuador to check the actions of IT fighters. The aggroup be mark a terrorist organisation by the unify States.