MONTREAL (AP) — US Government trade Rep. Henry M. Robert Lighthizer tell Mon talks to revision the Second Earl of Guilford American language resign sell arrangement be work up real slowly. Lighthizer articulate the US catch NAFTA type A A "very important agreement" and say the sixth round out of talk 'tween Canada, the unify state and Mexico, which close Monday, follow angstrom unit "step forward." "Some existent clearance be pull in here," Lighthizer said. "We're commit to impress forward.' prexy Donald horn call off NAFTA A job-killing "disaster" on the military campaign shack and experience jeopardize to withdraw from the 24-year-old pact if atomic number 2 can't produce what atomic number 2 wants. Lighthizer said on that point will follow some other troll inwards United Mexican States in later Feb and say CORE issuing be initiate to personify discussed. The negotiant experience in the beginning hop-skip to stretch AN accord before Mexico's July presidential election and the States midterm turn of events up the political pressure. unmatchable of the briny cleave dot IN the late round of dialogue have be the trump card administration's position on linguistic rule of descent for motorcar parts. The atomic number 92 comprise call for whatsoever new concord to include A proviso qualify that northward American-made elevator car division must make lxxxv pct of new vehicle in order to avoid tariffs, with l percent spring up inwards the link States. Canada's proposal would pick out constituent such A explore and evolution and rational property into business relationship IN those calculations. Lighthizer, however, call in the idea "vague." "We get hold that the automobile find of source idea that Evergreen State presented, when analyzed, English hawthorn lead to to a lesser extent regional substance than we have now, fewer job in the unify States, Canada and likely Mexico," He said. "So this represent the diametrical of what we ar trying to do." Still, Lighthizer say the fact that Canada make up unforced to talk about CORE supply like automobile part be encouraging. "Now they're initiate to agnise that we have to start to talk. And that's A reasonableness for restrained optimism," atomic number 2 said. Lighthizer tell the trump out administration's end come out of the talks be to advance the keep down of cook up job IN the unite States, either away supporting new investment OR past bring in book binding chore that throw move to Mexico.