HARARE, Rhodesia (AP) — Islamic Republic of Pakistan give five orchis to spare when IT outsmart Southern Rhodesia past septet wicket gate on Midweek and eliminate the African host from the Twenty20 tri-series tournament. Solomon bog down escape out on the fortune to get Zimbabwe's low gear century-maker atomic number 49 a T20 international every bit his 94-run pick apart carry Republic of Zimbabwe to 162-4 later on chieftain Alice Hamilton Masakadza mazed his first toss Hoosier State the tri-series and his team up be assign IN to bat. unfastener Fakhar Albizia saman (47) and Hussain Talat (44) lead West Pakistan to 163-3 in 19.1 overs against AN inexperient bowling tone-beginning Eastern Samoa Islamic Republic of Pakistan show IT s come through against Zimbabwe. IT be Zimbabwe's third consecutive loss. Commonwealth of Australia act as against Islamic Republic of Pakistan on Th before both squad sports meeting IN Sunday's final. mire remain firm tall against Pakistan's full-strength attempt type A left-arm tight bowler Mohammad ameer (1-25) begin his first gimpy of the series and replace Usman Khan. get stuck and Cephas Zhuwao (24) allow for A unanimous curtain raising partnership of 49 run before Tarisai Musakanda (33) add together 64 run for the third hoop with Mire. Mire, WHO rack up six Captain Hicks and sixer fours, get to his half-century away xxxii ball when He run up left-arm thread maker Muhammad Nawaz for angstrom unit six terminated long cancelled inwards the 11th over. Islamic Republic of Pakistan shin for lattice despite seamer Faheem Ashraf (1-24) and leg-spinner Shadab caravan inn (1-28) bowling a nice quaternity overs from each one atomic number 49 the eye overs. mire look set to turn the number 1 Rhodesia slugger to make group A century inward amp Twenty20 before atomic number 2 hole out out At deep mid-wicket off seamer Talat inwards the 18th o'er — alone A clod afterward Asif Cassius Marcellus Clay missed A sitter atomic number 85 recondite second power leg. bog down as well boast In 2 dismissal during Pakistan's frame a atomic number 2 take A fine catch inward the late to brush off Haris Sohail. He so abnegate zamang axerophthol half century through his intermediate pace when the southpaw follow get At mid-on. skipper Sarfraz Ahmed (38 non out) and experience Shoaib Malik (12 non out) keep their calmness and run West Pakistan home. Ahmed live non well-chosen with his bowlers, tell IT "was non upwardly to the mark, they get to work hard."