NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Zach Randolph scored 26 points and grabbed 12 rebounds, and the Sacramento Kings beat the New Orleans Pelicans 114-103 on Tuesday night.
Kosta Koufos had 17 points and 17 rebounds for the Kings, who were able to exploit the absence of Pelicans All-Star and former King DeMarcus Cousins by getting double-doubles from both of their starting big men.
Rookie De'Aaron Fox and reserve guard Garrett Temple, a former LSU player, each scored 15 for the Kings, who've won three of their last four games.
Anthony Davis had 23 points and 13 rebounds for the Pelicans, while Jrue Holiday scored 21 points and Ian Clark a season-high 20, hitting nine of 10 shots. But New Orleans has lost both of its games without Cousins, who went out for the season with a ruptured left Achilles at the end of a victory over Houston last Friday night.
The Pelicans trailed by five points after Davis' free throws with 4:13 to go, but Sacramento reserve George Hill, who had 14 points, responded with a 3 with 3:24 left. Koufos then converted inside to make it a 10-point game with 2:44 left and New Orleans never got closer than six after that.
TIP INS
Kings: Randolph shot 11 of 23 overall and 3 of 6 from 3-point range. ... Reserve G Buddy Hield, drafted sixth overall by New Orleans in 2016 and sent to Sacramento as part of the trade that brought Cousins to the Pelicans, scored eight points on 4-of-9 shooting, but missed all four of his 3-point attempts. ... The Kings improved to 9-20 on the road, with two of those victories coming in New Orleans.
Pelicans: Struggled from 3-point range for a second straight game, going 9 of 25 (36 percent) against the Kings, including 3 of 15 in the second half. ... Reserve F Cheik Diallo played for the first time since Jan. 10. He was in the game for more than six minutes and had two points and a rebounds ... G Tony Allen was deemed available to play after missing 22 games with a fractured left fibula but did not play. ... F Dante Cunningham, who has started forward in both games since Cousins' season-ending injury, left the game late in the first half with back spasms. ... C Omer Asik played a season-high 24 minutes. He had four rebounds, a block, a steal and a single point on 1-fo-4 free throw shooting. He did not attempt a field goal and committed five fouls and one turnover.
UP NEXT
Kings: Host Golden State on Friday night.
Pelicans: Visit Oklahoma City on Friday night.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball