Another Lithuanian (LKL) League game, another tough loss for Prienu Vytautas. With LaMelo Ball resting due to a back injury and an illness, and LiAngelo Ball spending much of the fourth quarter on the bench next to him, BC Vytautas staged a gutsy comeback from a 20-point deficit, only to come up short in the end to Alytaus Dzukija, 82-79, at Alytus Arena on Monday.
Gelo didn’t start for Virginijus Seskus’ squad, but was the club’s leading reserve scorer with 14 points on 6-of-13 shooting (2-of-4 from three). By and large, the 19-year-old looked aware and energetic on defense, perhaps refreshed from his trip to Barcelona the previous week. He was active on the boards, grabbing seven rebounds.
Oddly enough, LiAngelo’s issues came on the offensive end. He did well to cut to the basket and get himself open on the perimeter, but he hardly looked for teammates when he had the ball (no assists, one turnover) and attempted several ill-advised shots against multiple defenders.
Gelo’s blinders got him pulled from the game by Seskus with 8:14 to play in the final frame. Shortly thereafter, Vytautas embarked on a 19-6 run—all without the help of LaVar Ball’s boys—to close the gap to 74-72. The visitors went on to slice that deficit further, to 80-79, but an unsportsmanlike foul by Martynas Linkevicius practically sealed it for Dzukija in the end.
Had Vytautas played with greater effort and executed better early, the team might have come away with just its second LKL win since the Ball brothers arrived. Instead, Dzukija put together a 22-5 spurt spanning the second and third quarters, putting Vytautas in a hole out of which it wasn’t able to climb completely.
As a result, Vytautas (5-21) will remain in last place in the league, four games behind Juventus and Dzukija (9-17) in the race for a spot in the top eight. Come Sunday, Prienai will have another important opportunity to move up in the standings when it hosts ninth-place Kedainiai Nevezis (6-20) at Prienai Arena.
Vytautas can only hope that Melo is fit to play by then, and that Gelo will be prepared to make better decisions when he has the ball.