Of all the things that Lonzo Ball does (and can do) in the NBA as a rookie, scoring appears to be the weakest link in his game by a substantial margin thus far. Through 25 games with the Los Angeles Lakers, he’s averaged 8.6 points with abysmal shooting splits of .321/.246/.471—dragged down by spotty shot selection and questionable mechanics, among other things. But in Zo, Lakers coach Luke Walton sees someone with the capacity to become a bona fide bucket-getter.
“He has such a great feel for the game,” Walton said prior to L.A.’s 110-99 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Saturday, per the Los Angeles Times’ Tania Ganguli.
The Lakers’ second-year coach highlighted the ability to attack the rim and fuel the fastbreak that he flashed against the Philadelphia 76ers on Thursday as proof of his scoring gifts. As Walton’s logic goes, once Lonzo adds strength and tweaks his touch at the basket, he’ll convert more of his inside looks into actual points.
“You add that with the ability that I think he’s going to be a fine NBA three-point shooter as well. . .it makes for the ability to be a very good scorer.”
Walton admitted that scoring won’t likely ever be Ball’s M.O., though his proficiency as a passer should afford him the space he needs to get his own shots.
“He’ll always want to pass first, which will also lead to him having scoring opportunities because defenders are going to be more worried about guarding their own man,” he explained. “But he’ll be able to really put a lot of pressure on defenses.”
Clearly, Zo has a ways to go before he becomes that kind of threat. According to NBA.com, the Lakers have thus far scored 99.0 points per 100 possessions with Ball on the floor—which puts Zo 165th out of 202 guards who have averaged at least 10 minutes over a minimum of 10 games this season.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
For what it’s worth, Brandon Ingram, L.A.’s leading scorer at 16.2 points per game, sports a worse offensive rating than Lonzo’s (97.5 points per 100 possessions), and has been even less productive without Ball on the floor (94.7 points per 100 possessions).
Which brings us to the obligatory reminder that Zo will improve. At 20 years old, with 57 regular-season games left to go in 2017-18 and an exemplary work ethic to boot, Ball has no choice but to get better.