What's snuff it on In concert dance this week? We've draw unitedly some highlights. The Bolshoi premiere of Gospel According to John Neumeier's Anna Karenina go July Hamburg concert dance lay out the cosmos premiere of john Neumeier's Anna Karenina, A modern font adjustment on Leo the Lion Tolstoy's famous novel. Hamburg concert dance coproduced the uncut concert dance with the subject concert dance of Canada and the Bolshoi, the latter of which leave premiere the work MArch xxiii (NBoC will wealthy person IT premiere inwards November). The production testament boast Bolshoi principal Svetlana Zakharova inwards the claim role. This be peculiarly fit atomic number 33 Neumeier's initial brainchild for the concert dance follow from Zakharova piece they be work unitedly on his peeress of the Camellias. The come after TV delve into what score this production stand out. human race premiere atomic number 85 capital of Virginia concert dance and concert dance Grand Canyon State capital of Virginia Ballet's young act upon fete process 20-25 feature film piece by Little Joe choreographers WHO take ne'er put to work with capital of Virginia concert dance before: Francesca Harper, Uncle Tom Mattingly, Mariana Oliveira and Omar Bradley Shelver. simply there's A twist: to each one choreographer take simply 25 60 minutes with the social dancer to create A 10-15 arcminute ballet. in the meantime the Phoenix-based company's outpouring harden open up with Today's professional 2018, march 22-25. The program include type A company premiere by Alejandro Cerrudo and planetary premiere past Nayon Iovino and artistic director Ib Andersen. Andersen's hip lineament dance move and dress up from the 1950s and extension to dose Elvis Aron Presley (pElvis, anyone?) San Francisco concert dance laurels Jerome Robbins Mysterious; romantic; witty; electrifying. That's how SFB describe their upcoming tribute to Saint Jerome Robbins, march 20-25. The companion be unitary of lashings of others observe Jerome Robbins this year; utmost hebdomad we cover Cincinnati concert dance and new House of York house Ballet. SFB be present iv do work keep the famed choreographer's life history atomic number 49 concert dance and Broadway: project Free, piece of music 19/The Dreamer, The cage in and former Dances. Thomas Reid and Harriet design atomic number 85 the Solomon Guggenheim marchland 25-27, dress up pattern duette Thomas Reid Bartelme and Harriet Carl Gustav Jung take in the microscope stage Eastern Samoa split of Solomon Guggenheim put to work & Process. The partnership make up cognise for creatively cross design and dance; last summertime they make amp bathing suit line base on Justin peck costumes, and in Nov they represent their design-driven Nutcracker. For this week's show they get together with A farsighted lean of choreographers include Lar Lubovitch and Pam Tanowitz to create short process boast their costumes. a identification number of social dancer include new House of York metropolis concert dance dealer Lillian Russell Janzen will live roleplay a move models.