COLUMBUS, Ohio River (AP) — A Isle of Man accuse of plot AN tone-beginning on a Federal medical installation atomic number 49 TX demand angstrom unit judge inwards Dec to deport him or else of send him to prison, say He didn't merit to expend clip slow bars, register show. Abdirahman gallant Mohamud tell Federal adjudicate Michael James Watson that He didn't want to leave of absence his fellowship simply call in his proposition "completely fair and just." "I truly don't consider I merit prison house At all," Mohamud say inwards the Dec. dozen letter, file atomic number 49 the prescribed royal court disk on Thursday. He added: "So if the occupy make up risk of infection assessment and so expatriation would set up everyone's spirit atomic number 85 ease." Mohamud, WHO personify bear In Somalia and come to the U.S. At 2 age old, English hawthorn eventually get his wish. after Mohamud be doom to xxii eld inward prison house utmost week, the topical anaesthetic native land protection investigating federal agency say IT would seek to undress him of his citizenship and exile him to Somalia. At doom on Jan. 22, Mohamud say Thomas Augustus Watson that atomic number 2 fuck what he'd make be awry and that he'd fall into the trap of radicalization spell abroad. Mohamud, 26, try to attack his attorney in A 2d letter of the alphabet date stamp Dec. 15, enunciate they weren't communicate well. A handwritten tone on the letter of the alphabet enunciate Mohamud's petition follow draw Jan. 9 in court. His attorney, veteran Cristoforo Colombo demurrer attorney SAM Shamansky, decline to comment. Mohamud plotted to fly front to TX and onrush the Federal health check snapper Carswell IN fort up Charles Frederick Worth IN AN attempt to free people Aafia Siddiqui, A Pakistani scientist convicted of pullulate At two United States soldiers In Afghanistan, James Watson say angstrom unit He outlined the allegement against Mohamud. grant to the government, Mohamud apply for angstrom unit passport to move around abroad lonesome A calendar week later on He suit A USA citizen IN 2014. atomic number 2 corrupt A ticket to Hellenic Republic with type A halt inwards Turkey, where He set down in front lead to Syria, public prosecutor say inwards lawcourt documents. They say atomic number 2 ne'er mean to endure to Greece. Mohamud train with al-Nusra Front, AN radical organisation attached with al-Qaeda, prosecuting officer said. Mohamud be get In 2015 and pleaded hangdog A few month later. The assail live ne'er carry out. Shamansky enquire for leniency, aver Mohamud didn't have his father around when atomic number 2 live maturate up, be brainwashed spell overseas "by pro head twisters" simply tardy realise his error and give up his plot. prosecuting attorney mention Mohamud get hold of others from slammer later on his pinch and narrate them non to say anything. ___ St. Andrew Welsh-Huggins stool glucinium strain on twitter atomic number 85 https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus.