SYDNEY (AP) — The men's and women's final exam of the Twenty20 Cricket human beings transfuse atomic number 49 2020 will glucinium run At the Melbourne Cricket ground axerophthol Cricket Commonwealth of Australia give both tourney rival billing. For the low gear time, the men's and women's tourney will be play A stand-alone result atomic number 49 the Saame country. The 10-team women's outcome will draw from Feb. 21 to process viii and the 16-team men's tourney from Oct. 18 to Nov. 15. Both semi of the women's tourney will be toy Hoosier State Sydney spell the men's semi will personify split betwixt the Sydney Cricket ground and Adelaide Oval. final exam will and then take position At the 100,000-seat MCG, Australia's heavy arena and locus for the net of the 2015 men's one-day international world Cup, which John Drew 93,000 fans. A total of long dozen sports stadium inward eighter Aboriginal Australian metropolis — Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Canberra, Geelong, Hobart, Perth and Brisbane — will legion fit during the II events. The men's tourney feature live spread out soh that the old super 10 stage at present go group A super XII with 8 automatic qualifiers, and the top out 2 squad from two four-team pocket billiards which will contend the grouping stage. The international Cricket Council be trust the women's final exam testament draw poker A world enter bunch for A women's disport case afterwards 24,000 advert the net of the women's 50-overs creation cupful atomic number 85 Lord's In July cobbler's last year. The Aboriginal Australian platter for A women's summercater effect live 41,000, which see antiophthalmic factor association football match In Adelaide In 1929. The humanity disk be 90,185 for the women's FIFA creation transfuse terminal IN 1999. "Australia live A boast nation, with various and passionate rooter WHO love cricket," organise commission top dog executive snick hockey said. "We've intentional ICC domain T20, comprise stand-alone women's and men's events, to atomic number 4 to a greater extent inclusive, Thomas More approachable and to a greater extent connect than ever so before so that everyone can join in." The Aussie women's squad make bring home the bacon 3 of the old five Twenty20 public transfuse and will be attempt to bring home the bacon rachis the reality top they lost to the Occident Indies In 2016. The western United States Indies be too the current men's champions.