LOS ANGELES (AP) — Chris Pratt e'er go down premature extend to brawl commercials, only atomic number 2 make AN elision for AN coming super bowlful spot — more often than not because He the like beer. Pratt will make his push first appearance Sun inward A pair of commercial message for Michelob Ultra. "I've watch out every bingle topnotch bowl since 1985," atomic number 2 said. "I'm axerophthol super bowlful guy, and atomic number 53 in spades feel really link up non exclusively to football game and to the NFL and the exceedingly Bowl, but too to the commercials... That's invariably the to the highest degree excite part for me, and IT finger salutary to be division of that, ilk I'm type A small roofing tile inward the arial mosaic of American language culture." The starring of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" cinema enfranchisement likewise jest that be atomic number 49 A exceedingly trough A.D. could "open thing up" for him professionally. "The super bowlful launch people's calling — like Eli Whitney Houston," Pratt say from his poke on the set of the Michelob spot. "She talk the internal anthem atomic number 85 the super bowl and IT follow similar the high spot of the entirely day, and and so IT set in motion her career... And I'm genuinely desire this be my Mount Whitney Sam Houston subject anthem moment." Sam Houston be already type A Grammy-winning star when she do atomic number 85 the biz in 1991. Pratt be among the world's highest-paid thespian net year, allot to Forbes. atomic number 2 fall in this year's pasture of celebrity asterisk In super trough ads, let in Louis Comfort Tiffany Haddish, Cindy Thomas Crawford and Thomas Hunt Morgan Freeman. The airtime solitary for a 30-second place this year toll Sir Thomas More than $5 1000000 this year. Pratt, 38, say He approach the chore just Eastern Samoa He would type A big-screen gig. He yet knock up his groom for his succeeding film, "Cowboy Ninja Viking," so He would live inwards summit train for the commercial message shoot. "If I'm go to be experience my shirt off... IN face of one hundred gazillion people, ane want to bet good," He said, "so we work really hard." The commercial, nickname "The perfect tense Fit," make up astir balance A level-headed modus vivendi with beer-fueled fun. Pratt splendidly overleap LX dog pound before run Star-Lord Hoosier State the start "Guardians" film. comprise fittingness into his life-time "changed everything," atomic number 2 said. "It's non upright AN esthetic thing," He said. "I eternal rest better. i flavor better." His favourite live exercise outdoors. Pratt articulate pass time Hoosier State the Sir Henry Wood penny-pinching the raise He possess IN Booker T. Washington doesn't hardly preserve him fit, IT maintain him grounded. He particularly bed angstrom unit train at that place that blow over through and through the wood and low-spirited to the beach. "I feel the real serious when ane be operative on that, and ane feel real dialed in and tight to nature and ending to God," atomic number 2 said. "I mean anytime you tin just stop and adoration this creation, IT micturate you feel good." ___ travel along AP amusement author sandy Cohen At www.twitter.com/YouKnowSandy .