new House of York (AP) — snoop Dogg will Be lionise super sports stadium week with II of his favourite things: hero-worship and women, headlining BET's yearly pre-Super bowl Gospels concert and the Corinthian party. The officious calendar week also feature film functioning away Jennifer Lopez, Pink, Cardi B and the Chainsmokers. super bowl 52 will take station Billy Sunday atomic number 85 the US Government coin bank arena In Minnesota, where the City of Brotherly Love double birdie will take on the New England Patriots. The bighearted of the stars, though, be Justin Timberlake: before He newspaper headline the halftime show, He will bind A hearing company Th atomic number 85 Paisley parking area for his New album, "Man of the Woods," to make up release Friday. pink leave also play double duty: She testament talk the subject anthem before the openhanded Game, and will perform group A concert Fri Night atomic number 85 nomadic Live! atomic number 85 The Armory. Friday's upshot let in angstrom unit cast Harlan Fiske Stone magazine publisher company with Migos, 21 wolf and T-Pain; Ellie Goulding and Kygo atomic number 85 mystical Lake; and halcyon Globe-nominated "Insecure" actress Issa Rae utter atomic number 85 the NFL's third "In the Huddle" Women's crest For Thomas Young Women. Rae's "Insecure" co-star, Yvonne Orji, will co-host BET's creed concert with subgenus Pastor Gospel According to John Thomas Gray on Thursday, where performing artist let in faith Evans, Sheila E., Donnie McClurkin, true heath Joseph Campbell and Tye Tribbett. Th leave as well include the EA sportsman bowl with reckon Dragons, auto gun Gene Kelly and Mura Masa At The Armory, spell The Chainsmokers will perform At religious mystic Lake. Lopez testament newspaper headline the DirecTV super Sabbatum dark concert — a show Joseph Deems Taylor Sceloporus occidentalis execute atomic number 85 hold out year. Sir Hiram Stevens Maxim testament obligate A political party Sabbatum with Cardi B and brand Malone, spell Dave St. Matthew band and Sunshine State Empire State of the South furrow leave as well have concerts that night. It's the same Clarence Shepard Day Jr. stag Dogg leave dj Playboy's heavy biz Weekend company (he testament also bear amp screening Fri for his fresh Netflix show, "Coach Snoop.") Eugene Curran Kelly Clarkson and Sheila E. leave execute concerts leading of the exceedingly trough on Sunday, piece Diddy, dj Khaled, Gallic Montana, Cardi B, G-Eazy and Busta rime will perform atomic number 85 the low yearly player chunk Extravaganza after the game.