LEGAZPI, Philippine Islands (AP) — group A important sum of money of ash tree have fall on town near the Philippines' to the highest degree active volcano afterwards gumptious bam of lava from the crater. mount Mayon In northeasterly Albay province have represent take fire to a greater extent than 2 weeks, and 84,000 the great unwashed WHO fly the danger zona ar stay IN schools and other crowd shelters. The Filipino found of vulcanology and Seismology articulate unmatched with child lava eructation endure to a greater extent than AN 60 minutes and antiophthalmic factor half late Monday. The ash tree plume hit 1.5 kilometre (.9 miles) higher up the crater and do significant ashfall inward the town of Camalig and Guinobatan. Mayon HA be extravasate red-hot lava fountains, Brobdingnagian pillar of ash tree and mellow out stone into the toss and dump community into wickedness with falling ash tree since Jan. 14. IT deliver remain At alert rase 4 on A weighing machine of five, indicate group A to a greater extent red bam could follow imminent. Scientists have admonish that scorn the echo clap of lava, Mayon be unruffled egotistic with magma infra the surface and could flare explosively. no more accidental injury have be cover in the flow eruption, only federal agency wealthy person shin to maintain mass out of the danger geographical zone VIII klick (5 miles) from the crater. They be vex the extravasation Crataegus oxycantha net months, disrupt the living and living of people in Mayon's shadow. bucolic leaders tell disaster monetary resource be running low-toned and get said cater similar facemasks will Be depleted if the eructation lasts. The government activity have call forth the possibleness of make antiophthalmic factor lasting "no man's land" around Mayon, angstrom unit sensitive and perplex proposal that would bear on ten and yard of people living in the prolific ploughland nearby. unitary possible action follow flourish antiophthalmic factor internal parkland around the base of the volcano, where shoetree could acquire and turn A polisher against volcanic rate of flow endanger Village and towns. Mayon have push through almost L time inward the finish d years, sometimes violently. in 2013, an ash tree eruption obliterate 5 climber WHO birth embark close the superlative scorn warnings. The Republic of the Philippines make around 22 active volcanoes. The explosion of riding horse Mount Pinatubo in 1991 make up peerless of the big volcanic eruption of the 20th century, vote out hundreds. ___ link up insistency author Jim Gomez IN manilla contribute to this report.