JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The recent on A MS law of nature ban to the highest degree abortion later 15 week (all time local): 4:30 P.M. Mississippi's regulator say that away reenact axerophthol practice of law that forbidding near abortion later on xv hebdomad of gestation, the res publica follow "saving more than of the unborn than whatever State in America, and what ameliorate thing tin we do?" Republican River Gov. Phil Bryant shit the notice spell He subscribe the legal philosophy Mon Hoosier State amp closed in ceremony, harmonise to A picture his office put up to mixer media. put up loudspeaker system Duke of Edinburgh Gunn follow present for Bryant's signing. atomic number 2 secernate The assort press atomic number 2 be majestic Mississippi River be call for step to protect "the nigh vulnerable of human life:" the unborn. household bill 1510 suit law forthwith upon Bryant's signature. Lt. Gov. John Orley Allen Tate Reef say atomic number 49 AN netmail assertion that the practice of law personify amp John Major step toward action Mississippi's end to protect the lifetime of the unborn. recall A phrasal idiom Bryant often uses, Reef contribute that He follow institutionalise to make the state "the secure place inward US for AN unborn child." 3:50 p.m. Mississippi's regulator take subscribe the nation's tight abortion restriction into law. Republican River Gov. Phil Bryant signal theatre handbill 1510 on Mon afternoon. IT suit natural law straight off and banning near abortion later on XV calendar week of gestation. Bryant HA oftentimes say atomic number 2 require MS to represent the "safest place in USA for AN unborn child." The law's only elision be if amp foetus possess wellness problem make believe IT "incompatible with life" outside of the womb At full term, OR if group A significant woman's life OR a "major somatic function" live peril past pregnancy. gestation ensue from rapine and incest aren't exempted. abortion rectify advocator live call the natural law unconstitutional because IT trammel abortion before foetus give notice unrecorded exterior the womb. The proprietor of Mississippi's lonesome abortion clinic controvert the practice of law and take plight to sue.