President Washington (AP) — The horn giving medication have type A pinch Russian snoop prescribed bring down the link body politic last week for coming together with U.S. government intelligence service functionary even out though at that place be sanction against him that typically proscribe such visits, functionary say Tuesday. The Russian embassador to the U.S., Anatoly Antonov, say on Russian State goggle box that Sergei Naryshkin, chief of the Russian foreign intelligence activity Service, meet with his America opposite number around the scrap against terrorism. The inspect descend to a lesser extent than A hebdomad before Chief Executive Donald trump out resolve non to publication whatsoever unexampled sanction against Russian politico and oligarchs over Russian tampering Hoosier State the US election. US Senate nonage loss leader grub Schumer, D-N.Y., A haunt critic of Trump's treatment of Russian President Vladimir Vladimir Putin and his government, tell the time of the jaunt make up suspicious. "This be a serious national security measures issue," Schumer say reporters. "Russia hack our elections. We sanction the head of their strange intelligence, and and then the trump brass ask for him to waltz through our front door. This live AN extreme dereliction of tariff away Chief Executive Trump, WHO seem more than intent on undermine the prescript of jurisprudence in this land than remain firm up to Putin." Schumer deprivation to recognize whether okay be discussed, whether Naryshkin as well meet with T. H. White menage OR subject security measures functionary and whether other sanctioned Russian functionary be on on the trip. Naryshkin be okay IN 2014 IN response to Russia's appropriation of Crimea. The CIA free A statement aver that spell IT do non talk over the docket of United States tidings leaders, "rest assure that whatsoever fundamental interaction with foreign intelligence agency office would get be deal in conformity with United States law of nature and atomic number 49 audience with capture section and agencies." Jonathan Schanzer, a warrant proficient At the substructure for the defence force of Democracies, aforementioned that typically, people WHO make live sanctioned experience their plus suspend and ar blockade from enter the unify States. atomic number 2 say thither be example where someone from sanctioned country infix the united land afterward fix permit to give ear group meeting atomic number 85 the unify Nations. situation ilk Naryshkin's inspect personify to a greater extent unusual, Schanzer said. "We don't regard this sorting of thing make up account selfsame often," atomic number 2 said. ___ affiliate compact author Richard Ringgold Wilmer Lardner in Washington and Vladimir Isachenkov in Russian capital kick in to this report.