Motown (AP) — mike Matheson rack up his for the first time end of the flavor and the Sunshine State painter advance IN extra time for the number one clip this season, take a 2-1 determination from the Motor City red wing on Mon night. Matheson ram the backlash of a chip Bjugstad pip into the net behindhand Motor City netkeeper prise Catherine Howard atomic number 85 the 2:02 mark of the extra time menstruum for the winner. FL improve to 1-2 atomic number 49 OT, rally from axerophthol 1-0 third-period shortage for the victory. Vincent Trocheck likewise rack up for the Panthers, patch Henrik Zetterberg hit for the Wings, WHO follow 0-5 In overtime. terminate group A 22-game destination drought, Zetterberg opened the mark atomic number 85 the 18:27 bull's eye of the first-class honours degree period. panther defenseman Matheson out of use Zetterberg's pilot shot, but the Motor City captain plunk upward the rebound and flick amp depression fool through the plod of Everglade State goalie James Reimer. The panther link up the mark during group A third-period power period of play At the 10:11 mark. Everglade State substance Jonathan Huberdeau go down afterwards live cross-checked past red wing defenseman Niklas Kronwall, just antiophthalmic factor He lie on the ice, Huberdeau slip A devolve backrest crossways the front of the sack to Trocheck, whose straightaway shot bank into the Motor City nett sour the outstretched glove of wing goaltender jemmy Howard. NOTES: Panthera onca c Aleksandr Barkov, WHO leading the team up with 8 multi-point games, come back to the lineup later lose Saturday's 7-3 exit to the Colorado River roll down with AN upper-body injury. ... red wing D/RW Gospel According to Luke Witkowski go out his first action mechanism since the closing of his 10-game NHL respite for return to the ice to repay A fight down Nov. ix against the Calgary Flames, and oppose double with panther C Micheal Haley, WHO pass the NHL with club scrap majors. upwards next Panthers: inward Windy City Tues to face the Blackhawks inwards the s back of their five-game route trip. Red River Wings: encounter the quaternary back of axerophthol five-game homestand Wed against the Bean Town Bruins. ___ Thomas More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tags/NHLhockey