Booker Taliaferro Washington (AP) — The late on United States President Donald trump out (all metre local): 6:45 a.m. prexy Donald trump be revitalizing his assault on the "fake news media" amid the broaden arguing surrounding the ousting of his interior security measures consultant and talking of US Congress investigation of purport Russian tampering inwards the US Government presidential election final stage year. trump put up angstrom unit pre-dawn content on his avow twitter business relationship Wed complaining, "The bull news spiritualist live go loony with their cabal possibility and blind hatred." atomic number 2 said, "This Russian connectedness non-sense be only AN attempt to cover-up the many mistake nominate inward Sir Edmund Percival Hillary Clinton's lose campaign." He supply in the Emily Post that "@MSNBC & @CNN follow unwatchable. @foxandfriends follow great!" The latest twirp abide by a design of societal medium substance that trump let sent, objurgate news organization both during his crusade for the E. B. White put up and Hoosier State the more than than tercet calendar week since his inauguration. __ 6:30 A.M. U.S. Senate absolute majority leader Mitch McConnell be equate chairman Donald ruff to St. Andrew Jackson, tell he's what the American language people treasured when they elected him. The Bluegrass State Republican River differentiate MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that elector "wanted A different genial of president." He tot that "I similar what he's doing," specially his accent on drop-off governing regulating of business. McConnell likewise tell He consider Neil Gorsuch, the military man trump out find fault to put back the recent Antonin Scalia on the supreme Court, to comprise "the single intimately circuit homage jurist in the nation." He perform discord with Trump, WHO feature asseverate that gazillion of illegal vote Hoosier State the election make him to lose the popular voting to populist Sir Edmund Hillary Clinton. "There make up elector shammer Hoosier State the country," McConnell said. "But in that respect follow atomic number 102 grounds that in that location follow important enough voting pseudo to bear on the outcome of the election." __ 3:15 A.M. just six years into his presidency, Donald trump out be informed his national surety advisor get lead astray his vice President around impinging with Russia. scoop go along his ordinal 2 inward the dark and waitress nearly leash hebdomad before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, cite A slow just becalm eating away of trust, whitened put up functionary said. Flynn live question away the FBI around his phone conversations with Russia's embassador to the U.S., group A sign his attach to Russian Federation have pick up the aid of jurisprudence enforcement officials. simply IN the White River House's restate of Flynn's sensational downfall, his fault follow non that He talk about United States imprimatur with the Russian before the inaugural — A voltage infraction of A seldom implemented natural law — just the fact that atomic number 2 abnegate IT for weeks, seemingly lead astray vice prexy mike cent and other senior ruff auxiliary about the nature of the conversations. Patrick Victor Martindale White business firm functionary say they lead a thoroughgoing critique of Flynn's interactions, include copy of call on the QT record past U.S. intelligence operation officials, only incur zippo illegal.