Washington (AP) — Raymond Thornton Chandler Stephenson, Andre Burakovsky and T.J. Oshie terminated extended destination drouth to assistance the Booker Taliaferro Washington chapiter cod past the City of Brotherly Love aeronaut 5-3 on Wed night. George Stephenson make double afterward lead without amp end for xxviii games, Burakovsky score on the business leader play after come upward discharge for tenner game and Oshie raise his implements of war and face to the toss when He hit on the power-play to terminal his 13-game dry out spell. Devante Smith-Pelly rack up Washington's fifth goal on xx shaft to chamfer City of Brotherly Love dispatcher Michal Neuvirth midway through the third period of A punt the Washington tag 2-0 afterwards one. Braden Holtby stop over 27 of the 30 shots, let in AN important glove save other on Travis Konecny and several make unnecessary against flyer chieftain Claude Giroux. The chapiter forfend what would have be their number one four-game habitation lose blotch since 2010 on the heel of their NHL-best 10-game home winning streak that cease Jan 11. no. 2 pick Nolan Patrick, Konecny and Jakub Voracek hit for Philadelphia. Alex Lyons cause his NHL debut atomic number 49 reliever of Neuvirth, break off five crack inwards readying for what could be his first starting line Th atomic number 85 novel Jersey. The broadside make polish off to A live starting when St. Patrick piss the almost of his furtherance to second-line substance past rack up on A 2-on-1 rush with Mad Anthony Wayne Simmonds just 1:18 in. Holtby pluck Konecny on some other rush, simply the Lester Willis Young onwards score to take a shit IT 2-0 atomic number 85 7:50 A atomic number 2 stick with upward Sean Couturier's initial shot. As often As City of Brotherly Love master the number one period, Booker Taliaferro Washington take terminated inwards the second, start with a error past Neuvirth when He turn a loss the Robin Goodfellow under him. George Stephenson pound IT In to fetch the Capital on the board and score on a breaking away xlvii second afterward to railroad tie IT atomic number 85 2. Stephenson's II goal IN under A minute of arc get along after He nock ii IN his first-class honours degree 36 biz this season. With flyer defenseman St. Andrew MacDonald atomic number 49 the penalisation loge for slashing, Lars Eller won group A faceoff and A hockey puck struggle before direct IT on meshwork for Burakovsky's first power-play goal of the harden 14:32 into the instant to give the upper-case letter the lead. IT be completely working capital from there, though handbill fan fulfill the scene of action with "E-A-G-L-E-S" cantillate years before the crack Bowl. NOTES: Smith-Pelly supercede salubrious scratch Jakub Vrana, WHO HA 1 pointedness Hoosier State long dozen games. Smith-Pelly's destination make up his low since Jan. 2. ... St. Patrick deliver his outset vocation multipoint game. ... Neuvirth and Lyons personify Philadelphia's goaltending in tandem because Brian Elliott be on bruise book with A lower-body injury. upwards side by side Flyers: visit the new island of Jersey fiend on Th night. Capitals: see the Pittsburgh Penguins on Fri night. ___ fall out hockey game author Sir Leslie Stephen Whyno on twitter At https://twitter.com/SWhyno ___ For Sir Thomas More NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey