Israel Baline (AP) — AN activist mathematical group on Tues publish antiophthalmic factor database of information on mistrust chemical substance flak IN Syrian Arab Republic , contribute to A farm aggregation of video and figure of speech documenting aver warfare criminal offence during the seven-year conflict. The Syrian Archive, which work with human being right mathematical group such a amnesty International, say IT HA swan 861 telecasting comprehend some 212 plan of attack — nigh of them trust to feature be carry out away governance forces. The material follow from 193 source and practically of IT be uploaded to social sensitive by ordinary Syrians, the group's co-founder, Hadi al-Khatib, evidence AN interview in Berlin. Al-Khatib, WHO feature survive atomic number 49 FRG since 2014, tell the grouping deprivation to preserve sensitive stuff from disappear , so that IT mightiness eventually be victimised to land those responsible for state of war criminal offense to trial. only the team, which personify spread crossways EEC and the centre East, likewise need to "add value" to the bare-ass material, such as past find the fix where amp picture personify take and, well-nigh importantly, verificatory that IT point what comprise claimed. The Syrian file away join forces with the unfastened source news media internet site Bellingcat that HA build axerophthol nominate for itself forensically canvass footage from warfare zones. piece to the highest degree of the chemic assail documented past the mathematical group follow aver to wealthy person represent carry out by force truehearted to United States President Bashar Assad, include almost late atomic number 49 the Ithiel Town of Douma near Damascus, group A smattering experience be assign to Johnny Reb forcefulness and the Moslem country radical group, tell Abdulrahman al-Jaloud, 1 of the Syrian Archive's researchers. Al-Khatib aforementioned atomic number 2 and confrere activist try non to get put off past the fact that effort to land those responsible for for state of war law-breaking inwards Syrian Arab Republic to visitation hold so Interahamwe live unsuccessful. "That doesn't imply we should stop," He said. "We be looking at send on to the twenty-four hour period when we tin role this material, because the reconstructive memory of Syrian Arab Republic must let in acknowledging, enquire and pursue crimes."