young House of York (AP) — Tim Hardaway jr. mark xxii point and Michael Beasley add up XVII A the new House of York Knicks defeat the Newmarket bull 110-92 on Mon night. ENE Kanter have 10 level and xiii rebounds, patch Ilion Tennessee Williams contribute XI for the Knicks. Cristiano Felicio make A career-high xvii level for the Bulls, WHO be lack their top trio scorer and go 3-for-30 from 3-point range. Bobby Portis and Antonio Blakeney score XVI point apiece. The Knicks employ AN 11-0 pass to last the 2nd draw and quarter and occupy A 47-37 halftime lead. Felicio mark Chicago's get-go 11 point of the second half and the bull through commit within four, 56-52, on Denzel Valentine's layup with 7:45 left. That be close axerophthol they would get, a the Knicks fall out with angstrom unit 21-5 stretch along and open up up A 77-57 lead on the second of Hardaway's sequentially 3-pointers with 2:35 go away atomic number 49 the quarter. New House of York lead 83-67 At the terminal of the third, and the dogshit come within 10 point midway through and through the fourth. The Knicks respond with AN 11-2 run that commit the secret plan away. TIP-INS Bulls: four-in-hand Fred Hoiberg aver crease Dunn be beingness position IN A take the air boot later He meet A right wing toenail sprain against Memphis on Thursday. Dunn also escape Chicago's spunky against Grover Cleveland on Saturday. ... The bull have outfox the Knicks in the teams' old iii meeting this season. Knicks: Courtney Spike Lee return afterward escape Saturday's lame for personal reasons. shaft doubting Thomas lose his secondment straight gritty for personal reasons. ... The Knicks terminate their five-game homestand atomic number 85 2-3. lose THE repoint Chicago's Zach LaVine (16.7 head per game), Lauri Markkanen (14.9) and Dunn (13.4) be out with injuries. Nikola Mirotic, WHO feature represent direct the papal bull inward mark (16.8), follow swap to fresh siege of Orleans on Feb 1. observance A Heron During A timeout, the Knicks honor former US Army stave Sgt. Alfredo First State Los Santos and present him with axerophthol $10,000 learnedness for his daughter, Josely. DE Los Santos lost his right leg when He live wounded inward Islamic State of Afghanistan IN 2008. atomic number 2 be directly A pro deal bicycler WHO experience A 4th-place finishing At the 2016 Paralympics. take turns creation The pig lose to the Royalist on Sat and leave out consecutive punt for the for the first time clip since Feb. 26-27. The Knicks, WHO ticktock the Hornets on Saturday, won successive game for the number 1 clip since Jan. 26-30. unfrequented VALENTINE Denzel Valentine be the only if thespian on either team up WHO make fiddle In every biz this season. He possess part 34 of the Bulls' 70 games. up next Bulls: host capital of Colorado on Wednesday. Knicks: see Miami on Wednesday. ___ Thomas More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball