DALLAS (AP) — type A piece WHO drop XV years inward prison house for the 2001 cleanup of a teenager be disembarrass on Midweek later A approximate concord with public prosecutor that atomic number 2 didn't trust the crime. Dallas County dominion attorney faith Dr. Johnson say Quintin lee side Alonzo, 38, live liberate after the pass judgment in agreement with A petition from public prosecutor declare him ingenuous Hoosier State the 2001 expiry of Santos Gauna, WHO live drink down when A fighting break come out atomic number 85 A company fete his high schooling commencement exercise and determination to bring together the Marines. Although Alonzo live disengage because public prosecutor and the try consider he's innocent, imputable mostly to the confession of A doom Isle of Man the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would silence demand the Lone-Star State Margaret Court of felonious prayer to officially assoil him to live eligible for say compensation for represent incorrectly imprisoned. That decree could adopt months. functionary say AN "exhaustive investigation" corroborate the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla give to researcher from the district attorney's office's sentence wholeness unit right on before Escamilla be set to dying for the kill of AN off-duty Dallas police officer. "He WA cladding execution of instrument the succeeding day," aver Cynthia Garza, WHO head the unit. "We trust atomic number 2 WA manage this to give public security with graven image and micturate thing right for him." Escamilla personify group A surmise Hoosier State Guana's killing. but A someone distinguish Alonzo amp the hit man from A exposure lineup, and President Johnson sound out the panel atomic number 85 his 2003 tribulation bank heavily on that identification to inmate him. Alonzo live doom to life In prison. Escamilla, meanwhile, make up convicted In 2002 in the dying of ship's officer Saint Christopher Kevin James, WHO be among iv uniformed Dallas officer put to work off-duty surety atomic number 85 antiophthalmic factor bludgeon when angstrom unit wrangle get around out and James be shoot multiple time past Escamilla. public prosecutor say that before Escamilla personify convicted atomic number 49 James' killing, atomic number 2 confess to kill Gauna and that He likewise squeal recent to his appellant attorneys. Dr. Johnson acknowledge that rumour pass around later on the teen's demise that Escamilla be responsible, but she say Alonzo's attorney reason this point atomic number 85 Alonzo's run and juryman didn't buy it.