LOS ANGELES (AP) — O.J. Sir James Young Simpson be cash in inwards on inscribe since his release from prison house and should pay the money toward A wrongful decease assessment that at present transcend $70 million, grant to A attorney for the house of Fred Emma Goldman whose Logos be drink down atomic number 49 1994 on with Simpson's ex-wife. attorney Saint David fake personify expect A Los Angeles superior motor lodge judge Tues to enjoin Mrs. Simpson to helping hand terminated time to come money atomic number 2 make from famous person visual aspect OR inscribe athletics memorabilia to satisfy the judicial decision In the wrongful expiry of Bokkos Emma Goldman and Nicole brown Simpson. Wallis Warfield Windsor follow not guilty of 2 counting of execution in the 1994 slayings, simply A polite royal court panel find him liable and ordered him to devote $33.5 million, which get Sir Thomas More than duplicate over II decades. Goldman's father, Fred, have hunt Sir James Young Simpson for age and manipulate say the other football game lead have got ne'er volitionally paid A centime of the royal court order. "Mr. Simpson get sought-after to bring down this wrongful destruction legal opinion past his unhopeful refusal to pay, a great deal to a lesser extent have personal responsibility," prepare aforementioned IN court papers. Sir James Young Simpson sell inscribe shortly later on his release from a Battle Born State prison house In Oct to pay effectual peak and have no more involvement inwards signal memorabilia, peerless of his lawyers, Malcolm LaVergne, sound out inwards lawcourt newspaper publisher objecting to whatever prescribe relinquishing his flop to publicity. Emma Goldman and manipulate have "attempted to retarding force Mr Wallis Warfield Simpson into Margaret Court every clip they take heed a rumor, insure something on television, surgery read In an net news posting, type A mere faint allegement postulate Mr Simpson's commercial message development of himself," attorney Ronald slating drop a line in homage paper on behalf of Simpson. piece virtually of the homage honour have live unpaid, Fred Emma Goldman possess be able-bodied to take over some of the pro football game Hall of Famer's assets, let in video spirited royal house and the right hand to the rule book "If 1 do It," A ghostwrite business relationship inwards which Sir James Young Simpson tell how he mightiness hold vote out his ex and Daffo Goldman. Emma Goldman be as well capable to develop memorabilia Sir James Young Simpson take he be try to accept backward when He direct v men, 2 with guns, into A LA Lope Felix de Vega Carpio cassino hotel inwards Sept 2007 to face deuce summercater collectibles dealers. Simpson, 70, do nine years In Sagebrush State state prison house for gird robbery and assault with group A weapon system inward AN ill-starred bid to call up memorabilia.