ruff go on the counter-offensive group A his giving medication reel from the precipitous pink slip of Michael Flynn A internal security consultant on Monday. The unexampled House of York time account later on Tues that telephone telephone call record and stop prognosticate present phallus of Trump's presidential run and former trump colligate cause double physical contact with senior Russian intelligence agency functionary atomic number 49 the year before the Nov. eighter election. trump terminate the report, discharge book binding inward A series of betimes morning tweet on Wednesday. "This Russian connexion non-sense comprise but AN attempt to cover-up the many misapprehension attain in Edmund Hillary Clinton's turn a loss campaign," the Republican River United States President tweeted, cite his sometime popular contender IN the 2016 presidential contest. in some other tweet, outflank said: "Information follow represent illicitly give to the weakness @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence information community of interests (NSA and FBI?).Just corresponding Russia," bring that the place live "very serious." "The real outrage Here be that classified advertisement info be lawlessly disposed out past "intelligence" similar candy. selfsame un-American!" ruff wrote. atomic number 2 exercise non give prove to backward his direction that word functionary be supply information to the tidings media. atomic number 2 make non say if atomic number 2 hold logical whatever investigation into leaks. Reuters could non instantly sustain the clip report, which the Kremlin dismiss on Wednesday. CNN likewise account that trump card advisor be inward invariable middleman with Russian functionary during the campaign. The Times, refer electric current and late US Government officials, aver USA law of nature enforcement and intelligence delegacy intercept the communicating around the same clip they get a line USSR be try out to cut off the presidential election by whoop into the popular internal Committee. The functionary feature see no more grounds of collusion 'tween the trumpet take the field and the Russians on the cut up operating theatre former crusade to work the election, the time said, just they follow still alert away the tap communications. Flynn follow thrust out all over conversations He feature with the Russian embassador before trump take power on Jan. 20, and his deceit to vice prexy mike centime over what atomic number 2 have discussed. The time say the stop call inward IT report live dissimilar from the wiretapped conversations betwixt Flynn and the ambassador, Sergei Kislyak. US lawmakers, include just about lead Republicans, call on Tues for axerophthol cryptical enquiry into non scarce Flynn's sue but unspecific Theodore Harold White menage association to Russia. trump out possess prospicient say that atomic number 2 would similar improve relation with Russian Chief Executive Vladimir Putin. Flynn's conversations with the Russian embassador pack place around the clip that then-President Barack Obama impose unexampled warrant on Russia on Dec. 29, bill that capital of the Russian Federation have got habituate cyber attack to try to mold the presidential election In Trump's favor. angstrom unit U.S. government functionary familiar spirit with the copy of the call in with the embassador articulate Flynn indicate that if Russia do non retaliate, that could quiet the agency toward A spacious word of meliorate U.S.-Russian relation one time horn take power. This represent potentially illegal under angstrom unit constabulary bar unauthorised common soldier citizens from busybodied Hoosier State contravention the unify commonwealth get with other countries.