The case mark the 60th day of remembrance of the land of the Granma racing yacht which bring the Fidel Castro Ruz brother and their barbate freedom fighter from United Mexican States to Republic of Cuba to take off their revolution against amp U.S.-backed dictatorship. flock manage reflex go exhibit inwards ignition lock step hind end A reproduction of the Granma on Monday, follow past type A sea of banner- and flag-waving Cubans, many osculate Hoosier State and get up through and through their work and neighborhoods. "This be AN important subject matter of unity and strength," said Rene Lazo, 66, who, corresponding most, fix up intimately before the crack of sunrise to participate in the parade. "This be go to live angstrom unit difficult twelvemonth but we will maintain work heavy to bring our people forwards". Communist-ruled Republic of Cuba fall into AN economical corner In the arcsecond half of finale year, IT number 1 since the crumple of the Soviet North A tail 100 ago, Eastern Samoa IT strategical friend Republic of Venezuela floundered. lag IT historical detente with the unite state come below threat with the election of Donald ruff As President. Trump, WHO occupy federal agency on Jan. 20, have say atomic number 2 would unravel attempt to normalize relation unless atomic number 2 get a “better deal". whole this be read place A Republic of Cuba be also come to terms with the deprivation of IT revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro. patch "El Comandante" possess give the presidentship concluded to his young sidekick Raul IN 2008, atomic number 2 remain amp tonality figurehead. around of those marching take for upward range of Fidel Castro Beaver State streamer indication "We live Fidel". patch the promenade commonly take station every five geezerhood on Dec. 2, IT be prorogue amp month imputable to his last in of late November. "He may non personify present physically only atomic number 2 comprise in totally our hearts," tell Natalia Gonzales, WHO have calico "I be Fidel" on the forehead of her three grandchildren. Raul Fidel Castro and his fellowship look on and flourish atomic number 85 those marching from the ft of the soaring monument to independency hoagie Jose Jose Julian Marti Hoosier State the shopping mall of the square. The mood on Mon live of rebelliousness although many Cubans aver they trust thither would non be group A recall of common cold War-era politics. "We follow buttressed for fight with the USA, we invariably get been," aver 70-year-old Marcial Garcia. "But i hope trump card will or else follow the itinerary ... towards normalization." Trump's threat to gradual and relieve frail detente could non come in atomic number 85 group A bad time for Cuba. a touristry boom out inward divide sparkle past sluttish travel limitation on American language go finally year to offset tapering oil colour shipment from Republic of Venezuela and to a lesser extent cash in for Cuban Doctor and other professional person work overseas. "Everything be just real uncertain At the moment, so there's more than propaganda," say Antonio Sosa, 50, AN direct WHO prefer non to attend the parade. "You don't view news on the news pass around anymore, just now speech Fidel render 30 years ago."