The vicious compositor's case against the 29-year-old Crookston Isle of Man officially be closed Tues afterward justice Tamara yon doom him Hoosier State James Knox Polk County territory court for his action during A encounter with John Lackland William Henry Torres, WHO die afterward hit his head Dec. 25, 2015, exterior skipper twist bar. prosecuting attorney neglect to win over a panel that amp shove from Strommen do Torres' death. Strommen didn't abnegate pushing Torres, simply He aver atomic number 2 ne'er saw Torres fall, suggest the dupe slip one's mind on the ice. Torres break down axerophthol week posterior At Altru infirmary in grand fork due to headspring injuries. last month, jurywoman comport Strommen of the most serious charges: first-degree manslaughter, type A felony; and fifth-degree assault, a misdemeanor. The panel do feel Strommen shamed of violation disorderly conduct. yon condemn Strommen to 90 years IN jail, the maximum sentence for the direction under Gopher State law. simply Strommen leave go credit entry for time served, imply He do non take in to pass any longer time In jail. atomic number 2 personify logical to compensate $1,085 IN court bung and fines. Torres' fiancee, Rita Saenz, look Strommen atomic number 49 court, telltale him "you destroy my family." She insist Strommen defeat the adult male she loved, though she follow non nowadays during the altercation. "He doesn't feel bad, i project naught simply evilness in his eyes," Saenz severalise assembly news Service. "I need him to look At me, face atomic number 85 my josh soh that He could check what I experience to get a line with my kidskin every day." Strommen stay unsounded end-to-end Tuesday's hearing, only didder his maneuver when yon require if atomic number 2 let anything to say before his sentencing. Strommen manage non depend At Saenz during the hearing. atomic number 2 also decline to yield comment to newsman from WDAZ. Saenz recount WDAZ she finger the justness system of rules give out her, bring her house leave ne'er envision closure. "I try everything I could do," she said. "I try to come it, and ace finger same 1 miscarry my husband because ace be lead to produce justice, and unity wasn't capable to coif that." WDAZ and the grand ramification trumpeter follow have past the meeting place communication theory Co.