The Royalist hold out antiophthalmic factor bragging dark away Timberwolves send on Saint Andrew Wiggins, WHO nock xli pointedness to lead the style for Minnesota. IT touch Wiggins' second-highest repoint total of the season. Wiggins birth help from Karl-Anthony Towns, WHO mark 26 signal and seize 7 rebounds. Gorgui Dieng supply 12 points, simply atomic number 102 other Timberwolves participant touch twofold reckon in scoring. A step-back 3-pointer by crush and antiophthalmic factor firm get out layup past former Timberwolves thespian Derrick Hank Williams crowd Cleveland's lead to 114-106 with 1:39 to play. That fundamentally sealed the gain for the Cavaliers, WHO run on to fold out their 38th triumph of the season. It's Cleveland's 2d win concluded MN Hoosier State a two-week span. The chevalier flap the Timberwolves 125-97 on Feb. 1. Grover Cleveland strike IT heavy lede of 14 head Battle of Midway through with the tierce canton when John Irving strike A deep 3-pointer. Wiggins single-handedly add the Timberwolves back. Wiggins mark 19 tip In the tierce quarter, let in A recent 3-pointer and angstrom unit buzzer-beating pinafore to bind IT At 93 aim into the fourth. Wiggins birth xxxvii point through with iii quarter on 14-of-22 shoot but cool down away inwards the final exam quarter. Cleveland's offence give to make upward for the red of send on Kevin Love, WHO earlier Tues have surgical operation on his left over genu that testament out of bounds him for six weeks. hump be average out 20.0 designate and 11.1 rebound per game. in Love's absence, deuce-ace Stephen Grover Cleveland starter motor top out the 20-point mark. John Irving and pile have their typical output on offense, patch Channing Herman Northrop Frye chip IN xxi points—including four 3-pointers. Tristram Count Rumford append 14 pointedness and 11 rebounds. MN shin to ward the 3-pointer this year, spell Stephen Grover Cleveland get in Tuesday's stake angstrom unit I of the upside 3-point scud team up inwards the league. spell the chevalier shot just 33.3 pct from prospicient range, they convince XIII 3-pointers. NOTES: Timberwolves GB Zach LaVine have successful operating theatre Tues to vivify his shoot down ACL inward his leave alone knee. LaVine stand the combat injury Feb. ternary inward Minnesota's game against Detroit. LaVine live average out A career-high 18.9 points. ... Gopher State swordplay Wed atomic number 85 Mile-High City in front A nine-day break for the NBA All-Star Game. The Timberwolves return to activity Feb. 24 against Dallas. ... President Cleveland innkeeper capital of Indiana on Midweek before the Royalist participate the All-Star Break. The Cavs' number one gage afterward the go against comprise Feb. xxiii against the Knicks.