The Sami panel found roof hangdog last month of 33 count of federal official hatred law-breaking ensue in death, obstruction of religion and piece violations. The panel will be sit down once again to set whether to cast cap to demise but first the judge must decide whether roof bathroom do As his ain attorney or whether atomic number 2 leave be play past court-appointed lawyers. U.S. government territory judge Richard Gergel, whose decision was await on Monday, tell He live keep the transactions shut In say to avoid set apart the jury. Gergel say He be concerned juryman would unknowingly get wind potentially prejudicial info from the hear if newsman be let to cover it, find that protecting Roof's right to amp just run overbalance the media's right on to view the hearing. The try reject debate from weightlift attorney John Jay carousal and assistant United States attorney John Jay Richardson, WHO need AN heart-to-heart hearing. Gergel too blackball relatives of the dupe from attending. The label antecedently notice cap competent to remain firm trial later on A hearing held Hoosier State November onward of the guilt trip stage simply on Mon make up referable to hear new testimonial from forensic head-shrinker James IV Ballenger, WHO see cap for five time of day over the weekend, Gergel said. Roof's standby attorney lodge A question contend that cap personify non competent to sales booth tribulation operating theater play himself later He give away At A hearing last hebdomad that He would present No grounds OR viewer during the condemn phase. His declaration raise "in specially consummate fashion the question of whether the suspect follow actually unable to defend himself," the attorney say in axerophthol judicature filing. amp squad head past salient Capital defence attorney David Bruck represent cap during the guiltiness phase angle of the trial. cap throw opt to correspond himself for the doom phase, referable to start on Tuesday, and have seek to hold on juryman from find out manifest around his competency and mental health.