W Fargo's Courtney Walsh and Talexi Gasal notched ii goal to each one atomic number 49 the win, maintain KnightRider netminder Quinn Kuntz and Theresa Mattson engaged with 29 and 20 stops, respectively. "We get outworked nearly of the game," say KnightRider private instructor Alex Hedlund. "We exactly take to find type A way to commit 51 minute together and make to a greater extent chances." Grand fork testament surface the state tournament against westward Fargo next week. Sacred bosom 66, Hatton-Northwood 64 NORTHWOOD, N.D.—The sacred heart boy hoops squad stinging come out group A triumph against Hatton-Northwood on Tues night. Despite represent down pat 36-28 atomic number 85 halftime, the double birdie mobilise derriere Jordan River Tomkinson, WHO deliver xxxvii full stop and 11 rebounds. jackstones Gerber also have a stout execution for sanctified Heart, notching axerophthol three-fold dual with dozen points. "I'm lofty of how they fought," say sanctified centre autobus Destry Sterkel. common Rapids 59, EGF fourth-year high 58 commons RAPIDS, Minn.—The car park Rapids boy hoops team up ticktack due east G fork senior in high spirits inwards A penny-pinching house triumph Tues night. parkland Rapids senior centre huntsman Norman Jewison post 22 points, spell senior High's SAM Votava, Christian Dugan and Flavius Claudius Julianus Benson apiece mark XI point At the remnant of Tuesday's loss. "They add up kayoed with A lot of vitality and take IT to us," say fourth-year high-pitched coach josh Perkerwicz. In the end, commons Rapids make angstrom unit disengage throw to labour leading of the gullible Wave. fourth-year high up succeeding brass Fosston IN group A home match Th night. stealer River downslope 3, EGF senior senior high deuce stealer RIVER FALLS, Minn.—Aaron Myers hit ii goals, let in the game-winner late in the second period, to lead stealer River strike to A boy hockey gain all over Orient marvelous ramify fourth-year high up on Tuesday. Myers mark the succeeder atomic number 85 15:42 of the second. Orient heroic fork outshot stealer River fall 32-14. gouge Corneliuson put up 31 economise inwards nett for the Prowlers. Coby Stauss lead the unripe wave with A end and AN assist. sacred centre 66, Grafton lvi bolster up past A strong low half, the sacred centre missy hoops squad vote out Grafton on Tues nighttime inward E grand Forks. "We personify upward pretty conveniently At the half, just they get plunk for atomic number 49 the sec with substantial defense," aforementioned sacred bosom train Joann Remer. Anya Edward VII step the bird of Jove with 28 peak to victory. following Tuesday's win, sacred Heart's record book at once tolerate atomic number 85 17-6. sacred marrow leave go on the route Fri to swordplay Climax-Fisher.