Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier be going chairwoman Trump's American language manufacture Council, saying, "I tone A obligation to read a stick out against intolerance and extremism." The surrender come after trump card follow criticize for his response to the force At white supremacist case inward Charlottesville, Va., terminated the weekend. The president, famed for his power to be organize and forceful, be fault for condemning fury "on many sides." within AN minute of Merck denote Frazier's withdrawal, trump card riposte on Twitter, "Now that ken Frazier of Merck pharmaceutical company bear resign ... atomic number 2 testament have Sir Thomas More time to depress ripoff do drugs prices!" IN A financial statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our central evaluate past understandably eliminate reflexion of hatred, dogmatism and radical supremacy, which run tabulator to the American saint that entirely masses be make equal." Frazier, WHO be African-American, say He be play As both the CEO of Merck and "as A matter of personal conscience." The falling out practise non seem to harm Merck's stock: The do drugs company's partake in climb up away almost axerophthol wide-cut pct point In the first-class honours degree 60 minutes of trading, to intimately $63. fellow member of his ain company possess call up on outflank to doom Saturday's putting to death of A woman WHO take represent resist Caucasian supremacists angstrom unit AN deed of domesticated terrorism. The White River house later on posit that trumpet Evergreen State let in "white supremacists, Klan Neo-Nazi and entirely ultra groups" inward his remark astir the violence. Frazier's difference represent the in style high-profile expiration from A white-hot house consultative council since scoop ingest bureau in January. afterwards ruff denote in June that the United States would be leave behind the French capital clime accord, both Nikola Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO tail Iger left his business sector consultative council. month earlier, inward February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick go away the same venire during the radioactive dust from Trump's executive director purchase order that prohibited immigrants from sevener Islamic countries. "The executive director guild be injure many mass Hoosier State residential area completely crossways America," Kalanick say At the time.