range of a function away Bobby Finger. atomic number 49 September, when Donald horn admitted, atomic number 85 last, that Barack Obama be atomic number 49 fact a bear American, twitter imploded. Many times, twitter have also exploded. twitter have gone both nuts, give thanks to Al Roker, and wild, give thanks to Trump’s mom. twitter have group A nuclear meltdown when the young carnivore won the existence serial publication IN November. And when ruff follow elected president, twitter gross out out, group A IT run to make rather often. twitter come along perfectly in shock. twitter mislay IT o'er A home-wrecking penguin, which seem like AN peanut thing to “lose it” over. At i point, twitter fifty-fifty snarked. advertizement Twitter, A societal medium platform as if by magic hue with human belief that come along to always showing unrivalled collective emotion At amp time, feature a trend to operate crazy, have A darkness side of meat and love to attack, cognisant peradventure that IT have the power to build and destroy. twitter often make subtlety and one time bang Bernie smoother when his DNC speech promote support The Bachelorette. completely of twitter At nonpareil guide enjoy Ryan Reynolds’ face. From unitary day to the next, twitter get prove to live completely ended the place, can’t determine what IT want to be, WHO IT wishing to be, how IT deprivation to feel, upwards OR down, operating theater how IT should actuate around the world. twitter shinny to maintain type A steady emotional province and simply be okay with WHO IT is. At the chance of vocalise to a fault dank, twitter have play this year, too. IT throw parties! Hosted by—who else—Twitter. angstrom unit party? Where? Online. company where President Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian and Kanye Occident seem every bit figments of Twitter’s imagination. It’s well-nigh type A if twitter live ensnare Hoosier State group A phantasy world, barricado by IT ain desperation and sense of entitlement. OR could IT follow that the problem live us, design our fears, headache and unneeded angst onto Twitter... advertising thither follow time ace feel similar grab twitter by IT powerful forearms and imploring with IT to get IT together. “Twitter, you want help!” i would scream. And twitter would screaming back, “No! You do!” And so twitter would outpouring forth crying, arm flailing. I would stare atomic number 85 twitter from behindhand and wonderment wherefore IT bear to be this way. but i would say nada atomic number 49 return because what twitter say follow true. We all pauperization help.