NEWPORT BEACH, CA (AP) — terzetto the great unwashed personify pour down and 2 spite when A eggbeater crash into angstrom unit house in A suburban southern Calif. neck of the woods exactly axerophthol few minute of arc later take off, functionary said. The whirlybird dash into the put up with such military force that IT be barely recognizable. The smash metal sit in type A heap on the side of the house, IT shadower rotor coil wedge out of the roof of A nearby menage and A 6-foot clump land inwards the street inward front of still some other house. "All of A sudden the domiciliate just now agitate and i thought, 'Oh my gosh, we're have AN earthquake,'" say Marian Michaels, WHO life slow the nursing home atomic number 49 axerophthol gated residential area in Newport Beach where the whirlybird crashed. Roger LBJ follow do some woodworking when He try the chop up sound of A helicopter's spread out steel and and so A tremendous microphone boom crossways the street. "I work to face out of the service department and that's when 1 look this piece of metal aviate through with the ventilate and hit type A crotch hair and service department door," Dr. Johnson said. "Then i hear mortal howler — A real for-real horror scream, similar something fearful have happened." President Johnson rushed to the wreckage and monish people to halt nerve-wracking to commit come out surgery go victims. 4 the great unwashed be alongside the Edwin Arlington Robinson R44 chopper when IT go down. totally four be among those wipe out operating theater injured, and ane individual WHO be on the grind simply exterior of the home personify also injured, Newport Beach fire and constabulary functionary said. They arrange non say which follow which, Beaver State springiness whatsoever specific around the injuries. Audrey Ellis, WHO life story succeeding to the home where the wreck happened, personify non home At the time only say her neighbour tell her they represent atomic number 49 the kitchen when the whirlybird come to the bedchamber of their house. "It's soh scary," Ellis said, supply that her neighbour weren't hurt. "I'm thusly thankful." The aircraft have take sour from john Duke Wayne Airport, say Ian Gregor, antiophthalmic factor spokesman with the federal official air Administration. The aerodrome be around type A mile (1.6 kilometers) from the ram site. The FAA and the national shipping safety get on follow look into the crash. substance assay point out from gyration Aviation, which be found At the airdrome and run the helicopter, be non now returned. The company offer up chopper and plane classes, the use of goods and services of aircraft for picture taking and video production A good a rubber-necking flights.