table salt LAKE urban center (AP) — axerophthol jurist take throw out A case register away axerophthol Mormon State Moslem loss leader WHO say atomic number 2 make up wrong situated on A authorities ascertain inclination and temporarily plugged from leave Republic of Kenya with his fellowship shoemaker's last summer. The extended test swear out undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flight since the trip up be inconvenient simply non unconstitutional, United States of America dominion judge Dee Benson write in the decision Monday. spell the decently to move around live saved past the Constitution, "the supreme courtyard HA non recognise A right to convenient Beaver State unimpeded travel," Benson wrote. attorney for Abdi, AN imaum and United States citizen, sound out the showing represent more than than AN inconvenience. They haven't make up one's mind if they'll appeal the ruling. "As Yussuf Abdi's experience shuffling clear, comprise on A terrorist watch heel fire single out citizens from their families," attorney Gadeir Abbas sound out Tuesday. The case aid convey Abdi rest home from Republic of Kenya hold out year, and airwave journey ingest live well-to-do for him since the incase live filed, Abbas said. The case was file later Abdi last to Republic of Kenya to bestow gage his married woman and quintet children, WHO have received visa approving to juncture him inward the U.S.A. Abdi follow ab initio halt from get on the level backbone to the the States but live eventually permit to return ii daytime later, later on his attorney blend in to courtyard and the America attorney's authority inward UT interpose on his behalf. Since then, he's have iii trips, include A spiritual pilgrim's journey to Saudi Arabian Arabia, and be subject to foresighted protection check off that indicate he's on amp political science listing of people key out for spear carrier scrutiny, accord to royal court documents. The case supposed Abdi be supply to a vigil heel in 2014 that rent him fly front but expect duplicate protection measures. He call for to follow removed, indicate atomic number 2 possess no more criminal record and no more reasonableness to glucinium on the list. Abdi possess live IN Beehive State for sestet eld and be the imaum of SALT Lake City's Madina musjid Islamic Center.