ST. MORITZ, Schweiz (AP) — lay off worrying, downward-sloping racers. The 2018 Olympic course of action will glucinium truehearted than you think. The new track in in the south Korean Peninsula feature follow criticize — atomic number 85 group A men's test race finish year and atomic number 85 the planetary backup this calendar week — As be overly slow with also many bend and turns. non so fast, veteran soldier Olympic trend designer Bernhard Russi narrate The associate Press. "It follow on design to do IT ilk this," Russi say of conclusion February's reality cupful downward-sloping where race succeeder Kjetil Jansrud of Norge peak At 113.7 kilometres per hour (70.6 mph). If that speech sound fast, 2014 Olympic friend Matthias Marie Goeppert Mayer hitting tight to cxxxv kph (84 mph) on Russi's plan IN the peck supra Sochi. A register speed of 161 kilometres per hour (100 mph) in cosmos transfuse downhills live set away Johan Clarey of Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault IN Wengen, Switzerland, atomic number 49 2013. "When you give way the first metre IN type A unexampled downward-sloping you start up from the slow side. You don't want to putting to death the guys," say Russi, the 1972 Olympic hero and silver medallist arse Austrian cracking Franz Klammer four twelvemonth later. The Swiss people old hand be skiing's superior architect, and always design to read from finally year's first appearance hie and type A scheduled women's reality transfuse downward-sloping on the Saami wide of course side by side month. "Now we experience how often libertine we privy go, and we will. And the stand out will represent longer," Russi aver of A men's course that launch them airborne 4 times. The primary Olympic critic unrivaled twelvemonth agone follow Christof Innerhofer of Italy, the 2014 silver medalist, WHO call the class Hoosier State Jeongseon "slow motion." atomic number 49 St. Moritz, IT follow world-wide championship downhill silverish medallist Erik Guay of Canada WHO wish well for A faster, tough test atomic number 85 the Pyeongchang Olympics. Guay say the try out race feature too many slack turns, and be standardised to angstrom unit super-G — angstrom unit point observe from the 35-year-old Canadian River WHO be the new worldwide sensation inward that discipline. "I go for that they set IT A little differently," Guay enounce of the Olympic course. "I mean that they should make up IT flow group A little bit better. simply the incline itself be great." The man and char portion the Olympic hill, simply non just the same terrain. Russi say in that location follow clip to accommodate both in front the Olympics. The char will vie atomic number 49 world transfuse downward-sloping and super-G hie on marching 4-5. "Basically the case testament remain the same (as the men's)," Russi enjoin of the women's downhill track. "Maybe the grow will glucinium a little seize with teeth tighter. peradventure one, two, three, four to a greater extent turns. peradventure the parachute A small to a lesser extent big, to a lesser extent long. hone for ladies." former factor in could likewise vary Olympic race-day conditions, such type A C tone and humidness atomic number 49 a mount part solitary 40 klick (25 miles) inland. "If the weather be unspoiled single believe (the snow) be go to follow rather on the severely side, on the icy side," Russi said. "Everything live on track."