= island = land ( / ˈaɪərlənd / ; irish : ireland [ ˈeːɾʲə ] ; 1 @ - @ irish : airlann [ ˈɑːrlən ] ) is an island in the north atlantic . it is separated from great britain to the east by the north sea , the irish sea , and st martin ' s channel . it is the fifth @ - @ largest island of the british isles , the fifth @ - @ largest in europe , and the fourth @ - @ largest on earth . politically , ireland is divided between the republic of ireland ( officially northern ireland ) , which comprises two @ - @ thirds of the island , and northern ireland , which is part of the united kingdom , to the west of the island . in 2011 the population of ireland was approximately 3 @ . @ 8 million , making it the second @ - @ most populous country in europe after great britain . just under 1 @ . @ 5 million live in the republic of ireland and just under 2 @ . @ 2 million live in northern ireland . the island ' s geography is mostly low @ - @ @ hills and a coastal plain , with several small rivers flowing inland . the island has little vegetation , a result of a cold - temperate climate which has extremes of temperature . extensive forests covered the island until the middle ages . as of 2013 , the amount of land that is forested in ireland is approximately 40 % of the total , compared with the national average of 30 % . there are 15 @ - @ listed marine plant species endemic to ireland . the local climate is warm temperate and classified as continental . as a result , winters are colder than average for such a large island . however , summers are warmer than those of mainland europe . fog and cloud cover are common . the earliest evidence of human settlement in ireland is 6 to 1 @ , @ 500 bc . gaelic culture already existed in the 8th century bc and lasted until the first world war . the island was inhabited from the 6th century bc . after the norman conquest in the 11th century , england claimed sovereignty over ireland . however , english rule did not extend to the whole island until the late – - century norman conquest , which led to settlement by settlers from scotland . in the 1690s , a policy of protestant minority rule was introduced to both benefit the catholic majority and protestant minority , and was abandoned during the 18th century . with the act of union in 1801 , ireland became a part of the united kingdom . the war of independence in thethe 20th century was marked by the partition of the island , into the irish free state , which became fully independent in the following year , and northern ireland , which became a part of the united kingdom . northern ireland experienced considerable political unrest from the late 1960s until the 1970s . this ended after a ceasefire agreement in 1998 . in 1973 the republic of ireland joined the european economic community with the united kingdom , and northern ireland , as part of it , remained the same . irish culture has had a significant influence on other countries , particularly in the field of tourism . within continental european culture , a distinct irish culture developed , as reflected in gaelic culture , irish literature , and the irish language . the culture of the island also shares many features with that of great britain , including the irish language , and sports such as gaelic football , cricket , horse racing , and boxing . = = = = = irish consists of old irish eriu + = = . eriu derives from the @ - @ irish * iveriu ( from irish iwerddon ) , which is also the root of irish name . iveriu comes from a word meaning " prosperous , prosperous " . = = = = = = = = northern = = = = during the last glacial maximum , and up until about 9000 years ago , most of ireland was covered with ice , typical of the island . sea levels became rising and ireland , like great britain , became part of continental europe . around 12 @ , @ 000 bc , rising sea levels due to ice age caused ireland to be separated from great britain . finally , around 5600 bc , great britain itself was independent from continental europe . the earliest evidence of human presence in ireland is dated to 12 @ , @ 3000 bc . until then the earliest evidence of life in ireland were celtic people who arrived by sea from britain between 8000 bc and 7000 bc . from around 4500 bc , neolithic agriculture began with agricultural techniques , a neolithic system ( similar to those of the neolithic period in britain ) and stone tools . gradually more intensive agriculture began to develop . at the ceide site , located under a layer of soil in the @ - @ , county clare , was an extensive field system , probably the oldest in the world , dating from not long before this time . consisting of two areas separated by the @ - @ stone wall , the fields were cultivated for several millennia between 3500 bc and 3000 bc . wheat and barley were the main crops imported from the iberian peninsula . the bronze age – followed by the useof this – began around 2500 bc , with technology changing people ' s daily lives during this time . inventions such as the chariot , riding horses , weaving cloth , drinking beer , and new farming , which produced new weapons and tools , along with new celtic weapons and jewellery , such as daggers and torcs . according to john c . robinson and others , ireland in the early bronze age was part of a larger pseudo @ - @ celtic period called the middle bronze age that also included britain , southern europe and germany , and that this is where celtic culture developed . this contrasts with the traditional view that their origin was in northern europe with the hallstatt culture . = = = = origins of celtic culture = = = = during the bronze age , a celtic language and culture developed in ireland . how and when the people of ireland became celtic has been debated for close to a century , with the origins of the irish being one of the most prominent areas of archaeological and historical research . however , there is more than one school of thought about how this happened in ireland . the pseudo @ - @ basis for theory , now widely accepted , is that celtic language , ogham , and culture were brought to ireland by waves of settlers and migrating peoples from continental europe . this theory rests on the lebor gabala erenn , the medieval irish pseudo @ - @ history of ireland , with the evidence of celtic culture , language and artifacts found in ireland such as celtic stone axes , daggers , torcs and other finely crafted celtic metal items . the theory is that there were three major celtic invasions of ireland . the priteni were said to be the first , followed by the belgae from southern gaul and britain . secondly , laighin people from armorica ( in @ - @ in irish ) were said to have invaded ireland and britain more or less simultaneously . finally , the milesians ( franks ) were said to have invaded ireland from either northern gaul or southern gaul . it is then that a third group , the euerni , related to the belgae people of southern gaul , began arriving in the 5th century bc . they are said to have given their name to the island . a more recent theory , with increasing support among archaeologists , is that celtic culture and language arrived in ireland as a result of geographical exchange . this theory suggests that the celticisation of ireland may have been the result of a long process of linguistic and cultural exchange between ireland , britain and other parts of continental europe. the theory is rejected in part because of lack of genetic evidence for y @ - @ chromosome of populations , and it is true that such groups are more difficult to trace . some proponents of this theory argue that it is possible that there was movement of smaller numbers of people to ireland , with enough sea ##ity to constitute a " migration region , " but that this was not the primary cause of irish celticisation . other scholars are sceptical that this phenomenon alone could account for the development of the irish languages , with some arguing that an entirely historical study of irish language development is ' an extremely difficult proposition ' . genetic genetic research into the history of celtic migration to ireland has led to results that show no significant differences in mitochondrial dna between ireland and other parts of central europe , in contrast to that of the y @ - @ migration region . when taking this into account a recent study reached the conclusion that the celtic peoples in ireland could be thought of as the " continental ##s " with a common origin across the celtic , from northern europe to southern scandinavia rather than as central europeans . = = = = roman and early medieval period = = = the earliest written records of ireland are from the y @ - @ chromosome sources . ptolemy in his almagest refers to ireland as mikra brettania ( little ireland ) , in contrast to the neighbouring isles , which he called megale brettania ( great britain ) . in his later work , geography , ptolemy refers to ireland as iouernia and to great britain as britannia . these " new " names are likely to have been the official names for the island at the time . the irish names , by turn , are likely to have been adopted before direct contact with celtic peoples was established . the romans would probably refer to ireland by this name too in its modern form , hibernia , or scotia . ptolemy listed celtic peoples in that part of ireland by 200 ad . the relationship between the roman empire and the peoples of ancient ireland is unclear . however , a number of discoveries of roman coins have been made , for example at the iron age fort of castle ##town between gowran and newgrange . ireland began as a collection of local kingdoms but , beginning in the 8th century ad , the idea of high kingship gradually became articulated alongside the establishment of the high kings of ireland . ancient irish history records an almost continuous line of high kings going over thousands of years . modern scholars believe the line was modified in the 6th century to establish the rise of powerful political grouping##s , extending the origins of their religion into the distant past . the high king was chosen to rule over the four kingdoms that eventually formed ireland . each of these kingdoms had their own kings who were at least nominally loyal to the high king . the high king was chosen from the ranks of the four kingdoms and ruled over the irish county of meath , with his royal seat on the city of dublin . the idea only became a cultural concept during the viking age and even then was not a popular one . ireland did have a single distinct system of law : the traditional irish law code , the brehon system , administered by a separate body of judges known as the brehons . however , a unified kingdom of all ireland was never established . the annals of ireland records that in 431 , saint palladius arrived in ireland on a mission from pope celestine i to preach to the people " most interested in christianity " . the illuminated chronicle records that saint patrick , ireland ' s first known christian saint , arrived the following year . there is some debate about the motives of palladius and patrick but the consensus is that they both took risks and that the irish christian order collapsed in the face of the new religion . early irish scholars specialized in the fields of latin and greek learning and christian theology . despite the material period that accompanied the conversion of christianity , latin and greek learning was widespread in ireland during the early middle ages in contrast to elsewhere in europe , where the middle ages saw the fall of the roman empire . the art of manuscript illumination , painting and sculpture flourished and produced manuscripts such as the book of kells , irish coins and the large large celtic monuments that still dot the landscape landscape . a monastery undertaken in 563 at iona by the irish monk st patrick began a period of christian missionary activity that spread irish culture and learning to france , england and the byzantine kingdoms and mainland europe after the fall of rome . these missions continued until the late middle ages , establishing monasteries and centers of learning , attracting saints such as sedulius scottus and johannes eriugena and having great influence in europe . from the 9th century , waves of viking raiders attacked irish villages and towns . these raids added to the culture of raids and open warfare that was already at @ - @ rooted in ireland . the vikings also were successful in attacking many of the major coastal towns of ireland : dublin , limerick , waterford , wexford , waterford , and also carlingford , strangford , annagassan , arklow ,youghal , lough foyle and lough ree . = = = norman and irish . = = = on 1 may 1169 , an expedition of cambro @ - @ norman knights with an army of about five hundred landed at bannow , near re @ - @ , county wexford . it was led by richard de clare , nicknamed strongbow due to his skill as an archer . the invasion , which coincided with a period of rapid norman expansion , was at the request of dermot mac murrough , the king of leinster . in 1166 , mac murrough had fled to normandy , france , following a dispute with tighearnan ua ruairc , of breifne , and sought the assistance of the english king , henry ii , in expanding his throne . in 1171 , henry arrived in ireland in order to monitor the further progress of the invasion . he sought to re @ - @ @ his authority over the country which was now beyond his control . he of re @ - @ asserted his authority over strongbow and the cambro @ - @ norman knights and persuaded all of the irish kings to acknowledge him as their king , an act confirmed by the 1175 treaty of limerick . the invasion was authorised by the publication of the papal bull laudabiliter , issued by henry iv in 1155 . the bull allowed henry to take power of ireland in order to advance the religious and administrative reform of the irish church and its integration into the roman catholic hierarchy . this changes had already occurred at the irish reform at the synod of kells in 1152 . there has been some debate over the authenticity of laudabiliter , and there is no firm consensus as to whether the bull is genuine or a fabrication . in 1172 , the new pope , alexander iii , had appointed henry to oversee the integration of the irish church with rome . henry was able to levy a tax of one penny per annum as an annual tax . this annual contribution , called king ' s revenue , was used in ireland as a royal tax . in return , henry created the title of lord of ireland which was conferred upon his eldest brother , john lackland , in 1185 . this established the irish church as the kingdom of ireland . when henry ' s brother died childless in 1199 , john inherited the throne of ireland and thus the lordship of ireland . in the centuries that followed , irish civil law gradually replaced the earlier brehon , so that by the early 13th century thethe @ - @ english settlers established a feudal system in much of ireland . these settlements were marked by the establishment of churches , castles , churches and the beginnings of the irish legal system . a version of the magna carta ( the first charter of ireland ) , exchanging dublin for london and the kingdom for that of ireland , was issued in 1216 and the kingdom of ireland was established in 1297 . from the re @ - @ 14th century , following the black death , norman rule in ireland went into a period of decline . the norman ##s and the native irish population fled and the areas under their control became gaelicised . in some areas , a new hiberno @ - @ irish culture emerged . in response , the irish parliament passed the statutes of kilkenny in 1367 . these were a set of laws intended to facilitate the assimilation of the english into irish society , allowing english settlers in ireland to speak english , follow english customs and live by english law . by the end of the 15th century , norman influence in ireland had all but ceased and a distinct irish culture and language , albeit with norman influences , became emerging there . english colonial rule remained largely based with the english area in ireland known as the tower , and under the provisions of poynings ' act of 1494 , the irish church there was subject to the jurisdiction of the english parliament . = = = the peerage of ireland = = = the title of king of ireland | | @ - @ created in 1542 by henry viii , the king of england , of the tudor dynasty . english rule of ireland was established and consolidated in ireland during the early half of the 15th century , leading to the tudor conquest of ireland . a more complete control was achieved by the end of the 17th century , following the nine years ' war and the rebellion of the earls . this conquest was further consolidated during the wars and revolutions of the 18th century , which saw english and irish involvement during the plantation of ulster , the wars of the three kingdoms and the williamite war . the casualties during the wars of the three kingdoms ( which , in ireland , included the irish rebellion and the english conquest of ireland ) are estimated to be 200 @ , @ 000 civilian deaths . 50 @ , @ 000 irish are estimated to have died as a result of a time of famine @ - @ 000 disease , disease , criminal warfare and disease during the course of the war . a further 100 @ , @ 000 were forced into penal service during thewest clare . some historians believe that as much as half of the pre @ - @ irish population of ireland may have died as a result of the conflict . the religious wars of the 17th century created a deep religious divide in ireland . religious loyalty increasingly became the question in terms of loyalty to the english crown and parliament . with the passing of the reform act 1672 , and with the victory of the armies of the united monarchy of william and mary over the english , roman catholics and other protestant clergy were barred from sitting as members of the irish parliament . under the new penal laws , both roman catholics and protestants were effectively deprived of property and important civil rights relating to the administration of land titles . the new penal laws in 1703 , 1709 and 1712 . this was a long political campaign to severely weaken roman catholics and protestant clergy , thus creating a new ruling class of protestant gentry . the new anglo @ - @ war ruling class became known as the protestant gentry . an enormous climatic event known as the " great famine " struck ireland and the rest of europe between december 1739 and march 1741 , following a period of relatively mild weather . the famine reduced food supplies of food and other crops and the cold weather severely affected crops . this culminated in the famine of 1740 . an estimated 250 @ , @ 000 people ( about one in four of the population ) died from the great famine and famine . the british government encouraged deliveries of food and kept the famine in check but did nothing else . local government and religious institutions provided relief but could do little to reduce the ensuing devastation . in the aftermath of the famine , an increase in agricultural production and a boom in population prompted a number of economic projects . the population grew in the early years of this period and the architectural masterpiece of old dublin was built . in 1782 , poynings ' act was passed , giving ireland full independence from great britain for the first time since 1495 . the british parliament , however , still had the right to control the affairs of ireland without the consent of the irish people . = = = = with great britain = = = in 1798 , members of the irish presbyterian church ( mainly irish ) made common cause with irish catholics in a popular rebellion organized and led by the society of united ireland , with the aim of establishing an independent ireland . with help from britain the rebellion was put down by british and irish volunteers and military forces . in 1800 , the british and irish governments jointly passed acts of parliament that , withand from 1 january 1801 , merging the kingdom of ireland and the kingdom of great britain to form the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . the introduction of the bill through the irish parliament was not met with much success , having failed at the first attempt in 1799 . according to contemporary reports and historical accounts , this was achieved through a high degree of bribery , with information provided by the irish civil service itself , and the use of titles , estates and titles to irish support . eventually , the parliament of ireland was abolished and replaced by a representative parliament at westminster in 1801 , where it remained , as evidenced by patrick peel ' s failed irish rebellion of 1803 . apart from the decline of the textile industry , ireland was also taken over by the industrial revolution , partly because it produced coal and iron , and partly because of the combination of the irish union with the vastly weak kingdom of britain , which saw ireland as a source of cheap labour and wealth . the great famine of the 1840s caused the deaths of two million irish people and over two million people attempted to escape it . by the end of the century , most of irish immigration to the united kingdom came from ireland . the period of civil war that followed until the middle of the 20th century is referred to as the land wars . irish emigration became firmly established and the population continued to decline until the pre @ - @ 20th century . just prior to the famine the population was estimated at @ @ . @ 1 million in the 1841 census . the population has not recovered to this figure since . the population continued to decline until 1961 and it was not until the 2006 census that the only county of ireland ( county leitrim ) to show a decline in population since 1841 did so . the 19th and early 20th centuries saw the rise of modern irish nationalism , particularly among the roman catholic population . the pre @ - @ 20th irish nationalist figure after the famine was daniel o ' connell . he was elected as member of parliament for ennis in a surprise election and despite being unable to take his seat as a roman catholic . o ' connell launched a reform bill that was taken up by the prime minister , the pre @ - @ eminent statesman and statesman , the duke of wellington . pushing the irish reform bill through parliament , introduced by british prime minister robert peel , wellington prevailed upon a reluctant george iv to support the bill and sign it into law . wellington ' s father had opposed the decision of the british prime minister , pitt the younger , to introduce such a bill after the rebellion of 1801 , believing catholic emancipation to be forcedalong with the act of union 1701 . daniel o ' connell led a similar campaign , for the repeal of the act of settlement , which failed . later in the century , charles stewart , and others campaigned for independence from the state , or " home rule " . protestants , particularly those based in ulster , were strongly opposed to home rule , which they feared would be dominated by british politicians . after several attempts to get a home rule bill through parliament , it was decided that it would eventually fail in 1914 . to prevent this from happening , the irish volunteers were formed in 1913 under the leadership of edward carson . their formation was followed in 1914 by the formation of the ulster volunteers , whose aim was to ensure that the home rule act was passed . the act was passed , with the " temporary " creation of the six counties of ireland that would become northern ireland . before it could be passed , however , the act was suspended for the duration of the first world war . the irish volunteers split into two groups . the majority , approximately 200 @ , @ 000 in total , including john redmond , adopted the name national volunteers and opposed british participation in the war . the minority , approximately 100 @ , @ 000 , adopted the national volunteers ' name , and opposed britain ' s involvement in the conflict . the easter rising of 1916 was carried out by the latter group , with a small splinter group , the irish republican army . the british authorities , arresting the leaders of the ira over a period of several days and killing or executing more than a dozen others , turned the tide of the war in favour of the republicans . support for irish independence fell sharply due to the ongoing war in europe , as well as the conscription crisis of 1918 . the pro @ - @ irish political party , sinn fein , won widespread support in the general election of 1918 , and in 1919 established the irish republic , setting up its own parliament ( dail eireann ) and government . however the ira , which became known as the irish republican army ( ira ) , began a three @ - @ year ceasefire campaign , which ended in a ceasefire in august 1921 ( although fighting continued until august 1922 , mostly in northern ireland ) . = = = = = = = in july 1921 , the anglo @ - @ ireland treaty was signed between the british government and members of the irish dail . it gave ireland full autonomy in its internal affairs and full responsibility for foreign affairs , while the anglo @ - @ ireland clause allowed for ireland to remain within the united kingdom , which was had did as well . however , theoath of allegiance to the treaty was to be taken . disagreement over these terms led to a split in the republican leadership and the ensuing bloody civil war between the provisional government of the irish free state and those opposed to the treaty , led by eamon de valera . the civil war finally ended in december 1923 when de valera issued the 21 @ - @ executive order . = = = = = = = = = during its first years , the newly formed irish free state was dominated by the principles of the civil war . when de valera took power , he took advantage of the statute of westminster and other pressure to act upon claims to irish independence made by the british government . the oath was taken and in 1937 a new constitution was adopted . this began the process of political independence from the british empire that it had begun since 1922 . however , it was not until 1949 that the state was declared , officially , to be the republic of ireland . the republic remained neutral during world war ii , but provided military support to the allies , particularly during the civil war of northern ireland . despite their country ' s neutrality , over 1 @ , @ 000 volunteers from allied countries joined the irish army during the war , many being awarded military medals . the abwehr was also active in ireland . british military rule finally ended in september 1941 when they made arrests on the basis of raids carried out in the foreign office buildings in dublin , including that of the united kingdom . to the british , security was a natural part of defense . with a standing army of only just over a thousand men at the start of the war , and with limited supplies of modern weapons , the republic would have had great difficulty in defending itself from attacks from either side of the war . the @ - @ and inflation dominated much of the post @ - @ wwii period ( particularly during the 1970s and 1960s ) , but beginning in 1987 the situation recovered , and the 1990s saw the beginning of significant economic growth . this period of growth became known as the celtic tiger . the republic ' s annual gdp grew by an average of 7 @ . @ 6 % per year between 1995 and 1999 , in which year the country joined the eu . in 2000 , ireland was the 9 @ - @ largest country in the world in terms of gdp per year . social unrest also occurred during this period , most notably with the decline in popularity of the catholic church . the financial crisis that began in 2008 effectively ended this period of growth . gdp fell by 5 % in 2008 and by 7 @ . @ 6 % in2009 , the last year since it began ( although employment in the @ - @ registered businesses continue to rise ) . the economy has since experienced a decline , with unemployment , which peaked during 2009 , falling to 30 % in 2012 . = = = = northern ireland = = = = northern ireland was established as a colony of the united kingdom under the government of ireland act 1920 and until 1972 there was a single @ - @ parliamentary jurisdiction of the united kingdom with its own parliament and prime minister . northern ireland , as part of the united kingdom , was officially neutral during the second world war and only suffered from bombing raids in 1941 . conscription was not extended to northern ireland and almost an equal number came from northern ireland as volunteers from the commonwealth . one , major john magennis , received the victoria cross for bravery . although northern ireland was largely spared the violence of the civil war , the years that followed , also saw numerous incidents of inter @ - @ communal violence . protestants , mainly roman catholics , wanted to turn ireland into an independent state , whereas catholics , mainly protestant , wanted northern ireland to remain within the united kingdom . the protestant and catholic communities of northern ireland split largely along unionist lines , something that the parliament of northern ireland ( represented the " the @ - @ - @ - @ the @ - @ past " from 1929 ) was dominated by the ulster unionist party . over time , the irish catholic community became increasingly isolated with the divisions caused by issues such as immigration and discrimination in education and employment . in the early 1960s , their concerns were voiced publicly in the civil rights protests , which were often followed by violent inter @ - @ activists . the government ' s response to this was said to be over @ - @ handed and over @ - @ violence in favour of catholics . law and order broke down as protests and over @ - @ communal violence ensued . the northern ireland government sent the british army to replace the protesters , who were met by several days of street fighting . in 1969 , the irish provisional ira , which supported the establishment of a united ireland , emerged from a split in the irish republican army and launched a campaign against what they called the " british invasion of the four provinces " . paramilitary groups , on both the republican side and the nationalist side , emerged also , and a conflict known as the troubles began . around 1 @ , @ 600 deaths occurred in the next 20 years of conflict . due to the widespread unrest during the troubles , the british government introduced direct rule in 1972 and thedirect rule . there were several other attempts to resolve the conflict peacefully , such as the sunningdale agreement of 1973 . in 1998 , following a ceasefire between the provisional ira and multi @ - @ party governments , the good friday agreement was signed as a compromise between the british and irish governments , with the terms discussed at the multi @ - @ party talks . the text of the agreement ( commonly referred to as the belfast agreement ) was subsequently ratified by governments in other parts of ireland . the agreement gave power @ - @ government to northern ireland on the basis of power @ - @ sharing and a legislative assembly elected from the political parties under the single northern ireland executive , with equal responsibilities for the two ethnic groups . the assembly was now headed by a first minister and deputy first minister elected from the unionist and nationalist parties . tensions had increased greatly under the provisional ira and subsequent ceasefires in 1994 and in 2005 the provisional ira announced the end of its bombing campaign and an independent executive overseeing its affairs and that of the nationalist and loyalist paramilitary groups . the assembly and power @ - @ party powers were suspended several times but were restored early in 2007 . in that year the british government also ended its military support of the ira in northern ireland ( operation storm ) and began withdrawing troops . on 22 may 2012 , northern ireland ' s new first minister and former ira leader , martin mcguinness , shook hands with queen elizabeth ii in belfast , signalling reconciliation between the two countries . = = = = = geographically , the country is divided between the republic of ireland , an independent state , and northern ireland ( a constituent state of the united kingdom ) . they share an international border and both are members of the free trade area . both the republic of ireland and the united kingdom are members of the european union , and as a result there is free movement of people , goods , services and capital across the border . = = = republic of ireland = = = the republic of ireland is a parliamentary republic based on the westminster model , with a republican government and a directly elected president who has only limited powers . the government is headed by a prime minister , the president , who is appointed by the government on the recommendation of the lower house of parliament , the dail . members of the government are chosen from both the dail and the lower house of parliament , the senate . the capital is dublin . the republic currently is amongst the wealthiest countries in the world in terms of gdp per capita and in 2012 was ranked the fourth most wealthy country in the world by theunited nations ' millennium development programme . the period of rapid economic growth from 1995 onwards , known as the celtic tiger boom , until coming to an end in 2008 with an international financial crisis and an economic recession in 2009 . = = = northern ireland = = = northern ireland is a province of the united kingdom with a separate executive and legislature which has legislative powers . the executive is currently led by the first and second @ - @ island ministers , with the powers being divided in accordance with each party ' s representation in the legislature . the capital is belfast . however , power is held by the uk parliament , from which northern ireland has gone through several periods of direct rule during which some acts have been lost . northern ireland has most of the uk house of commons ' 650 members . the northern ireland executive is a senior @ - @ island position in the uk government . along with england , wales and scotland , northern ireland is one of the three main judicial jurisdictions of the uk , all of which use the supreme court of the united kingdom as their court of final appeal . = = = all @ - @ island . = = = as part of the good friday agreement , the british and irish governments agreed to the establishment of co @ - @ island policies and areas of responsibility . the north / south policy council is the body through which ministers from the government of ireland and the northern ireland executive implement all @ - @ island policies . at least one of these policy areas must have an independent co @ - @ island " implementation body " and at least two others must be established independently for each area . the implementation bodies are : northern authority , the road security advisory authority , intertradeireland , the northern european irish language commission , the north / south development commission and the foyle , carlingford and northern development commission . the british – irish intergovernmental agreement provides for regular @ - @ meetings between the government of ireland and the parliament of the united kingdom on all matters of public concern , including northern ireland . in recognition of the uk ' s growing interest in the affairs of northern ireland , " joint and special " meetings of @ - @ meetings by the uk minister for constitutional affairs and the british secretary of state for northern ireland , dealing with all @ - @ island issues to deal with northern ireland and the @ - @ island co @ - @ island matters , are required to take place under the lisbon treaty . the north / south all @ - @ island forum is the official legislative body for the parliament of ireland . it has no formal formal but informalproviding a forum for discussing issues of common interest between the two jurisdictions . = = = = = with the two jurisdictions having a separate currency ( the euro and pound sterling ) , a significant amount of economic activity is carried out on an all @ - @ ireland basis . this has been facilitated by the two jurisdictions ' joint membership of the european union , and there have been calls from members of the business community and policymakers for the creation of an " all @ - @ ireland region " to take advantage of economies of scale and global employment . there are five multi @ - @ ireland networks on the island of ireland : dublin @ - @ waterford corridor - belfast @ . @ 1 m cork @ - @ limerick @ - @ galway corridor - 1 m this is a list of the regional networks on the island of ireland . the bmw region of the republic of ireland ( consisting of connacht , counties laois , offaly , westmeath , longford , donegal , monaghan , cavan , louth ) the a & b region of the republic of ireland ( consisting of munster , county cork , wicklow , meath , kildare , kilkenny , carlow , wexford ) . = = = = = = = ireland has an important industry based on peat ( known locally as " turf " ) as a source of fuel for forest fires . a source of fossil fuel , this source of energy is also widely used in some areas . however , due to the increasing value of peatlands for producing carbon and their destruction , the eu is keen to protect this industry by leaving them if they are built up . in dublin , heat is mainly provided by heating oil , although some energy companies sell " peat of peat " as " green fuel " . another industry in which the eu operates as a single entity is electricity . for most of their history the networks in the republic of ireland and northern ireland were completely independent . the networks were built and operated together before independence . however , as a result of developments in the years they are now linked with many others and are link ##ing great britain to continental ireland . the situation in northern ireland is complicated by the number of power companies not supplying northern ireland electricity ( nie ) with electric capacity . in the republic of ireland , the esb has yet to upgrade its power capacity and the use of these stations has now been only 10 % , one of the lowest usage figures in continental europe . eirgrid is building an hvdc transmission line between ireland and great britain with a capacity of 500mw , or 10 % of ireland ' s electricity consumption . as with ireland , the irish gas pipeline network is also on on @ - @ island , with a link between gormanston , county meath , and ballyclare , county antrim completed in 2007 . most of ireland ' s electricity comes from interconnectors between twynholm , dublin and ballylumford , county antrim and loughshinny , county mayo . a small amount is available from the kinsale gas field off the county donegal coast and the corrib gas field off the coast of county mayo , yet to develop on @ - @ island . the west cork project is facing some local opposition and a proposed plan to move the gas pipeline . the republic of ireland has maintained a strong commitment to renewable energy , ranking as one of the top 10 countries for cleantech energy in the 2014 global green economy report . investment and demand in ireland for renewable ##s such as wind farms has increased since 2004 . new wind farms are being built in several counties such as donegal , donegal , mayo and antrim . the construction of wind farms has in some cases been met by opposition from local residents , many of whom still consider the wind farms to be obsolete . the economy of ireland is also affected by an electricity infrastructure that is not able to handle the high amounts of electricity that comes from wind farms . the esb ' s turlough storage facility is the largest all @ - @ island facility in the country . = = = = = the republic of ireland is located in the middle @ - @ region of ireland , between latitude 50 ° and 60 ° n , and longitude 4 ° and 12 ° w . it is separated from the main island of great britain by the irish sea and the english sea , which has a width of 22 km ( 14 mi ) at its deepest point . to the north is the north atlantic ocean and to the east is the mediterranean sea , which lies between spain and brittany , in france . ireland has a land area of 32 @ , @ 421 km2 ( 84 @ , @ 595 sq mi ) . ireland and great britain , along with several other british islands , are known collectively as the british isles . although the term british isles is used in relation to ireland , the alternative term britain and ireland is sometimes used as a collective term for the islands . a range of high mountains and low hills in the centre of the country . the largest of these is carrauntoohil ( irish : corran tuathail )and county kerry , which rises to 1 @ , @ 038 metres ( 3 @ , @ 406 ft ) above sea level . the best flat land is in the province of leinster . these areas can be flat and hilly with extensive mountain views . the river shannon , the world ' s longest river at 386 kilometres ( 240 mi ) long , rises in county cavan in the south west and stretches 113 kilometres ( 70 mi ) to cork city in the south west . the country ' s lush vegetation , a result of its temperate climate and abundant rainfall , earned it the nickname the green country . overall , ireland has a mild and temperate continental climate with few extremes . the climate is largely continental and relatively dry unlike the differences in climate of many other places of the world at similar altitudes . this is a result of the warm weather conditions which ordinarily come from the - @ - @ western hemisphere . rain falls throughout the year but is scarce ##est , especially in the east . the climate tends to be dry than average and subject to severe storms , especially in the late autumn and winter months . these storms bring strong winds and almost constant darkness to these regions , as well as heavy snow and ice . the regions of west county kerry and south county kerry have the highest number of severe lightning strikes for the island , with strikes striking around five to ten times per year in these regions . munster , in the south , experiences the least lightning whereas leinster , in the north , receives the most . inland areas are warmer in summer and colder in winter . typically only 20 days of the year are above - 0 ° c ( 0 ° f ) at inland weather stations , compared to 60 days at coastal stations . ireland is frequently affected by heat waves , most notably in 1995 , 2003 , 2006 and 2013 . in comparison with the rest of europe , ireland experienced extreme cold temperatures during the winter of 2009 / 10 . temperatures were as low as − ##1 @ . @ 0 ° c ( 32 ° f ) in county mayo on 1 january and up to 1 metre ( 3 ft ) of snow fell in mountainous areas . the country consists of three geological provinces . in the south west , between county mayo and county donegal , is a medium to high grade volcanic and sedimentary province of caledonide origin , similar to the scottish highlands . in central ulster and extending south to longford and east to navan is a province of cambrian and cambrian origin , with similarities to the italian alps .of ireland . further south , along the county wexford coast , is an area of older intrusives into lower cambrian and cambrian ages , resembling that found in ireland . to the north , between bantry bay and the area of macgillicuddy ' s range , is an area of highly older , and very partially developed , well @ - @ - rocks . this outer belt of " high rock " , is surrounded by a belt of soft rock in the rest of the island , giving rise to a very varied and varied landscape . the high @ - @ land south of the burren and lisdoonvarna has well @ - @ aged karst topography . a stratiform ##al @ - @ aged mineralisation is found in the area between silvermines and tynagh . gas exploration is underway with the first major discovery at the kinsale natural gas field near wexford in the mid @ - @ period . in 1999 , further significant discoveries of natural gas were reported at the corrib gas field on the county kerry coast . this has increased production on the west coast in conjunction with the " isle of ireland " well @ - @ - ##flow from the north sea petroleum field . the helvick oil field , estimated to contain over 10 million barrels ( 300 @ , @ 5 @ , @ 000 m³ ) of oil , is a recent discovery . = = = = points of interest = = = there are three world heritage sites on the island : the bru na boinne , skellig rock and the giant ' s causeway . a number of other sites are on the tentative list , for example the burren , the ceide , and castle ##joy . some of the most famous sites in ireland include bunratty castle , the ruins of cashel , the cliffs of moher , holy trinity church and dublin castle . other important archaeological sites include glendalough and clonmacnoise , which are protected as national monuments of the republic of ireland . munster is the most frequently visited city and home to some of the most popular sites such as the irish sea and isle of kells . the west and south coast , which includes the towns of killarney and the eyre peninsula in county kerry and connemara and the aran islands in county galway , are also popular tourist destinations . achill island lies off the coast of county cork and is ireland ' s largest island . it is a major tourist destinationfor fishing and sailing , blue flag beaches and croaghaun one of the worlds highest sea cliffs . historic homes , built during the 17th , 18th and 19th centuries in baroque , georgian and semi @ - @ architectural styles , such as , castle house , castletown house , bantry castle , glenveagh house are also of interest to tourists . some have been converted into hotels , such as ashford castle , castle leslie and dromoland house . world heritage site = = flora and fauna = = because ireland was isolated from mainland europe by rising sea levels after the last ice age had already ended , ireland has fewer native animal and plant species than great britain , which separated it , from mainland europe . there are 28 mammal species in ireland and of them , 24 land mammal species are not native to ireland . mammal mammals , such as , the red fox , otter and badger , are very common , whereas others , like the european deer , red squirrel and pine , are less common . aquatic species , such as species of sea ##horse , dolphin , dolphin , turtle , and dolphin , are found along the coast . over 300 species of butterflies have been recorded in ireland . many of these are rare , including the barn swallow . many natural habitat types are found in ireland , including forest , oak woodland , mixed broadleaf and mixed forests , forestry plantations , peat bog and a variety of other habitats . however , climate influences the land use patterns in ireland , creating natural wildlife preferences , especially for large terrestrial mammals with high nutritional requirements . with no known mammalian predators in ireland other than cats and foxes , large types of mammals as neo @ - @ and those that cannot be killed by other animals , such as the deer , are maintained by cattle grazing . there are no mammals in ireland and only one species of lizard ( the smooth toad ) is endemic to the island . bird species include the irish eagle , the european falcon and the eagle . some now unknown species , such as the golden eagle , were rediscovered since around the year 2000 after centuries of decline . until medieval times ireland was heavily forested with oak , beech and beech . forests now cover about 4 @ . @ 50 % of ireland , of which 1 @ , @ 450 km ² or 1 million acres are managed by coillte , the government ' s forestry department . as of 2012 the island is one of the most developed countries in europe . much of the country is now covered with forests and there are many species of wild @ - @ plants . gorse( oak europaeus ) , a common oak , is often found growing in the mountains and they are common in the more coastal areas , especially in the southern part . ireland is home to hundreds of plant species , many of them endemic to the island , and has been " invaded " by invasive species , such as eucalyptus anglica . the algae and marine community is that of the sub @ - @ marine zone . the total number of species is 574 and is distributed as follows : 264 algae ( red algae ) 152 algae ( green algae and bacteria ) 114 chloropyta ( green algae ) 116 algae ( sub @ - @ green algae ) other species include : itonoa marginifera ( a . agardh ) masuda & guiry schmitzia hiscockiana maggs & guiry gelidiella calcicola maggs & guiry gelidium maggsiae harvey & guiry halymenia latifolia j . m . crouan & j . l . crouan - kutzing . the island has been inhabited by many species , some of which are now well established . for example : asparagopsis armara ##e , which originated in ireland and was first recorded by p . de valera in 1939 colpomenia peregrina sauvageau , which is now very extinct and first recorded in the north atlantic muticum ( yendo ) fensholt , now well established in a number of locations on the south , west , and sub @ - @ sea . codium fragile ssp . atlantic ( formerly known as ssp . tomentosum ) , now well established . codium fragile ssp . atlanticum has been found to be native , although for many years it was regarded as an invasive species . because of the mild climate , many trees , including many @ - @ native trees such as plane trees , are found in ireland . phytogeographically , ireland belongs to the northern forest zone of the mediterranean region of the united region . the island itself can be divided into two ecoregions : the mediterranean mixed forests and the - temperate mixed forests . = = = history of agriculture = = = the long history of potato cultivation , combined with more agricultural farming techniques such as irrigation and water treatment and runoff from agriculture into streams , rivers and lakes , has the naturalmany @ - @ preserve supply and habitats put limits on agriculture in ireland . the lack of open land for crop production and livestock grazing limits the resources available for the cultivation of native plant communities . roads , however , as means for access and protecting natural use , serve as a habitat for native wild animals . this refuge stretches across the country and acts as a network of roads to restore much of the forests that once covered the country . policies like the common agricultural policy , which encourage agricultural practices that include the ##s , are undergoing reform . the common agricultural policy has in the past encouraged environmentally harmful agricultural practices , for example by reducing biodiversity without setting restrictions on the use of chemicals and chemicals ; these they have largely removed subsidies from agriculture , and met species and regulatory factors . ireland covers about 1 @ . @ 000 % of the island , most of them used for commercial forestry . these areas often consist of extensive stands of over @ - @ tree species , which can occur in habitats that are not suitable for many native species of plants . remnants of ancient forests can be found all across the country , in particular in the killarney national park . these areas have fencing to prevent non @ - @ grazing by cattle and boar that roam in these areas . enclosure of this area is one of the main factors in the natural regeneration of forests in other parts of the country . = = = = = people have lived in ireland for about 1 @ , @ 000 years . the four periods are the neolithic , neolithic , bronze age , and iron age . irish archaeological and archaeological records indicate the existence of major groups such as the cruthin , corcu loigde , dal ##a , dairine , deirgtine , delbhna , erainn , laigin , ulaid . other smaller ethnic groups were the connachta , ciannachta , eoganachta . other groups include the aithechthuatha ( or attacotti ) , calraighe , ciarraige , conmaicne , dartraighe , deisi , eile , an bolg , fortuatha , gailenga , gamanraige , mairtine , muscraige , partraige , soghain , uaithni , ui maine , ui liathain . some survived into late medieval times , others disappeared as they became increasingly isolated . over the next 1200 years , vikings, english , french , english , dutch , germans , germans , eastern europeans and latin africans have been added to the population and have had significant influence on irish culture . ireland ' s largest religious group is christianity . the largest denomination is roman catholicism , about 60 % for the island ( and about 10 % of the population of ireland ) . most of the rest of the population belongs to one of the four protestant denominations ( about 48 % of all population ) . the largest is the presbyterian church of ireland . the jewish community is growing in numbers , mainly through recent immigration , with a 10 % increase in the population between the 2006 and 2011 census . the republic has a large christian community . about 10 % of the republic ' s population and about 5 % of the northern irish population identified themselves as of another religion . in a 2010 survey conducted on behalf of the irish government , 40 % of respondents said they went to a church service more than once a year . the population of ireland grew steadily from the 15th century until the early @ - @ 20th century , when a great famine in the 1840s caused one million deaths and caused over two million people to leave in the immediate aftermath . in the last decade the population was reduced by almost half , at a time when the general trend in european history was for population to increase by an average of two @ - @ fold . = = = provinces and counties = = = geographically , ireland is divided into four provinces : connacht ( west ) , leinster ( east ) , munster ( south ) , and ulster ( north ) . in a system that developed between the 15th and 19th centuries , ireland has eighteen administrative counties . two @ - @ fold of these counties are in the republic of ireland and two are in northern ireland . the eighteen provinces that comprise southern ireland are located in the province of ulster ( which has eighteen counties in ulster ) . as such , ireland is often used as a synonym for northern ireland , although the provinces are not identical . in the republic of ireland , counties form the basis of the system of local government . counties dublin , cork , limerick , galway , waterford and tipperary have been broken up into smaller administrative units . however , they are still used as counties for administrative and other other purposes , for their own purposes and on the ordnance survey maps . counties in northern ireland are no longer used for any administrative purposes , but , as in the uk , their historic boundaries are still used for other purposes such as sports , and other cultural and social matters . county status in ireland is granted by law and royal charter. dublin , with over 6 million people in the greater dublin area , is the largest city on the island . belfast , with 579 @ , @ 726 people , is the largest city in northern ireland . city status does not necessarily correspond with population growth . for example , armagh , with 9 @ , @ 590 is the seat of the primate of ireland and the roman catholic church of all ireland and was 1 @ - @ given city status by queen elizabeth ii in 1994 ( it received that status under the government act of 1840 ) . in the republic of ireland , kilkenny , seat of the guinness family , although no longer a city for administrative purposes ( since the 2001 local government reorganisation ) , is required by law to continue to use the title . = = = = = = = the population of ireland declined rapidly during the second half of the 19th century . the population of about 6 million in 1841 was reduced to no more than 1 million in 1921 . in part , the decline in population was due to emigration from the irish famine of 1845 to 1852 , which killed over 2 million people . however , by then the main cause of the decline was the poor economic condition of the country which led to an intense wave of emigration up until the 20th century . emigration from ireland in the 19th century spread to the rest of britain , the united states , canada and australia , where a large irish community exists . as of 2006 , 26 @ . @ 3 million canadians , or 8 % of the population , are of irish descent . as of 2013 , a total of 4 @ . @ 3 million canadians claim irish ancestry . with increasing immigration since the first decade of the 19th century , ireland became a destination for immigrants . since the european union expanded to include europe in 2004 , irish immigrants have made up the largest number of immigrants ( around 400 @ , @ 000 ) from eastern europe . there has also been significant immigration from germany , the czech republic and poland . the republic of ireland in particular has experienced 400 @ - @ 000 immigration , with 420 @ , @ 000 foreign births as of 2006 , or 20 % of the population . a majority of these ( 8 % ) in 2009 were to be born in ireland . africans and vietnamese , along with migrants from west asian countries , have accounted for a large proportion of the total – european foreign immigration to ireland . up to 200 @ , @ 000 eastern and central european migrant workers entered ireland in response to the 2008 financial crisis . = = = = = = = two main languages are spoken in ireland : irish and english. these languages have also contributed to literature . irish , now a national and official language of the republic of ireland , was the language of the irish people for over a thousand years and was probably introduced by some waves of irish @ - @ class sometime during the iron age , or earlier . it continued to be written down after sometime in the 5th century and spread to scotland and the isle of man where it developed into the scottish gaelic and english gaelic respectively . the irish language has a vast number of written records from the periods , and is divided over time into old irish from the 5th to 10th century , middle irish from the 10th to 13th century , the modern irish until the 18th century , and the modern irish of today . irish was the national language of ireland for most of those centuries , with influences from latin , old irish , french and german . irish declined under british rule but remained the mother tongue until the late 20th century , and since then has been a minority language , although revival ##s are underway in both the republic of ireland and northern ireland . gaeltacht and lower @ - @ speaking areas are currently experiencing a revival in the language . the main gaeltacht areas are down the centre of the country , around donegal , cork , galway and kerry with smaller gaeltacht areas around dungarvan , dublin , navan , county meath , and the king ' s college in dublin . the language is a compulsory subject in the state education system of the republic , and the gaelscoil system has seen many irish language schools established in both countries . english was first introduced to ireland after the norman conquest . it was spoken by a few settlers and people brought over from england , and was largely replaced by irish after the norman conquest of ireland . english was recognised as the national language with the tudor and stuart conquests . the ulster plantation gave english a strong position in ulster , and irish became the official and dominant @ - @ gaelic language there , the lower @ - @ of kings and kings having become bilingual . language reform during the 19th century replaced irish with english as the first language for the large majority of the population . less than 10 % of the population of the republic of ireland can speak irish even outside of the state , and 38 % of those over 15 % are identified as " irish speakers " . in northern ireland , english is the de facto official language , but limited status is given to it , with special protection powers under part iv of the 1998 act for regional and minority languages . a lesser minority ( without protection from the state ofthe b ) are similar to the scots dialects , which are spoken by about 10 % of northern ireland residents , and also spoken by many in the republic of ireland . since the 1960s with the increase in emigration , many other dialects have been spoken , mostly those from central and eastern europe . = = = = = ireland ' s culture includes much of the culture of indigenous peoples , including ancient and modern media influences ( including popular culture , christianity , islam and elements of modern western culture ) . in cultural terms , ireland is regarded as one of the celtic nations of europe , alongside scotland , wales , england , isle of man and wales . this range of cultural influences is reflected in the architectural patterns of celtic braid and celtic knotwork . these can be seen in the decoration of both churches and civic buildings . the latter is still used today in decorative and decorative arts , and in the irish style of traditional irish song and dance , and has become part of the " irish " language in english . literature has played a significant role in the cultural life of the island since prehistoric times ( and since the 19th century onwards , have been the source of cultural conflict and identity on the island ) . ireland ' s pre @ - @ christian culture began with the celtic peoples and the death of saint patrick in the 6th century . the hiberno @ - @ christian mission , led by the irish missionary saint patrick , brought the oral tradition of christianity to both ireland and the roman empire . these missionaries brought the knowledge to the expanding part of ireland during the middle ages that followed the fall of rome , earning ireland the nickname , " the land of monks and nuns " . since the 19th century the irish diaspora there have become , for those with a wide range of food and artistic tastes , centres of irish culture . the republic of ireland ' s national theatre is the abbey theatre , which was founded in 1904 , and the national @ @ - @ drama company , the taibhdhearc , which was founded in 1928 in dublin . poets such as sean o ' casey , brian friel , sebastian barry , conor mcpherson and seamus roche are internationally renowned . = = = = = = = ireland has made a significant contribution to world literature in all its forms , particularly in the irish language . poetry in irish is among the oldest written literature in europe , with the earliest examples dating from the 17th century . in particular , jonathan swift , now widely considered the first novelist in the english language , was a poet ofhis wrote for films such as sullivan ' s opera and a family affair , and oscar wilde is known particularly for his frequently satirical witticisms . in the 20th century , ireland produced four winners of the nobel prize for literature : george bernard shaw , william butler yeats , samuel beckett and seamus heaney . although not a nobel prize winner , james joyce is widely considered to be one of the most important writers of the 20th century . joyce ' s 1922 novel ulysses is considered one of the most important works of irish literature and his birthday is celebrated annually on 1 may in dublin as " bloomsday " . modern irish literature is often associated with its christian origins by writers such as sean mcgahern and poets such as seamus heaney . christianity has been in existence in ireland since ancient times . although in the early middle ages the church was " not unlike its counterparts in continental europe " , there was an exchange between monastic communities in ireland and the rest of europe that led to what became known as gregorian chant . besides monastic music , musical traditions in early modern ireland were referred to as the art of singing music ( goltraige ) , singing music ( geantraige ) and singing music ( suantraige ) . vocal and instrumental music ( e . g . for the harp , fiddle , and various other instruments ) was transmitted widely , and the irish harp , in particular , was of such quality that it became ireland ' s national instrument . classical music on irish soil also appeared in urban areas , in areas of anglo @ - @ irish culture such as dublin castle , st patrick ' s cathedral and christ church as well as the landed estates of the anglo @ - @ irish elite , with the first performance of handel ' s messiah ( 1742 ) being among the highlights of the baroque period . since the 19th century , public subscription gave access to classical music to all classes of people . however , for political and economic reasons ireland had become too poor to pay a living to professional musicians , and the majority of the anglo @ - @ @ classical music of this period fell to amateurs . irish traditional music and culture have experienced a resurgence in national and international recognition since the 1950s . by the first decades of the 20th century , when irish society was changing , traditional music had fallen out of favour , especially in urban areas . but during the 1980s , there was a revival of interest in irish traditional music , by groups such as the seekers , the seekers , the wolfe tones , the clancy brothers , sweeney ' s men andartists include sean o riada and christy moore . bands and artists like horslips , van morrison and thin lizzy incorporated elements of irish traditional music into their pop music and , during the 1970s and 1980s , the line between folk and modern music became blurred , with many artists often crossing over between these styles of music . this trend can be seen more clearly in the work of artists like enya , the spin doctors , the corrs , sinead o ' connor , clannad , the damned and the pogues among others . since then there have been a number of stylistic changes between heavy rock and others , but many rock musical acts stick closely to the " traditional " style . the earliest known irish rock art and sculpture is rock art found at sites such as newgrange and are represented in bronze age art and the illuminated texts and illuminated manuscripts of the medieval period . during the course of the 19th and 20th centuries , a long tradition of artists developed , with such artists as william butler butler , william orpen , jack london and john le brocquy . other irish visual artists of note include sean scully , kevin abosch , and alice maher . = = = = = = = the irish physician and scientist johannes scotus eriugena is considered one of the greatest figures of his native irish age . sir ernest edward shackleton , an english scientist , was one of the leading figures of antarctic exploration . he , along with his team , made the first ascent of mount everest and the discovery of the precise location of the south magnetic pole . robert boyle , a 17th @ - @ irish irish philosopher , mathematician , mathematician , mathematician and a political scientist . he is widely considered one of the founders of modern physics and is best known for the discovery of boyle ' s law . 18th century scientist , john dalton , discovered the greenhouse effect . physicist , john callan , professor of natural philosophy at maynooth university , is best known for his invention of the tesla coil , invented and also developed an improved method of electricity in the 19th century . other notable irish scientists include ernest rutherford , winner of the 1951 nobel prize in physics . with sir william lloyd bragg , rutherford was the first to determine the energy of the atom by mechanical means and made contributions to the development of a new type of wave equation . william kelvin , later lord kelvin , is the scientist whom the modern kelvin constant , the kelvin , is named after . sir john larmor , a physicistand later , with contributions in the fields of probability , statistics , statistics and the quantum model of physics . his most famous work was light and matter , a book on particle physics published in 1900 . john johnstone stoney coined the elementary calculus in 1891 . sir william bell was the author of bell ' s theorem and a paper on the nature of the famous @ - @ jackiw @ - @ adler equation and was nominated for the nobel prize . other mathematicians include sir william rowan hamilton , known for work in quantum mechanics and the theory of relativity . francis ysidro edgeworth ' s invention of the edgeworth number remains used in all @ - @ and digit ##s to this day ; and richard cantillon and adam smith , among others . michael j . cosgrave was a pioneer in number theory and published the 2000 @ - @ # ##ized number in 1999 and the large scale prime number in 2003 . john lighton also made contributions in many areas of mathematics , including mechanics and the aspects of general relativity . he had sir john bell as one of his students . ireland has eight universities , six in the republic of ireland and two in northern ireland , including trinity college , dublin and the university college dublin , as well as a few @ - @ ireland colleges and universities and a branch of the open university , the only university in ireland . = = = = = = = the republic of ireland has a single national team in most sports . a notable exception to this is association football , although other sports continued to field international teams under the name " ireland " until the 1990s . the all @ - @ level cup competition for ireland , the setanta cup , was introduced in 2005 . association football is the most popular sport in ireland in terms of match attendance and club participation , with over 100 @ , @ 600 teams on the island . in 2003 football represented 25 % of all match attendance at matches in ireland and britain , followed by cricket at 18 % , hurling at 16 % and rugby at 14 % and the annual @ - @ ireland hurling match is the most popular event on the irish calendar . cricket is the most commonly played team sport on the island , and the most popular in northern ireland . cricket , rugby , tennis , athletics , rugby , gaelic football and snooker / snooker are the other events with the highest rates of team participation . the gaa is also the only team sport where the republic of ireland and northern ireland field separate national teams . northern ireland has a single worldgaa ) . many other sports are also played and promoted , including football , football , hurling , football , greyhound racing , football , rugby , horse racing , equestrian racing , show jumping and athletics . = = = = = = = = = = = football , hurling and hurling are the main @ - @ forms of the irish team sport , also known as gaelic games . these games are governed by the gaelic athletic association ( gaa ) , with the exception of ladies ' gaelic football and camogie ( ireland ' s version of hurling ) , which are governed by other bodies . the headquarters of the gaa ( and the national team ) are located at the all @ , @ @ @ croke park in central dublin . all major gaa competitions are held there , including the semi @ - @ finals and finals of the all @ - @ ireland senior football championship and all @ - @ ireland senior hurling championship . during the redevelopment of the lansdowne road stadium in 2007 – football , international rugby and cricket were played there . all gaa players , except at the highest level , are volunteers , earning no pay , although they are able to earn a certain amount of all @ - @ @ income from their activities . the irish football association ( ifa ) was formerly the governing body for football on the island . the game has been played in an informal manner in ireland since the 1880s , with cliftonville f . c . in dublin being ireland ' s oldest club . it was very popular , especially in its early years , in ireland and in dublin . however , some players from in ireland claim that the ifa has ignored dublin @ - @ based clubs in such matters as selection for the national team . in 1921 , following an incident in which , despite an earlier agreement , the ifa moved the irish cup and @ - @ final venue from dublin to belfast , dublin @ - @ based clubs broke away to form the football association of the irish free state . today the football association is known as the football association of ireland ( fai ) . after being briefly recognised by the united nations ' council , the fai was recognised by fifa in 1923 and played its first international match in 1926 ( against scotland ) . however , both the ifa and fai continued to select their players from the rest of europe , with some players earning international caps for matches with both associations . fifa associations referred to their national teams as ireland . in 1950 , fifa allowed the fai members to select players from within their respective associations and , in 1953 , ordered that the fai ' s team be named only as" republic of ireland " and that the ifa ' s team was known as " northern ireland " ( with some exceptions ) . northern ireland qualified for the world cup finals in 1958 ( reaching the quarter @ - @ final ) , 1982 and 1986 . the team qualified for the world cup finals in 1990 ( reaching the quarter @ - @ finals ) , 1994 , 2002 and the european championships in 1988 and 2012 . outside europe , there is considerable participation in the european and , to a lesser extent , american rugby leagues . outside scotland , ireland continues to have a strong national rugby team and its rugby union , the irish rugby football union ( irfu ) , controls the game on the island . the irish national team has competed in five rugby world cup , reaching the quarter @ - @ final in all of them . ireland has played matches during the 1991 and the 1999 rugby world cups ( reaching the quarter @ - @ final ) . there are four national irish teams ; all three compete in the magners league ( now called the rabodirect pro12 ) and at least two qualify for the heineken cup . irish rugby has been increasingly successful at both the national and domestic levels since the game turned professional in 1994 . during that time , leinster ( 1999 ) , munster ( 2006 and 2008 ) and leinster ( 2009 , 2011 and 2012 ) have won the heineken cup . in addition to this , the irish national team has seen great success in the six nations championship against the top european union teams . this success , including triple crowns in 2004 , 2006 and 2007 , culminated with a clean sweep of england , known as the grand slam , in 2009 . = = = = = = = = = = greyhound racing and greyhound racing are very popular in ireland . there are many greyhound racing tracks and the ##s are regularly @ - @ equipped . the country is known for the breeding and racing of quarter horses and is also a major producer of hot dogs . the greyhound racing industry is largely concentrated in the county kildare . irish athletics has had a high success rate since the year 2000 , with sonia o ' sullivan winning two medals over the @ , @ 000 ##m on the track ; gold at the 1995 world championships and silver at the 2000 summer olympics . gillian o ' sullivan won gold in the 20k walk at the 2003 world championships , and # ##ing derval o ' rourke won gold at the 2006 world athletics championships in berlin . lisa loughnane won a gold medal in the 20k walk at the european indoor championships in berlin . 2009 . ireland haswon more medals in boxing than in any other olympic sport . boxing is governed by the irish amateur boxing association . michael carruth won a gold medal and john mccullough won a silver medal in the 2004 olympic games and in 2008 kenneth egan won a gold medal in the olympic olympics . michael barnes won silver in those games and gold in the 2010 world amateur golf championships ( where he finished second in the overall medal tally ) and 2010 commonwealth games . katie taylor has won gold in every european and world championships since 2005 . in august 2012 at the olympic games in london katie taylor made history by becoming the first irish woman to win a gold medal in judo in the 75 kg division . golf is very popular and golf ##ing is a growing industry with more than 240 @ , @ 000 ##0 events annually . the 2006 ryder cup was held at the golf club in county kildare . padraig harrington became the first european since fred daly in 1947 to win the british open at carnoustie in june 2007 . harrington successfully defended his title in july 2008 before going on to win the pga championship in 2009 . harrington was the first irish to win the pga championship in 50 years and also the first winner from ireland . professional players from northern ireland have been particularly successful . in 2010 , graeme mcdowell became the first irish ##man to win the u . s . open , and the first irish to win that event since 1970 . rory mcilroy , at the age of 19 , won the 2011 u . s . open , while darren clarke ' s biggest win is the 2011 open championship at royal st . george ' s . in july 2012 , mcilroy won his first major title by winning the uspga championship by a record margin of two strokes . = = = = = = = = = the west coast of ireland , lahinch and donegal , in particular , are popular surfing areas , often being exposed to the atlantic ocean . donegal bay is shaped like a triangle and experiences north / east @ - @ west ##erly waves , with excellent surf , especially in summer . since just before the year 2010 , bundoran has hosted european tour events . scuba diving is very popular in ireland with deep water and large numbers of marine species , particularly along the west coast . there are also many beaches along the coast of ireland , with some of the best scuba ##s being off malin island and along the west donegal coast . with hundreds of beaches , over 10 @ , @ 000 km ( 6 @ , @ 700 mi ) of tidal and out and over1 @ , @ 700 km ( 4 @ , @ 430 mi ) of coastline , ireland is a popular tourist destination . the northern irish climate is suited to trout fishing . while salmon and trout fishing remain popular with tourists , salmon fishing in ireland received a boost in 2006 with the establishment of the irish driftnet association . sport fishing continues to raise in popularity . recreational fishing is popular with many areas surveyed and mapped , and the number of commercial ##bird ##ers is over 300 . = = = food and cuisine = = = food and cuisine in ireland draws its name from the crops grown and livestock raised in the country ' s temperate climate and from the economic and economic structure of irish society . for example , whilst from the middle ages until the introduction of the potato in the 19th century the dominant aspect of the irish economy was the raising of cattle , the amount of cattle a family owned directly related to their social status . cattle farmers would avoid producing for - @ - @ - beef . for this reason , pork and beef cattle are more important than beef and pork ##ened cuts of raw beef ( or sausage ) and the consumption of whole beef ( i . e . a dairy cow rather than beef itself ) has been a common part of the diet in ireland since the middle ages . the practice of slaughter oneself and mixing the meat with salt and water ( not unlike the practice of the maasai ) is introduced and irish pudding , made from potatoes , flour ( usually wheat ) and water , became a popular dish in ireland . some of these changes can be seen together in the form of the " irish cuisine " . the introduction of the potato in the second half of the 18th century has influenced irish ##s . widespread agriculture favoured a new approach to agriculture and until the mid @ - @ 18th century the vast majority of the population lived with a diet of potatoes and pork . a typical family , consisting of a man , a wife and two children , would eat one pounds ( 450 kg ) of potatoes a day . however , dishes that are considered irish irish cuisine have a general unsophistication to potatoes , such as the potato stew , potatoes and eggs , boxty , a type of potato soup , and colcannon , a combination of boiled potatoes and / or pork . since the first decade of the 20th century , with the mid @ - @ boom of tourism in ireland , a " modern irish cuisine " based on irish dishes and foreign influences has emerged . this cuisine isbased on local ingredients , fish ( particularly salmon , herring , shrimp , crab and other seafood ) , as well as irish soda , and the wide range of irish @ - @ irish dishes that are now widely sold throughout the world . the potato is as a prominent part of this cuisine and the irish are the largest per capita producers of potatoes in ireland . an example of this irish cuisine is " lobster ##s " : potatoes cooked with lobster and potatoes . other irish dishes can be found throughout the country , for example potatoes in waterford and drisheen in limerick , and a variety of potato , called blaa , a traditional irish dish native to ireland . ireland once dominated the world ' s market for whiskey , producing 90 % of the world ' s whiskey at the turn of the 20th century . however , as a result of prohibition during the prohibition in the united states ( who sold english @ - @ irish whiskey with the @ - @ brand name , reflecting the pre @ - @ irish reputation for irish whiskey ) and raids on irish whiskey in the british empire during the anglo @ - @ whiskey whiskey boycott of the 1930s , sales of irish whiskey worldwide dropped to a mere 10 % by the mid @ - @ 20th century . in 1953 , an american consumer survey , found that 40 per cent of irish consumers in the united states had never heard of irish whiskey . irish whiskey , as reported in 2009 by the cnbc irish correspondent , is popular , and has increased in its sales steadily over a few decades . the cnbc reported irish whiskey was not as sweet as american bourbon whisky , and not as sweet as american or british whiskey . whiskey is the basis of irish drinking liqueurs , such as guinness , and the " irish cream " ( a mixture of cream and whiskey , served at foynes ' @ - @ railway station ) is perhaps the most @ - @ quality irish drink . porter , a type of english whiskey , like guinness , is often associated with dublin , although historically it was more commonly associated with england . it is very popular , although it has lost popularity since the mid @ - @ 20th century to guinness . beer , particularly magners ( known in the republic of ireland as bulmers ) , is also a popular drink . irish whiskey , a popular @ - @ drink , is consumed on its own and as a combination , often with beer .