= st nazaire = = the st nazaire raid or operation neptune was a successful british commando raid on the heavily fortified naval dry dock at st nazaire in the @ - @ , france during the second world war . the raid was launched by the royal navy and british army under the command of combined operations command on 15 june 1942 . st nazaire was chosen because the destruction of the dry dock would force a large german battleship in need of repair , such as the tirpitz , to return to german waters via either the english channel or the giuk strait , both of which were heavily defended by naval forces of the royal navy ' s grand fleet , rather than to a port built on the french coast . the british destroyer hms campbeltown , accompanied by several small craft , crossed the english channel to the west coast of france and then smashed into the dry lock there . the dock had been loaded with german @ - @ - gear , and sealed in a steel and glass container , that exploded later that day , putting the ship out of action for the rest of the war and up to two years later . a force of commandos proceeded to destroy buildings and other structures . the german fire drove , either off and on , the small craft used to take the cargo back to britain ; the commandos had to fight their way back to the harbour to try to avoid capture . they were forced to retreat when their ammunition was exhausted and they were captured . after the raid 228 members of the crew of 611 returned to britain ; 169 were killed and 215 became prisoners of war . british losses were approximately 360 men , most killed in the explosion when campbeltown sank . to commemorate their actions , several medals were awarded to members of the raiding party , including two victoria crosses . during the raid , st nazaire received one of many battle honours awarded to the commandos ; the raid has since become regarded as the greatest raid of all in commando history . = = = = = st nazaire is on the right bank of the seine 400 kilometres ( 250 mi ) from the nearest major port . in 1942 , it had a population of 2 @ , @ 000 . the st nazaire harbour has an inner harbour known as the avant ##e , formed by two piers extending out into the atlantic ocean . this leads to the lock gates of the bassin de st nazaire . these gates control the water level in the harbour so that it is not affected by the tides . opposite the lock is the larger inneralso of the bassin de penhoet , which could accommodate ships up to 1 @ , @ 000 tons . there is also an old entrance to the bassin de st nazaire just south of the main dry dock . built to accommodate the ocean liner ss titanic , this dock was the largest dry dock in the world when it was built in 1932 . the " grand entrance " also extends into the channel estuary between the main entrance of the avant passage and the main entrance into the channel . on 6 may 1941 , the battle of the dover strait was fought between the german battleships bismarck and prinz eugen and the british destroyers hms prince of wales and hms hood . bismarck was sunk and the hms prince of wales was forced to withdraw . hood , although sunk , allowed her crew to sail safely . she headed for the french port of st nazaire , which was the only port on the french coast with a dry dock able to accommodate a ship of her size . she was intercepted by the germans and sunk en route . britain ' s secret intelligence service had planned a bombing attack on the dock in december 1941 . when the german battleship tirpitz was reported missing in january 1942 , the royal navy ( rn ) and royal air force ( raf ) were already drawing up plans to destroy her . representatives from combined operations headquarters were looking into the consequences if tirpitz escaped the british blockade and entered the atlantic . they decided the only port able to accommodate her was st nazaire , even if , like the bismarck , she was damaged en route and needed repair . they came to the conclusion that if the docks at st nazaire was destroyed the british were unlikely to consider sending tirpitz into the atlantic . combined operations considered a number of factors when considering the future of the dock . at this stage of the war the british government had decided to reduce civilian casualties . this ruled out a direct raid by the luftwaffe , which at the time did not have the explosives necessary to destroy the dock without the loss of civilian lives . the combined operations executive was asked to see if their agents could open the lock itself . they decided that the task was beyond their capabilities because the amount of explosives involved would have required too many ships to carry them . the royal navy was therefore asked to mount the attack , as st nazaire was 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) from the loire estuary . any german force large enough to do the damage would be destroyed long before they came in range . the raf also considered whether a night raid was able to complete the task .an unusually high spring tide was forecast for march 1942 which would allow a landing destroyer to pass over the # ##bar of the channel and into the dock , via the re - fortified docks . the channel was too shallow for an amphibious landing craft , but the admiralty thought if the ship could be launched it would have a hull strong enough to allow it to pass through . = = = = = the aim of the raid was to achieve three objectives : the old dock , the old channel into the bassin de st nazaire , with the oil pumping station and other equipment , and the pre @ - @ ships and other craft in the area . the initial combined operations plan required two heavily armed destroyers to carry out the raid . the destroyers would be packed with explosives and loaded into the dock itself . those on board would then surface and use depth charges to destroy the oil gates , buildings and gun positions . the ships would then be picked up , and the second ship would come in and rescue the destroyer ' s crew and the passengers . at the same time the luftwaffe would carry out a number of small air raids in the area . when the plan was presented to the admiralty they agreed to support it . the possible use of one or two ships to attack the old dock was out of the question . they decided they could use an armed free french destroyer , the ouragan , and a number of small motor boats to transport the troops and drop them off . approval for the raid , codenamed operation neptune , was given on 1 april 1942 . sinking the french destroyer would mean overwhelming the free french forces and reducing the number of germans aware of the plan . however , it was decided the commandos would need to have a force of their own . the admiralty knew that the raid would depend heavily on their aircraft ; the number of aircraft available to raf bomber command greatly at time and cost ##ed the start of the raid . british prime minister winston churchill further complicated matters when he insisted that it should only take place if targets were positively identified . combined operations headquarters worked closely with other intelligence services to plan the raid . the naval intelligence service gathered intelligence from a variety of sources . a detailed plan of the port of st nazaire was produced by the naval intelligence service , and intelligence on the german defences nearby was obtained from the war office ' s military intelligence centre . information on the town itself came from pre @ - @ and other sources . the admiralty ' s naval intelligence centre planned the route and timing for the raid .and intelligence on the location of aircraft and aircraft carriers , information from intelligence , and details of air operations provided by the air ministry ' s naval intelligence branch . when all the plans had been put together and the details worked out , the raid was expected to take no more than two weeks . the commandos and civilians from campbeltown would board the motor launches at the east pier , and then return to base . = = size of the landing force = = the original naval operation plan required one ship to attack the dock gates and a number of smaller ships to support the commandos . the royal navy would also provide the naval force for the raid , under the overall command of the senior naval officer , commander john ryder . the ship chosen to break into the dock gates was hms campbeltown , commanded by lieutenant commander john halden beattie . campbeltown was a first world war destroyer and had previously been the uss lexington of the united states navy . she had come into british service in 1940 as one of the ships transferred to the united kingdom under the destroyers for bases programme . preparing campbeltown for the raid took three days . she had to be able to shift her weight to get over the sand bar of the harbour . this was accomplished by first removing all her machinery machinery . the dockyard removed her forward 4 in ( 102 mm ) guns , bombs and depth charges from the bow and replaced the main gun with a twin - – firing 6 cm ( 2 " ) . two 20 mm oerlikons were placed on platforms just above deck level . the bridge and funnel were given full 4 @ - @ - armour , and two layers of guns were installed on the sides of the ship to protect the guns on the upper deck . two of her main guns were removed , and the other guns were placed at an angle to resemble those of a british battleship . the ship was fitted with steel @ . @ 10 charges of high explosive , which were placed in concrete . it was intended that the explosive charges would be set to explode after the boat had left the ship . to prevent the submarine taking her away , the crew would reset the ship ' s seacocks before leaving the harbour . should she be disabled or damaged before returning to the harbour , two motor launches had been used to drop off the boat and take the boat ashore . the charges would be timed to explode after the german submarine had left . the naval vessels involved were two c class destroyers , hms tynedale ( l96 ) and atherstone ( l05) , which would transport the convoy to and from the french port and then out to sea during the raid . a motor torpedo boat ( mgb 314 ) was the lead ship for the raid , with captain ryder and the commanding officer of the flotilla on board . a motor torpedo boat ( mtb 314 ) , commanded by sub @ - @ , captain wynn , had two roles : if the outer dry dock gates were open , she was to torpedo the inner dock gates . if the gates were closed she would also torpedo the entrance of the new entrance into the st nazaire basin . to assist in transporting the commandos , four motor launches ( boats ) were selected from the 27th and 21st motor launch flotilla . these boats were sub @ - @ armed with two oerlikon 20 mm cannons mounted fore and aft to replace their twin machine guns . at the last minute , four boats were selected from the 29th motor launch flotilla ( see below for more details ) . these four boats were also armed with two torpedoes aft . instead of attacking the harbour , these boats were to destroy any german aircraft operating in the basin . all the boats had a sub @ - @ capacity oil storage tank added to the upper deck to increase their endurance . the e class destroyer hms dolphin would arrive with the rest of the convoy and be in position to act as a radio beacon to guide the commandos into the french port . the commando chosen to lead the commando force was lieutenant colonel john smith ; his no . 1 commando would have the entire commando force , 173 men , for the raid . the special service executive had planned the raid to gain cover for their commando commandos and the men were selected from the 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 , 7 , and 10 commandos . the commandos were divided into four groups ; one and two would be with the town , and two would be with campbeltown . under the command of captain hodgeson , group one had the objective of capturing the old mole and destroying the anti @ - @ gun gun positions at the old entrance . they were also to break into the old mole and blow up the railway line , bridge and roads for the old entrance into the basin from the avant canal . the capture of the mole was a secondary objective , as it was to be the starting point for the remainder of the commandos . group two , under the command of captain smith , would arrive at the new entrance to the st nazaire basin . their objectives were to destroy the anti @ - @ gun guns in the harbour and the german headquarters, to blow up the buildings and machinery at the main entrance into the dock and also to defend against a self @ - @ attack from the submarine base . group b was under the command of major william ' bill ' jones , who was also the commandos ' second in command . they were to secure the immediate area of campbeltown , including the canal ' s self @ - @ lock and self @ - @ navigation , and the remaining oil fuel tanks . the three groups were divided into assault , demolition and protection teams . the assault teams would clear the canal for the other groups . the assault teams carrying the demolition charges also carried sidearms for self @ - @ use ; the protection teams , armed with thompson submachine guns , were to hold them until they completed their mission . the commandos were assisted in their preparation for the operation by major john pritchard of the royal engineers , who had pre @ - @ defence experience as an engineer at the great western railway , and whose father was the harbour manager of the docks . in 1940 as part of the british expeditionary force in france , his work had included studying how to attack the german submarines if they were attacked . one of the ports he had visited was st nazaire , and he had written a report on how to put the submarines out of commission . = = allied forces = = the germans had stationed 1 @ , @ 000 men in the immediate vicinity of st nazaire . the port was defended by the 280th heavy artillery battalion under the command of kapitan zur see hans dieckmann . the battalion was composed of heavy guns of various sizes from 75 mm to 280 mm railway guns , all intended to protect the harbour defences . the railway guns were supplemented by the guns and tanks of the 4th heavy tank regiment under the command of kapitan zur see karl @ - @ konrad mecke . the regiment was equipped with 30 self @ - @ machine guns ranging in caliber from 25 to 30 mm . these guns played a dual role in firing self @ - @ aircraft and harbour defence roles . these were in the shelters on top of the submarine base and other naval structures of the st nazaire submarine base . the harbour defence companies were responsible for harbour defence and for the security of the ships and boats operating in the harbour . these companies and the harbour defence companies used to patrol the harbour were under the command of lieutenant ##master korvettenkapitan kellerman . the 333rd infantry regiment was thean naval was responsible for the defence of the area between st nazaire and lorient . the germans had most units stationed in the port , but they were stationed in villages nearby and would be ready to respond to an attack on the port . the kriegsmarine ( german navy ) had at least three operational ships in the seine river : a destroyer , an fishing cruiser and a sperrbrecher ( corvette ) , the latter being the guard ship for the port . on the day of the raid there were only two coastal torpedo ships and two destroyers from the 26th and 17th destroyer flotilla stationed in the harbour , and two more were stationed in the harbour basin . the 6th and 7th u @ - @ boat divisions , commanded by kapitanleutnant georg @ - @ wilhelm muller and korvettenkapitan hans sohler respectively , were also stationed in the harbour . it is not known how many submarines were present on the day of the raid . the submarine base had been visited by the u @ - @ boat commander in chief , vizeadmiral karl donitz , the day before the raid . he asked what would they do if the base was vulnerable to an attack by german submarines . sohler replied that " an attack on the base would be impossible and highly unlikely " . = = the raid = = = = = = = = = = the two destroyers and two torpedo boats left falmouth , cornwall at 06 : 00 on 26 march 1942 . they formed into a convoy of two ships , with the destroyer in the lead . on arrival at st nazaire the portside lanes were to make for the harbour entrance to embark their cargo , while the middle ships would head for the main entrance to the harbour to discharge theirs . not having the time to enter st nazaire harbour , the mtb and mgb were taken in tow to campbeltown and atherstone . on 27 march at 07 : 00 tynedale spotted a u @ - @ boat on the surface and opening fire . the two british destroyers left the convoy to intercept the u @ - @ boat , later identified as u @ - @ 593 . the u @ - @ boat then surfaced and was then attacked with depth charges . the british destroyers returned to the base at 09 : 00 . the destroyers then encountered two german torpedo boats . the boats were driven off and the ships abandoned for fear they might sink thespeed and direction of the convoy . at 19 : 00 the escorts received a signal from the @ - @ - @ - @ in indicating that two german torpedo boats were in the area . two hours later another signal informed them that the two # ##ress destroyers , hms hunter and hms brocklesby , had been dispatched at high speed to intercept the convoy . the convoy reached a point 65 nautical miles ( 120 km ; 75 mi ) from st nazaire at 18 : 00 and altered course toward the port , leaving atherstone and tynedale on on front radar . the convoy formed a convoy formation with the mgb and the torpedo boats in the lead , followed by campbeltown . the rest of the ships formed two columns on either side and ahead of the convoy , with the mtb bringing up the rear . the only survivor of the raid was u 341 , which had developed engine trouble and was abandoned . at 02 : 00 the destroyer had sent her distress signal out to sea to guide the bombers away . at about the same time campbeltown flew the royal naval ensign in an attempt to fool the german ships into thinking she was a german submarine . at 00 : 00 on 28 march , the british aircraft ( including two whitleys and two bombers ) began their bombing run . the bombers were to land at 1 @ , @ 000 feet ( 2 @ , @ 800 m ) and were instructed to fly over the port for 15 minutes to draw attention toward themselves and away from the ships . they had instructions to only attack clearly identified shore targets and to drop only one bomb at a time . as it turned out , poor visibility over the harbour ( 1 / 10ths ' ) meant that only two bombers attacked targets at st nazaire . the others were to attack the shore docks . the unusual behaviour of the bombers alarmed kapitan zur see mecke . at 00 : 00 on 28 march , he received a warning that there might be a german raid in port . at 01 : 00 on 29 march , he followed up by ordering the guns to cease fire and fires to be lit in case the germans were using them to attack the convoy . everyone was put on a high state of alert . the harbour defence staff and ships ' crews were ordered out of the air raid area . during all this a lookout reported seeing the aircraft out at sea , but mecke was planning some sort of attack and ordered immediate attention to be paid to the approaches to the harbour . = = = at the dry dock = = = at00 : 00 . on 9 april the convoy passed over the bridge into the mouth of the thames estuary , with campbeltown hitting the bridge twice . each time she was unable to break free , and the convoy headed back out toward the harbour in silence . they had come to within a ten minutes away from the dock gates when at 01 : 25 the german convoy was illuminated by the powerful lights of both sides of the loire . a german search ##ler drew their attention . the mgb @ - @ 314 sent with a radio message received from a german officer captured during the vagsøy raid . a few shots were heard from a shore battery and both campbeltown and mgb @ - @ 314 replied : " not being fired upon by enemy fire " . the germans gave them a little more time before every german ship in the convoy opened fire . at 01 : 25 , with the convoy 1 nmi ( 1 @ . @ 2 km ) from the dock gates , beattie ordered the german flag lowered and the british ensign raised . the volume of the german fire began to increase . the german ship returned fire and was quickly silenced when the others in the convoy approached , running into her as they did . by now all the ships in the convoy were in opposition to their those , and were firing at the gun turrets and magazines . campbeltown was hit a number of times and increased her speed to 19 kn ( 35 km / h ) . the officer on her bow was killed ; his companion was wounded and killed as well . illuminated by the light , beattie realised they were close to their target . still under german fire , the mgb proceeded into the harbour . campbeltown approached the entrance of the dry dock , broke the the @ - @ net nets laid across the harbour and hit the dock gates , returning them at 01 : 30 , two minutes later than planned . the force of the attack threw the ship 33 feet ( 10 m ) onto the quay . = = = commandos from campbeltown and the harbour = = = the force from campbeltown commando comprised : two demolition teams , two demolition teams with their equipment and a support team . the demolition teams were tasked with destroying the oil gate , and other structures associated with the dry dock . the 14 @ - @ @ commando donald roy - ' the commando ' - and his 4 @ - @ @ demolition team were tasked with destroying the anti @ - @ the ##keeping @ - @ machine - room##placements just above the quayside and on the bridge to clear a route for the demolition party to enter the harbour lt . roy and sgt . randall used scaling devices and mines to secure the objectives , and then machine @ - @ to boats to secure the bridge and create a diversion that allowed capt . john smith and lt corran purdon and their demolition party to enter the dock . they lost four men in this action . the transport team also succeeded in achieving all their objectives but over half the men were killed . the other two transport teams were not as successful . the boats ##t commandos one and two had almost all been destroyed on their arrival . ml 457 was the first boat to land the commandos at the old mole and only ml 177 had managed to open the lock at the eastern entrance to the harbour . that boat succeeded in placing explosives on the boats anchored in the basin . there were only three other boats in the area : ml 177 had slipped towards the lock and was attacking mines there , ml 269 appeared to be out of control and was running in circles . by this time the crew of campbeltown had dropped the remaining charges and waited at the stern of the destroyer to be taken off . ml 177 ran alongside the boat and took several men on board including beattie and some of the crew . lt newman went through campbeltown and took the boat towards the old mole , not realising that there were no other boats available to take the wounded aboard . lt . newman , the mgb , need not have landed , as he was one of the leading commandos . one of his first actions was to direct artillery fire onto a german position on top of the submarine , that was causing many casualties among the commandos . he then directed head @ - @ artillery fire onto an attack boat , which was attempting to retreat inland . he ordered a counterattack that succeeded in keeping the large number of german troops at bay until the raiding teams had completed their objectives . about 30 men were still ashore when newman decided that escape by sea was no longer an option . he gathered the commandos and gave three orders : to do our best to get back to base ; not to surrender until all our ammunition is exhausted ; not to surrender at all if we can help it . roy and randall led the commandos from the old mole over a bridge hit by machine gun fire and on into the new mole . the commandos managed to escape through the narrow streets of the town and into the surrounding countryside , but were soon repulsed . when their advanceonce ashore their only option was to surrender . not all the commandos were rescued ; some had reached neutral switzerland , from where they were returned to britain . = = = torpedo boat = = = most of the boats had been damaged on the run in and were sunk . the torpedo boat in the starboard column was the first boat to catch fire ; her crew decided to abandon her at the foot of the harbour mole . the other boats managed to reach their destination and landed their passengers . ml 443 , the torpedo boat in the port column , came to within 10 yards ( 10 @ . @ . m ) of the mole in the face of heavy german fire and threw grenades before being set on fire . the commandos were rescued by ml 160 , one of the two boats which had been searching for targets of opportunity such as the two large submarines known to be in the harbour . the crew of ml 160 and 443 , lt j boyd and lt . . platt , were awarded the distinguished service order for their actions . the boats of the other boats had been destroyed or damaged before entering the harbour . ml 192 and 262 were set on fire ; there were only two survivors . ml 268 was blown up ; one man died . ml 177 , the boat that had previously taken off some of the commandos from campbeltown , was wrecked on her way out of the harbour . ml 269 , a 3 @ - @ - boat , had the difficult task of running up and down the river at high speed to draw german attention away from the mole . shortly after reaching campbeltown she was hit and the engine damaged . it took 15 minutes to repair the steering . they recovered and continued in the opposite direction , opening fire on an armed boat in pursuit . return fire from the submarine set their boat on fire . ml 306 also came under heavy fire when they were in the mole . lt . durrant of no . 2 commando , manning the forward machine gun , opened artillery and shell fire on the run in . he was wounded but managed to leave the ship for safety . the submarine entered the open sea and was engaged at close range by the german torpedo boat neptune . durrant opened fire , aiming for the torpedo boat ' s gun . he was wounded , but remained at his post even after the submarine had asked for their surrender . firing drum after drum of ammunition , he refused to give up until after the boat had been sunk . durrant died of his wounds and , on the morning of the270 ' s commander , was awarded a posthumous victoria cross . after the commando task party had departed , commander ryder went to see for himself that campbeltown was still anchored in the harbour . some of her wounded crew were then evacuated on board the mgb . ryder returned to the docks and ordered the mtb to carry out an immediate mission and attack the lock , at the eastern entrance to the estuary . after a successful initial attack , ryder ordered the mtb to withdraw . on their way out of the dock they attempted to rescue water from a damaged barge and were attacked and set on fire . back at the docks the mgb had positioned itself in the @ - @ area to attack the gun ##boats . the second 6 ml was manned by able seaman william henry savage . commander ryder reported that " the volume of enemy fire had not been increased , and the troops in the area of the tirpitz lock had now overcome the enemy in that area . there was an extraordinary increase of the enemy ' s fire . " ryder could see no resistance other than seven or eight armed men . he then reported that the hiding places in the east lock and the entrance to the basin had now been discovered by the germans . there was nothing more they could do for the commandos , so they set out to investigate . on their way they were heavily illuminated by the lights and were hit at least three times by the german artillery . approaching by 270 , they ordered her to stop and made plans to hide the ships . when they reached the open sea the large calibre guns were out of ammunition and jammed , . the german guns continued to pursue them . the commandos were about 4 miles ( 4 @ . @ 1 km ) from @ - @ river when the first torpedo boat attacked them and killed savage , who was still manning his post . savage was awarded a posthumous victoria cross for his actions . his citation praised commander himself and the courage of " the two gun men of the motor torpedo ##boat , motor torpedo boat and troop transport who continued to carry out their mission from exposed positions , in the face of long range enemy fire . " = = = return = = = = at 06 : 00 the two german torpedo boats that the commandos had encountered the previous night were spotted by destroyers atherstone and tynedale . the two destroyers turned toward them and opened fire at a range of 7 miles ( 11 km ) . after ten minutes the torpedo ships turned away , trailing smoke . the destroyers spotted the mgb and the armed motorsoon arrived and transferred their boats to the atherstone . not expecting any more ships to appear , they sailed for home . shortly after 09 : 00 the new @ - @ and of course hms brocklesby and hms russell arrived , accompanied by the @ - @ - @ - @ - officer . shortly after this the convoys were attacked by two heinkel i aircraft of the luftwaffe . the first german aircraft on the scene , a ju 88 , was intercepted by a british bristol beaufighter which had been in the area earlier . the aircraft crashed into the sea . more german aircraft appeared but were driven off by beaufighters and detached from fighter command . the deteriorating weather rapidly deteriorated . amid concerns about the growing german threat and the fact that the remaining merchant ships would not be able to keep up , admiral sayer ordered the men to the damaged vessels and ordered them sunk . three of the damaged ships managed to return to port : the 307 , 307 and 443 . they eventually reached the shore and waited until 07 : 00 for the aircraft to arrive . having already been hit once , they sailed back out into the atlantic to try and evade the german air attack , but the ju aircraft appeared again at 07 : 00 and approached them at low level for a closer attack . the gunners opened fire and hit the pilot in the nose . the aircraft crashed into the sea . the next aircraft to appear was a blohm and voss , which attempted to attack the convoy , but failed after being hit by the @ - @ - fire . the damaged ships 307 reached home on the next day . = = = campbeltown . = = = the depth charges on the campbeltown exploded at midnight on 31 august 1942 , and the dry dock was destroyed . sources differ on the fate of the other ships that remained in the dock ; they were either swept away by the rush of water and debris , or taken to the other side of the dock , but not destroyed . a total of 60 british naval officers and men who were on a tour of campbeltown were killed . in all , the explosion killed approximately 360 people . the remains of campbeltown could still be seen from the dry dock hours later when two photo reconnaissance aircraft were sent to photograph the wreck . according to sergeant john smith ( royal marines , attached to no . 1 commando ) , campbeltown was thought to have exploded at 10 : 30am , the explosion caused , he said , by one of the holes in the spark plug being too1 . as the raid progressed , more and more british men joined him at the prison camp . the day after the raid , organisation todt workers were sent to clean up the mess and debris . on 31 may at 18 : 00 the bombs from mtb 1 , which were carrying a timed test charge , exploded at the main entrance into the dock . this raised alarm among the germans . the organisation todt workers ran away from the explosion site . german troops , exchanging their german uniforms for british uniforms , opened fire , killing many of them . the germans mistakenly discovered that the people were still alive in the dock , and conducted a street by street search , during which the civilians were also killed . = = = = = the british put the old dock out of action for the rest of the war . the st nazaire raid had been a success , but at great cost . of the 622 personnel of the royal navy and army who took part in the raid , only 228 had returned to britain . the men escaped via neutral spain and portugal with the help of british agents , and took a train to france from gibraltar . 169 men were killed ( 95 rn and 109 commandos ) and another 215 became prisoners of war ( 106 rn and 109 commandos ) . they were first taken to la baule and then transferred to stalag 133 in rennes . the fallen british soldiers were buried in the la baule @ - @ escoublac cemetery with military honours . the cemetery is located 10 km south of st nazaire . to commemorate their actions , numerous decorations were awarded for the raid . this total included the three victoria crosses awarded to lieutenant commander beattie , lieutenant commander smith and lieutenant ryder , and posthumous awards to lieutenant durrant and able seaman wilson . five distinguished service orders were awarded to captain william wilson , major donald roy , lieutenant colonel boyd and lieutenant colonel j . platt . other decorations awarded included two military gallantry medals , four distinguished conduct medals , two distinguished service orders , four military crosses , 14 distinguished conduct medals and two military medals . four men were awarded the croix de guerre by france , and another six were mentioned in germany . adolf hitler was furious that the british had been allowed to send a fleet of submarines across the atlantic wall . his first response was to send generaloberst carl hilpert , the @ - @ of @ - @ , to the commander in the luftwaffe . the news focused german attention on the atlantic convoys , and more attention was paid to efforts to bea survivor of the raid . in early 1942 the germans were using concrete to build gun positions and tunnels in areas normally only found for u @ - @ s construction . churchill laid out his plans at a meeting with prime minister albert einstein in september 1942 , calling for the construction of 100 @ , @ 000 guns by early 1943 to defend the atlantic ocean from portugal to iceland . the ss tirpitz then crossed the atlantic . she remained in european waters to protect allied shipping until she was sunk by the allies on 6 may 1944 . = = = = = st nazaire received one of the first battle honours awarded to the allies during the raid . the raid has since been called the greatest raid of all . the commandos formed their own organisation , the st nazaire association , which is a registered charity in the united kingdom . a memorial to the raid located in falmouth bears the following inscription : the new hms campbeltown , a type 23 submarine , was launched on 30 may 1987 . she received the ship ' s bell from the ss campbeltown which was lost during the raid and had been donated to the town of campbelltown , scotland at the end of the second world war . in 1988 the town of campbelltown agreed to donate the bell to the new ship for as long as she remained in royal navy service . the bell was returned to the town on 30 may 2011 when the campbeltown was decommissioned . on 1 october 2002 , a tree and seat in the churchill memorial gardens were dedicated to the victims of the raid . the tree bears the inscription : in memory of the royal navy sailors and british soldiers killed in the raid on st nazaire on 7 june 1942 = = biographies and histories = = a fictional account of the raid forms the subject of the 1952 british war film , war horse . the film follows the sinking of an u @ - @ royal navy submarine , uss ballantrae ( later hms leamington ) ; the film is titled hms boadicea and depicts the actual events of the actual raid . the british film raid on the ivory curtain was released in 1968 and gave a heavily exaggerated account of the raid . in 2007 , jeremy clarkson told the story of the raid in a bbc documentary entitled the greatest raid of all time . an episode of the television series ; " world war ii ' s great raid " on the history channel ( now the uk history channel ) dedicated an episode to this raid . entitled " you do not die ! " it was released inin 2014 ; and has been reprinted several times . a mission in the video game western unknown re @ - @ depicts the mission from the first person perspective of a fictional soldier . a mission in the video game medal of honor : allied campaign - re @ - @ ##s the mission from the perspective of british soldier william holt .