= hellblazer = hellblazer ( also known as john constantine , hellblazer ) is an american supernatural horror comic book series , originally created by marvel comics , and published by the vertigo imprint since march 1993 when the character was launched . its main character is the fictional detective john constantine , who was created by alan moore and stephen j . bissette , and first appeared as a supporting character in the pages of the swamp thing # 1 ( october 1985 ) , during that creative team ' s run on that title . hellblazer has been published continuously since march 1988 , and is vertigo ' s longest running title , the only continuing title from the company ' s history . in 2013 , the series ended with issue 11 , and has been succeeded by another new comics character , constantine . best known for its political and social commentary , the series has spawned several radio series , television series , miniseries , and # @ - @ series and sequels . the series is the longest @ - @ series and one of the most popular titles of dc ' s vertigo imprint , and is the stepping stone to mainstream other comics . notable writers who have contributed to the series include jamie delano , garth ennis , terry jenkins , warren ellis , grant morrison , neil gaiman , dan carey , andy diggle , and peter milligan . hellblazer was one of the first american american science comics series and has influenced the series to date . = = = = = = after positive critical response to john constantine ' s appearance in the comic book series swamp thing , where he had been created by alan moore during his run of the series , the character was given his own comic book series in 1988 . the series was originally to carry the title hellraiser , but this title was rejected for publication due to the upcoming publication of clive barker ' s comic series of the same name . the writer jamie delano was , in his own words , " very unhappy " about the choice of title . the initial creative team included writer jamie delano and artist stan ridgway , with dave mckean providing the art and drawn artwork . delano added a british accent to the series , of which he said : " . . . . i was interested in focusing on great britain . that was where i was from , that was america , and i wanted to touch everybody . " the series , originally conceived as a monthly dc comics title , became a vertigo title with the imprint ' s launch in march 1993 ( issue # 1 of the series ) .in december 2011 , it was announced that this would follow dc rebirth in being released monthly on the same schedule as the print publication , beginning in january 2012 . = = = artist team = = = several writers had long worked on the series , such as garth ennis and dan carey , who respectively had the first - and earth @ - @ - runs on the series , ( just with peter milligan ) . other writers who wrote for the series included mark jenkins , warren ellis , brian azzarello , neil gaiman , grant morrison , denise richards , and peter milligan . other artists worked on the series as well , such as stan ridgway ( the original cover artist ) , john bisley , mark buckingham , richard corben , steve dillon , marcelo frusin , williams , david lloyd , carlos manco , and sean phillips . other artists include dave mckean ( who drew the first half of the series ' covers ) , tim moore ( who drew the second ) , david fabry , brian smith , david lloyd , and sean phillips . = = = the original = = = = = writer and characters = = = hellblazer was set in a fictional world , albeit a world of magic and supernatural elements behind the scenes . although # 1 made a brief reference to superheroes , the series since became its own fictional universe in which the supernatural and magic did not play a significant role in the lives of the ordinary people , and in the @ - @ run , no superhero ##es were mentioned or hinted at , suggesting that superheroes no longer existed there . however , other dc comics characters — , and the various supernatural creatures such as zatanna , the phantom stranger , batman , the invisible man , land of the dead , and swamp thing made appearances . john constantine , the main protagonist of hellblazer , was portrayed as a combination of con man and private ##ist who did morally questionable things , often for the greater good . he often won over lies , manipulation , and manipulation , and often made more enemies in the process than he intended . however , it was a recurring theme in the series that he was unable to achieve any positive change or achieve his goals . while always working for the good of others , he was often unpredictable and a difficult person to have as a leader , and the lives and fates of those around him were increasingly involved in his schemes . constantine took measures to protect himself from supernatural forces , but his life andthey were often summoned in dreams to look after him . the ghosts of his relatives visited him , alone , with an army of sorts . constantine made appearances in several comic book series , such as crisis on infinite earth , infinite crisis , green arrow , green lantern , the flash , batman , and constantine , the invisible man . constantine was a prominent supporting character in both swamp thing and the ministry of magic in their respective series . early attempts to use the character as a superhero or other @ - @ friendly titles were unsuccessful due to his differences , such as " gregori eilovotich ##os " in constantine and the america ( who referred to constantine as " an old man from disguise " ) . dc also created " willoughby constantine " for doom , after being refused permission by constantine , comparing his appearance to that of richard henry ##bb in withnail and i , in which phil foglio was asked to create " ambroise bertrand " in man and his robots , having been rejected by constantine and willoughby himself . john constantine was reintroduced into the dc universe in 2011 , appearing in the brightest day crossover , the search for the swamp thing , and in the 2012 the new 52 title justice league unlimited . = = = 1988 – 1991 : jamie delano ( # # – ##年 , # 001 ) = = = having previously worked on j . a . & quinch for 2000 ad , a series made possible by john constantine ' s creator alan grant , delano was asked to write the character ' s long run in his own right by dc editor karen berger in 1988 . delano ' s run was marked by his political stance , drawing on many 1980s and 1990s themes such as with the characters becoming elected politicians , and john meeting with representatives from the houses of parliament . he also had social themes growing up , as in " the time factor " ( # # 1 @ - @ friendly ) , where he moves in with a small group of friends ##ists . however , editor karen berger mentions in delano ' s website the fact that his political decision was published out the week that margaret thatcher was voted out of office . there are two main stories in the series . the first , known as " mortal man " , begins with constantine travelling to hell to fight a demon , mnemoth , and join a religious cult known as satan ' s gate , crossing paths with a man named satan ( from whom he drinks demon blood ) , and deciding to fightand for killing an old man , named cooper , and injuring another , named john , in the process . the final two issues , " the devil you know " , revealed constantine ' s failure to save a young woman , astra , from a fire in hell , an event that left him temporarily blinded and imprisoned in an asylum known as ravenscar , and has led him to the world ' s end . he later discovers that the demon responsible for this is constantine , and uses a clever device to defeat him , and send him back to hell . it also featured a confrontation with swamp thing , where constantine keeps his body when the swamp thing uses it to escape . this was followed by a further three @ - @ alone story arcs , " the time machine " , revolving around a secret ritual to harvest mankind ' s souls , in order to create a cthulhian being known as juntakillokian , and his attempts to do this with the help of others , including mercury , a young psychic medium , and marj , her mother , with whom he becomes deeply involved . the final regular issue of delano ' s run was " the invisible man " , which differs from the main plot of the series thus far in that constantine ' s father was not john ( in an early metafictional crossover with the title character ) , but a former cop turned serial killer . john ' s personal dilemma as to whether death is morally justified , and his obsession with the death of his father , john , inspired this story . during this run of the series , grant morrison ( issues # 25 & 26 ) and neil gaiman ( issue # 28 ) were brought back during the three @ - @ alone arc , with morrison ' s story dealing with his death , and neil gaiman ' s being a non - love character . delano ' s run ended with " the lost age " , where he is reunited with marj and mercury , who help him discover that he has his genetically altered twin in the past , and in an epilogue flashback , in which we are shown what would have happened had the other twin been in his body . during his run , there was also a three @ - @ alone issue , the hellblazer chronicles # 1 , detailing john ' s life , and also the lyrics to john ' s favorite song , the cure ' s song " king of the hardsell " . jamie delano returned to the series on two occasions . during the garth ennis and craig jenkins runin hellblazer , he also wrote the story of how john ' s best friend chas ' saved ' him , and he returned again for one of the first new stories in issue # 250 . he also wrote the limited series the horrorist in 1995 , and new blood in 2000 , both featuring john constantine . a more recent return was made in 2010 for the new graphic novel hellblazer : trouble with the intent to commemorate the 50th anniversary of john constantine ' s first appearance in swamp thing . = = = 1991 – 1999 : garth ennis ( # 81 – ##年 , # 129 – 133 ) and terry jenkins ( # 101 – 128 ) = = = = = garth ennis first took over the title in 1991 , moving from 2000 ad , where he had been working on judge dredd . he was to have the longest run for a writer of the title . his run on the title was more successful than jamie delano ' s , with john ' s past coming to the fore . it also had a more religious theme , with john ' s relationship with the first of the fallen , and other elements , such as the relationship between an angel , john , and a female girl , ellie , would go on to be used again as a major plot point in constantine , one of his most popular series . it also featured the music of the pogues and the poetry of brendan behan , both of these being references to ennis ' christian roots . his run ended with " unfinished business " ( # @ - @ 67 ) , which was the basis for the 2005 film preacher , and ended with john constantine battling brain cancer , and the secret deal he makes with the first of the fallen , and the other creatures of hell , to save himself . in the process of trying to save himself , john visits england , where he becomes friends with kit ryan , an old friend . the first four issues covered the early stages of his relationship with kit , his attempt to put a queen on the english throne in the plotline " new world " , and in the following issue # 51 , his first encounter with the queen of the fairies . a major arc in this run ( issue # 51 ) was written by british writer kevin smith . the next major arc , " fear and hope " ( # 62 @ - @ 62 ) was the turning point of john ' s personal life , with his relationship with kit as well , and a surprise meeting , where his friends ellie , zatanna , and thethe thing appears , and uses their combined powers to steal a large bottle of bushmills , and escapes . the story then takes him to his breaking point , with his involvement with the western world , their actions towards mary , and her urging him to return to england . despite this , he is defeated , and left alone on the streets , unable to forget his troubles . this is the case until the lord of the underworld knocks him down , and is infected with his new form , knocking him out in the dark until sunrise , killing him . after his death , the story " heaven ' s gate " ( issues # 71 – 73 ) involves a trip to the future , where john is transported into an unnamed universe by his old friend , midnite , a vodun priestess . john is visited by the ghost of lincoln , who appears to keep his bandages in order from his head injury . he eventually learns how to speak , just before transforming into the first of the fallen , in the form of abraham lincoln . there then follows a short story where john meets the ghost of a dead man in london , bringing some answers to his current adventures . ennis ' run concludes with " standing at the gates of hell " , a story which again ties into the original run , with riots in the end , with the real @ - @ , brixton and broadwater street riots in london , the assassination ##s of the first of the fallen , culminating in " bad love " , and the breakdown of john ' s relationship with kit ryan . john ' s final battle attack leaves this story with nothing , and a relatively clean slate for a new writer to take over . after a brief stint by from ##m writer eddie murphy , the series ' writing was taken over by mark jenkins in 1995 . jenkins had been the editor of teenage mutant ninja turtles and other marvel comics titles . he was ties to american publishing companies , gaining experience of comics , and had managed to gain control of hellblazer , the only previously american title to do this . his first @ - @ years run is the only ever to go unpublished . jenkins ' run is more explicitly american in its style , with history , urban legend , and old english literature also around , and includes an introduction by writer day moore , and a brief account of the life of kubla khan , and what the origins of the ' man from porlock ' might have meant . jenkins also contributed to jamie delano ' s depiction of urban ##ism , and the effects ofthe criminal justice act of 1994 , a british law which limits the ability of the public to attend large and political parties . notable stories in this run include " black mass " , where john is forced to use drugs to transfer his demonic blood into his human being , in order to avoid being sent to hell as part of his plan to become the dead son of a gangster , and creating the new character , in ##ess , with the help of aleister crowley . the # 100th issue reveals more details about john constantine ' s life , and the close relationship that they once had . however , it is unclear as to whether this is happening in reality , or in his mind . constantine is in a coma . " last man standing " reveals that his son john is the direct descendant of king arthur , and constantine ' s plan to destroy constantine ' s existence , an act which would destroy mankind , uses constantine ' s few remaining friends as bait . the tenth anniversary issue differs from the previous run , with ##voking the fourth issue , and presents the readers as if they were in a meeting with constantine for a final time together to discuss his plans . over the course of the series , many of the characters from constantine ' s run appear , starting with one of the fallen from hell . there are several appearances by writers and artists , including series creator alan moore , garth ennis , and jenkins himself . jenkins ' run finally comes to a close with two stories , " up the spiral stairs " and " how to play with fire " , which reveal the church of the devil ' s ultimate mission , to not make society destroy itself through greed and movies , and ellie ' s decision to leave john cold and alone . constantine finally kills himself , as a final deus ex machina , and a final confrontation with rich . however , at that point he and his friends abruptly end their ties with constantine , and the character continues the story alone . paul jenkins briefly returns for four of the final stories in issue # 250 . ennis later returned to the title in 1998 with " son of constantine " , filling the gap between paul jenkins ' and warren ellis ' runs on the title . this somewhat unrelated story was about the idea of constantine finding the missing body of an east end gangster , and the souls of the deceased . jenkins also had two books published during his run on the title , the hellblazer , and crossroads , which followed jack ryan ' s return to england . = = = 1999 – 2002 = == = = = = warren ellis ( # 134 – 143 ) = = = = warren ellis took over the title in 1999 , following his run on transmetropolitan which was moved to the vertigo imprint , following the demise of image comics . ellis was set to be a dc @ - @ contributing writer for several issues , like delano , ennis and jenkins preceded him , but left the title early when he refused to publish the story " chicago " , a a school shooting , and the chicago high school shooting , despite the fact it had been written and published prior to the event . the story was finally published in 2010 . his second tenure ended with " isabel " , a meta @ - @ short story in which he investigates the mysterious murder of his former student , isabel by the aleister crowley ##ian killer , john cooper . the story introduces , and features , characters that are an integral part of the hellblazer universe , including lady watford ( familiar from jamie delano ' s run on the title ) , former nurse clarice , and merlin , a former mayor who takes on city ##r in his role as mayor of souls . the remainder of ellis ' s run was taken up with single issue stories , such as " black sun " . = = = = brian azzarello ( # 146 – 174 ) = = = = after a brief run by guest writer darko macan , the title was again taken over by brian azzarello , once again , on the basis of his previous series for dc , silver stories . azzarello ' s run included a of meta @ - @ story , that follows john constantine on a trip to europe , beginning with his stint in france , and eventually running a spy ring , becoming a serial killer , taking down a secret nazi mission and finally meeting with the hero of his life , john j . smith , a london @ - @ time version of himself . brian azzarello will return for one of the new stories in issue # 250 . = = = 2002 – 2006 : mike carey ( # 146 – 215 , # 229 ) = = = following azzarello ' s departure , writer mike carey took over the title , following his eisner dc @ - @ time 2006 run , set in the dc universe . carey ' s run attempts to return john constantine to his roots , with the story being set back in time , and featuring many characters from previous run of the title . mike carey now has theand of being the first artist to create the holy bible . his is the second longest run by a single writer of the title , second only to garth ennis . the first of his run features angie constantine , a former wizard , and also his niece , gemma constantine , who has recently gone into madness again , to her family ' s world . after clearing his uncle ' s house of an evil spirit , and discovering that gemma has gone mad , john travels to london , to find his former enemies and friends , all taking part in the search for a magical item , known as the black book . he constantine finds the treasure , and rescues gemma , saving her from his old enemy john drake . after many adventures , john then travels the world to set up a date for a great tragedy , which will occur when " the gates are opened " , involving swamp thing and the garden of eden amongst others . john ' s plans have little effect , however , as he is tricked into releasing the guardian that had been controlling the apocalypse , and the beast which will restore the collective unconscious of humanity . john then cuts his own throat , in order to free himself from it , and performs a mind game on the beast , giving his friends power to enter the collective unconscious to free the guardian that had kept the beast imprisoned . however , during this run , swamp thing has his own body stolen , setting up the second run of the title , relaunched shortly afterwards . in the process john loses his memories , setting up the events leading up to the final run . leading up to the final run , john has no control over himself , and is helped along by a mysterious serial killer , who wants to kill chas and his friends , and a witch , rosacarnis , who wants his memories back , at the cost of countless years of her time . john eventually gives into this temptation , and the final run shows how rosacarnis altered his memories , having him have three children with her , under the form of mary ryan , from garth ennis ' run on the show , sam , from jamie delano ' s , and angie , from the fourth run , with three different artists , steve dillon , marcelo frusin and carlos manco , contributing a story , covering the past , present and future of the characters . carey ' s first run featured the events of john ' s three young friends trying to kill all of his enemies and friends , resulting in thethat of his mother , cheryl , at the hands of her abusive husband . john then goes into hell to try to free her soul , with the help of rosacarnis ' servant , john . the attempt ultimately succeeds , and john is alive , and decides to learn more . dan carey returned to the title for a split year during denise mina and andy diggle ' s run on the title , and also wrote the # @ - @ the hellblazer graphic novel , his life : a mysterious plague across the world . = = = 2006 – 2013 = = = = = = = denise mina ( # 216 – 228 ) = = = = denise mina had not written for marvel when she took over the title in 2006 , but has two other graphic novels to her name , the garnetthill series , the first of which won the cwa award for best graphic graphic novel . her run on the title took john to scotland , to try to uncover a conspiracy to make everybody sleep with each other . however , he fails to do this , and , overwhelmed by the horror and power they ' re able to empathically witness , riots occur among the people of scotland . with help from john taylor , angie , and chas morgan , a plan to solve the process is underway , but tension builds among the soldiers , and the city . the soldiers now listen to a world football match between england and scotland on the radio . when england wins the match , it appears all ends well , but the resulting mass suicide fails to occur . the soldiers are cheered , and england ' s victory is inevitable , saving the day , and proving there ' s an element of fear in war . = = = = andy diggle ( # 230 – 249 ) = = = = andy diggle , having previously written the hellblazer comics , john constantine , and the titles the thing and the thing , took over the title in 2007 , first new writer for 2000 ad to have done this . he left the title in 2009 after signing an exclusive contract with vertigo . the series begins by introducing two main characters , an evil sorcerer , who are using a dimensional ability to enter other people ' s minds and commit suicide , and constantine , a powerful mage who kills other people in order to gain their powers . john ' s attempt to play them against one another eventually succeeds in making them join him in a larger battle . he then defeats them both with relative difficulty , and thehow this has been very successful . it soon becomes clear that john has been betrayed by the ' lost one ' , his twin who did not survive him , and has been manipulating him for the rest of the series , including his brush with death and various other things . he rejects his twin ' s offer to live again , believing that his twin has been manipulating his resolve over the events to make him accept this offer , choosing instead to take control of his own body . = = = = peter milligan ( # 250 – ##年 ) = = = = peter milligan , a creator of the comic series , who created the series , the changing man and resurrection man at the title ' s request , quickly took over , starting with a new stint in the # 250th issue , and taking over the @ - @ continuity after this . his staff made several major changes , including john constantine ' s death and the removal of his thumb . in a major twist , milligan ' s run of the series began with john living in relative bliss with his niece , gemma . over the course of the entire series , several new characters were introduced , including phoebe constantine , the adopted daughter of a wealthy london gangster , and julian , a powerful wizard . over the course of the series , john dealt with the demon seeking revenge on those involved in the coal miners ' strike . , and with help from shade , the changing man , after cutting off his own thumb , watched phoebe die at the hands of julian , and traveled to london to try to find a way of finding her . after this , john realized that he was in love with phoebe , and married her in the 275th issue . however , the aftermath of this story turned john ' s nurse gemma against him , leading to the character allegedly sexually attacking her in the process . the aftermath of this horrific incident turned her against john , and she enlisted the help of a coven of witches to stop him , which all came to a head when she was forced to fight off a powerful demon sent by them using john ' s stolen trenchcoat to kill him . meanwhile , john ' s coat ( which was sold on ebay ) continued to lure its various previous owners into murder , theft , and other evil ways until falling into the possession of a demon from the u . s . , who attempted to kill john and phoebe . during the time the man was sold , john ' s supernatural powers had begun to spiral out of control . he eventually realized this , and he wasre @ - @ s with his sister . since this , gemma and john developed a very close relationship with one another , and she began a romantic relationship with john ' s re @ - @ s , finn in order to " protect " him . when john told her about this , however , she told him that she would not leave unless she was able to free her son ' s soul from hell . john agreed . in order to get his sister to leave him , john decided to track down her son , his own son , in ireland . on october 1 , 2012 , the series was announced , ending with issue 13 , after which a new series , constantine premiered on the vertigo line of marvel comics . in 2013 , john is visited by the three fates , who told him that he would finally accept his fate in three days . having lived a long and happy life , john finally accepted his fate rather than having to escape , as he usually does . when the final day came , john was shot and killed in his own home , in front of a new generation . before he died , gemma and john had an affair as a way to punish each other . constantine ' s father saw them having sex in the house and asked to have his way , making the fates think that john wasn ' t going to have to come back to hell . which , of course , he died . john contacted gemma and asked her to help save him by giving him cigarettes from his pocket , which , when he smoked them , made him die again . deciding to try and live happily ever after with gemma , they went to a safe house in ireland , home of constantine , that was completely off the grid and far away from any real danger , the last place anyone would think to look for him . that didn ' t last long , though , because he knew he could never escape from his fate . so he left ireland for ireland and went to hell to find gemma . he found the black box of the dart that killed his evil father , but then gave it back to gemma and told her that she could kill him , and live her life without him anymore , either with guilt for murdering him , or she could let him go from her life forever , without any remorse for killing him . she threw the dart at him , and he missed . the final issue of hellblazer showed john , looking different and much older than we ' ve ever seen him , sitting in aand one , " a dark day ' s end " , by flowers , in front of a table full of cards with the names of the comic ' s characters over the top . = = justice league dark , continuity and shade = = in 2011 , it was announced that a new john constantine would appear in justice league dark , one of the new titles announced as part of the 2011 ' s dc universe update . he was to be part of a team with batman , the invisible man , deadman and madame xanadu , known as justice league dark . as part of the dc universe update in september 2011 , peter milligan wrote the series which featured an older version of john constantine as a key member of the story . milligan wrote eight issues of justice league dark , with artist jeff lemire taking over from issue 8 . on may 22 , 2012 , dc announced that hellblazer would be cancelled after its 12th issue , and would be replaced by constantine written by john venditti and art by renato guedes , the younger new 52 version constantine , rather than the constantine from hellblazer , depicted as being in his late 20s . the latter series officially ended its run with its 12th issue on april 22 , 2015 . however , the character would later appear in a limited series john constantine : the hellblazer , written by ming doyle and drawn by david rossmo , and launched on june 30 , 2015 . writer ming doyle expressed interest at her decision to portray constantine , stating that the purpose of putting the name hellblazer next to the comic ' s name was to " bring him back to what he was from the beginning . " = = time and space = = hellblazer was first published during the early years of the modern era of comics , and so its themes are dark , violent , violent and emotionally ambiguous like its predecessors . hellblazer combines fantasy and real ##ist elements , similar to urban horror , with noire , noir and other science fiction elements . unlike most comic books , hellblazer is unique because it goes through events throughout a span of several years , with the protagonist john constantine appearing in every issue . because of this , writers of the genre often include their country ' s political and social issues in their stories . when jamie delano first wrote the series in the late 1980s and early 1990s , his themes were heavily influenced by the genres known as punk rock and the british underground . delano would be the first to express his political views into the series , an element never before seen in comicsissues , such as his negative portrayal of gaddafi ' s regime and in 2005 , the war on terror . this made john very different from other comic book writers of that time , in that he portrayed the political and social issues of 1970s britain . when garth ennis took over vertigo , he introduced his own themes of violence and racial hatred , as did his depiction of the falklands war . the more recent writer , brian azzarello , included themes such as neo @ - @ day , child abuse and racism . during warren ellis ' run , he included two punk ##boys in a neo @ - @ day , which led to a minor controversy . in his absence , spike milligan decided to include political music in the comic , with the writer trying to reacquire his former political identity , while also portraying the british government as being parasitic , with the punk ##s protesting against this perceived oppression and corruption . as such , much of hellblazer ' s dark humor figures from the politics and turmoil of the time . although set in the 1970s , many famous british figures have appeared or made appearances such as sid vicious , margaret thatcher , aleister crowley and alan moore . as described by warren ellis , hellblazer ' s main themes are death , revenge and " sudden death " , with the writer often telling the story in dark humour with the violations of the fourth wall . throughout the story arcs the power he gains has a tragic side effect and often leads to disaster . his friends , family , and others would be killed or even killed in the process , many of them dead or having abandoned him . he tries his best to do something good with his life , with all of it leading to disaster . = = = = = in the five years that it had been published , hellblazer had normally been very well received . despite never matching the success of ' mainstream ' comics , it had achieved high sales , including being one of the best selling vertigo titles , and was supported by strong sales of trade paperback . hilary goldstein of ign described it as , " often funny , sometimes dark and almost always funny , the adventures of the hellblazer are among the best vertigo has to offer . " neo @ - @ ! comic book creator warren ellis has cited the series as his favorite , describing it as " among the very best comic books of the 1990 ' s . " andre norton from time magazine listed it among the " 10 must read graphic novels " , describing itas " one of the best of its kind " , and that his " story and art style have been praised throughout its run . " david tutton of empire magazine ranked the series as # 6 of his " most best new horror stories " , stating that " even ’ his most terrifying stories are always close enough to that kind of terror to convince you that some people can be as frightening as a monster or demon can . " jamie delano ' s first work on the series was looked upon positively , with writer kate braithwaite stating , " his work on the character of john constantine has never been forgotten . delano ' s mortal constantine graphic novel should be in every comic book fan ' s collection . " she stated that , " his work creates an incredible sense of horror and wonder in the reader . " ign listed the series as one of the 100 best comic books , describing john constantine as " one of vertigo ' s best characters . " garth ennis ' work was also well praised , particularly dangerous habits , which was named the best garth ennis story in comic book history , ahead of his run on constantine , the avengers and the punisher . in the same article brian cronin named dillon ' s long time friend , kate ryan , as one of the series ' most memorable characters . the success of ennis and dillon ' s run on hellblazer is partially responsible for vertigo deciding to publish their ongoing john constantine . wizard magazine described dangerous habits , as " easily one of the most memorable in comic book history . " david fabry who was the cover artist during ennis ' run , won an eisner award for " best cover art " in 1995 . the creator of the series , alan moore , praised jamie delano ' s portrayal of the character , stating " [ delano ] demonstrated again that modern horror didn ' t start with the smoke and dimly lit streets at the end of the victorian era . " moore also praised brian azzarello ' s work on the character , stating that azzarello and corben brought the character " alive , deep and to the core . " the character received positive critical reception while appearing in the series . wizard magazine ranked him third in their 100 greatest comic books of all time , while ign ranked him # 1 in their top 100 comic book heroes , and the series ranked # 1 in wizard magazine ' s top 100 comic book heroes of all time . = = = = = = = the comic book ' s sudden release , andthe sale of the character to vertigo led to many negative reactions and criticism . notably , vertigo editor , michael fialkov expressed that he would never get to meet " the ' real ' john constantine " , with horror writer and former hellblazer writer ian mcdonald stating that constantine was the only comic book character he ever wanted to write for , and alan moore ' s wife , leah , expressed hope that constantine could be hellblazer , among others . as a result , vertigo comics @ - @ president dan didio issued a statement regarding this decision , saying that , " hellblazer ' s had a long and very successful run and that ' s a tip of the hat to all the great writers that have worked on the character over the years . the john constantine series will bring him back to his roots in the dcu and will be the start of an amazing saga . " comics bulletin described hellblazer ' s departure as , " the end of an era for constantine " , claiming it to be " one of a handful of books from the late 1970s that helped comic books and their fans catch up . " hellblazer revived the popularity and influence of the modern science fiction genre and brought it to its current form . many other works of the genre such as hellboy , batman , batman , the matrix , and the dresden files have been influenced by constantine , and modern adaptations of both the comic and the films , such as doc savage , batman , blood , and others . its name and characters have been used hundreds of times in other media and many versions of the original john constantine have appeared . = = = = = = = other works = = = = = = paperback = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = the only version of hellblazer ever made for the cinema was one of the scenes in the 2002 feature film the mindscape of alan moore , which was released in early 2002 . the plot is of the john constantine character walking through time and , in the final version , experiencing a personal experience of death . in 2005 , constantine was released , a feature film that did not have the same title as the comic book , in order to avoid confusion with the hellraiser film series . the only references to the character of john constantine are the title and a plotline loosely based on the " criminal minds " story arc ( hellblazer # 45 – ##1 ) . dc films announced a sequel to the 2005 feature film was in the works , with producer lorenzodi bonaventura agreed to the film . he said : " we ' d like to do it . . . we want to make a tough , f @ - @ ing version of constantine . we ' re going to go up the budget of the film to try and get the producers to go ahead and do a bigger version of it . " in december 2012 , director guillermo del toro briefly discussed the possibility of making a film that would feature john constantine alongside other dc / marvel characters such as zatanna , the flash , and constantine . = = = = = = = in january 2014 it was announced that dan goyer and rick cerone were developing a television series based on hellblazer and that nbc had ordered a pilot for it . a few days later it was announced that neil jordan would be directing the pilot . the series will follow constantine in his final years , defending humanity against evil forces from evil . in april , 2014 it was announced that american actor will ryan ( whose roles include criminal minds : weapon x and john kenway in assassin ' s creed iv : black ops ) would play the role of constantine in the tv series constantine . on march 6 , nbc announced it had officially picked up constantine for the fall 2014 season . the series aired for 13 episodes , and on may 15 , 2015 , nbc canceled constantine after the end of its third season . it was also announced that the character of constantine as played by ryan would be featured in the second season of the cw ' s supernatural . = = = others = = = thq released a video game in r @ - @ ing of the series titled constantine . the song scream in the night by ookla the mok was written from constantine ' s point of view , with a possible reference to ' the constantine story ' . the song " rise of the hardsell " , which first appeared in hellblazer # # 1 and written by jamie delano , was covered by the musical band spiderlegs . science fiction writer james shirley is credited with all several hellblazer stories , including the first of the first series . the comic hellblazer : dark ##bound features shirley talking about " a john constantine from an alternate universe , [ who ] has black hair and lives most of his life in los angeles " whilst giving a brief summary of the film ' s plot .