= = cullen = barry john cullen ( born august 2 , 1964 ) is a canadian retired professional ice hockey player who played in the national hockey league ( nhl ) for the pittsburgh penguins , hartford senators , toronto maple leafs and tampa bay lightning . he was a standout forward for pittsburgh , and was the nhl ' s all @ - @ time leading scorer . after the buffalo sabres drafted him in the 1986 nhl entry draft and chose not to offer him a contract , cullen signed with the flint generals of the international hockey league ( ihl ) for the 1987 – - season where he was named the ihl ' s all @ - @ player of the year and most valuable player after leading the league in scoring . his career effectively ended in 1997 when he was diagnosed with the @ - @ time disease . he made a brief comeback in 1998 after an 11 @ - @ year battle with the disease , for which the nhl awarded him the bill masterton memorial trophy , before returning to serve as an assistant coach for one season with the penguins . cullen played in 40 nhl all @ - @ time games during his career . he joined his father in the auto repair business after leaving the nhl , and later ran his own business until forced to retire during the auto industry strike of 2008 – ##年 . = = playing career = = cullen was born in puslinch @ - @ time on august 2 , 1964 . he was one of four children of barry and loretta cullen . his father and brothers brian and terry all played in the nhl , and although cullen and his three brothers all played as well , their father never coached them , insisting that they play the sport . cullen followed his older brother brian , who was considered a top nhl prospect until terry ' s career abruptly ended when he suffered a broken nose after being hit from behind into the face during a playoff game . while his brother was heavily recruited by several colleges , cullen received only two scholarship offers , choosing to play for boston university ( bu ) in 1983 . at the same time , his mother loretta was diagnosed with breast cancer . after her death late in his senior year , cullen considered returning to his childhood roots , but was encouraged by his father to continue with high school and hockey . cullen quit the sport to cope with the loss and dedicated every game he played to his mother ' s memory . cullen stated that the support he received from his mother ' s life inspired him to become a hockey player . = = early career = = cullen was a standout with bu ; he was namedthe atlantic collegiate athletic conference player of the year in 1983 – him after leading his conference in scoring with 96 goals . the american hockey league passed him over , however , and he went undrafted in the 1984 nhl entry draft . cullen was named to the hockey east all @ - @ time team in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 , and the national collegiate athletic association national first team all @ - @ player in 1986 . he retired as bu ' s all @ - @ time scoring leader with 241 points , and was named to bu ' s hockey east 50th anniversary team in 2009 . passed over in the nhl draft , cullen was then selected by the buffalo sabres in the 1986 nhl entry draft . when the sabres declined to offer him a contract , cullen signed with the flint generals of the international hockey league ( ihl ) for the 1987 – regular season . he led the spirits with 157 points , including 50 goals , and won the paul gatschene memorial trophy as league most valuable player , sharing the john c . longman memorial trophy with ed belfour as rookie of the year . cullen ' s first play in 1989 caught the attention of the nhl and the pittsburgh penguins . cullen signed a contract with the penguins for the salary season , based on a lucrative contract offer from buffalo . he was surprised by how they treated him the year before . = = = national hockey league = = = cullen made his nhl debut in 1988 – season , appearing in 41 games with the penguins and scoring 38 points . cullen was given a backup role with the penguins the following season after mario lemieux missed 50 games due to a knee injury and responded by scoring 34 goals and 80 points to finish second in team scoring . additionally , cullen played for team canada in the 1990 world championships , scoring four goals in six games . cullen had his breakout season in 1990 – season . as one of the league ' s top defensive players , cullen scored 50 points in the penguins ' first 50 games and played in his first nhl all @ - @ time team . however , when lemieux retired after missing an estimated 21 @ - @ games due to injury , cullen ' s playing time and production declined . the penguins ' struggles forced them to make a blockbuster trade on july 31 , 1991 . cullen was traded to the connecticut whale , along with zarley zalapski and jeff green in exchange for pittsburgh ' s all @ - @ american leading scorer , ron francis , along with ulf samuelsson and doug jennings . the penguins initially turned down the trade because they were concerned that giving upcullen ' s playmaking and production improved , and his hartford teammates credited cullen with being the main reason they were in a playoff position by the time the trade occurred . although the penguins won their first stanley cup that season , phil bourque later said it " broke his heart " that cullen was not able to share in that success . in hartford , cullen struggled to overcome the team ' s fans ' disappointment at st francis . the penguins fans also expected him to show their displeasure with the move . cullen scored 25 points in 41 regular season games to finish the season with 100 points combined with the penguins and hartford , and was the team ' s star player in their first round loss to the boston bruins in the 1991 stanley cup playoffs . cullen later received an invitation to join the national team for the 1991 canada cup , but he chose not to attend as his contract had expired , due to health insurance costs . still without a contract when the 1991 – nhl season began , cullen missed the first four games before signing an all @ - @ - contract with hartford worth a total of $ 1 million . cullen managed to score 50 points in 82 games in his first full season with the penguins and captained the team at the 1992 four @ - @ nhl game . midway through the 1992 – - nhl season , the penguins traded cullen to the toronto maple leafs for toronto ' s second round pick in the 1993 nhl entry draft . cullen was set to play for his father ' s nhl team , but injuries limited his ability to play . his most serious injury was a herniated disc in his neck that he had predicted would end his career . a new neck disc allowed cullen to recover and buy under his contract with 1993 . when the leafs decided not to let @ - @ sign him for the 1993 – nhl season , cullen returned to the penguins for another season . tony esposito convinced him to sign with the tampa bay lightning in 1995 . cullen had early success with linemates brian smith and sergei selivanov . the trio combined to score 100 points and helped lead the lightning to the first playoff berth in franchise history . they were defeated by the philadelphia flyers in six games . cullen led the team in goal goals with two goals and five assists . the lightning continued to struggle in 1996 – season ; cullen was leading the team in scoring , but was battling flu @ - @ with symptoms that he could not control . while he was battling for a playoff berth , cullen battled out his illness for months . = = = injury and death = = = = = monthsof difficulty dealing with his cancer , cullen ' s wife then called his doctors and asked them to look into his illness . the doctors ran an mri @ - @ ray and found a large black tumor in his lung . doctors ran a ct scan which revealed cullen had a non @ - @ - tumor ; he was diagnosed as having non @ - @ - disease . the diagnosis ended his career , and he immediately began receiving treatments that completely removed his symptoms . the cancer was gone by december 1997 , but a blood test prior to training camp revealed that cullen still had cancer cells in his lungs . cullen missed the entire 1997 – regular nhl season as he continued to fight the cancer , and his wife wore his jersey number with his # 1 for it throughout the season . but one occasion during his recovery , while his wife was walking him down a hospital corridor , cullen went into cardiac arrest , prompting doctors to use a wheelchair to revive him . he underwent a bone marrow transplant that significantly restored his immune system to the point that he could have very little physical contact . an scan in april 1998 showed that the cancer was completely gone , and cullen immediately began preparing for a comeback . the lightning signed cullen to a $ @ - @ @ , $ 1 @ , @ 000 contract for the 1998 – ##0 pick . cullen played his first game in nearly two years on october 31 , 1998 , in an exhibition game between the lightning and sabres in vienna , austria . cullen scored the game @ - @ + goal in a lightning – seconds victory , after which he said he sat on the bench in awe at how he was given a second chance . cullen was added to the roster and was greeted with a standing standing cheer from the fans in tampa bay when he was announced prior to their season opening game . cullen played in six of the lightning ' s first five games , but it became apparent that he had lost some of his size and strength . the lightning assigned him to the ihl ' s cleveland barons , and they offered him the option of retiring and taking up a position as an assistant coach . cullen decided to accept the offer , giving himself one year to determine if he could continue playing . cullen appeared in four games for cleveland , and in one game against the chicago wolves set an ihl record when he scored 5 goals in a nine – point win . however , a bout of bronchitis caused cullen to believe that his cancer had returned . results came back positive , and after spending time with his family , heand that neither he nor his family were interested in returning to hockey . cullen announced his retirement on june 30 , 1998 , and accepted the job offer to become an assistant coach . in recognition of his comeback efforts , the nhl named him the 1999 winner of the bill masterton memorial award for courage and leadership , and the ihl renamed its defensive player of the year award the john cullen award . former lightning head coach bob riley has stated " that cullen was a player that started out doing something , " “ " cullen . . . survived cancer and came back to play and help people today . ” = = off the ice = = cullen and his wife valerie have three daughters , katie and twins karlyn and kortland . unwilling to spend too much time away from his family , cullen left the nhl in 1999 and settled in the atlanta area , running his brother ' s dodge business in columbus , georgia . cullen had originally planned to become a car dealer after his playing career , as his father , grandfather and grandfather all worked in the industry . after working with his brother for several years , cullen opened a dodge ram in newnan , georgia in 2007 . however , he managed the business for less than two years before chrysler shut him down as part of a restructuring effort in response to the auto industry recession of 2008 – 2010 . he has since returned to his brother ' s business , serving as its general manager . cullen ' s battle with cancer prompted timm harmon of the moffitt cancer center to work with the nhl to raise awareness and funds for cancer research . the nhl itself embraced the effort in the summer of 1998 , launching the hockey for cancer foundation to raise funds for research . cullen has spent years promoting the program . prior to meeting his wife valerie , cullen married carolyn bessette the former wife of robert f . kennedy , jr . the two met while attending university of minnesota . = = = singles = = = = = regular season and playoffs = = = = = = singles = = = = = statistics = = cullen is the namesake of the john cullen award , annually given to outstanding ihl players .