= berkley bedell = berkley william bedell ( born december 17 , 1921 ) is a former u . s . representative from iowa . after starting a fly business in his garage , berkley fly inc . , he ran for the united states congress in 1972 , but was defeated by democrat wiley mayne . in 1974 , however , bedell defeated wiley mayne and was elected to congress . he was known for his support of john kerry and his progressive views . for example , he would call town meetings and have citizens vote on motions to decide what he would do in congress on their behalf . these motions helped bedell solve the problems of his farm ; as a result , he implemented measures that were beneficial to his fly business , such as building maintenance costs and property taxes . he did not seek reelection in 1986 after contracting lyme disease from a snake bite . although he no longer serves in congress , bedell remains active in democratic politics , including supporting howard dean in 2004 and john kerry . in the 2008 presidential election , he ran several times with chris dodd , but defeated barack obama in the primary . = = personal life = = born in spirit lake , iowa , bedell was educated in spirit lake public schools . he graduated from spirit lake high school in 1939 , where he began making money with his business in the midst of the great depression . his business involved cutting his hair into strips , the ends of which could be used as fly bait . he began making the full @ - @ fly business in his garage , and he moved the business into his parents ' house . in 1939 , he rented space in a hardware store to do the business full @ - @ fly . after graduating from high school , he attended iowa state university from 1940 to 1942 , where he met fellow isu student elinor healy from grand marais , minnesota . berkley and elinor married in iowa on june 22 , 1943 and their son kenneth was born in 1947 , david in 1950 and daughter joanne in 1952 . berkley ’ his business and personal life were interrupted in 1942 when he joined the military . he served in the united states army as a lieutenant and first sergeant from 1942 to 1945 . when he came back , he began to make money from his fly bait business . his business grew rapidly , with hundreds of national and international customers ; he had become a millionaire by the 1950s . he served as president of the spirit lake board of education from 1957 to 1962 . = = = career = = = = = runningfor example = = = by the early 1970s , bedell had decided to run for public office . in 1972 , he ran against wiley mayne , the republican incumbent in california ' s 1st congressional district . mayne was a strong supporter of richard nixon and won office along with the president in a race favorable to the democrats . mayne , however , would later refrain from losing ( he was one of only a few democrats to vote against supporting the president on the judiciary committee . ) the damage had already been done , and bedell defeated mayne in a 1974 rematch . during his time in congress , bedell made efforts to promote representative democracy . he held town hall meetings with his constituents , and he would have them vote on how to decide what he would do in congress on their behalf . this form of democracy reminded bedell of the range of problems facing his rural community . and , although bedell had never voted in his life , he would take action in congress to help farmers . = = = waterway usage fees = = = bedell introduced several legislative initiatives during his time in the united states house of representatives . one initiative , which arose from his constituents ' experience with the barge industry , focused on waterway usage fees . he introduced legislation in 1977 that would require the barge industry to pay a fee for using the canals which , bedell pointed out , the government spent billions of dollars to build and maintain . bedell ' s original plan defined the fees the barge industry charged as being related to the money the government spent on waterway projects . this would have the desired effect of helping fund the waterway projects , and it was the same plan proposed by pete domenici in the senate . congress eventually adopted a straight @ - @ - version of the original plan put forward by bedell and senator pete domenici . the original plan imposed a tax on the canal canals , and placed them into a " pool " for waterway use . although many opponents of waterway usage fees , including domenici , supported the plan , bedell made a passioned call for his constituents to oppose it . they saw it as removing the key element of the original plan - that of cost savings . the tax was eliminated , and the government could use it on waterway projects out of the question . the plan was eventually approved by president carter . bedell ' s original plan never made it to the house of representatives , but he continued to introduce it in subsequent sessions . it would not , however , get a floor vote in subsequent sessions . = = = == = = = in 1985 , bedell put forward an economic plan that he claimed would eliminate production controls for crops , thus raising prices for food . this plan , supported by the republicans and the democrats , passed the agriculture committee as an amendment to the bill . it proposed a referendum that would then be used to decide what kind of production controls to implement . the intent of this plan was simple : production controls would increase the total production of crops , thus making the crops grow more ( which would benefit farmers , who were in the midst of an acute economic crisis . ) thus , by using it as a referendum , the public would get to know the root of the problem . on the other hand , supporters of the bedell plan took a very negative view of this plan . opponents such as pat buchanan argued that the referendum was necessary because the voters had voted the president into office , and this referendum was an example of the politicians not doing their jobs . the reagan administration opposed the plan because of their opposition to production controls , and the senate threatened to veto the farm bill if bedell ' s plan was put in place . when the bill came to the floor , an amendment was added to remove this clause , and it was voted 251 @ - @ 174 . = = = protection of small businesses = = = = in 1982 , berkley bedell was chairman of the small business committee , and he used this opportunity to investigate abuses on the part of the oil companies . he also discovered that some large oil companies paid their " own taxes " in certain areas and sought to pass legislation to increase taxes on these companies . through these investigations , bedell had gained the support of major oil companies and congressman tom nelson . the main company , shell , was accused of not paying enough of the taxes on its crude oil . in the 1980s , the committee tried to build a case against nelson , but it was eventually defeated in 1985 . bedell used this opportunity to attack the government for " not caring " about small business taxes , and he demanded that federal agencies provide $ 1 @ - @ 1 % of their research and development funds for small businesses . = = = = with ##held = = = in december 1982 , congress passed a law which prohibited the united states from funding groups seeking to overthrow the sandinista government of nicaragua . later , in 1983 , bedell visited nicaragua and honduras along with congressman john l . williams . during the trip , bedell met with politicians , journalists , government officials and members of thebush . his position at the end of the hearings was that ronald reagan was using the cia in violation of international law . he continued to attend hearings after returning to congress . bedell would later join other house republicans in demanding documents from the white house relating to the affair , but the reagan administration refused to release them . bedell became unpopular with the reagan administration as the hearings went on . it called his central american activities " economic espionage , " and that the seizure of taiwan was an act of war . bedell would resign from congress . reagan ' s involvement in central america would end with the 1984 @ - @ taiwan affair . however , bedell was a sharp critic of reagan ' s economic plan , calling for john kerry to resign and calling his economic plan a failure that was " written on paper " in both the house and the senate . reagan ' s agricultural policy consisted largely of a dramatic reduction in farm subsidies . he also criticized the department of agriculture for " moving backward " when it was the leading authority on organic farming . however , as chairman of the committee on economic development , trade and agricultural affairs , which was in charge of overseeing agricultural production , he opposed the proposals being made for reforming the department . the proposals also included shifting responsibility for plant maintenance and other administrative duties from the federal government to the cia . = = = = = = = in 1981 , it was revealed in internal documents that bedell may have knowledge of the customs violations that his company engaged in . it alleged that bedell had traveled to taiwan in 1973 to investigate " possible violations of international law " in relation to the purchase of steel products from the cia ' s taiwanese subsidiary . bedell responded by denying any involvement , saying that he had not been directly involved in the matter for years . in the end , no charges were filed against him , and he was released after the report was published . = = = = = = bedell decided not to seek reelection in 1986 after contracting lyme disease from a snake bite . since then , he has founded the center for alternative medicine and is a strong advocate of religious tolerance . thanks largely to his friendship with tom harkin , he became an influential political figure in florida , with politicians such as howard dean visiting him during their visits to the state . additionally , the elinor bedell state park was established in 1998 on land donated by berkley bedell . the park is named for the governor ' s wife . as a veteran of the vietnam war , bedell was a2003 : against united states military involvement in iraq . this petition was filed with the support of five other representatives from the district and was announced at a news conference on october 31 , 2003 . bedell said that it was time for the united states to end things with iraq , and he said that the iraq war would be similar to the vietnam war . in the 2004 presidential election , bedell criticized john kerry for voting for newt gingrich ' s right to farm act , which bedell said was the farm bill . bedell would later publicly support howard dean ' s campaign . for the 2008 election , bedell ran with chris dodd . later , in january 2007 , he announced his support of barack obama .