= = vs . = = " bart vs . australia " is the tenth episode of the second season of the simpsons . it originally aired on the fox network in the united states on november 20 , 1995 . in the episode , bart is arrested for fraud in australia , and the family travels to the country so they can appeal . the local judge wants to give him the harsh punishment of a kick to his head , but the simpson family refuses . bart later changes his mind and agrees to the punishment , but just as he is about to do it , he kills the judge and the family heads back to australia . the episode was written by bill oakley and josh weinstein and directed by wes anderson . it makes several references to films such as mad max 2 and crocodile dundee . " bart vs . australia " received a nielsen rating of . @ . @ , and was the second highest rated show on the fox network the week it aired . it received mixed reviews in australia , with some television critics saying the episode was a parody of their country . = = = = = while using the toilet , bart discovers that the water in the sink also drains clockwise . lisa explains ( not quite honestly ) that the water actually drains the opposite way than in the southern hemisphere , due to the coriolis effect , but bart does not believe her . to counter this , lisa makes phone calls to other countries in the northern hemisphere . lisa points out how difficult these situations are , and bart decides to make a local call instead . he calls australia , where a local boy answers the phone . trying to call the " australian school board " , bart is told that the toilet and sink are also draining clockwise . however , lisa tells him to go and find the location of the school . the call takes several minutes to make , since the boy lives in the country , and bart has to hang up the phone . meanwhile , the boy ' s father is owed us $ 900 ( referred to as " dollarydoos " ) . the father calls bart and demands that he pay , but bart merely ignores him . unfortunately for bart , the father ' s friend is a british member of parliament , who reports bart ' s whereabouts to the prime minister — who is hiding out in a nearby hotel . after a long series of probing questions , he arrests bart for fraud . the united states department of justice wants to send him to australia in order to investigate the australian government , but bart strongly objects to this idea . the state department then settles for sending himthey arrive in australia . the family is sent to australia and they hide in the american embassy , which is equipped with all the amenities of their new home , including a specially designed helicopter that has an apparent coriolis effect . then they go to the planet ##e . when bart makes his escape , the government announces that they intend to give him the harsh punishment of a " boo " , which is a kick in the face with a giant shoe . bart and lisa escape and the simpsons go to the australian embassy . after a brief discussion , the two aliens offer a gift to the simpson family : a view from the foreign embassy , through the window of the embassy , with a giant shoe , revealed to be a wingtip . lisa is opposed to the idea , but bart agrees . reluctantly , he accepts the offer , wears the shoe with the words " don ' t tread on me " written on his forehead , and wears " the star @ - @ @ banner " . in a scene reminiscent of the bombing of hiroshima the simpson family leave the foreign embassy in a helicopter . looking down on australia , they notice that australians have begun to dominate and dominate the australian landscape , due to a message they left behind at the embassy . seeing the helicopter , the americans comment upon the damage that would be caused by introducing a new species into a foreign country , and laugh at the simpsons ' joke , unaware that a bird is climbing onto the helicopter . the bird closes in on the helicopter , but with a star @ - @ wink of its own , implying that it will suffer a similar fate as bart . = = = = = the episode was written by bill oakley and josh weinstein , and directed by wes anderson . the production staff decided to create an episode where the simpsons actually went to australia , because they thought everyone in australia had a good sense of humor and that they " would enjoy the joke " . the staff had previously poked fun at several australian characters on the show and they thought it would be funny to poke fun at a foreign country . they depicted australia and the australian embassy very well and the scenes were not set up for them . the staff , however , hired two australian tour guides to help them out with the design of the australian landscape and buildings , as well as the australian embassy . the staff did work on the coriolis effect for this episode . lisa ' s description of the effect was accurate ; it affects australian people , and is caused by therotation of the earth around its axis . the amount of water in a toilet or sink is far too small to be affected by it . in 1999 , fox kids kids in australia aired a shortened version of " bart vs . snake " as part of their christmas special , titled the simpsons down under . they then contacted the simpsons writing staff and asked if they would use the episode for a ride on their attraction , based on this episode . the episode was renamed @ - @ animated and re @ - @ animated for the attraction and new scenes were added . the episode uses motion capture animation , allowing audience watching faces and bodies to be transformed into the animated characters . = = = references = = the title of the episode is based on the life of michael jackson , an american teenager who was arrested in australia in 1994 for stealing toilets . this episode references the popular belief that the coriolis effect affects the size of planets in the northern and southern hemisphere . in addition , the coriolis effect affects the earth itself . the amount of water in a toilet or sink is much too small to be affected by it . when bart is talking to the boy ' s mother on the phone he says " i think i saw a snake bite your baby " , referencing the death of azaria jackson , a week @ - @ - @ - @ australian girl who was bitten by snakes . the toad taking over agriculture and destroying all the crops is a reference to the cane toad , bart coming to australia in order to protect the crops from the cane toad , and becoming a pest in the process . when the simpson family goes to an australian pub , bart arrives with a knife on the counter and a man asks him : " you call that a knife ? " , and when the man pulls the knife from his hand he replies : " this is a knife . " the title is a reference to a similar scene from crocodile dundee in which crocodile dundee is attacked by a man with a knife , and he pulls out a large knife and says ; " that ' s not a knife ; that ' s a knife ! " the simpson family is shown a poster created by the australian department of justice of a boarded up building with a sign on the door reading " the comedy store " , a reference to the american film and comedian bang ! . wez , one of the characters from the 1981 film mad max 2 : the road warrior , is seen in the police car that takes bart and lisa to the australian pub . == = = = in its original american broadcast , " bart vs . australia " finished 56th in the ratings for the week of october 26 – 1995 , 1995 , with a nielsen rating of . @ . @ . . it was the second highest rated show on fox that week . the episode has since become teaching material for film students at the university of melbourne , where it is used to " discuss aspects of the production and distribution of film content , in this case , a fictional television show " , and to figure out what bart is " trying to teach them about , both of australian culture , and , to a lesser extent , of other cultures . " since airing , the episode has received positive reviews from film and television critics . in his dvd commentary of the first season , ryan keefer said " all the political voices you want to hear heard are great . bart ' s road trip is great , from top to bottom . the phone calls he makes to foreign countries ( especially buenos aires ) are hilarious . this is one of the most highly entertaining episodes of the series ' history . " vanity fair named it the second best episode of the simpsons in 2007 . " bart vs . australia " was also nominated for an emmy award in 1995 in the category " outstanding individual achievement in sound mixing for an animated program or a special " . = = = = from = = = = the episode received mixed reviews in australia , with many australian fans claiming the episode was a parody of their country . shortly after it had aired , the simpsons website received over 100 letters from australians who were offended by the episode . they also received letters from australians complaining about the australian accents used in the episode that " sound suspiciously like south american accents " . the simpsons writer and director mike reiss said that this episode was australia ' s least favorite , and that " whenever we see the simpsons in that country , that country is offended , especially australia " . he added that they were " sitting in the australian parliament when the episode first aired " . the sunday herald ' s peter robinson said he was shocked when he first saw the episode : " why are the people trying to insult us ? i think it had its moments , as does every simpsons episode . without getting in our face about it , however , our opinion is simply not called for . it offended and hurt our country as well as made us look like complete idiots " . warren martyn and adrian wood , the authors of the book i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide , said that the episode is" especially if dealing with people who might be , quite frankly , embarrassed by their country . after the attack on the usa , this is a horrible , awful , awful and very funny parody of american culture by the creators of the simpsons " . the simpsons executive producer david mirkin , who directed the episode , responded to the criticism in an interview with the sunday times , saying : " we wanted to have the simpsons , the simpson family , australia and this is the end of that . it was a good choice because it has lots of real australian elements . and it ' s a country that is so very close to america , so in touch with it . we are very sensitive here , there are all these subtle ##ties , dark and light . i was trying to make it very funny . that was our flip side coming along : we ' ll take our picture of america and we ' ll turn it around to scare the kids and scare them at the same time " . despite being criticized for mocking the simpsons , the episode received positive reviews from critics , too . jim schembri of the australian newspaper the age called it the worst episode ever . the cryptonote was changed ( the ' knifey @ - @ spooney ' sequence ) into the ' dollarydoo ' cryptocurrency in preparation of the episode .