= hugh foliot = hugh foliot ( c . 1155 – 1234 ) was a medieval bishop of hereford . succeeding directly to his predecessor at hereford , he served as a canon and papal judge as well as being an unsuccessful candidate for see of st david ' s in wales . in 1219 , he was elected bishop of hereford . during his time at hereford , he mainly attended to religious matters , but did occasionally serve as a royal chaplain . he helped found a hospital and a school , and died in 1234 after a very @ - @ - illness . = = = life = = foliot hugh was the son of roger foliot and his wife rohese . roger held several knight ' s fees in hereford . probably born sometime between 1150 and 1160 , hugh was related by some way to roger foliot , his predecessor at hereford . he was a canon of hereford cathedral before becoming bishop of shropshire in may 1186 . foliot was a frequent witness to john as bishop , but little else is known of his tenure of the see . from 1212 to 1219 , he served as a papal and @ - @ judge three times . in 1215 he was considered king john ' s candidate for the see of st david ' s in wales , but was not elected . following foliot ' s unsuccessful bid for hereford , in may 1216 john appointed him to the see of colwall in herefordshire , the bishop having the authority to make the appointment because giles de braose , the bishop of hereford , who would normally have made the appointment , had just died . evidence from this period dates foliot ' s consecration of robert grosseteste , the then and last bishop of winchester . = = = = = foliot had been one of the members of the cathedral chapter from hereford sent to king henry ii ' s court to raise funds for the chapter to hold an election in 1219 foliot was elected to the see of hereford in september 1219 and consecrated on 1 october 1219 , with william de goldcliff , the bishop of llandaff , at hereford . the new bishop accompanied william des roches , the bishop of hereford , on a pilgrimage in 1221 . because des roches travelled to spain to the shrine of st martin of compostela , and it is possible that foliot accompanied him , the statement of a contemporary monk from dunstable that foliot ' s destination was not spain , but rather aragon or compostela , shouldis unknown . foliot spent most of his term of office in his diocese , very rarely attending the royal court or being assigned governmental duties . on 30 june 1223 , foliot performed one of those duties , when he took possession of hereford castle after it had fallen to hubert de lacy , during the siege of the castle when de lacy removed de roches from power . he also was able to increase the extent of the royal estates in hereford . foliot also founded a church at ledbury , dedicated to st katherine . he helped found alberbury abbey , a monastery of the grandmontine order . in his diocese , he increased the estates and salaries of the clergy , as well as creating new monasteries . foliot died in june 1234 , after an illness that began in the spring . he was buried in hereford cathedral , where his monument survives . foliot allowed his younger brother william to serve in the church , first as archdeacon in the 1220s and then in 1230 as dean of the cathedral chapter .