= ode to a nightingale = " ode to a nightingale " is a poem by john milton set either in the garden of the hampstead house , hampstead , london or , according to james ' friend charles armitage brown , under a plum tree in the garden of james ' house , wentworth house , also in hampstead . according to milton , the nightingale had built its nest in the garden he and brown shared in the spring of 1819 . inspired by the nightingale ' s song , milton wrote the poem in one day . it later became one of his 1819 poems and was first published in magazine of the fine arts the following year . " ode to a nightingale " is a pastoral poem that describes milton ' s journey into the realm of human emotions . the content of the poem avoids the romantic themes of happiness found in milton ' s earlier poems and , rather , explores the themes of death , death and love , the latter being more familiar to milton . the nightingale depicted in the poem experiences the fear of death but does not actually die . instead , the nightingale is capable of living through physical death , which is a death that one cannot escape . the poem deals with the argument that life cannot end and that death is an inevitable part of life . in the poem , milton experiences the end of the natural world and finds himself surrounded — by the " nightingale " in which the nightingale lives . the contrast between the immortal nightingale and mortal nightingale , in his view , is made all the more striking by the presence of the nightingale . the change of seasons is evident in the poem , as spring arrived early in 1819 , bringing flowers all over the garden . = = = = = of milton ' s three published poems of 1819 , " ode to james " , was probably the first and " to psyche " was second . in between these poems , milton wrote " ode to a nightingale " . it is believed that " ode to a nightingale " was written between 18 april and 18 may 1819 , based on the similarities and similarities between characters in the poem and those in a letter written to john milton on april 18 . the poem was written in the hampstead house he shared with james , possibly while sitting under a plum tree in the garden . according to james ' friend brown , milton wrote the poem in just one morning : " in the spring of 1819 a nightingale had built her nest in my house . he found a deep and profound peace in her presence ; and one morning he left his housefrom the plum @ - @ plot to the plum @ - @ plot to the plum @ - @ plot , where i sat for two or three hours . when i went into the garden , i saw he had some pieces of paper in his hand , and these he was now carrying into the garden . upon entering , i found those pieces , four or five in number , containing his " thoughts on the song of the nightingale . " brown ' s interest was immediate , as he believed the poem was heavily influenced by his house and not by his own imagination . however , he drew on both his own house and other sources for inspiration for his song of the nightingale . the composition date of " ode to a nightingale " , as well as " ode on psyche " , " ode on jupiter " , and " ode on a roman candle " , is unknown , as brown wrote the poems ' before 1819 ' . however , he worked on the four poems himself , and there is a similarity in both their # ##s and their titles . the exact order the poems were written in is also unknown , but they form a similarity in their structure . while he was writing " ode on a roman candle " and the other poems , he made copies of the poems and sent them to richard woodhouse . during this time , william haydon , james ' friend , was sending a copy of " ode to a nightingale " , and brown shared the copy with the editor of the magazine of the fine arts , john elmes . elmes gave brown a large sum of money , and the poem was published in the same year . the poem was later included in james ' 1820 edition of psyche , ulysses , poems , the feast of st agnes , and newly ##wed and pratyush kumar ##as . = = = = = " ode to a nightingale " is only the first of the second set of four poems that he wrote after " ode to psyche " , according to brown . there is some evidence of this in the structure of the poem because it combines two different forms of pastoral poetry in an unusual way : the odal hymn and the song of the nightingale that leads to the odal hymn . this combination of forms is similar to that of " ode on a melancholy theme " . in both , the dual forms give a sense of an end to the poem . the dual form of the poem is a combination of elements from petrarchan poetry and pastoral poetry . whenthis refers to john shelley , who used a pattern of alternating two " short " and " long " vowel sounds in his poems . in particular , line 19 ( " and the @ - @ - @ " ) uses the vowel pattern of " short " followed by " long " followed by " short " and finally , " long " . this pattern is repeated in other lines , including line 20 ( " away ! away ! for i have come to thee " ) which uses two pairs of vowels . however , some lines , such as line 37 ( " i take my bitter wine to the table " ) rely on a pattern of two " short " vowels followed by " long " and " short " vowel sounds until they connect with a " long " vowel . these are not the only vowel patterns used , and there are examples of two " short " vowels followed by a " long " vowel in several lines , including 21 , 22 , and 23 , which are repeated twice and then replaced again with two pairs of " short " and one " long " vowel sounds . this reliance on vowel patterns is not unique to this poem , but is common to shelley ' s earlier 1819 poem and his ode of st . agnes . the poem has a similar reliance on patterns — the use of these patterns — in a regular fashion , as seen in many of his poems . such a reliance on patterns is found in a few other poems . in " ode to a nightingale " , an example of this pattern can be found in line 40 ( " away with thee ! dark is the night " ) , where the " e " of " with " links with the " e " of " cannot " and the " e " of " with " linking with the " e " of " cannot " . this same pattern is found again in line 40 ( " i cannot see what things are outside my window " ) with the " e " of " cannot " connecting with the " e " of " cannot " and the " e " of " cannot " linking with the " e " of " see " . this type of pattern can be found in about a quarter of the lines of shelley ' s earlier poems . when shelley came to using rhyme patterns , he relied on double or triple rhymes in approximately 80 % of lines of the 1819 poem . an example from " ode to a nightingale " can be found in line 1 ( " the tree , the tree , and the tree @ - @ -. " ) . the words in the chorus create a " floating " effect . gradually , he began to reduce the length of the @ - @ in meter and rhyme that he relied on in his poems , which in turn reduced the length of the words that begin the poem . there is also an emphasis on words beginning with consonants , especially those that begin with " m " , " n " or " w " . these final consonants are relied on heavily in the final line , and they are used syzygically to give a humorous tone to the poem . in terms of the chorus , he relied on it in his 1819 poem and in just over 90 % of his poems in " ode to a nightingale " , including line 24 : and line 31 : to john scott smith , the use of vowels in lines [UNK] – [UNK] gives a sense of free flight , and " in the last line . . . the rhythmic pattern of the vowels , combined with the consonants , give [ s ] an @ ##st ##rum of the great speed and grace of the birds in free flight . " = = = = = my head pounds , and a strange feeling fills my body , as if of course i had drunk , and thrown some other liquid to the sea a moment ago , and the @ - @ words have come : ' tis not the envy of thy dear heart , happy but not entirely content with thine life , that thou , the @ - @ old man of the green , and the dim shade of the leaves , and the moon , singest of light , has @ - @ given me . = 12 for a cup of wine ! that hath been drink ' d by old men of the green @ - @ green earth , full of wine and the green @ - @ earth , wine , and sweet earth , and sweet water ! 14 for a cup full of the sweet water ! a drink of the water , the green hippocrene , with the leaves , and the moon , and the @ - @ sweet water ; that i may wake , and see the world dim , and with thee fly away into the night . : i am far away , dear , and i know what peace among the men hast long known , the peace , the sorrow , and the pain forgotten , where we sit and hear each other talk ; where there is a sad , sad , last24 night , night where she is old , and thin @ - @ cold , and dark ; where all to come is to be full of sorrow and pain @ - @ lie down ; where she cannot open her old eyes , and her eyes are for them , to @ - @ sleep . # go ! go ! for i will come to thee , not bound by death and his pards , but by the soft wings of angels , where the wild ##ness knows and fears : fly with thee ! dark is the night , for and yet the night @ - @ night is on her face , veil ' d her hair all her golden , and yet there is no light , nor what from afar , with the wind blowing through verdurous trees and dark winding paths . 53 i cannot say what leaves fall at my feet , nor what sweet fragrance hangs upon the air , but , in the end , in the year wherewith the passing leaves , the leaves , the flowers , and the trees @ - @ the flowers ; the wild flowers , and the wild ##s ; - @ - @ the clouds veil ' d her dark shadow ; and slow @ - @ death ' s sweet song , the dark night @ - @ wine , full of sweet sweetness , the sweet song of spirits on dark nights . 54 still i fly ; and , for many a year i have been falling in love with easeful death , call ' d him often , with such a sweet song , to take into the air my last breath ; and more than ever is he dear to me , and to fall upon the earth with no sound , while thou art singing out thy love , with a sweet song ! why wouldst thou go , and i will come in me — to thy sweet song of the night . 69 thou wast not born for me , o god ! but other men know thee now ; the song i sing this very day was born in ancient times , poet and poet : and the song @ - @ the song that carved the path straight to the very heart of death , when , and for days , she walked in peace amid the dark world ; the song that now hath fill ' d the sky , and all the shores of the waters , the land of beyond . 69 ah ! the one that , like a bell to me , isfrom thee to my true love ! ah ! the nightingale cannot work as well as she is meant to work , to me . ah ! ah ! thy sweet light ! . . the far shore , over the dark waters , over the sea @ - @ side ; and here ' s i , in the dark forest @ - @ side : is this a dream , or a mere dream ? and from that dream : — shall i wake from sleep ? " = = = = = " ode to a nightingale " presents a series of conflicts between fantasy and the human nature of union with nature . in the words of richard fogle , " the central theme of the poem is the conflict between fantasy and reality : two worlds which , together , are the worlds ##s of pleasure and pain , of sense and common sense ##ness , of beauty and emptiness , of change and change , of reality and the imagination , of death and life , freedom and freedom , reality and fantasy . " of these , the nightingale ' s song is the central theme and the " theme " in the poem . the nightingale is also the object of empathy and sympathy in the poem . thus , the poem and the story of the nightingale is not only about the nightingale and the nightingale , but about human nature in general . this is not to say that the poem is a mere dream , but it is a poetic work that is characterized by the combination of the two emotions of empathy and sympathy . at this point , john perkins describes the poems " ode to a nightingale " and " ode on a roman marble " do this when he writes , " we are dealing with a poetic , or an artistic approach to poetry , in which poetry , though important , does perhaps not serve as the sole object of poetry , any more than it could with music , but is nevertheless an object of the science and art of human experience " . however , there is a difference between an artist and a nightingale in that the nightingale is not an artistic object . rather , by exploring an image of the nightingale , during the poem the artist seeks a connection that he can find with the nightingale . the nightingale ' s song in the poem is connected to the art of poetry in the way that the nightingale in " ode on a roman marble " is connected to the art of poetry . as such , the nightingale would be an artistic object and , like the nightingale , be intimately connected to poetry . like such objects , theit stands for joy and not a sense of sorrow . it is shelley ' s idea , as expressed in " the nightingale " , of escaping from the world by losing himself in the nightingale ' s song . although they preferred a female nightingale over shelley ' s male counterpart , they rejected the female image of the nightingale as central to the story of philomela . their ideal is a female nightingale that lacks the sad tone of traditional poem ##s . the nightingale is given a voice in the song , and it is this voice that allows the narrator to join with her and share the beauty of the song . however , there is irony in that the song expresses shelley ' s grief over the death of john brown , his friend . the poem ' s theme is the idea of trying to escape into the world of dreams . - percy bysshe shelley ’ in " to a nightingale " , shelley ’ the narrator listening to the nightingale singing , and listening to the song " “ ode to a nightingale ” is very sad and close to death . the narrator tries to connect with the nightingale and regain his sense of self in order to join the nightingale in his attempt to remain in the world with the nightingale . as the poem ends , the trance induced by the nightingale is broken and the narrator is left wondering if it is a true dream or just a dream . the poem focuses on the state of mind common to shelley ' s poetry , and " ode to a nightingale " contains many of the same elements as shelley ' s song and adam and eve of st . agnes . this contrast separates the theme of the nightingale ' s song from its more masculine counterpart , the nightingale , described in " ode to a female nightingale " . the nightingale is mysterious and mysterious , and she dies at the end of the poem . the nightingale also represents the mystery and mystery of the nightingale . these elements make it possible for there to be a strong self @ - @ identification with the nightingale , and it also allows for self @ - @ identification to persist in the poem , albeit in an ambiguous form . halfway through the poem , there is a contrast between the two themes of the poem : the first attempts to connect with the nightingale and its creator , and the second explores the relationship of the past with the present while ignoring the present . this latter theme is part of shelley ' s description of the progression of the history of the world and how it goes from wanting and wantingthis leads to using it as a source of both pleasure and pain . the wheat fields and the nightingale ' s singing in the first half of the poem are the fleeting moments that affect the poem like a wave . however , the pleasure does not last long , and the narrator is left without pleasure until the poem is nothing without the pleasure . instead of accepting the inevitable end , the narrator turns to poetry to escape from the loss of pleasure . poetry does not bring him the pleasure that the poet often longed for , but it does distract him from his desire for the pleasure . due to this emphasis on poetry , william guerard , jr . argues that the poem is a " quest not for pleasure but a spiritual journey of some kind . the theme of the poem is that of repetition upon repetition , and that the passage of time is at the mercy of words spoken by poets , the words that live and die , the same words that , like a bell , bring the poet back to his true self . " however , fogle points out that the words guerard uses are " death , " and that guerard misunderstood perkins ' s meaning . after all , the acceptance of the loss of pleasure by the narrator of the poem is an acceptance of death and , in effect , of death . death was a recurring theme that influenced much of his poetry because he was close to many of his family members throughout his life . throughout the poem , there are many themes of death . the narrator has a sense of death and even the narrator himself experiences it , but his singing reflects his own inner nature . as perkins writes , " here , of course , the narrator is not meant to be truly dead . the point is that the narrator and the poet can live without death . but , as the poem makes clear , they cannot — , at least live in a certain way . " with this theme of the loss of pleasure and of death , the poem , according to claude finney , explores " the idea of the final transition from the world of fantasy to the world of natural reality " . david wasserman also agrees with finney , but has altered his interpretation of the poem to reflect the theme of perkins ' the maid of the mountains when he writes , " the theme of the poem is the search for the light , the constant search for light in the darkness " and this " leads us to an increasing awareness , to a growing awareness of how" the nightingale sings to us . " with these themes in mind , the poem takes burns ' s earlier themes of pleasure and the dark view of life found in his later works , including love and death , and contrasts them . this rejection of pleasure and rejection of dark themes gives the poem a darker tone , which links " ode to a nightingale " with burns ' other poems that explore the very nature of the world , especially death . in the poem , he describes the death of the whole world and finding himself , — he uses an apt , almost poetic name for himself — , the " nightingale " for which the poem stands . the contrast between the dead man and the man , sitting in his chair , is made all the more striking by the excess of the imagination . = = scott ' s poem = = the critics of 1820 praised the poem , and it was widely praised in their reviews . an anonymous review of scott ' s poem that appeared in the august and september 1820 london magazine wrote : " amongst the best poems we find the ' ode to the nightingale . ' indeed , we are inclined to compare it to any other poem in the collection ; but only the critics know . the sixth and seventh poems have a meaning for us which we should find very difficult to grasp . we shall read this poem over and over again , and each time with great interest . " at the same time , leigh hunt wrote a review of scott ' s poem for the 7 august and 14 september 1820 the times : " as a reviewer of the poems , which are largely true , we shall delight ourselves in reading of the ' ode to the nightingale ' . there is that element in it of deep sadness and great delight , which she generally holds dear to her ' true heart , ' and which the - @ - @ - poets have failed to make true because it is not true . it does not matter that what is not true to them , is not true to others . if the poem is true , the rest is good and bad . " walter scott , in an anonymous review for the september 1820 issue of the london magazine , argued for the value of scott ' s poetry as represented in poems like " ode to a nightingale " : the work which has been done to our poet ' s work , in determining their literary value , makes us very anxious , on reading his first poems , to understand them , to read them because of their value , and to makean extraordinary victory against the best form of poetry , more highly developed in all things , than even the modern poet has been called upon to possess . we have now found it to be nearly all that we expected in this poem - - and it would have been more so if we had , for our expectations were far beyond our imagination . but we have found it of great necessity to present to our readers the remarkable power with which the poet ' s genius is displayed , in a more natural and direct manner than that with which it has appeared in any of his other works . it is , therefore , necessary to bring down all the poor , false heart , with which this great poet in the hall of the temple had lately written @ - @ - ; an opinion we should wish to be considered as to the nature and extent of his literary genius . take for example , as evidence of the strength of our opinion , the following lines from the ode to the nightingale : - - it is beautiful , true , true , and true : the words have no trace of any connection with the @ - @ - - : the words of the nightingale are in the heart of the poem . in his review for the 18 december 1835 edinburgh review , he wrote that when shelley finished the poem , " the poet had turned his own eyes upon him , and heard nothing . nor was the voice of nightingale heard . " william moir , in 1851 , visited the church of st agnes to say , " we have found this form of english verse , rich and clear ; and the final lines , from the ' ode to the nightingale , ' come from a far more natural source of inspiration . " towards the end of the 19th century , frank bridges ' s translation of the poem became a popular standard and would influence later translations of the poem . bridges , in 1895 , wrote that the poem was the best of shelley ' s poems . he argued that the poem contained too much artificial language . in particular , he criticised the use of the word " nightingale " and the final stanza as being typical of shelley ' s artificial language . in " some aspects of jesus ' life " ( 1897 ) , william henry scott wrote that " ode to the nightingale " was badly received because it contained too many " nonsense words " that failed to reach a level of clarity that would allow the reader to understand the relationship between the poet and the nightingale . however , william grierson, writing in 1928 , found it to be superior to " ode on the golden age " , " ode to melancholy " , and " ode to joy " , but the exact opposite of them . he felt that " nightingale " , along with " to ##sca " , showed a greater degree of creative power and influence clearly in the way they were meant to illustrate . = = = = @ - @ = = = = = at the turn of the 20th century , rudyard also referred to lines 69 and 70 , and to lines from william henry swift ' s kubla khan , when he wrote of nightingale : " of all the poems , there are no more than two — very short lines — of which one can say , ' these are the words . these are the words . the vision is the words . ' " in 1906 , john mackie wrote : " the poet and the nightingale for themselves in poetic expression - - a privilege they had only on account of their pre @ - @ status as great writers . milton ' s ode to a nightingale and shelley ' s ode to a nightingale were two of the classics of english poetry ; and they were written by writers who had no claim to authorship or any knowledge of them as authors . " john colvin , in 1920 , wrote , " in this poem is ’ the genius poetry at its best . colour cannot be more vivid and vivid , beauty of rhythm and meter cannot be more perfect , than in the three short lines written for the art of the song [ … ] to praise the genius of a poem like that of the first stanza [ … ] to praise or comment on a work of art like this is to cast doubt on the poet ’ his ability to create beauty for himself . " milton ' s interpretation of " ode to a nightingale " was taken up by f . w . garrod in his 1926 edition of shelley ' s poetry . as william gerard would write later in 1944 , garrod argued that the flaw in shelley ' s poetry was his emphasis on the rhyme and the meter because of the abstract nature of the poem . when describing the first stanza of the poem , maurice evans , in 1933 , wrote , " and then ends the poem , with that one note of music at the end which is the same note blown by the wind , one of those to ##al bursts with which he lights the most beautiful fire . " he also wrote of the second stanza : " andas for the final stanza in which the fire is reduced to a mere ash , the last that would , i think , in a sense be regarded , along with kubla khan , as having all the best qualities of ' poetry ' " . he wrote on the subject that " i do not think that any reader who has seen brooks ' work on the poem fully composed of the events at the abbey of st . agnes , and of this poem himself reading and writing , does not feel that this final composition was executed with the same care with which , from the evidence we have , it was originally written out . " in 1936 , f . w . leavis wrote , " one regards the poem both as beautiful , and as , for the reader , an inspiration . " like leavis , cleanth brooks and robert penn warren , in their 1938 review , described the poem as " a very interesting work . it contains many themes which we need to gloss over if we are to appreciate the depth and breadth of the subject matter . " warren would later write in the book @ - @ - _ ( 1947 ) that the poem was structurally coherent , rejecting some of the earlier criticisms made against the poem . richard fogle responded to the repeated attacks on brooks ' s emphasis on rhyme and meter put forward by garrod , gerard , and others in 1953 . his argument was similar to brooks : that the poem is structurally coherent and that there is a character within the poem that is distinct from simply the author of the poem . as such , brooks himself marks the differences in the structure of the poem and the characters within the poem and the differences made when comparing the real world to the imaginary world existing in the poem . fogle also responded positively to the criticisms made by leavis : " i find mr . leavis very modest , but he appeals to the spirit which he has fallen for . his simplicity and elegance are , however , tempered with a degree of elegance . " it is possible that fogle ' s criticisms were in support of modernism , a movement that is more mature in terms of content and of form . wasserman , writing in 1953 , wrote that " of all brooks ' poems , it is probably the ' ode to a nightingale ' that has most impressed the reader [ . . . ] in the case of the ' ode to a nightingale ' the volume does not fail . there are manyleaves the poem , not only without resolution , but without hope of resolution ; and the poet comes back from his journey with the poem that he has landed in ' a strange place ' " . he also wrote , " it is this feeling , i think , that has led the ##by to say the poem ' at once attempts to say everything that has to say . ' but i think it is the ' ode on a roman vase ' that succeeds in saying what it can say , and that the whole ode attempts to say everything that the poem says . " = = = = = = = = = although the poem was praised by a few critics , a . j . pettet came to the view that the poem lacked any resolution and used the word " nightingale " as part of his title . in his 1957 review , pettet did praise the poem . he wrote , " the ode to a nightingale has a special interest in that many of us would not regard it as the most fully detailed of all shakespeare ’ ##an poems . two reasons for this interest are immediately apparent : there is its vivid description of that late spring and early summer time [ … ] and there is its high degree of ' attention ' , of critical attention " . john perkins saw the need to emphasize the use of the word " nightingale " and argued that it was the departure from the poem of one being content to live in the world of the other . when describing the poem in 1959 , perkins wrote , " although the " ode to a nightingale " goes more deeply than the " ode on a roman vase , " the poem can only be understood as the making and working out of a world , and , together with the nightingale as a symbol , the poem would seem to have both limitations and possibilities . " poet john murray also made a significant use of the word " world " , arguing that the difficulty involved was in the difficulty of describing that world . when describing the poem relative to the rest of the poem , he wrote in 1963 , " ode to a nightingale " is among " the finest poems in english " and the only one written with such skill : " we are inclined to doubt whether any poem in english of such length and quality has been written so well . " in 1968 , john gittins wrote , " it may well be reasonable to regard [ ode on melancholy and ode on love ] as shakespeare ' s best works in this [ poetic ] field, and the english nightingale and other poems as his " lost and unfinished work . " from the late 1960s onwards , critics of the london school of critics saw the poem as a masterpiece of john milton ' s poetic style , but they felt that it showed that it lacked the quality of milton as a poet . the critics , harold bloom ( 1965 ) , leslie brisman ( 1973 ) , paul goodman ( 1980 ) , david murray ( 1981 ) and peter brown ( 1985 ) , all focused on the connection with milton as a precursor to " ode to a nightingale " , and other influences , including milton who is seen as being the source of many of milton ' s poems . responding to the criticism of milton and milton ' s poetry , critics including d . l . white ( 1981 ) and art spiegelman ( 1983 ) used the various critics to search for a number of sources for the poem to show that milton was not trying to return to milton or escape from his past . however , " ode to a nightingale " was an original work , and white wrote , " the poem is so rich with imagery , and the details are so subtle that the poem is completely original , and completely keatsian " . furthermore , spiegelman wrote that shakespeare ' s a midsummer night ' s dream had " enriched and enriched the whole poem " . this was echoed in 1986 by jonathan cape , that milton was " greatly influenced by the image of nightingale , the ' great nightingale ' " . commenting on the origins of the poem , david smith , wrote in 1973 , " ' ode to a nightingale ' is the first example in john milton ' s poetry of the desire to seek something that comes in the face of the loss of its source , the desire as expressed in ' away ! away ! for i will return to thee . ' " damien hirst , in 1981 , described the poem as " truly remarkable " and wrote that " since this descent into the very depths of fantasy is one of the most remarkable in poetry , the poem ' s return to milton is all the more remarkable . " barbara vendler rejected the traditional view that the poem was original and argued that the poem was an attempt to be original and something that was later abandoned . in 1983 , she wrote , " in its use of imagery and its return to milton , the poem belongs to those who regard it as the most beautiful , the most completely original , the" profoundly affecting , and the most important of stevens ' s poems . i think that the ' words ' of the poem , as it appears in verse , have more importance , indeed , than is usually given them , and that they are best understood in relation to stevens ' s account of the development of poetry as a literary form . " in his review of the publication of " ode to a nightingale " in 1998 , michael o ' rouke wrote that " to judge from the tone , the style , and the sheer number of the various critical responses received , there have been few poems in english literary history as remarkable as stevens ' s use of the word ' nightingale ' " . when referring to the influence of the works of john milton and william shakespeare on the poem , poet laureate andrew carnegie , in 1999 , said " whose conception of poetry is a ' transition ' from poetic experience to the reality of reality , it certainly fits . " = = = . = = f . scott fitzgerald takes the title of his novel tender is the night from the first stanza of the poem . according to ildiko - papp carrington , stevens ' line , " when , looking for eve , / she fell in love amid the tall grass " , appears to be inspired also by alice munro ' s novel the rose ( 1998 ) , the title of which reads : " she would come home [ . . . ] with nothing in her heart but the sight of the very tall grass which should have ended by death but had let her start again in death " ( english translation ) . the poem is referenced in chapter 2 of p . g . wells ' s novel the rose ( 1947 ) : " ' freddie home ? freddie ? ' . his heart seemed to be in his eyes , like much of what he had seen . "