= = = = weather stations are platforms which collect weather and wind data in the world ' s oceans , as well as used during the response to oil spill , court cases , and ship disasters . floating buoys have been in use since 1951 , while drifting ones have been used since 1979 . floating stations are connected with the sea floor by steel cables , cables , or flexible cables . with the advent of the weather balloon , they have assumed a more active role in monitoring weather on the high seas since the 1950s . during the 1980s and 1990s , a number of stations in the western and central north pacific ocean helped monitor the el nino @ - @ global ocean . floating weather stations range from 1 @ . @ 5 metres ( 1 @ . @ 16 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) in diameter , while drifting ones are smaller , with diameter of 30 centimetres ( 12 in ) to 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) . floating stations are the largest type of weather station by their size , with 1250 stations worldwide . the data from ships has higher accuracy than that from aircraft . there are differences in the accuracy of the water temperature measurements of the different platforms as well , due to the temperature of the ocean and whether or not the water is heated by the instrument which measures the temperature . = = = = = the first known need for accurate weather observations at sea was in connection with ships in december 1927 , when grover loening predicted that " weather observations in the ocean , with the ability of the instrument to have an extremely long range , would result in continuous transatlantic communication for ten years . " beginning in 1939 , united states coast guard ships began being used as weather stations to monitor all maritime traffic . during world war ii the german navy operated drift stations ( wetterfunkgerat , — wfs ) in permanently fixed locations in the north sea and barents sea . they were deployed from dry @ - @ cells into a maximum depth of water of 10 metres ( 1 @ , @ 800 metres ) , determined by the length of the submarine cable . the length of the cable was 1 @ . @ 1000 metres ( of which 100 were submerged ) , connected by a cable and an antenna of 10 metres . data ( air and water temperature , atmospheric pressure and relative humidity ) was collected and transmitted several times per second . when the cable ( high voltage dry @ - @ copper for the submarine , and dry @ - @ steel for otherwhen and to raise and lower the ( mast ) was removed , after about eight to ten years , the term self @ - @ expired . the first oceanographic field observing system ( sail ) ship ' s self @ - @ - ( 33 ft ) mast was originally built in the 1950s for the united states navy ’ navy weather data collection program . between 1951 and 1970 , a total of 100 drifting satellites were built and deployed at sea . since the 1970s , drifting satellite technology has replaced the use of sailing ships in navigation , as they are easier to operate and maintain . the first known use of drifting satellites was to monitor the movement of ocean currents in the caribbean sea in 1972 and 1973 . drifting satellites have been deployed continuously since 1979 , and as of 2005 , 1250 drifting satellites covered the world ' s oceans . between 1985 and 1994 , an extensive network of floating and drifting satellites were deployed across the western hemisphere , primarily to help monitor and predict the el nino phenomenon . hurricane katrina hit a 10 m ( 33 ft ) wave for the first time in the vicinity of the national data collection center ( ndbc ) on august 29 , 2005 . on january 1 , 2006 , weather satellite 26028 ended its self @ - @ mission of collection of ocean ##ographic data , lasting for 3 years , 6 months , and 7 days , which is the longest continuous data collection period for a drifting satellite . the last drifting ship in the pacific ocean was decommissioned by the national meteorological observing system ( ins ) on june 30 , 2010 . = = = = = drifting satellites , like other types of weather satellites , measure variables such as the temperature at the sea surface , wind speed ( gust and gusting ) , atmospheric pressure , and wind direction . since they drift across oceans and seas , they can measure air temperature , wave height , and the rain shadow . the data is stored and can be stored on board the ship and then transmitted via cable , satellite , or satellite communication to data centers for use in weather prediction and climate monitoring . both fixed sensors and drifting satellites ( floating in the ocean ocean currents ) are used . drifting satellites measure the water temperature at a depth of 2 m ( 0 @ . @ . ft ) . many different drifting satellites exist around the world that vary in size and the shape of the drift satellites used . these satellites are transmitted to ships for accurate and reliable data collection . other than their use as a means of# ##ly , their data is used in government agencies , in response to oil spill , court cases , and ship disasters . these weather balloons can also serve as a navigation aid , like other types of balloons . = = = = = weather balloons range in diameter from 1 @ . @ 3 metres ( 3 @ . @ 10 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) . those that are used in shallow waters are smaller in diameter and moored with steel chains , while those in deeper waters use a combination of chains , cables , and weather balloons . since they do not have a military use , these weather balloons are designated as special forces under the iala act , are painted white , and carry a red warning light at night . weather balloons are round and used in open ocean waters , with a diameter of 10 metres ( 33 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) . the standard 3 @ - @ metre ( 10 ft ) platform is a very large weather monitoring platform that has long term survivability . the average service life of the 3 @ - @ metre ( 10 ft ) platform is in excess of 20 years and when used , these platforms have mostly been retired due to age . the float is a large , mobile weather monitoring platform designed for use in extreme weather along the coast and on the great lakes . those moored along the northern us coast commonly experience severe storms with peak wave heights of 20 metres ( 66 ft ) into the gulf of mexico . these floats are smaller than their moored counterparts , typically 30 centimetres ( 12 in ) to 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) in diameter . they are made of plastic or metal , and tend to be about 1 @ - @ size , with white on one half and red stripes on the other half of the float , usually either red or white . it measures a smaller subset of the data when compared to its floating counterpart , with a sensor measuring it in a tube at the top . they have a platform ( metal plate ) at the bottom , and an aluminum plate , or floating platform , about 15 metres ( 49 ft ) above the surface , connected with the float by a long , thin cable . = = deployment and maintenance = = a national network of weather sensors in the united states is maintained by the national data collection center , with deployment and maintenance performed by the united states coast guard . for west africa , thesouth african meteorological service operates and maintains their drifting markers , while the meteorological service of new zealand performs the same function for their country . environment canada operates and retrieve ##s for their country . the met office of great britain maintains drifting markers for both the northern and southern pacific oceans . = = relative to data from ships = = wind measurements from drifting ships have less accuracy than those from ships . thus the differences of the two sources are that drifting ships report winds from a height of 5 metres ( 16 ft ) , while ships report winds from a height of 20 metres ( 66 ft ) to 40 metres ( 130 ft ) . the surface temperature measured in the home waters of drifting ships has a temperature bias of - 1 @ . @ . ° ##f ( 1 ° f ) due to the temperature of the engine room . this bias has led to increases in the rate of global warming since 2000 . deep waters increase the surface temperature at a depth of 3 metres ( 10 ft ) .