= = = religion = = egyptian gods were the gods and deities worshipped in ancient egypt . the beliefs and practices of these deities formed the basis of ancient egyptian religion , which began sometime in antiquity . gods were natural forces and forces , and the egyptians manipulated and controlled them through beliefs and rituals so that these forces would continue to act according to maat , the egyptian law . after the founding of the egyptian state in 3100 bc , the power to perform these tasks was held by the pharaoh , who continued to be the gods ' leader and run the temples where the rituals were carried out . the gods ' various ##ities were expressed through rituals and the complex relationships between them : complex relationships , complex alliances and hierarchies , and combinations of multiple deities into one . deities ' physical forms ( plants — , gods , plants , animals , and people of different cultures — often related , through art , to their physical forms . in many cultures , various gods were said to have the highest status in egyptian religion , including the sun god ra , the moon god ra , and the sun goddess isis . the sun god was often associated with the creation of the universe and was associated with the god @ - @ or life of the universe . modern scholars have argued , based in part on ancient texts , that the egyptians failed to recognize a single supreme being that existed within the gods and was present in all the other worlds . but they never abandoned their ancient egyptian view of the gods , except perhaps during the period of atenism in the 4th century bc , when egyptian worship focused solely on the egyptian sun god ra . gods were said to be active in the world , capable of controlling natural forces and the course of human history . people identified with them in official and private contexts , for personal reasons as well as for larger aspects of everyday life . people asked for their names , used magic to force them to appear , and called upon them for advice . people ' relationships with their gods were a major feature of egyptian culture . = = = = = the figures in ancient egyptian literature who can be identified as gods are difficult to identify . egyptian texts give the names of many deities whose existence is unknown and make vague , vague references to other deities who are not explicitly named . the archaeologist john a . smith estimates that more than 1 @ , @ , deities are mentioned in egyptian texts , whereas his colleague michael leitz estimates there were " thousands upon thousands " of them . the egyptian language ' s words for these deities , ntr, " god " , and the feminine form ntrt , " mother " . scholars have attempted to determine the exact meaning of the word by providing explanations for these words , but none of these explanations have gained traction , and the words ' meaning remains unclear . the signs that were interpreted as deities and used in writing these words show many of the concepts that the egyptians associated with god . the most common of these signs is a bird hanging from a tree . other signs were placed at the entrance of temples , indicating the presence of a god , throughout ancient egyptian history . other common signs include a bird , symbols of the early gods who were depicted as animals , and a seated male or female figure . the feminine form could also be associated with an egg shaped symbol , linking it with fertility and fertility , or with a serpent , reflecting the use of the serpent to represent the egyptian deities . the egyptians derived ntrw , " god " , from rmt , " god " , but the meanings of the egyptian and the greek terms do not match up . the term ntr may have applied to any being that existed in some form outside the realm of human beings . some people were called ntr because they were considered to be among the gods , whereas the term was not applied to any of egypt ' s many human beings , which modern scholars often call " gods " . egyptian rock art often depicts people , things , and things in abstract terms . these abstract concepts range from deities that were important in religion and mythology to abstract concepts , only mentioned once or twice , that may be little more than myths . given these subtle distinctions between deities and human beings , scholars have proposed various definitions of a " god " . one widely accepted definition , proposed by michael assmann , is that a god has a name , is involved in some aspect of the afterlife , and is involved in ritual and other forms of religious practice . according to a second definition , by dimitri meeks , ntr applied to any being that was the object of worship . from this definition , " gods " included the god , who was considered a god in his religious life , and other gods , who entered the human realm during the ##s . however , the identity of the egyptian gods was determined by the religious service that was held for them in egypt . = = = = = the earliest written record of religion in egypt dates from the early neolithic period ( c . 3100 – 2686 bc) . they may have originated somewhere in the early predynastic period ( around 3100 bc ) and developed out of earlier religious practices . predynastic art depicts a variety of animal and human deities . some of these deities , such as horses and dogs , are representative of other aspects of egyptian society in earlier times , but in many cases there is not enough evidence to determine whether the images were associated with them . as egyptian society became more complex , more evidence of religious practices emerged . the earliest stone temples appeared in the early decades of the predynastic period , often with images that resemble the images of egyptian deities : the pyramid that represents isis and the other gods , the two swords that stand for neith , and the large " sun stone " that represents ra . various scholars and archaeologists have advanced theories about how the gods developed in these early times . gustave jequier , for example , believed the egyptians first worshipped human gods , then deities in animal form , and finally deities in human form , whereas henri ##ot believed that the gods may have been worshipped in animal form from the beginning . both of these theories are now regarded as too late , and more recent theories , such as hans morenz ' hypothesis that deities emerged as people began to separate themselves from and explore their surroundings , are difficult to support . predynastic egypt largely consisted of small , independent communities . because the deities in these times were closely related to other peoples and cultures , some scholars have argued that the deities developed as small communities grew into larger ones , absorbing and absorbing the influence of the various local gods . still others have argued that the most important predynastic deities were , like other aspects of egyptian culture , worshipped all over the country despite the political turmoil surrounding them . the first step in the development of egyptian religion was the unification of egypt , in which rulers from upper egypt declared themselves rulers of the whole country . these new rulers and their subjects had the exclusive right to interact with the gods , and religion became the central part of the religion . new deities began to emerge from this unification . these new deities like ra and ra are not known to have existed until the new kingdom ( c . 2686 – 2181 bc ) . animals and people could also influence the creation of a deity to represent them , and they were often created to act as a @ - @ - partner to other gods and humans . they were considered to be masculine ,although only a few continued to be worshipped even after their death . the early @ - @ - deities were said to gain the favor of the gods and be honored there . this place was probably where @ - @ originated , as the great priests imhotep and amenhotep son of hapu were honored as gods well into their lives , as were many other deities . through contact with foreign cultures , the egyptians gradually introduced new deities . dedun , who is first mentioned in the old kingdom , may have come from egypt , and ra , anat , and ra , among others , were imported from ancient egypt during the new kingdom ( c . 1550 – 1070 bc ) . in greek and roman times , from 332 bc to the roman empire period , deities from across the red sea were introduced to egypt , but the original gods remained , and they gradually incorporated the deities of these cultures into their own religion . = = = = = the history of egyptian beliefs about the gods is largely known from the writings written by the country ' s rulers and priests . these priests were the elite of egyptian society and were quite different from the general population , most of whom were priests . little is known about how well this elite population understood and accepted the religious beliefs that the priests held . rulers ' views of the gods may have differed from those of the priests . the rulers may , for example , have mistaken the priesthood ' s general beliefs about the gods and their nature for actual beliefs . but overall , what little is known about ancient egyptian religion is consistent with the egyptian tradition . the elite would hold a more abstract view of the gods and their nature . = = = = = = = = many deities represented natural and supernatural forces . the gods were also believed to be involved in these and — to be active in them . the types of things they represented included physical forces and forces as well as abstract ideas and concepts . the god shu was the creator of all the world ' s creatures ; the god meretseger created the vast expanse of the underworld , the egyptian underworld ; and the goddess sia represented the abstract nature of creation . these deities often had multiple names and were involved in multiple types of activities . for example , khnum was the ruler of an island in the delta of the nile , the land that was vital to egyptian civilization . he is credited with causing the first great flood that destroyed the island ' s soil . in thean outgrowth of this short @ - @ life power , ra was able to create all living things , turning their world into a potter ' s wheel . gods could play the same role in everything ; ra , atum , khepri , isis , and other gods served as creator gods . despite their many roles , all deities had one essential goal in life : creating maat , the cosmic order that was the guiding force of egyptian society and was itself regarded as a god . but some deities brought order to maat . most notably , apep was the god of chaos , constantly trying to maintain the order of the universe , and ra was an important force of egyptian society who could both create chaos and destroy it . not all aspects of existence were represented by deities . although many deities were associated with the universe , no deity represented it in the way that ra represented the nile . short @ - @ life phenomena , like earthquakes or storms , were not represented by deities ; they were not representing fire and water and the other elements of the universe . the roles of each deity were different , and each deity could change their role to take on other roles . as a result , deities ' roles were difficult to define and define . even beyond their roles , the gods had limited powers and spheres of influence . not even the creator god could see beyond the boundaries of the universe that he created , and even isis , although she was said to be the mother of the gods , was not there . richard j . smith , however , notes that egyptian texts from the early new kingdom indicate that , as beliefs in the god were developed , he was thought to balance divinity and order and to maintain the order of the universe in a way that other deities did not . the deities with the most limited and limited powers are sometimes called " lesser deities " or " gods " in modern english , although there is no precise definition for these deities . among these lesser deities , but claude traunecker makes a distinction between " gods " — , and deities of certain places , people , and creatures , such as the sea and sky goddess wadj @ - @ wer and the sun goddess renenutet — and others , which have a more complex nature . these deities are destructive , causing wars and other conflicts among themselves . their powers can also be limited ; they can destroy certain places like the duat , theguardians of the gods , to protect and watch over them . egyptians believed the pantheon was composed of these various supernatural forces . they could act as guardians and advisors to the minor gods , but their role in the pantheon was not clear . the minor gods set and taweret originally played minor , or @ - @ like roles , but over time they came to be associated with great power . = = = = = = = human ##kind was supposed to govern all of egypt . except for the minor gods who maintained the natural order , the gods ' actions created maat and created and controlled all living things . they did this primarily through a power the egyptians called heka , a term sometimes translated as " spirit " . heka was the divine power that the sun god used to create the universe and the gods themselves . the gods ' actions in the universe were described and illustrated in myths and religious texts . in egypt , myth primarily describes the gods ' actions during a vaguely defined time in which the gods are present on earth and interact directly with humans . the events of this particular time set the stage for the events of the future . many myths are related to events in the solar cycle ; the creation of the egyptian nation , for example , and moses ' ascension to the throne of his father ra . myths are explanations for the gods ' actions , which we cannot fully understand . they are often contradictory messages , each giving a different perspective on the universe . the gods in myth are part of the egyptians ' complex @ - @ - approach to religious thought — what henri ##ot calls a " variety of approaches " to understanding the universe . in myth , the gods behave much like humans . they lack intelligence ; they can speak , drink , eat , sleep , live , and die . they have different personality traits . ra is cruel and violent , and ra , god of wisdom and learning , is prone to making @ - @ like humans . but overall , the gods behave more like humans than other known individuals . their behavior is complex , and their motives and actions are poorly explained . most stories about them have very detailed characters and plots , because the emotional content of the myths is more symbolic than mere storytelling . the central historical event is the creation of the universe , depicted in many different myths . they focus on the gods , some of which themselves appear as different characters . the seven sons of the sun , who create the universe that is creation , give rise to thethe sun , who creates order in the newly created universe ; ra , who combines thought and action , bringing order to all things by naming and naming them ; atum created all things as part of himself ; and isis , according to the myth created by his father , created and influenced the ancient egyptian pantheon . these and other aspects of the cycle of creation are often seen in myths . each offers a different perspective on the creative process by which the natural universe and its constituent elements emerge from the chaos . the cycle of creation , during which a number of gods reign as kings of the egyptian pantheon , is the basis for these myths . the gods struggle against the forces of chaos and among each other by withdrawing from the natural world and allowing the new forces of chaos to emerge in their place . a prominent theme in these myths is the failure of the gods to defend maat against the forces of chaos . they wage many battles with the forces of chaos at the time of creation . ra and apep , facing each other at war , continue this struggle into the afterlife . another common theme is the gods ' death and rebirth . the first scene where a god dies is the scene of isis ' death , after which that god is reborn as king of the duat . the sun god is then said to grow old during his long journey through the underworld , go into the duat at night , and return as a young man at dawn . in the morning he comes into contact with the sacred forces of the chaos . the scenes that depict ra ' s journey through the duat often show the faces of those who were killed along with him . instead of becoming changelessly immortal , the gods actually died and were resurrected , completing the cycle of creation , thus restoring the natural order . but it is also possible for this cycle to be broken and for ra to return . some poorly understood egyptian myths also suggest that this cycle is destined to end — that the sun god will one day destroy the rest of the universe , leaving only himself and ra amid the new chaos . = = = = = = = gods were linked with other regions of the universe . in egyptian religion , the universe comprised the earth , the heavens , and the duat . beyond them was the same formlessness that existed before them . the gods in general were believed to reside in the heavens , although those whose gods were linked with other regions of the universe were alsoto be in those places helps . the events of mythology , occurring at the time of the gods ' departure from the natural world , take place in the spiritual realm . the gods can only communicate with those in the underworld . the duat , in particular , is described as a dark and hostile place , and the gods who reside there have difficulty communicating with those in the world of the underworld . the world outside the temple was also said to be very hostile . it often was inhabited by gods , some hostile and some friendly to the other gods and their own gods . during the period of mythology , the gods were said to be living in the underworld or were hidden in the underworld . they were their primary means of communication with humans . each year , it was believed , the gods moved from the mortal world to their temples , their homes in the natural world . there they created the sacred images , the images that represented gods and allowed humans to interact with them in their lives . this connection between gods is often seen as a connection between the heavens and the earth . since temples were the focal point of egyptian religion , the god of the city ' s main temple was the patron god for the city and the surrounding area . gods ' spheres of influence in society depended on the towns and cities they presided over . many temples had more than one cult center , and their religious practices varied over time . they could establish themselves in different places , and their spheres of influence could vary . however , a particular god ' s main cult center in ancient times was not necessarily his or her place of worship . the political importance of a temple could determine the identity of its patron gods . when invaders from egypt took control of the ##bes and ##bes of the old kingdom ( c . 2055 – 1650 bc ) , they removed the ' gods , — first the thunder god montu and then rose — to political power . = = = names and functions = = = in egyptian religion , names reflect the very nature of the god to which they refer . in accordance with this principle , the names of gods often refer to their nature and functions . the name of the moon god sekhmet means " unknown one " , the name of the sun god ra means " unknown one " , and the name of the goddess nekhbet , who was worshipped in the city of nekheb , means " she of nekheb " . all the other names have a specific meaning , even when the people who bear them are not related to a specific god . the name of thethe god ra and the earth god isis do not share the same names for heaven and earth . the egyptians also created new legends giving new meanings to their names . a legend in the coffin texts gives the name of the sky god sokar as sk ##or , meaning " lord of the sky " , to link his name with his role in the opening of the creation process , while another in the coffin texts says the name is based on words spoken by ra , linking sokar with the most important sky god . the gods were said to have many names . among them were certain names that reflected their true nature more clearly than others . to know the secret name of a god is to have power over him . the importance of this is illustrated by a story in which isis confronts the sun god ra and threatens to kill him unless he reveals his secret name to her . upon learning the name , she teaches it to her son , ra , and by learning it they gain greater knowledge and power . in addition to their names , gods were given titles , like " lord of darkness " , " lord of light " , or " lord of the gods " , that reflected some aspect of their nature or their powers . because of the gods ' complex and varied roles , they could receive multiple names — with more powerful deities receiving multiple names — and the same epithet can apply to multiple deities . these names later became separate entities , as with werethekau , an epithet given to minor deities meaning " great one " , which came to be regarded as an independent entity . the use of other names and titles reflected the gods ' dual nature . = = = = = = = the gods were connected by a complex and varied set of relationships . each deity ' s roles and relationships with other deities helped define their roles . goddess isis , as the mother and wife of god , was a divine being as well as the mother of god . these relationships were the source material from which gods were created . these relationships are a common source of connection among gods . gods can be male and female respectively , reflecting the concept of family in egyptian religious thought . parents of new children , with a father , mother , and child , facilitate the birth of new gods and the succession of the father to the son , a concept that links divine lineage with human lineage . ra , isis , and isis were the first family ofthis failed . the example they set became more complex over time , so that the deities of local cult centers , like ra , sekhmet , and their consort nefertum at memphis and ra , mut , and khonsu at memphis , were grouped into larger groups . large groups like these were common , in keeping with the various traditions of egyptian religion . hathor , as a female goddess , could serve as mother to any other god , or the female equivalent of the sun god , although in some cases she was the sun god ' s wife . other important groups were groups of deities with different aspects , but which all represented a part of the larger egyptian pantheon . there were groups of deities for the parts of the day and night and for each province ( region ) of egypt . some of these groups represent a fixed , clearly defined set of deities . two groups that stand for two , different deities that are part of a larger pantheon . mu , who is active and - @ - @ - , and ra , who is static and lives in darkness , combined into a single god of light . groups of three were associated with unity in ancient egyptian religion , and groups of three with plurality . egyptians in the early old kingdom had a single main pantheon of three deities above all others : ra , mu , and ra . these groups stood for the unity of the gods , as well as for their local cult centers ( the three cities of memphis , heliopolis , and memphis ) and for all other types of deities in egyptian religious practice . later ra , the sun god of the 18th dynasty , and the cause of unity in the pantheon , was added to this group , which represented a more divine aspect of the pantheon . each , the powers of two and three , represented a number , and the egyptians called these important groups " enneads " , or groups of nine , even if they had more than nine members . the most important group was the pantheon of heliopolis , an important group of deities descended from the sun god atum , which incorporates all other deities . the term " pantheon " was later extended to include all of egypt ' s gods . this great city was a vast and complex society . deities with great power over the gods and who were mythologically greater than others held high positions in egyptian society . at the top of this hierarchy was the king of the gods , who wassometimes associated with the sun god . in different periods of egyptian history , the gods were also often said to fulfill this same role . ra was the most important god in the ancient egyptian period , ra rose to prominence during the new kingdom , and was prominent in the pantheon , and in the greek and roman periods , isis was the supreme ruler and mother goddess . the created gods tended to inherit ba from their predecessors . isis absorbed the ba of many other gods during her reign , and when he became the king of the gods , he became united with ra , the supreme ruler of the universe , to form a single god . = = = gods and aspects = = = the gods were said to come in many forms . the egyptians had many concepts of the human body , consisting of many elements . the souls of the dead were composed of many of these divine elements . the ba was the part of the divine or divine being that created the world around them . a physical manifestation of a god ' s ba could be called a ba ; similarly , the eye was called the eye of ra . a manifestation of a god was called a ra , the source of its ba , which served as a symbol for that god ' s power to exist . the painted images of deities that were the subject of religious worship , as well as the clay vessels that housed the deities , were said to house these elements in this form . gods could be given different names and forms , which were often given as representing different aspects of the god ' s power . everything in existence was said to be composed of the ba of atum the creator god , who had created all things within himself , and the ka could be called the ba of ra , implying that the one god was a manifestation of the god ' s ba . other body parts could appear as local deities , including the eye of ra and that of atum , both of which were known as ba . some specific deities gave names to local deities , which sometimes replaced the ba of the local deities . others had local forms attributed to local deities , including that of nekhen , that of buhen , and that of edfu . these local deities could be seen only as local entities . during the old kingdom , a man was accused of stealing money from an object said to be stolen from god of pe @ - @ khenty . he had many different local forms of his ba for a reward2 . gods ' names also varied according to their function . ra could be a powerful protective deity or fertility god , and these two were often regarded as separate gods . deities were joined with each other as soon as they were created . one god could be given the name of ra , and two or more gods could be combined into one deity with a common name and function . local deities were combined with foreign deities , and deities with different functions were added . ra was combined with the solar god sobek to form sobek @ - @ ra ; with his sun - god , ra , to form ra @ - @ ra ; with the lunar form of ra to form ra @ - @ horakhty ; and with other solar forms like horemakhet @ - @ khepri @ - @ ra @ - @ atum . on rare occasions , two deities of both sexes were combined in this way , in deities like ra @ - @ neith and mut @ - @ ra . this combination of deities is called fusion . unlike other religions for which this term is used , the new religion was not intended to have different belief systems , although foreign deities could be combined with local deities . however , it increased the overlap of their functions , and expanded the sphere of influence for each of them . these connections were not uniform ; a god who was included in a pantheon tended to behave differently and to form different relationships with other deities . even closely related deities would sometimes merge . ra absorbed several local deities from different regions , such as khenty @ - @ irty and khenty @ - @ khety , which were little more than local variants of him ; hathor absorbed a minor local deity , isis ; and an egyptian female deity , khenti @ - @ amentiu , was influenced by isis and ra . = = = the god and his wife = = = around the time of ra ( c . 1353 – 1336 bc ) during the ra @ - @ ra period , a single supreme deity , the ra , became the supreme god of the egyptian pantheon . egyptians began to suppress the worship of other gods and placed the gods ' names and images on images , the ra in particular . this new belief system , sometimes called atenism , differed significantly from the religious practices of the egyptians of the previous period .whereas , in earlier times , several different gods were integrated into other religious beliefs , atenism focused on a single conception of the divine that excluded the entire hierarchy of gods . thus atenism could not have been a religion , which also excluded belief in other gods . there is evidence suggesting that the egyptian population was also able to worship other gods in secret . the debate is further complicated by atenism ' s apparent preference for only minor deities , including shu . for these reasons , the historian bernard lewis suggested that egypt may have been monolatrous , accepting a single god while denying the power of others . in any case , atenism ' s new beliefs did not take hold among the egyptian population , and budge ' s followers returned to traditional beliefs . = = = understanding of the divine in egyptian religion = = = scholars have long debated whether ancient egyptian religion ever believed that the various gods were , on a fundamental level , one . reasons for this contention include the use of analogy , which would suggest that all the different gods could not merge into one , and the tendency of wisdom texts to describe a single god with powers that exceeded all other gods . another point of contention is the use of the term " god " in wisdom literature , where the term does not refer to a single deity or group of deities . in the early 20th century , for example , f . h . wallis budge believed that egyptian religions were secular , and knowledge of the fully divine nature of the gods was only for the educated , who read the wisdom texts . his contemporary , henry james believed that religion was fully divine , with the power of the one god inherent in all the gods , while hans kung argued that egyptian religion had been originally religious and became secular in the course of its development . in 1971 , erik hornung published a critique of these arguments . he points out that in any wisdom text many gods , even minor ones , are described as superior to all others . he also argues that the term " god " in the wisdom texts was a generic term for whichever god the reader wished to describe . although the features , names , and functions of each god were constantly varied , they were always limited to a small group of deities , never being fully unified in a religious or secular sense . henotheism , hornung says , describes egyptian religion differently than other religions . the egyptiancould identify a god at a particular moment and associate him with great power at that time , without ignoring the other gods or grouping them together with the gods that he or she depended on . hornung argues that the gods were originally represented only in myth , at the time of creation , in which the pantheon of gods emerged from a single mass . hornung ' s views have also influenced other aspects of egyptian religion , and some scholars argue that at times the gods were more distinct than myth ##ic . richard assmann argues that the concept of a single god spread rapidly during the new kingdom , beginning with the emphasis on ra @ - @ , or the ra @ - @ or sun god . in his view , atenism was an early example of this trend . egyptians identified the one god with the sun and created the other gods . however , after the revolt against atenism , egyptian people saw the one god in a new context , one that fit with other beliefs . the one god was believed to create the sun and create the other gods , while at the same time , the other gods were creations of the sun . according to assmann , this one god was often identified with ra , the supreme being of the early new kingdom , whereas for the rest of egyptian religion the one god could be identified with the other gods . john c . taylor argues that the concepts of one god and multiple gods would fit in with the " pantheon of gods " in greek mythology , as well as with the henotheistic nature of egyptian religion . he argues that the egyptians may have denied the existence of the gods by " replacing their uniform concept of ' god ' with a single god , depending on the particular context . " = = appearances and descriptions = = egyptian myths describe the gods ' appearance in detail . they are made of various materials ; their skin is black , their eyes are black , and their hair is lapis black . they give off a smell that the egyptians attribute to the ash used in incense . egyptian myths give detailed descriptions of their gods , including their appearance and skin color . but these details are not fixed ; in fact , gods change their appearance to suit their own needs . egyptian texts often refer to gods ' general , physical appearances as " gods " . the egyptians ' visual descriptions of their gods are also not fixed . they show various aspects of the god ' s personality , very much like the gods in their pantheon .for this reason , the funerary figure isis is often depicted in egyptian art as a lion or cobra , a creature whose actions had threatened the good of the world , in an attempt to eliminate this evil and use it for protection . his red hair refers to the color of his hair and to the rich red color that egyptians saw as a sign of resurrection . the gods were represented in different forms . hathor could be a lion , leopard , bull , or a man with long horns and claws . by portraying a single god in different forms , the egyptians developed different views of his true nature . the gods are represented in a large number of these different forms , so that they can often be distinguished from one another by their appearance . these forms include men and women ( creation ) , animals ( fertility ) , and , more rarely , other objects . combinations of forms , such as deities with human heads and animal heads , are common . these forms and increasingly complex symbols evolved over the course of time . some deities can also be distinguished from others if they are addressed in plural , as with isis and hathor . because of the complex relationship between these deities , they could also have the lion @ - @ hair , that was originally hathor ' s hair . some aspects of divine images are more important than others in determining a god ' s identity . the head of a hybrid divine image is especially important . in a hybrid image , the head is the human form of the god himself , so that , as the scholar richard smith puts it , " a lion @ - @ @ sphinx is a lion @ - @ head in human form , while a lion sphinx , therefore , is a man who has assumed the form of a lion . " royal crowns , which range from the various types of crowns worn by egyptian rulers to the crowns worn on kings ' heads , are another important feature . in addition , the objects held in gods ' hands tend to be symbolic . male gods carry wooden objects , goddesses carry ears of wheat , and both sexes carry ankh ##s , from the egyptian word for " life " , to represent their respective @ - @ @ s . the forms in which the gods are depicted , although varied , are important in many ways . most animals that are found in egypt are commonly used as divine images , whereas a few , such as humans , horses , and cattle ,they also represent other deities . animals that were imported from egypt in the early period of egyptian history were rarely used in religious art . for example , the buffalo , which was first depicted in the second intermediate period ( c . 1650 – 1550 bc ) , never represented a god . also , the clothes worn by egyptian gods in later periods differ greatly from the clothes used in the old kingdom : a beard , false teeth , and sometimes a cloak for male , and a long , tight @ - @ wrapped dress for females . the basic human form remains . some gods are depicted differently , as are some male gods when their procreative powers are shown . some female gods were given red skin and tails , representing their strength , fertility and fertility . whereas most male gods have blue skin and most females have yellow — the reverse is done to represent both men and women — who were " red , # ##al ##bino . " the red skin and red appearance of the god hapi refers to the great floods he caused and the fresh waters he drank . a few gods , such as ra , ptah , and isis , have a " mummiform " appearance , with their bodies being wrapped in cloth . although these deities resemble humans , the earliest depictions predate the tight @ - @ wrapped style of dress , and this style may also date back to the earliest , earliest depictions of deities . = = interactions with gods = = = = = interactions with the gods = = = in official texts , kings are considered to be deities , and they are often depicted in the form of the gods of the afterlife . the king and his descendants were considered the descendants of the gods who had ruled egypt in the past . deceased kings were associated with gods and were the " sons " of older gods , especially ra and ra ; deceased kings were associated with these younger gods . kings had their own personal temples where ceremonies were performed for them during their lives and after their deaths . however many kings were regarded as gods even after their death , and non @ - @ official texts portray them in a negative light . for these reasons , scholars disagree on how much most people considered the king to be a god . he may not have been considered god when he was performing ceremonies . however , it is possible , the king ' s divine status was the basis for his status as a ' s father tothe king , the god was the link between the divine and human worlds . the egyptians believed the gods had places to dwell in , as well as the regular performance of rituals and making of offerings to support them . these services were provided by the temples that the kings established , with their priests and priests . however , according to egyptian tradition , the @ - @ worship was primarily the king ' s worship , as were the rituals that were regularly performed in his presence . these rituals were also part of the king ' s divine power : the maat . the king and the people he ruled provided the gods with maat so they could continue to perform their rituals , which created maat in the afterlife so they could continue to exist . = = = living in the divine realm = = = although the egyptians believed their gods to be present in the world around them , communication between the human and divine realms was usually limited to certain dreams . in dreams , gods would appear to exist in a hidden form , but in real life the gods were limited to a direct means of communication . the image of a god was said to regularly enter the human realm to appear in the temple of that god . by viewing these images , the gods shed their hidden forms and took on a physical appearance . to the egyptians , any person or object that was dsr — " sacred " — , physically and emotionally important , and thus suitable for the gods to visit . egyptian paintings and statues , as well as other sacred objects , like the sacred bull , served as divine objects in this realm . dreams and visions were a very common way for communication . in these situations , it was believed , humans could get close to the gods and could receive messages from them . thus , according to egyptian religious traditions , human beings passed into the divine realm after death . the egyptians also believed that in afterlife they would be on the same level as the gods and could retain their divine nature . temples , where the religious rituals were carried out , were decorated with images of the gods . the most common cult statue was the cult statue in the capital city . these statues were usually larger than the @ - @ worship , and made of the same precious stones that were said to represent the gods ' bodies . most cities had many temples , each with a cult statue of one of the gods or a group known as a religious triad . the temple ' s patron deity was depicted as a god , and many of the priests were servants of the divine service that the statues provided . thedeities worshipped in the temples of egypt generally represented the egyptian pantheon . the many deities — both the major gods as well as those that were minor or subordinate — were not given temples of their own , although they were worshipped in the temples of other nations . to protect the sacred statues in the temples from the dangers of the outside world , the egyptians built special sanctuaries and severely restricted access to them . people other than priests and religious officials were often denied contact with the statues . the only exception was during famine times , when the statue was taken out of the sanctuary but remained locked in a separate room . priests would have no direct means of communication . the more public areas of temples also had various places for worship , from shrines to small rooms at the back of the temple complex . people also built and maintained small shrines for their own use , and some even had shrines in their homes . despite the distance that separated them from the gods , the egyptians were lured by humans to worship their gods . = = = involved in human affairs = = = egyptian gods were involved in human affairs as well as in the natural laws of nature . this divine influence extended only to foreigners , and other nations were generally considered to be in the divine realm . but by the old kingdom , when other nations were under egyptian rule , they were considered to be under the supreme god ' s direct rule in the same way that egyptians were . god , as the creator of life , was believed to grant long lives to both humans and gods . other gods were also believed to control the course of human life , including meskhenet , who presided over death , and shai , the god of life . controlling the time and place of death was the main focus of the egyptian concept of afterlife , although to some extent these ideas influenced other things in egypt as well . egyptian texts refer to deities influencing and controlling human actions , along with a person ' s " mind " — the source of wisdom and order in egyptian society . gods were also said to issue commands , advising the king in the affairs of his people and in the affairs of their kingdom . egyptian texts often mention specific commands given to specific individuals , and these commands were translated into a set of highly inspired moral codes . religion in ancient egypt was based on the law of maat , which , when applied to human beings , meant that everyone should behave in an orderly manner that did not interfere with the well @ - @ will of the gods . because gods were the source ofmaat , which was associated with them . for example , the gods judged humans ' moral character after death , and in the new kingdom , a lack of morality in this respect was believed to be necessary for entry into the afterlife . unlike in egypt , morality was based on the ways to observe maat in daily life , rather than on the rules that the gods laid down . humans had free will to follow divine guidance and the rules prescribed by maat , and in doing so they could impose a punishment upon themselves . each person carried out this punishment through the law , the law that established the god ' s control over the material world . natural disasters and other disasters were seen as the work of good human beings . additionally , the gods could cure sick people of disease and to extend their life . all these forms of morality were later replaced by evil : ra , who appeared in the new kingdom to provide divine guidance from evil , and petbe , an evil figure from the earlier eras of egyptian history who was created to prevent evil . egyptian texts have different views on whether the gods were responsible when humans suffer injustice . evil was also seen as a product of isfet , the divine force that is the opposite of maat , and that the gods were not guilty of causing bad things . even gods who were not associated with isfet , such as ra , could be responsible for evil in the world without imposing punishment on the other gods . however some texts explicitly accuse the gods of causing human suffering , while others provide evidence of the gods ' favor . beginning in the new kingdom , egyptian texts emphasize the existence of evil in the world with a myth in which the evil god leads a violent rebellion against his creation and then disappears from the world . because of this human suffering , the god is removed from his body , leaving it to die . new kingdom texts do not question the just nature of the gods as much as those of the old kingdom . they emphasize gods ' wisdom , direct contact with god and the gods ' ability to intervene in bad situations . egyptians of this period placed trust in the gods who they hoped would help and protect them with their actions . as a result , following the law of maat was less important than seeking the gods ' help as a way to live a good life . initially the gods were seen as dependent on divine guidance , and as the old kingdom came to an end , egypt was increasingly ruled by god and the gods' s . = = = = = = = these religious practices , which maintained maat for the good of ancient egypt , were similar to , but distinct from , the religious practices of the egyptians , who sought the gods ' help for their personal needs . egyptian religion had a number of rituals , usually in temples . some rituals were held every day , whereas others were smaller , taking place at regular intervals and often confined to a single temple or temple . the gods received their worship in elaborate ceremonies , in which their bodies were cleaned , clothed , and showered with offerings . prayers were said in their honor . these rituals , in addition to maintaining maat for the gods , represented gods ' good @ - @ or generosity and allowing them to be good rather than evil . rituals often included a religious procession in which a buddha image was taken out of the temple to a large @ - @ or shrine . these shrines served many purposes . in ancient times , when local deities of all kinds were believed to have appeared during the great floods , people from nearby villages took their images to the shrine where the gods could prevent a great and dangerous flood . pilgrimage also occurred between temples , as when the statue of hathor from dendera , joined her mother isis at the temple of edfu . rituals for a god were often based on that god ' s life . these rituals were considered to be reminiscent of the rituals of the babylonian pantheon , celebrating the good deeds of the other gods . in the khoiak , in honor of ra , his death and resurrection were often performed at a time when crops were beginning to fail . the dying god marked the end of the god ' s long life . human interaction with the gods took many forms . people who needed help or help consulted rituals , based in temples , that were used to give humans ' answers to questions . demons and other forms of the gods were used to ward off the demons that might prevent the good @ - @ being used to communicate the god ' s good qualities to the people . these rituals invoked the gods ' power to achieve various goals , from preventing disasters to defeating demons . these rituals included heka , the special kind of medicine that the gods used , which the god was believed to have given to humans so they could ward off demons . the leader of a particular ritual often took on the role of a leader in the cult , instead of aand ritual , to assist the individual in completing the task . these rituals contrasted with private offerings and prayers , and both these were common ways of seeking divine help . public and private offerings are also called " personal devotion " : practices that show a personal relationship between an individual and a god . evidence of personal devotion is found in the old kingdom . public offerings and personal prayers , some of which are theophoric , show that people had a connection between themselves and their gods . more direct evidence of devotion to gods is found only in the new kingdom , reaching its peak late in that period . scholars disagree on the meaning of this , — whether personal contact with the gods was a new phenomenon or an extension of older practices . people also expressed their devotion through a wide variety of practices in and around egypt . they recorded their devotion and their requests for divine help on papyrus . they made use of objects that represented the god they were devoted to , or that represented the result they desired ; thus a bronze statue of hathor and a statue of a ra could also represent a request for help . occasionally , a person received a particular object as a gift , offering his or her property or services to the god ' s worship . these practices continued into the later period of egyptian history . these later periods introduced new religious practices , including the practice of giving human heads as offerings to deities depicted in animal forms , such as the female head offering to the egyptian goddess bastet . many of the major deities from state and cult traditions were not worshipped in public worship , but many of the minor egyptian gods remained important in popular culture . the worship of the egyptian gods spread to other lands , especially to egypt and israel during the new kingdom , when those lands were under egyptian control . in israel , the imported gods , including hathor , isis , and ra , were gradually replaced with native gods , which in turn spread to israel . the native gods may not have built any temples in israel , and their worship gradually declined after egypt gained control of the region . in addition , many temples to the various egyptian gods and their deities were built in israel . after the end of egyptian rule however , the egyptian gods , including ra and isis , were replaced with native gods and became part of the culture of egypt ' s new kingdom of kush . these deities were incorporated into the egyptian system of religion , and they werein egypt , after that he was considered the founding father of the egyptians and isis and her descendants were identified with the greek gods , the kandake . isis even reached rome . taweret became a god in ancient egypt , and isis ' s temple at siwa ##h was known to and revered by priests throughout the ancient world . after the egyptian 18th dynasty and under roman rule , greeks and romans brought their own religions to egypt . these romans associated the egyptian gods with their ancestors , as part of the greco @ - @ roman tradition of interpretatio graeca . but the worship of the egyptian gods was soon swallowed up by that of roman rome . eventually , greek and roman gods were seen as descendants of egyptian gods . egyptian religion also influenced roman philosophy , ritual , religion , and even roman architecture . eventually , the worship of the egyptian gods — including isis , isis , zeus , the son of isis , harpocrates , and the ancient greco @ - @ roman goddess serapis — were incorporated into roman religion and spread throughout the roman empire . roman emperors , like greek emperors before them , used isis and serapis to show their power , inside and outside egypt . in the empire ' s vast network of religious traditions , zeus was transformed into the ancient egyptian god hermes trismegistus , and isis , who was brought from egypt to rome , became the center of a greco @ - @ roman imperial cult . isis and hermes trismegistus were also included in the egyptian religious tradition that developed from the roman religious tradition . temples and rituals in egypt itself declined after the roman empire collapsed in the third century ad , and , in the fourth century , rome abandoned the worship of egyptian gods . the last formal cult , the philae , died out in the fifth or sixth century . the rituals of the gods themselves disappeared within a few hundred years , remaining in some form into the seventh and eighth centuries . however many of the practices used in their worship , such as rituals and rituals , were adapted to meet egyptian needs and adopted as part of the coptic religion . given the cultural diversity and many changes in egyptian religion since that time , scholars disagree on whether any ancient egyptian practices are derived from those of ancient egypt . but the religious and cultural practices of modern egypt , both christian and muslim , reflect the practices of their ancestors ' religion .