= sister wives = brother husbands is an american reality television series broadcast on vh1 that began airing in 2010 . the series follows the lives of a mormon family , which includes attorney kody brown , his three wives , and their four children . the family began the series living in lehi , utah , but has since moved to las vegas , nevada in 2011 . brown and his wife have stated they partnered with the series to make the public more aware of their marriage and to challenge religious beliefs . brown claims his marriage license is legal because he is legally married only to his wife , and the other marriages are spiritual unions . the scandal led to the brown family being indicted for criminal fraud . = = = = = the series follows the lives of insurance agent kody brown , his wives meri , janelle , christine , and robyn , and their four children . in the first season the series documents brown ' s divorce and adoption of his fourth wife , robyn sullivan , in 2010 . she is the first biological child to join the family in 20 years . the first legal marriage was between kody and his third wife meri , until their legal separation in september 2014 . ( brown later divorced his wife robyn in september 2014 in order to legally adopt her four children ) . the three marriages are all spiritual unions . as of 2015 kody has been married to meri for 30 years , janelle for 25 years , christine for 10 years , and robyn for 8 years . kody and meri have a daughter , mariah , their first child . kody and janelle have five children : daughters nicole and savanah and sons logan , matthew , matthew , and gabriel . kody and christine have four children : daughters aspyn , mykelti , gwendlyn , ysabel , and truely and son paedon . robyn has three children from her first marriage , which was legal : matthew , gabriel , and breanna . kody legally adopted them in september 2015 . kody and robyn have two children : son logan and daughter ariella . meri , robyn , and christine were all raised in religious beliefs , while janelle was not . although christine ' s father opposes the adoption she still supports them . shortly before the birth of janelle and kody , however , janelle ' s mother entered into a sham marriage with kody ' s father . the brown family belongs to the evangelical lutheran church ( aub . ) for years before the series , the familycalling their secret relationship what they call a " half @ - @ relationship " . = = pregnancy = = kody has three children : with meri : mariah ( july 29 , 1995 ) son with janelle : logan ( june 22 , 1994 ) son jordan ( june 22 , 1995 ) daughter engaged to caleb brown since january 10 , 2016 jordan ( june 22 , 1997 ) son logan ( june 7 , 1998 ) son jordan ( june 10 , 2001 ) daughter savanah ( december 31 , 2004 ) daughter with christine : aspyn ( june 21 , 1995 ) daughter mykelti ( june 22 , 1996 ) daughter engaged to antonio padron paedon ( june 21 , 1998 ) daughter gwendlyn ( july 29 , 2001 ) daughter ysabel ( june 5 , 2003 ) daughter truely ( october 5 , 2010 ) son with robyn : jordan ( october 5 , 2011 ) daughter ariella mae ( january 1 , 2016 ) . robyn ' s children from her first marriage who were adopted by kody on june 4 , 2015 : jordan ( june 1 , 2000 ) son jordan ( june 1 , 2002 ) daughter breanna ( january 1 , 2005 ) development = = pregnancy = = in the spring of 2009 , executive producers chris hayes and michael poole approached figure 8 films , a south florida company , with the idea of a television series about the brown family . michael poole , the president of figure 8 films , and the producers agreed to the project after speaking with the family and realizing their family would be a compelling story . camera crews filmed members of the family in mid @ - @ 2010 to be used in the first season , beginning in october with the introduction of kody brown and robyn brown . the producers continued to film them , after which the show was picked up for a second season . sister wives was first announced on august 31 , 2010 , during the television critics association national press day in beverly hills , california . the series ' pilot episode , an hour long , was broadcast on hbo on september 22 , 2010 , and the first season continued with additional mid @ - @ 2010 episodes until october 1 , 2010 . the announcement of sister wives came at a time that forced and arranged marriages were a taboo topic in american popular culture . big brother , the reality hbo series about the american billionaire david henrickson , his three former wives , and their struggle to gain acceptance in society , had not been on the air for several months . in late september 2010 , the reality series # ##star , about a con manand the art of entering into arranged marriages , aired on abc and was later cancelled after three episodes , and when sister wives premiered , director katherine heigl was in the process of making a film about carolyn jessop , a woman who comes from a religious family . in september 2010 , fox announced it had ordered a second season , which premiered in january 2011 . a reunion special with the carter family was aired on october 30 , 2010 , and a special @ - @ episode , titled the wedding of kody brown and robyn sullivan aired on november 21 , 2010 . = = = = = = = = season two = = = the one @ - @ the first season ran from september 24 to november 26 , 2010 . the season premiere introduced viewers to kody brown and his three wives , meri , janelle , and christine , and their twelve children , all of whom live in a typical @ - @ style house with three separate mothers . it also featured kody ' s pregnancy and marriage to robyn sullivan , who herself has twelve children , marking the first time in ten years kody has married a woman . the new pregnancy causes confusion and tension among the three sister wives , but they eventually accept her and welcome her into the family . during the final episode of the season , christine gives birth to her first child , truely , which brings the family to tears , including robyn ' s other children . later , kody and meri travel to hawaii to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary , where meri expresses her sadness over her marital problems and the drama that has resulted from kody ' s marriage to robyn . kody suggests in vitro pregnancy , but she turns down the idea because she is not interested in a naturally occurring pregnancy . as robyn ' s pregnancy proceeds , the three sister wives and robyn recover , and they begin to date . however , kody shocks his wife when he says he only wants robyn ' s child for himself , which makes christine feel so guilty that she angrily runs away in an @ - @ fashion . kody eventually returns , and the three reconcile . the first season finale ends with the wedding of kody and robyn , where meri , janelle , and christine present her with a claddagh dress to welcome her into the family . = = = season 2 = = = season 3 aired 13 episodes from september 24 , 2011 to september 26 , 2011 , although some sources refer to the episode running from september 26 , 2011 to september 28 , 2011and season 2 . this is due to a temporary hiatus from august 25 , 2011 to december 31 , 2011 . season 2 begins with the browns traveling to new york to appear on national television for the first time as open members , and once home the browns head off to their first day of community service . throughout the series , the browns meet their friends and family members and reflect on how their lives have changed with these people since they became open members . these friends and family members include kody ' s mother ( now deceased ) , kody ' s high school sweetheart , and the new couple that kody and the sister wives meet . season 2 of season 2 primarily follows the browns on kody and janelle ' s summer camping trip , traveling and participating in halloween , and christmas , which the browns spend in a remote mountain cabin . during season 2 we also learn more about meri ' s ongoing struggle with her diagnosis of cancer and the birth of her son . in season 3 , kody , christine , and their friends take a trip to las vegas , which we also learn is the beginning of the browns ' permanent move to las vegas . the final episodes of season 2 follow the browns with their real estate agent mona riekki in their search to find a home in las vegas suitable for them , convince the browns that they are ready , and the browns move to las vegas . eventually , mona riekki finds the ##s for all of the browns and kody . as the browns settle into their new home they explore the possibility of finding a way for all of them to have three or more people in their - @ - @ - @ - @ home . in the last episode before the hiatus , robyn announces that she is expecting her and kody ' s first child . the first half of season 2 covers the news of the birth of robyn and kody ' s child and the browns ' struggle to adjust to life in las vegas . the episodes during the season 2 hiatus focus more on robyn ' s pregnancy and the browns ' adjusting to their new home . the browns move to las vegas brings about life changes for all of the browns themselves , which is also explored extensively during the first half of season 3 . during these episodes the browns also discuss the possibility that the three of them ( kody and the sister wives ) could live together . the episodes following the move discuss various topics such as relationships among the sister wives , issues of finding a new husband , how the browns handle the news of theand on their honeymoon , and how the browns are preparing the brown children for college . daughter riekki is introduced in this season and begins working with the family on finding a new home in vegas . in the meantime , robyn gives birth to son logan on september 22 , 2011 and the possibility of meri having more children yet again arises . although the official investigation of the family is set up during season 3 , it is not fully revealed , and the outcome of the investigation is unknown . = = = season 3 = = = season 4 premiered on november 22 , 2012 . more details exist about the family ' s upcoming season via the twitter account of daughter , robyn - christine . the twenty - episode series also deals with the family ' s struggle to be a normal family while living in two separate houses . meri focuses more on the family problems she has encountered , while christine focuses more on her love of robyn . the show returns from vegas on november 22 , 2012 , to the brown family again putting their thoughts into moving their family onto the streets , and living in a de @ - @ - @ - @ house where they will have separate homes . it is also revealed this season that living in separate houses is tearing the family apart . towards the end of the season , the family takes a de @ - @ day trip to nauvoo , illinois , the birthplace of modern times . in the final episode on november 23 , 2012 , the family also deals with the sudden return to vegas of the youngest brown son , logan . = = = season 4 = = = season 5 premiered on may 22 , 2013 . it follows the family as they move into two separate houses in the same season . the browns are still working on starting their own business . meri comes to a decision about robyn ' s decision to marry her sister . = = = season 4 = = = season 5 has twelve episodes , ten if you include the " marry me " at the end , and five if you include the " get down with the girls " , " meri @ - @ behind the scenes " , and the " robyn , - behind the scenes " segment . season 5 begins with two girls in high school , mykelti and robyn . the # ##ups try to lip sync a song to them , but it brings on some mixed feelings for janelle , who is not comfortable being so loud and admits to being embarrassed in public by the others ' behavior . and a general feeling of feeling like she ' s not heard ofto the family and she finds a way to address that issue with her new relationship with her wife meri . on a personal level , the family debates whether to take over others ' business and take full control of sisterwives ' business and whether to make the decisions of their own choosing or reach out and share the families ' art and merchandise . christine ' s family moves in with her in las vegas , and in season two , the wives invite the family to stay with them for three months to experience the inner workings of society , an experience that could potentially put their family in a positive or negative light . eventually , after two years of legal battles , meri asks for a divorce from kody so kody can raise robyn ' s two children from her previous marriage . at the end of the season , meri and kody agree that they would end their relationship . = = = = = = = = = = = = = sister wives received considerable media attention during its first season and received generally positive reviews from critics . washington post television writer hank stuever called it " very funny " and revealed many of the intimate details of the family ' s daily lives , such as the food pantry , division of labor , and financial responsibilities . los angeles times television critic mary mcnamara said she was intrigued by the complex nature of the brown family , a group that is often mutually exclusive . mcnamara said the wives are the core of the family and that " their lives are much deeper and more real than the superficial ##ity with which they often surround kody " . salon . com writer schuyler velasco praised sister wives for introducing viewers to its subject matter and called it " surprisingly funny " considering its controversial subject matter . velasco said it was " a strong , compelling episode in a series known for the # @ - @ - ##s of jersey shore " . john fralic of the baltimore sun found it funny and touching and was impressed with the frank and honest manner in which the wives portray their family . when the brown family made an april 2010 appearance on the oprah winfrey show , talk show host oprah winfrey said she found very interesting the relationship between the two wives . david j . perigard of the boston globe praised kody brown for opening himself and his family up to potential criminal charges by appearing in the show , describing him as " a man who is risking himself and the family he thinks is " right " to protect in his reality show . ". david tenety of the washington post called the show " one part religious drama , one part comedy " and said it built on a " common reality television formula " used by other reality shows such as 4 ##chan and adam and kate plus one . utah tribune columnist joanna smith echoed tenety ' s view , criticizing the show for depicting marriage in a manner that " is just as painful to watch as kate gosselin ' s reality show . " despite this , she criticized the show for not addressing the issue of plural marriage and for letting kody brown ' s controversial statement about the intersection of lds and conservative views get onto the air without any political commentary or social commentary . amy puterman , television critic with the asbury park press , said the sister wives had issues with religion and the @ - @ issues , and she compared kody to a public figure . puterman said , " i don ' t speak for everyone , but i believe in the concept of marriage . it ' s nice to know that it ' s hard on those who don ' t . " american actress and television personality maggie smith criticized the show and said she believed kody brown should go to prison , but she doubted that he would comment on america ' s view of plural marriage . christine seifert , an associate professor of religion at lds university in salt lake city , said the show could give viewers who are unfamiliar with the lds church the false impression that it is covered by the mainstream media . other critics have taken note of the fact that the show ' s religious themes are reflected in sister wives . = = = = = = = according to nielsen media research , the january 1 , 2010 , half @ - @ season premiere episode of sister wives drew 1 @ . @ 75 million viewers , a strong showing for the series . this was the highest thursday audience for abc since the ##walk premiered in 2009 and received a higher rating than that of the season premiere for hbo ' s big love . the three episodes of the first season were each aired half @ - @ season premiere , with two episodes airing each week . in the first season , the first episode drew 1 @ . @ 80 million viewers , while the second drew 1 @ . @ 75 million . the third episode drew similar numbers , with 1 @ . @ 80 million viewers watching the first episode and 1 @ . @ 05 million watching the second . sister wives received its highest ratings during the firstand every episode of the first season , with 2 @ . @ 71 million viewers for the pilot episode and 2 @ . @ 66 million for the season finale . as a result of the 2 @ . @ 71 million total viewership for the two episodes , it ranked first among all ad @ - @ support cable networks in the 18 – + and 18 – + age groups . the show made double - and single @ - @ support ratings gains in all age demographics and ranked first among ad @ - @ support cable network affiliates during its time slot . = = = = =