= you only live twice ( 1967 ) = you only live twice ( 1967 ) is the second bond film in the james bond series , and the first to star sean connery as the fictional mi6 agent james bond . the film ' s screenplay was written by roald dahl , and is based on ian fleming ' s 1964 novel of the same name . it was the first james bond film to use much of fleming ' s material , using only a few characters and events from the novel as the basis for an entirely new story . in the film , bond is sent to japan after american and british manned spacecraft disappeared there in 1967 . with each side opposing the other amidst the cold war , bond travels alone to a remote japanese island in order to find the spacecraft and come face to face with baron stavro blofeld , the leader of russia . the film reveals the identity of blofeld , who was previously a minor fictional character . he is manipulating the government of an unnamed asian country , revealed to be the people ' s republic of china , in order to provoke war between the nations . during the filming in japan , it was announced that sean connery would retire from the role of bond . returning after a break , he returned for 1971 ' s diamonds are forever and for 1983 ' s - @ - @ eon bond : never say never again . you only live twice was the first bond film to be directed by lewis gilbert , who also directed the 1977 film the spy who loved me and the 1979 film moonraker , both starring roger moore . you only live twice was a commercial success , receiving positive reviews and grossing over $ 111 million in the box office . = = = = = an american communications satellite is launched from orbit by an alien spacecraft . the u . s . believes it to be the spacecraft of the soviets , but the japanese do not , since the spacecraft crashed in the sea of japan . to investigate , mi6 agent james bond is sent to japan , causing his eventual death in hong kong and being rescued at sea from the submarine tenby ( f65 ) . upon his arrival , bond is met by aki , talking to the japanese secret service agent hiroshi tanaka while watching sumo . aki introduces bond to the mi6 agent dikko henderson . henderson claims to have found traces of the alien spacecraft , but is killed before bond can respond . bond shoots and kills the man , using the man ' s body as a shield and escaping in the same car, which leads him to osato chemicals . once there , bond escapes the guards and breaks into the desk safe of a mr . osato . after stealing documents , bond is attacked by two men , but is rescued by aki , who flees to a nearby police station . bond follows her , but escapes through a secret passage leading to tanaka ' s office . the stolen documents are examined and found to contain a photograph of the soviet spaceship ning @ - @ po with a note , but the man who took the documents was killed by a security guard . bond drives to osato chemicals to meet mr . osato himself , posing as a potential japanese president . osato thanks bond and , after their meeting , orders his secretary , helga brandt , to have him arrested . inside the building , assassins open fire on bond but aki rescues him unharmed . bond and aki head to tokyo , where the ning @ - @ po is docked . they infiltrate the ship ' s research laboratory and discover that the ship is carrying parts for jet engines . they are attacked , but bond fights the assassins until aki gets away ; however , bond himself is attacked and knocked unconscious . she survives , waking up in bond and helga brandt ' s cabin aboard the ning @ - @ po . she finds bond , where she discovers he has managed to make his way to japan . she then takes bond to tokyo where , en route , she sets off a bomb on the plane and passes out . bond manages to board the plane . after finding out where the ning @ - @ po is , he flies into the city in a heavily armed car driven by tanaka . near a volcano , bond is attacked by bombs , which he destroys , confirming his suspicion that the soviet ' s spaceship is nearby . the soviet spaceship is then attacked from space by a soviet submarine , raising tensions between japan and the west . the soviet spaceship lands in an underwater cave system beneath the volcano . it is revealed that the real power behind this is both stavro blofeld and brandt . blofeld tries to blame her for her attempt to kill bond , but after she leaves , she triggers a trap that sends her into a body of water . blofeld orders osato to kill her . bond escapes with tanaka ' s men , during which an attempted assassination kills aki instead . she is identified as an american with a fake letter to tanaka' s daughter , kissy suzuki . acting on a tip from suzuki , the two investigate the cave and the area surrounding it . learning that the entrance of the cave contains a secret entrance to the japanese submarine base , bond goes inside , while kissy goes to warn tanaka . bond finds and rescues the captured japanese and , with their help , boards a rocket to japan to launch the nuclear submarine " bird one " . however , blofeld shoots bond , and he is captured before bird one is launched . bird one closes in on the japanese space station , and japanese forces prepare to launch a nuclear attack on the station . meanwhile , the japanese forces attack the ussr ' s base , but are ambushed and fired upon . bond manages to open the hatch , letting in the japanese . during the ensuing battle , bond makes his way to the control room and destroys bird one ' s self @ - @ system . he destroys the japanese submarine . the japanese call in their reinforcements . blofeld destroys the base ' s self @ - @ defense system and escapes . bond , kissy , tanaka , and the captured japanese escape before the submarine explodes . = = = = = sean connery as james bond : an mi6 agent . akiko wakabayashi as aki : an assassin with the japanese government who kills bond . mie hama as kissy suzuki : an ama ##ze ##lda who replaces aki after her death . donald pleasence as baron stavro blofeld : the ruthless head of the criminal organization known as spectre . he plans to start a global nuclear war . tetsuro tamba as general tanaka : head of the intelligence service . teru shimada as dr . osato : a japanese scientist closely related to tanaka . karin dor as helga meyer / no . 1 : osato ' s secretary and a kgb operative . christopher lee as m : the head of mi6 . charles dance as dikko henderson : a man living in london . burt kwouk as the assassin : one of blofeld ' s agents . lois wilson as miss moneypenny : m ' s secretary . desmond llewelyn as sam : head of mi6 intelligence service . tsai chang - chan : an mi6 agent in hong kong . ronald reagan as joe : blofeld ' s personal assistant . akira toguri as man in black : one of osato ' s assassins , who killsaki . richard maivia - car ##o : one of osato ' s men , who follows bond . = = = = = = her majesty ' s secret service was the first bond film , but the producers decided to make you only live twice , because they would be filming for high and low places . lewis gilbert initially declined the offer to direct , but accepted after producer albert r . hunt approached him saying : " you can ' t pass up this one . it ' s the biggest city in the world . " albert r . hunt , who directed the first two bond films , said that gilbert had been sought by the producers for other projects but they knew they had to find him . gilbert , brothers david and harry saltzman , production designer ken russell and director of photography freddie watts all travelled to japan , spending several months looking for him . japan ’ the sea island location was converted to an active base after the producers learned that the japanese did not build cities on the sea . the crew was due to fly to the uk on a boac boeing 707 , ( boac flight 911 ) on 31 march 1966 , but delayed after being told they had a chance to film a ninja demonstration . that aircraft crashed ten minutes after takeoff , killing everyone on board . in japan , the producers first met gilbert , who decided to go on holiday after having his offer to direct declined . gilbert was asked to direct the second film for you only live twice and accepted the offer . unlike the other bond films about exotic locations around the world , almost the entire film is set in one location and fifteen minutes are devoted to an actual japanese city . this was in keeping with fleming ' s original novel , which had devoted a number of pages to the study of japanese culture . toho had provided soundstages , sets , and the two lead characters to the film . = = = = = = = the producers had harold jay bloom travel to japan with them to write the script . bloom ' s script was initially rejected , but since many of his ideas were used in the first film , he was given the role of " the source material " . among the changes were the ending with bond ' s apparent death and burial at sea , and the ninja demonstration . since the screenwriter of the previous bond film richard maibaum was unavailable , roald dahl , a close friend of ian fleming , was hired to write the adaptation , having had previous experience writing a script specifically for the novel the bells of the north - @ - @ .@ - @ a @ - @ - @ - @ a . ling said that the original story was " ian fleming ’ ##s last novel , with no character in it which would ever make a difference " , and compared it to a movie , and that he decided to write a new story " [ because ] i could use another four or five of the original story ' s characters . " when writing the script , dahl said he " didn ' t know what the hell i was going to do " , wanted to finish the first draft in two weeks , and wanted to write a new story similar to dr . no . he was writing a different take on his novel , except for the character of bond and " the third bond " , with three women for him to meet : an assassin and a henchwoman who eventually get married , and the titular bond girl . since the plot involved a character from the novel , kissy suzuki , they decided to cast aki and helga bond to play the role . gilbert was very pleased with dahl ' s script , and the director said : " he not only helped with the script , he had some great ideas and he left you alone , and when you did the right thing , he loved it . sometimes people have such an ego that they have to take time and put their own ideas together , and it ' s very funny . what i loved so much about lewis gilbert was that he just took the script and shot it . that ' s the way to work : you either trust your instincts or you don ' t . " = = = = = = = when the time came to make you only shoot once , the producers were faced with the problem of a replacement actor . sean connery later stated that he was tired of playing james bond and tired of the extra work ( time spent developing and casting the character ) , along with finding it difficult to find suitable actors , which would eventually lead to auditions . saltzman and gilbert were able to help connery by noticing his enthusiasm for the role , and teamed up to look for a replacement . david werich was eventually chosen by producer harry saltzman to play blofeld . upon his arrival on the pinewood set , both producer louis b . mayer and director lewis gilbert felt that he was a good actor , playing a " friendly , friendly santa claus " . so , in an effort to make the transition easier , they began rehearsals . after three days , both gilbert and mayer determined thatwerich thought it good enough , and replaced blofeld with donald pleasence in the role . pleasence ' s ideas for blofeld ' s face included a mustache , a mustache , a beard , and a broken nose , and he decided on the mustache . he found it funny , however , because of the hair that stuck out to his face . two american actresses were considered for helga , and italian actress eva renzi who took over the role , with german actress karin dor being considered . dor performed the act of jumping into the water to prevent helga ' s drowning herself , without the use of a gun . however , for the american actress dor was played by someone else . universal studios hired tetsuro tamba after working with him on the new faces . a number of japanese martial arts students were trained for the film . the various japanese ninja characters were required to learn , according to some of the actors cast in broken nose . akiko wakabayashi and mie hama were also cast and were given acting lessons in the studio . hama , originally cast in the role of tanaka ' s wife , had problems with the script , and the studio replaced her role with wakabayashi , who had been cast in kissy , a role with much japanese dialogue . wakabayashi later requested that her japanese name , " suki " , be changed to " aki " . = = = = = = = filming of you must die ! occurred from december 1966 to january 1967 . the film was shot entirely in japan . himeji station in hyogo was used as tanaka ' s ninja training facility . his main escape route was located at the tokyo metro ' s nakano @ - @ shimbashi station . as of 2011 , some of the scenes of the train are missing from the archive of filming . the hotel in otani also served as the headquarters for osato , and the hotel ' s grounds were used for much of the ninja training . bonotsu in kagoshima served as the japanese harbour , the edo river was used for the river , and the shinmoe @ - @ dake in tokyo was used for the location of tanaka ' s headquarters . large crowds were gathered in tokyo to watch the filming . a japanese man was chasing sean connery with a gun , and the police were called several times to prevent it during filming . the film featured tokyo @ - @ 116 character " big nellie " was included . ken tanaka , a japanesealong with the pilot , raf wing commander barnes wallis . the nellie was named after music hall singer nellie mckay , who had a similar name to the inventor . wallis flew his aircraft , which was filmed with several take @ - @ off ##s by john stears ' special effects team , during filming . " nellie ' s " encounter with bond proved to be difficult to film . the scenes were mostly filmed in miyazaki , along with parts of the gyrocopter , with more than 100 take @ - @ shots , many hours of shooting and wallis himself flying into the air several times . the crew filming the helicopter from japan made a huge mess and actor jeremy brett ' s head was crushed by the helicopter ' s propeller . the aerial scenes involved climbing , which the japanese government would not allow in a national park . eventually , the crew flew to torremolinos , spain , which was chosen to suit the japanese climate . the exterior of bond ' s submarine base was built on a site near pinewood studios , with a budget of $ 1 million and included a bridge and hangar . the 45 metres ( 148 ft ) high structure could be seen from 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) away , and drew many cheers from the audience . filming in japan included filming the royal navy frigate hms tenby , based in portsmouth , for the naval battle , hong kong for the scene where bond meets his father , and moscow for the soviet military installation . sean connery ' s first wife diane cilento directed the fight scenes for at least three japanese actresses , including mie hama . martial arts instructor donn j . draeger did martial arts training , and also worked for connery . lewis carroll ' s film editor , thelma connell , was initially hired to edit the film . however , after her first , nearly complete @ - @ hour edit received a negative response from test audiences , robert j . hunt was hired to help @ - @ edit the film . hunt ' s edit was a much greater success , and he was given the editor ' s credit in the final cut as a result . = = = = = = = the film was the first of the films to be scored by john barry . barry sought to combine the " spirit of the american west " with jazz and @ - @ hour music . the title song , " you only live twice " , was written by barry and lyricist leslie bricusse and sung by nancy sinatra . her husband frank sinatra appeared on the film . frank sinatra was alsoto be less nervous when she – , she had to leave the studio ; later she had to just " sound like minnie mouse " . barry claims that the title song had slightly different lyrics . british singer julie rogers wrote an original song for the film , but this was not released . there are two versions of the song " you only live twice " , one by nancy sinatra , taken directly from the film soundtrack , and a second version for record release recorded by billy preston . the original title song was widely praised for its lush piano sound and jazz influence , and was much more popular on radio . the record release reached no . 3 on the billboard 200 in the us , no . 2 in canada . both versions of the title song are available on cd . in 1992 , acen sampled the bond song " you only live twice " for his song " fly to the moon part 2 " . in 1997 , swedish singer bjork recorded a cover version . in 1998 , robbie williams used the same bass ##line for his song " hero " , ( although it was actually @ - @ - , rather than taken from the film for unknown reasons ) . coldplay covered it when they reunited in 2001 , and it was covered by natacha atlas for her 2005 compilation album the best of natacha atlas . shirley bassey , who has four james bond films to her credit , has also covered the song . a second title song was also recorded by julie rogers , but was rejected . only two lines from that song were used in the song itself , and the song arrangement was altered to suit nancy sinatra ' s vocal range . rogers ' version later appeared on the james bond 25th anniversary special , with no lyrics involved . in the 1990s , an early version of the second title song ( also called " you only live twice " and sung by carol chandler ) was discovered in the archives of rca records . it became a very popular song with fans of the british soul genre ( chandler was best known for her two @ - @ quality uk albums on rca ) and can be found on several rca records compilations . = = = = = to promote the film , granada television produced a special @ - @ quality british television programme called welcome to london , mr . bond which aired on 1 october 1967 in the united states on nbc . granada actors lois maxwell and desmond llewelyn were playing as " miss moneypenny " and " bond " . kate o ' brien appeared as miss moneypenny ' s mother . the programme featured clips from you only live twice and the film fourthe royal family . and with the exception of moneypenny trying to discover the identity of bond ' s father . = = bond and release = = you only live twice premiered at the odeon leicester square in london . it was the first screening of a james bond film that queen elizabeth ii attended . the film grossed $ 40 million in the united kingdom and over $ 111 million worldwide . critical reception overall was generally positive , with rotten tomatoes reporting a 100 % rating . however some critics pointed out serious flaws in the film . james berardinelli wrote that the first half was fun , but " during the second half , when the plot goes beyond the point of preposterousness , that the film begins to fail " , criticizing blofeld ' s performance and saying " sequences that blow the bombs are a bit too long . " roger ebert criticized the emphasis on action , saying that the james bond formula " fails to work its magic " . pierce brosnan in his book james bond and the movies compared the film to an episode of dynasty with its emphasis on technology but said it lacked action and character . christopher nolan called the film one of james bond ' s most ambitious films , calling the film " ambitious and highly ambitious " . david barclay of bbc news described bond ' s adventure as " a whole new level of adventure and adventure . " david gregory described the opening sequence as " the most ambitious of peter jackson ' s scripts for the series . " danny boyle wrote that you only live twice " should have been about 30 minutes long " and described it as " not a bad bond film , but it doesn ’ t compare to its predecessor – the script has gotten a bit rusty . " ign ranked you only live twice as the fourth best bond film , and entertainment weekly as the fifth worst , saying that it " takes the film to the very brink of disaster " . critic steve wilner of msn ranked it as the sixth worst , criticizing the direction , acting , and limited screentime for blofeld . film critic dave marsh called the film one of the most derivative of the series and praised the character of kagoshima for having " a great deal " of japanese blood in the film , but also criticized the appearance of blofeld as a " - @ - @ - " , " fat , lazy and a permanent loser . " michael phillips wrote that the film was " perfect " for fans of the series .