= = = = the frank slide was a landslide that destroyed part of the ghost town of frank , alberta , canada . the province of alberta was not created until september 1905 , more than 100 years after the slide . the town was still part of the northwest territories when the slide occurred at 10 : 00 am on september 10 , 1903 . over 190 million pounds ( 85 million kg ) of molten rock slid down turtle mountain within 30 minutes , destroying the western part of town , the canadian pacific railway , and the local mine . it was one of the largest disasters in canadian history and possibly the largest , with between 80 and 100 of the town ' s residents being killed , many of whom were buried under the rubble . several factors contributed to the slide : the mountain ' s instability placed it in a constant state of instability . subsequent mining operations may have weakened the mountain ' s rock structure , as did the hot summer and high temperatures on the day of the slide . the damage was repaired within two days and the town was quickly rebuilt . the part of town closest to the slide was rebuilt in 1911 amid fears that another slide was coming . the town ' s population nearly doubled its pre @ - @ 1901 size in 1906 , but declined after the mine shut down in 1917 . the town is now part of the town of crowsnest pass in the province of saskatchewan and has a population of 600 . the site of the slide , which remains largely unchanged since the slide , is now a popular tourist destination . it has been designated a national historic site of canada and is home to an arts center that attracts over 1 @ , @ 000 visitors annually . = = = = = the town of frank was located in the western part of the province of alberta , a part of the northwest territories in 1901 . the site was located at the base of turtle mountain in the crowsnest pass , where coal had been discovered a year earlier . it was named after frank frank who , along with john gebo , founded the first @ - @ 1901 coal and coke company , which operated the mine that the town was built to serve . the miners celebrated the opening of the town on september 10 , 1901 , with a grand celebration that included speeches from community leaders , sporting events , a parade and tour of the town and a pageant for the town . the canadian pacific railway ( cp ) operated special trains that brought in 1 @ , @ 000 people from surrounding communities to witness the event . by october 1903 , the town population had reached 600 , and the townand a 1 @ - @ elementary school and two churches . turtle mountain is just east of frank . it consists of an older limestone that builds up on top of younger rock such as shale and sandstone . this had left the mountain with a steep slope of new rock formation . this had long been feared ; the cree and kutenai peoples called it " the mountain that rocks " and began to settle in the vicinity . in the days leading up to the disaster , miners often felt vibrations from within the mountain , and the vibrations caused by the loose rock had caused the walls of the mine shaft to shift and collapse . = = = = = in the early morning hours of august 29 , 1903 , a freight train came out of the tunnel and was slowly making its way towards the townsite when the engineer heard a rumbling sound behind them . the engineer then pushed the train to full speed , and pulled his passengers to safety on the bridge over the crowsnest river . at 1 : 00 am , 4 million cubic metres ( 14 million lb ) of loose rock broke through the side of the mountain . the crack that formed was 1 @ , @ 000 metres ( 1 @ , @ 330 ft ) wide , 425 metres ( 1 @ , @ 394 ft ) high and 150 metres ( 490 ft ) long . witnesses to the collapse claimed it took about 20 minutes for the crack to open on the other side , and the piece of rock moved at a speed of about 112 kilometres per hour ( 70 mph ) . the noise was heard as far away as cochrane , about 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) east of winnipeg . newspaper reports of the disaster stated that miners had been " nearly wiped out " by the mountain ' s eruption . it is believed the collapse was caused by an earthquake , volcanic eruption or fire in the area . the majority of the miners survived , but the avalanche affected residents on the eastern side of frank . many homes were destroyed , as were several churches , the cemetery , a 1 @ - @ elementary ( 1 @ . @ 1 mi ) section of road and railroad tracks , and most of the town ' s buildings . about 100 people died in the area of destruction , located between the cpr tracks and the mine . the death toll is unknown ; estimates vary between 50 and 100 . it is the largest landslide in canadian history and was the largest until the great landslide of 1965 . it is believed that the toll may have been higher , since as many as 200 people had been killed at the base of the mountain while searching formarie . some people believed that they had entered la ##ville through the slide , but there is no way to be sure . most of the victims were entombed below the surface ; only two bodies were found in the immediate aftermath . the remains of three additional men were discovered in 1924 by workers building a new mine in the area . initial news reports indicated that between 50 and 60 people lived within the mine and had been evacuated with no sign of survivors . in total , there were 20 miners working the night shift at the time of the slide . five had worked in the mine and were killed by the slide . the remaining 15 remained inside . they discovered that the entrance was blocked and water from the mine , which had been diverted by the slide , was coming in via a narrow tunnel . they unsuccessfully tried to force their way through the tunnel , before a miner said he knew of a seam of rock that broke the surface . using a narrow tunnel of fours and threes , they dug through the hole for hours until the rock around them became too thick . the three men barely had enough energy to continue digging when they broke through to the surface late in the night . the hole was too deep to escape from due to falling rocks from above . encouraged by their success , the miners dug a new tunnel that led through to an area of rock that protected them from falling rocks . several days after they were discovered , another three men emerged from the hole . the miners discovered that the number of houses that served as their homes had been destroyed and members of their families killed , apparently at random . one found his family alive and well in a rock shelter , while another emerged to find his wife and two children had survived . - @ - @ - @ - @ - lillian smith , working the night shift that night in the mine ' s main house , had been given permission to stay overnight for the first time . she was the only member of her family to survive . her father was working in the mine when the slide occurred , and her mother and two siblings were living in their home . all the people living in the mine construction camp were killed , and 128 people who were supposed to come into the mine the day of the slide had already left — the train that was supposed to take them north from morrissey , british columbia , arrived to pick them up . the pacific pacific , a passenger train heading south from lethbridge , was stopped by the brakeman sid choquette , one of the men who ran through the rock @ - @ the rock to warnthe train that the day had been buried under the mountain . despite falling rocks and a dust cloud that limited his vision , choquette ran for 3 kilometres ( 1 @ . @ 2 mi ) to warn the approaching train of the slide . the locomotive gave him a letter of apology and a $ 100 reward in recognition of his efforts . = = = = = = = = on april 30 a special train from fort macleod arrived with police officers and engineers . premier william haultain arrived at the crash site on may 8 , where he met with engineers and further investigated the collapse of the mountain . although new cracks had formed in the mountain , they concluded there was no serious damage to the town ; the railway ' s chief engineer was convinced that it was in imminent danger from the slide . siding with the engineer , haultain ordered the town evacuated , and the geological survey of canada ( gsc ) sent two of their own men to investigate further . they determined that the slide had created no new cracks in the mountain and that the nearby mine , not the town , was not in immediate danger of collapse . as a result , the evacuation order was lifted on may 9 and frank ' s train returned . the - @ - @ - end police , assisted by officers who came from cranbrook , edmonton and calgary , took overall control of the town and ensured that no signs of collapse occurred during the investigation . rebuilding the canadian pacific railway line was of paramount importance . about 2 kilometres ( 1 @ . @ 1 mi ) of the main line had been buried by the slide , along with part of the branch line . the police had the line inspected and repaired within two days . intent on rebuilding the line , they opened access to the nearby mine shaft on may 10 . to their surprise , they discovered that charlie the horse , one of those who worked in the mine , had survived for over a year straight . the horse had survived by eating the bark of the tree , and by drinking from springs of water . the horse survived when his owner fed him wild corn and beans . the town ' s population not only recovered but grew ; the 1906 census of the town population estimated the population at 1 @ , @ 178 . a subsequent census commissioned by the canadian government found that the cracks in the mountain continued to grow and that the possibility of further collapse existed . consequently , residents of town exposed to the slide were evacuated and moved to other locations . = = = = = several factors contributed to the 1906 crash .a study conducted by the gsc shortly after the slide concluded that the likely cause was the mountain ' s unstable anticline structure ; a layer of limestone formed on top of the rock that , after years of erosion , resulted in a re @ - @ steep , steep slope . cracks marked the north side of the mountain and these cracks caused water to flow into the mountain ' s core . the indigenous peoples of the region , the cree and ktunaxa , had oral traditions referring to the mountain as " the mountain that rocks . " they said the mountain had become increasingly unstable in the months preceding the slide ; they noted small earthquakes and the engineers noted a " general crack " in the rock at elevations of 1 @ , @ 180 metres ( 2 @ , @ 600 ft ) and 1 @ , @ 300 metres ( 4 @ , @ 900 ft ) . they concluded that water leaked from the crack ; it was believed to have completely buried itself . an unusually cold winter , with cold days and cold nights , was also a factor . water in the mountain ' s core froze and froze over , further weakening the mountain ' s structure . heavy snowfall in the area in march was followed by a hot summer , causing the surrounding limestone to melt into the rock . gsc scientists believe that the events of that summer likely triggered the slide . the driver of the wagon train that arrived at frank shortly after the slide said it was the worst day of the year , with the temperature dropping to − ##18 ° c ( 64 ° f ) . they believed that the cold weather and heavy snowfall resulted in opening of the cracks , causing the limestone to break off and flow down the mountain . while the gsc concluded that limestone had contributed to the slide , the mine ' s engineers disagreed . their report concluded that the miners bore no fault . their report indicated that the mountain had been at a state of " stability " ; even a small tremor such as that caused by the crack ' s opening would have to cause the slide . the mine was eventually closed @ - @ ##ved , even though limestone continued to flow down the mountain . coal production at frank ceased in 1910 , and the mine was permanently closed until 1917 when it was exhausted . the closure created two new peaks on the mountain ; the south peak at 2 @ , @ 200 metres ( 4 @ , @ 660 ft ) , and the north peak 1 @ , @ 300 metres ( 4 @ , @ 900 ft ) . scientists believe that thethis is possible , but not likely . the red mountain is probably the most likely to slide ; it would probably be a mountain about a @ - @ third the height of the 1903 slide . the mountain , regularly monitored for changes in elevation , has been photographed on numerous occasions . the canadian geological survey developed the @ @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ of monitoring system used by scientists around the world . over 100 gas lamps have been installed on the slopes of the mountain to provide an early warning system for local residents in case of a slide . scientists have speculated on what caused the avalanche debris to move the way it did . the " air cushion " hypothesis , an alternative hypothesis , suggests that a cushion of air was placed between the mass of debris and the mountain , which caused the debris to move a greater amount than would otherwise be possible . " air fluidization " is another hypothesis , which suggests that large amounts of air create an energy that creates friction and causes the debris to flow down the mountain as if it were a river . this coined the term " river flow " to describe the 1903 slide . = = = = = many legends and myths were created in the aftermath of the slide . the entire town of frank was believed to have been saved , but much of the town itself was destroyed . the legend that a branch of the union bank of canada had been robbed with as much as $ 1 @ , @ 000 persisted for many years . the bank — destroyed by the slide — remained in the same location until it was destroyed in 1911 , after which the union bank legend began . workers digging a gravel road in the area in 1924 proceeded without police escort . it was believed they could find the supposedly buried bank . many people , telling their stories to those who would listen , wrote themselves off as the " sole survivors " of the aftermath of the slide . the most famous folk tale was that of an orphan , said to have been the sole survivor of the slide . her real name unknown , the story was called " frankie ann " . many stories were told of her own survival : she was found under a pile of hay , lying on it , under the collapsed roof of her house , in the arms of her dying mother . the story was based loosely on the story of marion leitch , who was thrown from her car into a pile of hay when the avalanche hit her house . her parents both died ; they were found dead under a collapsed roof nearby . her father and two brothers died . in thethis is the story of year @ - @ year @ - @ resident gladys ennis , who was found at her home in the slide . the last survivor of the slide , she died in 1995 . in all , five people in the crew of the slide died , in addition to the three men who emerged from the hole on the slide . a song by frank mccurdy , the ballad of frankie , was popular in parts of alberta in the 1950s . the slide has been the subject of several songs , including " how the slide came down " by stompin ' tom brown , and more recently , " hello , frank " by the band the native . the frank slide has been the subject of several books , both historical and contemporary . = = = = = thousands people came to the site of the slide on the anniversary of the disaster . it has become a popular tourist attraction , in part due to its proximity to the crowsnest river . the town built a large hotel in 1941 to accommodate the visitors . local residents successfully campaigned to have the slide designated as a national historic site in 1958 . it was later designated a provincial historic site of canada . the provincial government designated the area as a special economic area in 1976 , which encouraged development of the area . in 1978 , a commemorative plaque was unveiled . the frank slide visitor centre , a view of the slide , was opened in 1985 . the park and visitor centre showcases the frank slide and the area ' s coal mining history . the slide receives about 1 @ , @ 000 tourist visits annually . although it recovered from the disaster and reached its peak population of 1 @ , @ 000 shortly thereafter , the closure of the slide resulted in a sharp decline in population . it ceased to be an independent municipality in 1979 when it was amalgamated into the town of crowsnest , along with the neighbouring communities of blairmore , coleman , hillcrest and bellevue . it is now home to about 500 residents .