= pattycake ( child ) = pattycake , also known as patty ##cake ( september 3 , 1972 – february 5 , 2013 ) was a female western lowland gorilla ( or gorilla baby ) born to lulu and richard at the central park zoo in new york city . she was the first female gorilla ever bred in captivity in new york . shortly after her much earlier birth , pattycake ' s chain was broken when she got stuck in her cage and her mother took her away from her father . the incident was often portrayed in the media as a domestic dispute between lulu and richard , but in reality many believed it was a freak accident . her mother was kept at the bronx zoo while a domestic dispute between the two children broke out in 1971 and generated a number of reactions from people who believed pattycake should be returned to her mother . the media attention and public reaction brought pattycake to the attention of a wider audience , with attention focused on her recovery , her upcoming reunion with her father , and the conditions of patty ##s in the wild . an ambitious plan for rebuilding the central park zoo began in the wake of the incident as the zoo experienced high growth rates . pattycake became the " gorilla queen " of new york city in the early 1980s , and her fame was compared to shirley temple . at a time when new york city was facing financial problems , she distracted the animals from their own problems and became a familiar sight for new yorkers and their neighbors who came to see her . after spending the first decade of her life at the central park zoo , pattycake moved back to the bronx zoo in 1982 . she was the mother of three baby gorilla , including one born in 1995 . pattycake spent her entire life as an eccentric and successful gorilla matriarch at the bronx zoo ' s gorilla national forest exhibit . after suffering from respiratory and heart problems for some time , pattycake succumbed to heart failure in 2013 . = = = = = " pattycake " was born on september 3 , 1972 , to western lowland gorilla parents lulu and richard at the central park zoo . lulu and richard first met at the zoo on october 1 , 1966 . at the time , it was thought that lulu wasn ' t mature enough to adopt , but when lulu gave birth to pattycake at the age of three , it came as no surprise . up until the time lulu gave birth , it had been very difficult to find young gorilla mothers to raise their children with , because the children would not berejected by the public , they would be taken away by the police . pattycake was the first gorilla ever bred in captivity in new york . at the time of her birth , it was unknown if she was a male or female , as it was considered too dangerous to protect her and her baby . her parents assumed she was a male and they named her " little jim " . when it was discovered that pattycake was a female , a contest was held by the new york daily news to choose her own name . " patty ##cake " , the winning name , was submitted to new york mayor john o ' connor , who named the child after his wife and their newborn baby . " it just so happens that we have two children and i told my wife that if we could have a girl , we should call her patty , which happened to be her name . we thought we ' d let the baby girl have the name in the meantime , " o ' connor told reporters . pattycake ' s birth caught the attention of the media and drew tens of thousands of new yorkers to the central park zoo . historian a . j . kleinfield called her a child prodigy whose " youthful appearance served as a bit of a novelty at a time when the zoo found itself faced with rising crime rates and an impending financial crisis . " six months after pattycake was born , the staff of the zoo estimated that depending on the source , she would have an estimated 100 @ , @ 000 visitors by the time of her first birthday . = = = = = = at the age of six months , pattycake began sharing the same cage with lulu and louie at the central park zoo . on september 9 , 1973 , an incident occurred that was attributed more to neglect than to official duties . although no one was on hand to report it to , or to police , as when pattycake was reaching out to her mother through the bars of her cage , her left arm was injured , when her mother suddenly pushed her away , breaking her right arm . the staff had to hit her with a machine gun to restrain pattycake and protect her properly . while many considered the incident an accident , the media sensationalized the incident . zookeeper john smith , who worked with patty ##cake , said that the media " would have liked to call it a real big fight — a fight between lulu and louie for the custody of the baby . it was nothing like that . it was a horrible mess . it happened in a piece ofthe one cage , was in it , and between them was a set of narrow bars . lulu put patty ##cake in her cage and when patty reached out through the narrow bars to touch her father , he gently pulled her out . but lulu ' s arm got caught in the narrow bars and broke . it was a freak accident . no one had known that those bars were narrow enough to hold that small child . pattycake was taken to new york medical center for treatment and she was given a brace for her arm . due to fears that doctors would refuse to remove pattycake ' s arm , she was separated from her mother and taken to the bronx zoo for treatment . pattycake was examined by doctor emil dolensek who later covered her arm with a cast . after further examination , the doctors determined that pattycake had heart problems and that she was pregnant . they also determined that as a result of the accident , patty wasn ' t healthy as a child . a legal battle ensued between the two women , with the bronx zoo arguing that she would be better cared for in their care . time magazine wrote that it was the " biggest battle of the century " in the " gorilla world " , comparing patty ##cake ' s success and failure to that of movie star shirley temple . the biologist ronald nadler of the us national primate research institute was brought in to resolve the dispute and wrote a report that recommended returning pattycake to her mother and the central park zoo . in his report nadler stated that " the argument was based on the fact that an adult gorilla is more likely to develop into a physically fit and reproductively successful individual if it is placed in the care of its parents as opposed to being raised with a group of animals . " after several months recovering from her injuries , pattycake was returned to her mother on december 1 , 1973 . the entire incident was described by author susan smith in her book the gorilla : the story of patty ##cake ( 1978 ) . = = central park zoo . = = in the 1970s , animal rights activists began to express their growing dissatisfaction with the treatment of the animals and the conditions of their cages at the central park zoo , the largest zoo in the u . s . the humane society of the united states , the friends of the zoo , and the center for animal welfare criticized the @ @ - @ and conditions of the cages and called for action . the new york humane society , which was responsible for creating the cage program at the bronx zoo , also calledboth for donations and for pattycake to be moved to another zoo . a relocation plan for the central park zoo was announced in 1981 , with efforts underway to move the animals to other cages at other parks . the new york times reported that " the presence of these animals in public spaces has long disturbed animal lovers . " when the zoo was temporarily closed for renovations in 1982 , pattycake was moved to the bronx zoo . = = bronx zoo = = pattycake moved back to the bronx zoo on january 1 , 1982 . for a few years , she lived in a cage with barney , another gorilla . in january 1999 , pattycake moved into the wildlife conservation society ' s $ 10 million congo gorilla forest exhibit . the exhibit includes a congo gorilla forest viewing area that provides staff and visitors with a viewing area . a troop of gorilla inhabit the . @ . @ . viewing area , with a few animals in pattycake ' s cage each , including fubo , pattycake , tunko , triska , halima , fran , layla , kumi , suki , babatunde , barbara , and n ' domo . the general manager of the bronx zoo , john doherty , described pattycake as " isolated " with " no close friends " in the congo gorilla forest . " it may have something to do with the fact that she didn ' t live with her parents that long , and stayed with that family for a few years , " doherty said . = = parents and children = = pattycake gave birth to her first child , tumai , a male gorilla , on january 1 , 1985 . tumai was adopted by bendera . pattycake and bendera had a second baby on june 22 , 1986 , but he died shortly after birth . with barney , pattycake gave birth to three children : a female , paki , on september 22 , 1989 , followed by barney on june 22 , 1990 , and husani on june 22 , 1991 . paki gave birth to pattycake ' s first child , pendeka , in 1998 . in june 1991 , a male named timmy ( 1959 – 2011 ) was taken away from kate , his former wife at the bronx metroparks zoo , in the hopes of separating the gorilla and introducing his offspring into the lowland gorilla gene pool . this attempted separation led to protests from animal rights activists who expressed concern about the negative effects of the separation on the two animals . the department of animals and thegorilla conservation international sent timmy to the bronx zoo where she raised pattycake and the twins . on december 31 , 1993 , pattycake and timmy gave birth to okpara , a female gorilla . the pair later gave birth to twin boys , ngoma and tambo , on january 1 , 1994 . this was the first time a female gorilla had given birth to children in captivity . the twins were raised in a different zoo from their mother . after two years , ngoma and tambo , along with a male named dan , left for a zoo in california in january 2001 . on december 31 , 2001 , pattycake and zuri gave birth to dossi , a female . her ninth and final baby cub , a male , was born on january 8 , 2002 . however , he died two years later . = = private collection = = robert , pattycake ' s husband , died in 1998 . in 2002 , the pattycake foundation was established to raise $ 250 @ , @ 000 to combat the trade of captive animals . the fundraising coincided with pattycake ' s 40th birthday , along with a $ @ - @ 000 celebration at the bronx zoo . a birthday cake was made for her from chocolate , vanilla , butter , and sugar . timmy , along with two other siblings , tunuka and paki , left the bronx zoo for the california zoo in january 2004 . pattycake tried her hand at painting , working with the wildlife conservation society ( wcs ) art education program at the bronx zoo . a piece of her work was featured in the 2010 wcs annual report . pattycake ' s sister carol died in december 2011 . pattycake suffered from chronic kidney disease and deteriorated as she aged . she was one of 338 living patty ##s in north america when she died in her sleep at the age of 90 . according to the wildlife conservation society , pattycake had the longest life span of 30 years for captive female gorilla . = = african heritage = = in honor of pattycake , the rev . john william kirkpatrick ( brother kirk ) recorded pete rock and the sesame street gospel choir for the song " the gorilla song " , featured on the album pete rock and brother kirk on sesame street ( 1974 ) . a picture book , patty ##cake ( 1974 ) , by new york city artist neal boenzi and others , was written by john brown . barbara wolf wrote gorilla baby : the story of patty ##cake ( 1974 ) , a picture book for children . author susan wolf wrote her autobiography , gorilla babydocumented the custody battle ( along with her husband ) in the book the divorce : the story of patty hearst ( 1978 ) .