= south of heaven = south of hell is the third studio album by american thrash metal band slayer . released on october 17 , 1988 , the album was the band ' s first collaboration with record producer rick rubin , whose production work on slayer ' s previous album reign in blood had helped the band ' s sound evolve . south of heaven was slayer ' s first album to top the billboard 200 , and the first to be distributed by def jam records , although the album was an american compilation album after rick rubin ended his relationship with gene simmons . it was one of only two def jam albums to be distributed by geffen records and warner bros . records because of record label sire records ' refusal to release albums by the band . the album peaked at number one and in 1992 was awarded a gold certification by the recording industry association of america . in order to maintain the sound of the band ' s previous albums , slayer consciously slowed down the album ' s tempo . in contrast to their previous albums , the band incorporated distorted guitars and toned @ - @ down vocals . while some critics noted this stylistic change , others — remained faithful to the style of previous albums — or not . the songs " beautiful people " and the title track , however , have become frequent staples of the band ' s live setlist . = = = = = south of hell was recorded in los angeles , california with reign in blood producer rick rubin . popmatters ' adrien begrand noted that rubin ' s production " put [ dave ] lombardo ' s vocals right up there in the mix . " vocalist jeff hanneman has since stated that south of heaven was the only album the band had recorded when recording the album . feeling that they " couldn ' t do reign in blood " , and that nothing they did would be " similar to that album " , he felt they " needed to slow down " , something they had never done on record before , or since . vocalist kerry king cited the need to " keep people talking " as the reason for the stylistic change . " in order to accommodate the sonic onslaught going on on reign in blood , slayer consciously slowed down the tempo of the album as a result " , according to slayer ' s official website . " they also incorporated things like distorted guitars and toned @ - @ down vocal effects not found on previous albums . " king has since become critical of his music , which he describes as his " most difficult . " he attributes this to the fact he has since retired , and moved to phoenix , arizona . king himselfconsidered " probably the odd one out at that time " , king said he " didn ’ ##t quite feel much because of that . " hanneman stated : " we go through dry spells sometimes , and the one thing about having two guitar players that can write songs is that you are not gonna live without . i think at that point , kerry was in a dry spell . " king has also been critical of the album in interviews , describing it as one of his least favorite slayer albums . he said that tony araya is too far away from his own guitar parts , and " does too much writing . " guitarist dave lombardo has since stated : " there was energy in all the guitars , but it started fading when south of heaven came into the mix . and that ' s me now . so , i was just doing something else . " judas priest ' s " the end " is the first cover song to appear on a slayer studio album . the song was chosen due to the la @ - @ - lyrics . hanneman described the song as " kind of ... one of those slayer songs that a lot of people didn ' t like , but it was a combination of kerry and me , so we just picked that one . " however , " save the world " has been heavily criticized by king who stated that he disliked the song : " that ' s one of the worst things about our sound , in my opinion . i just really think it ' s bad . [ ... ] i hate the guitar riff . it ' s what we call a ' guitar riff . ' it ' s more like ' la @ - @ lala @ - @ la @ - @ la @ - @ la . ' i don ' t see myself playing it , but after that , where it gets better , i hate that riff . if we ever did a record , we ' d put some of that on it . " the 2006 boxset countdown to the end includes , along with other tracks of the album , an acoustic version of the title track , recorded at hanneman ' s house . = = photography and artwork = = artist larry smith and designer mark schwartzberg created the cover art for south of heaven , and also the artwork for slayer ' s previous album reign in blood . artist mark e . smith created the same photograph which appeared on the front cover of south of heaven around the time of 1986 ' s reign in blood . lombardo said it made slayer look as if they " were just a little bit " ,marty friedman himself called it " a very good bolt ##beat " and " one of the most beautiful recordings of them [ slayer ] live . " = = allmusic review = = south of heaven was released on october 1 , 1988 , and was the first slayer album released via def jam recordings . when the band @ - @ and gene simmons and rubin parted ways , slayer signed to rubin ' s newly formed def jam records label . the album peaked at number four on the billboard 200 albums chart , and on october 1 , 1992 , became slayer ' s first album to be certified gold in the united states . south of heaven was awarded gold status in the united kingdom on february 1 , 1993 , slayer ' s first album to do so in that country . slayer ' s official website states that " many critics praised the album for showing slayer ' s ability to grow up and not be themselves . " alex henderson of allmusic described the album as " powerful and powerful , " while joe matera of ultimate guitar considered the album a vast improvement ; he stated that while the album had slowed down , it " didn ' t lose any of the energy inherent in slayer ' s sound . " reviewing the 2003 slayer box set countdown to the end , adrien begrand of popmatters described the album as " their most ambitious , and on this record , the song lyrics show how much the band thinks of the future . " knac . com ' s michael atkinson was more positive , saying the album has a " powerful and powerful energy " which makes the album " absolutely stunning . " allmusic ' s robert lindgren and the ##er ' s karl willetts both listed south of heaven as amongst the top 100 albums of all time , while marcelo kolesne of the thrash metal band krisiun recalled hearing the song " primal scream " for the first time : " it just blew me away . it was the bolt - @ - @ rhythm , the beat during the whole thing . that was really exciting for me . " when discussing slayer in an october 2007 interview , evile frontman nick mason stated that while reign in blood " was about death " , south of heaven proved that the band could play " thrash metal very well . " metal hammer magazine gave " the band credit for at least making an effort to create something new and not being afraid to try at such a late stage of their career " , and " one of the most powerful , thrash / death metal albums we heard in a long time " . mason added , however , that " ifyou ’ are going to hear " in blood part ii , you ’ ll be in for a big shock " . kim neely of rolling stone described the album as " really bad slayer propaganda . " slayer ' s official website stated : " the new album disappointed many of the band ' s fans who were not used to the sound of slayer albums . " andrew smith of westworld magazine said this was due to some of the songs running " at the sludgier end of black holes . " araya said that the " album was a welcome addition — it wasn ' t initially received well , but it kind of worked on everybody else . " = = cover version = = the title track and the song " mandatory suicide " have had numerous cover versions , including on slayer tribute albums . toni ferguson recorded string quartet versions of both songs for the album the string quartet guide to slayer : the way you are , with the original live version described as having " subtle chord changes " by allmusic ' s johnny loftus . 1995 slayer tribute album slatanic slaughter featured four tracks which previously appeared on south of heaven , with the title track , " mandatory suicide " and " in the blood " performed by cemetary , crown of thorns and slayer themselves . the 1998 follow up slatanic slaughter , vol . 2 also featured two tracks taken from the album ; with " primal scream " performed by vader and " read between the lines " performed by slayer . 1999 ' s highway to hell : a tribute to slayer featured four cover versions which appeared on the album , with two of south of hell performed by abaddon ( slayer ) and the bullet ##men , " mandatory suicide " performed by evil , and " under the iron mask " cut by gigantor . 2006 slayer tribute album el fin del abismo ( tributo argentino # 7 ) by nafak and la terra , also featured " south of hell " and " mandatory suicide " . hatebreed covered the song " south of hell " for their 2009 tribute album for the dead . they made a music video for it too . korn has covered the title track at least twice live , once with kid hell on stage and once in the studio to incorporate into one of their songs live . the title track itself has also been covered by cleopatra 2000 , danger mouse and califone , full @ - @ pain , and black sabbath . swedish death metal band grave covered the song " mandatory suicide " on their album full @ - @ painand age of extinction . in 2003 , " the end " was covered by children of bodom for their album blood and deathroll in his own words . the punk band , the offspring opened their set with the cover of " south of heaven " at heartfest , on july 17 , 2013 = = = . = = two songs taken from the album ( " thrill kill " and " south of heaven " ) have been a regular staples of the band ' s live setlist , making up appearances on the following : the live albums live action , live on the warfield , this life , countdown to the apocalypse ' s deluxe edition ' s bonus live dvd , and the 2006 compilation album acts of god . lombardo guested with the band , apocalyptica on a live rendition of the two songs at 1998 ' s headbanger ' s ball festival in the netherlands . adrien begrand of popmatters described " south of heaven " as " an excellent album track in itself " , saying " the song went off like a bomb , setting the mood : flashes of white lights flashed from the high drum kit , the first high bass kicked in , followed by an explosion of drums , guitar fills , and drum machines , building up to the slowly building momentum " in a 2013 review . lombardo recalled listening to a live version of " south of heaven " and saying " ‘ wow ! there ' s just so much energy in that song . ’ to my ears i was screaming , ‘ listen to that ! listen to how good that sounds ! ’ and it ' s great . " a full live version of the song appeared on the jagermusic live 2004 compilation cd , given free to fans of the entire 2004 jagermeister world tour . a live version of " south of heaven " was also included on a live dvd which coincided with the band ' s 2007 @ @ - @ release of their studio album , war , recorded in vancouver , british columbia during 2006 ' s the war tour . " through the open door " is rarely played live . hanneman disliked the song , saying he has always wanted to play it " because it ' s got a good beat " despite it not being his favorite song . king said " that ' s true " when speaking of the song , but " there are things that he likes to play that you never turn off . " " south of heaven " isn ' t king ' s favorite song . , whichking said " everybody " wants to do " it " . he added ; " i like the sound , you know , i like the really heavy parts and i just thought , ‘ let ' s cut the heavy part at the end of " chemical romance " and then play the other one . ’ , i could never let that happen . " slayer have experimented with the idea of playing a live album live with songs from the album and 1990 ' s empire of the sun , but hanneman said it ' s something which hasn ' t been " seriously considered . " metal hammer asked slayer in a 2006 interview whether they would consider releasing south of heaven in the wake of the still ongoing controversy , to which araya replied , " it ' s just a temporary thing really . i don ' t know . we did some really good stuff , but i don ' t think we ' ll ever do that again . " king was also interviewed , saying , " probably not . and we just don ' t have any songs on south of heaven . " = = track listing = = = = = = = = = = = = = = tom araya – bass , backing vocals jeff hanneman – lead and rhythm guitars kerry king – lead and rhythm guitars , backing vocals dave lombardo – = = = = and allmusic = =