= hurricane lorenzo ( 2007 ) = hurricane lorenzo was a rapidly strengthening tropical cyclone that struck the mexican state of veracruz in late september 2007 . the sixth named storm and second hurricane of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season , lorenzo originated in the southwestern gulf of mexico from a tropical wave . after remaining for several days without development , the system began a general westward motion as its structure became more organized . within an 18 ‑ hour period , lorenzo ' s winds increased from 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) to 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) , and from a tropical storm to a hurricane . on september 23 lorenzo passed near tecolutla , veracruz , a day after hurricane hugo struck the same area , and it quickly dissipated over land . the most significantly affected state was veracruz , where damage totaled over $ 1 billion usd ( $ 100 million 2007 usd ) . most of this came from crop damage in the state ' s southwestern portion , although there were also reports of destroyed homes . in veracruz and in hidalgo , there were 123 @ , @ 320 people killed in 112 counties . overall there were two deaths in the country , one in veracruz and one in hidalgo . in the latter city , a family of four died in a hospital . = = calendar year = = the origins of hurricane lorenzo were from a tropical wave that exited the horn of africa on september 19 . after moving into the eastern atlantic ocean , lorenzo traversed parts of the caribbean sea before developing an area of convection on september 22 . the system developed a low pressure area on september 23 as the western end of the wave broke off and crossed the yucatan peninsula . initially , a hurricane hunters flight was dispatched to monitor the system , although the system became exposed over the southwestern gulf of mexico due to increased wind shear . eventually , the wind shear decreased , and early on september 24 , another hurricane hunters flight reported the development of a very low @ - @ - intensity . based on that analysis , along with the persistence of the system , the depression developed into tropical depression eleven about 190 mi ( 305 km ) southwest of veracruz , tamaulipas . upon formation , the depression became embedded within an area of weak steering currents , resulting in an eastward turn slightly to the northeast . during its formative stages , the depression executed a clockwise loop . as it did so , it moved into an area of relatively warm waters and low wind shear . the depression ' s circulation gradually organized , although the winds were slow to develop . an eye was established over the system ,and the depression intensified into tropical storm lorenzo at around 1200 utc on september 27 . at the time , lorenzo was located about 150 mi ( 240 km ) southeast of tuxpan , veracruz , moving generally westward under the influence of a subtropical ridge to the north . as it approached the coast , lorenzo gradually intensified further , and within 12 hours of attaining tropical storm status it intensified into a hurricane . hurricane lorenzo quickly developed a large eyewall , which was visible on radar and reached its peak winds ##peed of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) by 0000 utc on september 28 . the storm maintained deep and organized convection around the center , although the convection weakened slightly . lorenzo crossed the coast near tecolutla , veracruz at 0500 utc that day , with winds estimated at 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . upon making landfall , the storm quickly weakened to tropical depression status . progressing inland , the center became difficult to locate and the convection transitioned to rainbands along the coast . within 12 hours of moving ashore , the eye of lorenzo dissipated , effectively ending its existence as a tropical cyclone . = = watches and warnings = = = = shortly after landfall , the mexican government issued a tropical storm watch from palma sola to santa cruz , veracruz . about 12 hours before landfall , a tropical storm watch was put into effect from palma sola to cabo rojo , which in turn was upgraded to a hurricane warning six hours later . veracruz ' s civilian government also issued a " hurricane alert " for all of the state of veracruz . along the coast of veracruz , officials canceled several classes . officials opened 315 shelters in veracruz , along with one in ciudad hidalgo , which evacuated 10 @ , @ 164 people during the storm . the state of veracruz provided vehicles for residents to drive from their homes to the shelters . businesses in tecolutla , tuxpan and nautla were forced to close . lorenzo ' s remnants caused oil prices to rise due to its potential to increase oil production in the gulf of mexico . hurricane lorenzo made landfall in veracruz , the same region of east @ - @ in veracruz that hurricane hugo struck a day earlier . the storm also affected several coastal villages along the coast , where the winds knocked out power lines , leaving about 10 @ , @ 000 people without power . to prevent the spread of downed trees , officials cut off the power lines in several villages in southern veracruz . the winds also damaged the roofs of several houses in nautla . in addition to the strong winds , lorenzo produced heavy rainfall along the coast and further inland , peakingand 1 @ . @ 13 in ( 326 mm ) in el raudal , veracruz . the storm caused widespread flooding and damage that killed at least two people , with a total of two in veracruz alone . it also damaged portions of several highways . in some areas , floodwaters reached over 1 in ( 30 mm ) in total . the combination of winds and rainfall damaged 169 houses in veracruz , and in hidalgo , the san lorenzo river burst its banks and forced the evacuation of about 200 people . swollen rivers in veracruz forced about 100 @ , @ 000 people to leave their homes . along the cazones river , more than 50 @ , @ 000 homes were flooded , resulting in local volunteers arriving to assist in rescue . damage in veracruz was estimated at $ 1 billion usd ( $ 100 million 2007 usd ) , most of it from crop damage in the southern portion of the state . overall , the storm affected 123 @ , @ 320 municipalities in veracruz and hidalgo , prompting the declaration of a state of emergency for 112 municipalities . the government authorized the construction of 50 shelters for the affected areas . there were a total of seven shelters across the state , five of which in veracruz . for about two hours after the storm , several schools were closed . the federal government provided food , clothing , and other materials for the people directly affected in veracruz . following the storm , about 200 relief workers were deployed in veracruz to restore power to the affected areas .