= = battle of maryang san = the first battle of maryang san ( date – 1 april 1951 ) , also known as the first battle of maliangshan ( chinese : [UNK] 良 山 [UNK] 御 [UNK] ; pinyin : maliang ##shan fangyu zhan ) , was fought during the korean war between united nations ( un ) forces — the australian and british — and the chinese communist people ' s liberation army . the battle occurred during a un ground offensive against the i corps , codenamed operation typhoon . this offensive successfully pushed the chinese back from the imjin line to the korean border and routed most of the chinese forces after fierce fighting . the much larger battle of maryang san took place over a re @ - @ day period , and saw the 3rd battalion , royal australian regiment ( 3 rar ) attack a vastly superior chinese force from the strategically important kowang @ - @ san ( hill 355 ) and maryang san ( hill 317 ) positions , in conjunction with other units of the 2nd infantry division . using tactics previously used against the japanese in new guinea during the second world war , the australians took the advantage of the open terrain and attacked the chinese positions from all sides . they successfully repulsed several chinese attacks aimed at re @ - @ and maryang san , with both sides suffering heavy casualties . the chinese were eventually defeated by a chinese counterattack . however , with the re @ - @ talks over , these battles proved to be losses fought in the war of independence , which had lasted the previous six years . this was followed by a defensive war characterised by static warfare ( of the western front of 1915 – ) . a week later , the chinese in re @ - @ captured maryang san from the japanese during heavy fighting , and victory was declared re @ - @ assured . today , the battle is widely regarded as one of the un army ' s greatest victories during the war . = = = = = = = = = = = = = following general of the army douglas macarthur ' s appointment as re @ - @ - @ - @ command of un forces in korea , he was replaced by general matthew h . ridgway . however , on 1 april 1951 , general john van fleet succeeded ridgway as commander of the un eighth army and the united nations forces in korea . the un ground campaign during april and may 1951 ended in chinese defeat , and after two months of ground fighting in re @ - @ june and july , the war entered a new phase , with van fleet returning to the un. in august the kansas and missouri lines were captured , and a subsequent offensive in the west @ - @ central sector in late @ - @ august captured the high ground between the punchbowl and heartbreak ridge during the battle of bloody ridge . in september the offensive in this sector continued , capturing the major bunker complex south of heartbreak ridge , known as heartbreak ridge . meanwhile , the composition of the australian land forces fighting in korea as part of the united nations forces had undergone significant changes in the period between the battle of the imjin river and kapyong to early @ - @ august 1951 . 3 rar had been transferred from 28th australian infantry brigade to the 29th australian infantry brigade when that brigade departed for hong kong . however , after extensive negotiations with the governments of canada , britain , france , japan , new zealand and south korea , agreement had been reached to form an independent command with the aim of increasing the strategic value of their positions , as well as in the resolution of the tactical and logistical problems faced by the various allied forces . the 28th infantry division was formed on 1 august 1951 , with the brigade comprising the 1st canadian , 28th british , and 29th australian infantry brigades under the command of major general john cassels , and formed part of the australian corps . since its formation , the division had captured most of the west @ - @ central sector of the kansas line , approximately 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) south of the capital seoul . the 28th brigade comprised three infantry battalions — the 1st battalion , queen ' s own ulster rifles ( 1 kosb ) , 1st battalion , king ' s shropshire light infantry ( 1 ksli ) and the 1st battalion , royal australian infantry — under the command of brigadier john anderson . during this period 3 rar was commanded by lieutenant colonel francis hassett . late @ - @ fighting at kaesong during july and august led to a pause in the fighting and 3 rar undertook close support duties , helping to strengthen the defences of the kansas line south of the imjin river , as well as conducting reconnaissance patrols on the korean front . the australians also saw the increased fighting there as an opportunity to receive reinforcements . the battle culminated in a slow , and ultimately unsuccessful , allied advance 12 kilometres ( 7 @ . @ 7 mi ) south of the imjin to the kansas line , codenamed operation varsity , in october . = = = = = = = = australian corps = = = = = @ - @ september and early @ - @ october — , while supporting the advance against heartbreak ridge — , ##gdevised a plan for a major attack in the northern sector , known as operation commando , to begin 10 kilometres ( 6 @ . @ 6 mi ) west of the 38th parallel , with the objective of pushing chinese forces back and giving united nations forces some leverage in the peace negotiations then underway at panmunjom . operation commando was planned for beginning – in october 1951 and the us i corps commander , lieutenant general john j . o ' connor , devised a plan of attack in which three of the corps ' infantry divisions would advance on a wide front in conjunction with the 1st infantry division on the right flank of the advancing us i corps , forming a new defensive line known as the jamestown line . the divisions to be involved in the attack were the british commonwealth division , the 24th infantry division and the 9th south korean division . the 9th south korean division would remain in its original position on the left flank . in the area occupied by the 24th division , the chinese forces were pushed into a group of hills overlooking the imjin river . the division faced 2 @ , @ 000 men from the chinese 191st division , i corps under the overall command of xie zhengrong . the chinese troops were organized into three brigades of about 2 @ , @ 000 men each , with two regiments of @ - @ san in hastily prepared defensive positions with machine guns , and a third regiment in reserve . the 24th brigade faced one of the three chinese regiments — the 571st division — which was deployed with one battalion on hill 355 , a second battalion on hill 217 and hill 317 , and a third battalion in reserve to the north . the task assigned to the british commonwealth division was to take these positions with the objective of extending the line from the south bank of the imjin to a group of hills to the north , thus making an advance that was more than 10 kilometres ( 6 @ . @ 6 mi ) . the main objective of the attack would be the capture of kowang @ - @ san ( hill 355 ) and maryang san ( hill 317 ) and the task of taking these positions was assigned to the 24th british commonwealth brigade , with this brigade bearing the majority of the attack . cassels planned on attacking the jamestown line in three phases . during the first phase , scheduled for 3 october , the 24th brigade would attack hill 355 and the south @ - @ central sector . during the second phase , on 4 october , the 24th brigade would attack the northern hill 187 positions and the north @ - @ central sector up to the samichon river . then during the third phase ,scheduled for 15 july , the 25th brigade would capture hills 217 and 317 . as planned , the bulk of the division ' s forces would be concentrated on the right flank , to be held by the 28th brigade ; however , the 25th brigade would hold the left flank and the 28th brigade would be held in reserve , transferring a battalion to each of the two brigades as needed . kowang @ - @ san would be taken during the first phase by 1 kosb with 2 ksli and 1 rar in support , while maryang san would be taken during the second phase of the operation by 1 rar and the 1st battalion , royal australian regiment ( 1 rnf ) , which was under command from 25th brigade for the duration of operation compass . extensive reconnaissance and planning took place during the months prior to the start of the operation and he ordered the use of artillery support , air strikes and other means to reduce casualties , as well as the identification of weak points in the chinese positions . in direct support of the operation were 1st field regiment , royal new zealand artillery with four 6 @ . @ - @ - @ inch ( 114 mm ) 6 @ - @ inch field guns , in addition to divisional and corps artillery which had 6 @ . @ 45 @ - @ inch ( 76 mm ) guns , 25 @ - @ inch ( 76 mm ) guns and 6 @ - @ inch ( 6 @ . @ 5 in ) field guns ; in total more than 200 guns and ammunition . also in support were two australian light infantry battalions from the 1st battalion australian regiment . = = = = reconnaissance = = = for the final objective of capturing hill 317 , hassett examined the approaches from the hills and the ground . all previous attempts to capture maryang san by australian forces had been unsuccessful . however , using tactics previously used against the japanese in new guinea during the second world war of advancing along the crest of hills , he managed to gain the advantage of the high ground , while maintaining the cover provided by the hills and the ease of movement over the bukit @ - @ san , in order to attack the chinese positions from all sides . however , the chinese defenders at maryang san were also employing a newly developed tactic called the " rapid fire attack " , in which very small groups were deployed in the hills in order to surprise the chinese defenders , and the bulk of the chinese defenders would then withdraw before the australian forces could advance into their newly established positions . thus , during the first phase of the operation thethey would be tasked with holding the chinese position on hill 199 to allow artillery and heavy counter @ - @ fire to direct covering fire onto the northern and western slopes of hill 355 in case of an attack by the chinese from the 2 @ - @ position . meanwhile , the shropshires would advance and capture hill 208 . * however , two days before the start of operation varsity , the 25th brigade crossed the imjin river to move alongside the 25th brigade on 2 october . the next morning the 3 rar , with c company , and the battalion moved very quickly into their new positions , ready to attack the following day . a company moved to attack along 2 @ , @ 500 metres ( 1 @ , @ 600 yd ) in front of the chinese position , 2 @ - @ east of hill 355 . b company advanced 200 metres ( 220 yd ) to the east . during the attack a company was subjected to heavy fighting , with one man killed . d company — under the command of captain john hardiman — was attached to the brigade to strengthen the defensive position , and it would not be relieved until the morning of 3 october . = = = = = = = = battle of hill 199 , 2 october 1951 = = = at 03 : 00 on 2 october , c company 3 rar advanced along 2 @ , @ 000 metres ( 1 @ , @ 1000 yd ) toward hill 199 , crossing the river , under the cover of darkness and heavy rain . a company then moved north behind b company . artillery and mortar ##s attacked the chinese defensive positions with counter @ - @ - fire up to noon , before moving to support the australians in their attack on hill 355 . meanwhile , the shropshires began attacking hill 208 and with the support of c company , the royal australian regiment they captured the position without opposition at 06 : 00 . by 08 : 00 a company had secured the high ground to the north and then began to advance the short distance to get to the position which was quickly captured with two tanks ; two chinese were killed and two wounded . by 2 @ - @ day , both the shropshires and the chinese had successfully achieved their objectives . expecting a counter @ - @ attack , the chinese on hill 199 began digging @ - @ trenches , but no further attack occurred . a company then withdrew and landed in a position between b company and the chinese . c and d companies both began firing during the night , killing two chinese . at 08 : 00 a company — under captain jim shelton — took over the defence of hill 199 ,and d company moved into reserve with c company . according to reports a section of the tanks and a section of the 1 @ - @ tanks were also moved up onto hill 199 and began concentrating their fire onto the lower slopes of hill 355 in support of the assault . meanwhile , by 07 : 00 , after dealing with artillery and mortar fire , the main british assault force had begun to advance towards hill 355 . however , with the chinese expecting an attack from that direction , the main british assault encountered stiff resistance and the chinese were forced to withdraw and surrender . at 07 : 00 a relief force took the positions on the northern slope , and these positions were captured by nightfall . the advance was well behind schedule . however , the australians were still more than 1 @ , @ 000 yd ( 910 m ) short of their final objective , and with little resistance being encountered during the first day , hill 355 would probably not be captured until the morning of 5 october . the advance was further delayed by chinese positions on the southern slope of hill 355 — known as hill 220 — from which the chinese attacked the australian right flank in force . d company 3 rar would be assigned to lead the assault on kowang @ - @ san the following day , with the brigade tasked with attacking the chinese positions and capturing this position . heavy chinese artillery fire had also slowed progress with more than 1 @ , @ 200 guns fired into the 28th brigade area in the first 1 @ - @ 100 hours , although this effect was offset three times over by the amount of chinese artillery fire into the forward area , which included 2 @ , @ 324 guns . on the brigade ' s left flank , the situation also meant that the main attack scheduled for 06 : 00 the following day in the 28th brigade area would have to be delayed until 07 : 00 , due to the urgent need to concentrate the field artillery in support of the brigade . = = = capture of hill 220 and the capture of kowang @ - @ san , 4 october 1951 = = = on 5 october , d company 3 rar — under the command of lieutenant john gerke — attacked the mountain ridge leading south from the top of hill 355 , known as hill 220 . commencing their attack at 09 : 00 , the australians first attacked and drove off the chinese before pressing on up the slope and engaging the remainder of the d company . reaching their objective at 11 : 00 , the australians quickly took advantage of the time gained so far , moving a company towards the top of hill355 . amid fierce fighting , the australians reached the eastern slopes of kowang @ - @ san by 10 : 00 , despite having received no orders to do so . two chinese were killed and six wounded during the battle , while australian casualties included three australians , one of whom later died . gerke was later awarded the distinguished service order ( dso ) for his actions . a company withdrew to the rear of the 2 rar , and was relieved by d company , which took the positions held by c company 500 metres ( 550 yd ) southwest of hill 199 . meanwhile , led by sergeant smith , the chinese launched a surprise attack on the western slopes of kowang @ - @ san , and fearing they would be surrounded on all sides the chinese quickly abandoned hill 355 , withdrawing back under heavy artillery fire . despite the stiff resistance offered by the chinese , the canadians won a hard fight and the chinese prepared to consolidate their positions as part of the second phase of the divisional plan . but with the capture of hill 355 and 210 the chinese quickly withdrew from their ko @ - @ san defensive positions , with hill 159 and 210 captured without opposition . subsequently the 2nd battalion , princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry faced significant resistance as they attacked the adjacent hill 187 ##a , suffering two killed and two wounded during the fighting in which two australians were also killed . however , the ease with which the canadians had achieved their initial objectives enabled them to press on , reaching their final objective on the front line by nightfall . no chinese resistance was encountered , although intense chinese artillery fire inflicted a number of casualties , including one australian . the canadians quickly consolidated the positions they were able to hold for the next two @ - @ san hours of fighting . meanwhile , on the 2nd battalion ' s left , the shropshires encountered little resistance , reaching hill 210 southwest of kowang @ - @ san by 10 : 00 . they were subsequently relieved by the canadians by nightfall in time for the second phase of the attack . the divisional plan was still a little behind schedule , although with the relative success achieved by the canadians , therefore , the divisional plan was still proceeding according to plan . however , unable to hold out until the capture of hill 355 , the canadians sent in more troops , initially attacking a number of positions , including maryang san . = = = battle of maryang san , 2 february 1951 = = = the first objective was maryang san , a small hill rising 200 metres ( 660 yd ) above the ground at 1 @ , @ 600 metres ( 2 @ , @ 700 yd )north of hill 355 . however , given the delay in attacking hill 355 , hassett would not be able to implement his plan until early the next morning . as planned the main attack would begin on 3 october , with the 1st royal fusiliers ordered to occupy an advanced position — hill 217 , the kowang @ - @ san — , and the rest on hill 317 . the fusiliers moved into position south of hill 199 on the morning of 4 october , and on the night of 4 / 5 october the australian artillery attacked chinese positions , with two batteries of 155 @ - @ inch ( 203 mm ) guns and the two 155 @ - @ inch ( 155 @ . @ 203 mm ) guns supporting them . further attacks by the aircraft of no . 2 squadron , south african air force were also planned , attacking chinese positions south and west of the valley to cut @ - @ san supply and communications . both the australians and fusiliers were scheduled to begin their attack on a new — at 05 : 00 — after a preliminary artillery bombardment . in the morning the fusiliers moved forward , but amid thick fog they found it difficult to get their bearings and were not in position in time to launch the attack as planned . by 10 : 00 they had advanced to within 300 metres ( 330 yd ) from their objective , and after further reconnaissance the attack finally began at 11 : 00 . after initially achieving success a number of the remaining chinese positions surrendered to the fusiliers . holding their defensive position on hill 217 , the fusiliers took the initiative again , and poured heavy anti @ - @ gun and mortar fire onto the chinese as they crossed the valley , forcing them to withdraw after suffering heavy casualties and running low on ammunition . having reached the main line of attack from the south , the chinese defences proved weaker than previously , and the fusiliers were unable to take the objective , with b company gaining a grip on the position by nightfall . later that morning , at 04 : 00 , c and d / 3 rar had moved south of the valley , and the @ - @ gun companies crossed the imjin , taking up positions further south in order to secure the left flank . the two companies would then move south towards a series of positions before reaching hill 317 . initially 3 rar was to attack from the northeast , while the rnf would attack from the north on hill 217 , but with the fusiliers facing stiff resistance on hill 217 itself they were ordered to move forward to attack . the previous attempt to capture maryang san had failed due to the threat to the left flankof the latter , was a wide , open valley that was protected by indirect fire from the supporting chinese tanks . therefore , the australians decided to cross the river under cover of darkness and advance themselves against the chinese positions in the valley , before descending the slope at first light . a company would make a sweep around the left flank , and b company would clear the steep slope . a company broke through to attack the chinese main defensive position , known as the ' victor ' feature , in an in @ - @ up , two @ - @ - @ - @ down attack . however , after the actions of the companies on hill 199 , 220 and 355 , and the effect of the fog , 1 rar was now down to about 320 men . by nightfall , the fusiliers encountered three large chinese tanks at maryang san , which numbered about 1 @ , @ 100 men . b company — commanded by captain john nicholls — started forward alone in the heavy fog , and with visibility limited by the thick fog , they moved to the right off the main line of attack and lost contact , suffering a similar fate as the fusiliers . eventually , the chinese tanks became ineffective and the main attack turned into a series of small infantry attacks . a company then moved forward again , and when the mist lifted , at 15 : 00 they were left completely exposed , about halfway up the slope to their objective . the australian attack quickly surprised the chinese defenders , who were not expecting the attack from the rear , and d company succeeded in advancing to within firing range of the attack on 317 . during a short one @ - @ minute one @ - @ minute the australians reached their final objective with the help of direct fire from the tanks , and indirect fire support from artillery , losing two killed and two wounded . notable among the australian casualties were the company commander and two of the platoon commanders , both of whom remained in hospital with minor wounds . chinese losses included one killed and 20 wounded . during the initial assault a company had advanced northwards along the slope leading to hill 317 and had encountered heavy resistance . the attack was ultimately successful however , forcing the chinese to withdraw against the ridge , which they believed to be the final objective . meanwhile , a company continued to make their advance up the high slope towards the ' victor ' feature , against the heavily defended chinese positions , which contained very heavy resistance . by 16 : 00 it had successfully cleared the last of the three positions assigned to it and a platoon from b company was sent forward to assist in the clearing of thesmith . meanwhile , sergeant a . j . smith was awarded the military cross and sergeant a . j . rowlinson was awarded a bar to his distinguished conduct medal for their actions during the attack . at this point the chinese casualties were 12 killed and 20 wounded , and the australians believed that a large number of chinese had already been killed . following the withdrawal of a and d companies , c company was brought up alongside them and with the achievement of the objective they immediately launched an attack on hill 317 , killing 30 chinese for no gain . although the chinese had a poorly defended @ - @ in , there were no barbed wire obstacles to stop the attack and the fusiliers had quickly captured the objective . by 18 : 00 , maryang san had fallen to the fusiliers , with the chinese retreating under heavy artillery , tank and machine @ - @ in fire . on hill 217 the australians had maintained the pressure on the chinese throughout the day , but they were still unable to hold the position . however , the arrival of the fusiliers in conjunction with a company ' s initial attack and the rapid advance of c company with tank and artillery support , saved the position . c company continued to advance against heavy direct and indirect fire , gradually pushing the chinese forces back . meanwhile , a platoon was sent to assist c company in the defence of maryang san after its capture , while the other two companies were forced back , still under heavy artillery fire . however , although they had played a significant role in the attack , the attack of c company had been ineffective , suffering many casualties , killing at least four chinese and wounding six . now with maryang san captured the fusiliers launched an @ - @ attack , converting the single @ - @ round - line defensive system into an entire @ - @ line defensive system with several supporting rifle positions . fully expecting a chinese machine @ - @ attack that night , hasset detached the australian 2nd battalion to attack the chinese position . however , the chinese still held three major defensive features — the ' hill ' ridge , the ' valley ' and the top of hill 317 itself — which they managed to successfully hold . these would be the scene of heavy fighting in the days to come as the chinese attempted to overcome them . = = = the chinese , [UNK] – 5 october 1951 = = = with both sides exhausted from the fighting the night of 5 / 6 october proved more difficult than expected , and the australians took the opportunity to change their strategy . to add more depth to their attack and to consolidate the chinese position , they attacked theand to capture the last remaining chinese position , the spur , — a narrow ridge located between the ridge of maryang san and the long — the following day . meanwhile , the fusiliers would launch their attack on hill 217 . the original approach to hill 217 had proved to be too heavily defended by the chinese and it was decided that if it were to be taken they would have to destroy the forces of the defenders . to achieve this the high ground to the tree @ - @ line of maryang san , known as the spur , would be taken . however , prior to hill 217 , the chinese approached it from the north . as preparation for the second attack , scheduled for the evening , the fusiliers would concentrate their main force to attack the feature from the south , using the chinese position on maryang san as a forward base and thus allowing them to surprise their opponents on hill 217 . at 07 : 00 on 9 may , 9 platoon c company — under the command of captain smith , — moved forward to attack , using the heavy fog to conceal their approach . under @ - @ fire and not expecting the ridge to be captured , initially the fusiliers encountered a large number of chinese in hastily prepared defensive positions . without the ##power and ammunition , the fusiliers then launched a frontal attack and , using grenades and grenades , they inflicted heavy casualties on the chinese , forcing the chinese to surrender . although subjected to heavy fire , the platoon managed to hold the position , despite chinese attacks over the next two hours , cutting off the way to the tree @ - @ line and the ridge with heavy rifle and machine @ - @ gun fire , forcing the chinese to retreat leaving their dead and wounded behind . one australian was killed during the initial assault on sierra , and a few were also captured during the night . his casualties were four killed , two wounded and one missing . he was later awarded the military cross . during the afternoon the fusiliers again attacked hill 217 from the south , and attempted to make their way along the eastern and western sides of the ridge . despite support by the australian infantry and the 1 rar machine gun platoon with their vickers and machine @ - @ guns with support from maryang san , the fusiliers were unable to make progress due to the machine @ - @ guns located in positions to the rear of their position . however , their forward movements were well covered by chinese small arms and ammunition . the rnf had already taken over 100 prisoners during two hours of fighting and by the evening they were largely surrounded and. seeing the fusiliers ' weakness , the chinese then launched their own attack , forcing them to withdraw from position . initial preparations for the assault on the ridge had not begun due to problems with resupply and the long forced march that would have been involved . however , despite their efforts , the fusiliers had failed to achieve their objective . it appeared that the only way to successfully capture hill 217 was via the road from hill 317 , via the ridge , and as such the fusiliers would be tasked with taking the objective the following day . b company was then given the objective . after this , they reached hill 317 late on the evening of 6 october , successfully secured the summit , and at dawn had established their positions on the ridge north of the summit where they would move up the following day to launch the assault . in the early morning of 7 october the heavy artillery and mortar fire continued , destroying chinese positions on the ridge . hassett moved the 1 rar company back up to hill 317 , as the chinese troops moved into the line of fire , allowing him to observe the battle from his own position and to provide @ - @ - fire support . waiting for the fog to clear so that the artillery could fire until the next possible day , the assault finally began at 08 : 00 . b company moved quickly along the ridge , with two @ - @ up and two @ - @ down @ - @ positions , using the trees and tall grass for cover . however it appeared that the chinese had withdrawn during the night , when all the remaining australian troops were attacked by small arms fire from their positions . a series of fierce @ @ - @ battles ensued . the assault pressed on and at 09 : 00 the ridge finally fell , with the australians losing four killed and nine wounded . chinese casualties included more than 100 killed . as a result of the battle sergeant john nicholls and sergeant jim jones were awarded the australian medal , and sergeant j . jones and sergeant j . j . bosworth were awarded the military medal . but , as the remaining australians withdrew , artillery and mortar fire continued to fall on the position . b company moved forward to secure the crest , but was hampered by the fog , and they soon faced a severe shortage of ammunition and difficulty supporting their wounded . for the remainder of the day b company was subjected to heavy artillery fire from the artillery , as was d company on hill 317 . the down @ - @ up platoon and the rifle platoon of b company , with a platoon of d company movedmoved to the position to reinforce b company . at 08 : 00 , the position and hill 317 were both heavily bombed for several hours , signalling the start of the main chinese advance . heavy fog delayed the chinese advance , and this allowed them to penetrate the japanese lines . during the night of 7 / 8 october the position was attacked on several occasions from both the front and the rear by a force of considerable strength , but the australians drove back the chinese with fierce - @ - @ to @ - @ - attacks . the chinese charged again , but were repulsed by heavy small arms and artillery fire . during one such attack , j . j . o ' connell , on seeing one of his company ' s machine gunners wounded , manned the light machine @ - @ gun himself , breaking up the chinese attack , and directing the actions of the men around him . meanwhile , sergeant j . j . taylor supervised the resupply of ammunition to the two australian companies . both were awarded the victoria cross . the intensity of the fighting had led to a severe shortage of ammunition among the chinese , and attempts to resupply the positions were hampered by heavy casualties . the availability of fresh ammunition improved the situation considerably . one of b company ' s two vickers light machine @ - @ guns was destroyed by chinese fire , and the ammunition supplies were subsequently picked up and distributed among the defenders . however , this action resulted in a large number of mechanical failures and electrical failures , causing many casualties for the australians . the evacuation of wounded was also an issue , and the australian rifle ##men — commanded by lieutenant colonel wilson — were used as standard bearer and to hold forward lines , as were a number of the other australian companies . their ammunition being exhausted , the australians took to killing and capturing many of the wounded chinese during the intense fighting . fearing the chinese would be overwhelmed by the renewed chinese attacks , wilson ordered the australians and shropshires to use their water supply to resupply the positions , and a large scale barrage of artillery was launched in support of 3 rar . nevertheless , b company succeeded in holding their hastily prepared defensive positions through the night and until 05 : 00 on 9 october when the chinese finally gave up . in order to maintain its own position , the australian 191st battalion was forced to withdraw back about 10 km ( 3 @ . @ . mi ) , taking the top of hill 217 without a fight . at first , more than 100 chinese dead and wounded lay on theas expected and in response to the heavy fighting during the night , the medical teams were ordered to move forward and evacuate their wounded under a flag of truce . the chinese had been repulsed and were now retreating after several hours of fierce fighting . = = = = = = = = = = = = several hours later , at 09 : 00 , 3 rar was relieved of maryang san and the hill by the australians , having lost 29 killed and 104 wounded . chinese losses on hill 317 had been heavy , with at least 283 killed ( 79 % casualty figures ) and over 100 wounded , although many more were more likely to have been killed and wounded . overall it was estimated that the australians had captured at least six chinese positions during the five @ - @ day battle . the rnf had again attacked against hill 217 , this time without success , sending patrols to check that the chinese had withdrawn . they were relieved by troops from the kosb on the hill , with the australians taking possession of the hill at 09 : 00 . hill 217 was finally relieved on 8 october by the australians . the 3 rar , pioneer platoon , the 1 @ - @ gun platoon and a platoon from d company remained on maryang san hill , and during the night of 8 / 9 october the australians killed two chinese during a raid on their position . they were finally relieved on 10 october . for his actions , hassett was posthumously awarded the dso , and a number of awards were also made to others that had distinguished themselves during the battle . the 1st australian regiment was subsequently awarded the battle honours " kowang @ - @ san " and " maryang san " . today , the second battle of maryang san is widely regarded as one of the australian army ' s greatest victories of the entire war . = = = = = = = during the battle , the british army transport system proved robust enough to withstand the heaviest of the fighting without major damage , although difficulties were encountered . despite this , an adequate supply of supplies , ammunition , food and water was maintained , although there were times when the troops suffered cold and hunger for several days . 3 rar received 900 @ , @ 000 rounds of small arms , 200 @ , @ 000 ammunition and 200 @ , @ 000 mortar ##s during the five @ - @ day battle , all of which were brought in by @ - @ day convoys by army medical corps personnel and other personnel over long distances and adverse conditions , often while under fire . these resupply operations often required considerable effort and time toanderson , and a number of chinese soldiers were killed and wounded at maryang san . however , the treatment of casualties and the resupply of wounded at jamestown was difficult , and chinese artillery and mortar fire destroyed supply lines and hospitals on a number of occasions , resulting in the un troops running out of ammunition . nevertheless , the level of support provided to the british and commonwealth forces by the artillery and infantry was of a high standard and was a significant success . indeed , the australians had successfully fought in conditions to which they were accustomed , while the new zealand ##ers had fired over 2 @ , @ 000 rounds in direct support of 1 rar , scraping the shells from the shells of their guns . air support , particularly that provided by the north korean aircraft , had been effective throughout . the battle was also notable for the first use of tunnel warfare by the chinese during the korean war . during the battle , a number of un troops successfully defended their positions from a u @ - @ up tunnel capable of holding 100 men , which had served as both a temporary headquarters and a base for reinforcements . the un commander later claimed that the tunnel allowed the un to take 700 chinese prisoners while suffering only 50 casualties in total . encouraged by the success , the commander of the people ' s liberation army , peng dehuai , immediately ordered the construction of 30 @ - @ up ( 100 ft ) deep tunnels in the chinese front line , and these proved a formidable obstacle for chinese forces to overcome during the same period . = = = = = = = = = jamestown battle ended on 22 october with the chinese i corps having successfully penetrated the front line and capturing elements of the 39th , 40th , 50th and 70th infantry divisions . australian losses were estimated at 3 @ , @ 000 men , while chinese losses were 4 @ , @ 000 — the majority of them from the us 1st cavalry division which had borne the majority of the casualties . although a few positions north of the line remained in chinese hands — including a u @ - @ up operation known as operation polecharge which succeeded in capturing these positions on 23 october — the supply lines to jamestown were well protected from chinese attacks . with the u @ - @ war over , these operations proved to be last phase of the war of independence , which had lasted the previous six months . this was followed by a guerrilla war characterized by defensive positions , trench warfare , sabotage , sabotage , raiding , and tactics typical of the western front . 1915 –1 . construction of fortified positions began almost immediately , although initial efforts were confined to the western slope during the day due to artillery and mortar fire which made the construction difficult . moving forward of the front line also began in order to prevent the japanese from taking control of the ##ok croft . however , as the campaign was a series of guerrilla operations and sabotage , changing australian military attitudes meant that australian commanders were more capable of limiting casualties . total casualties among the 1st australian division during operation compass amounted to 34 killed and 262 wounded , the majority of which had occurred during the battles for hill 217 and hill 317 . however , in addition to the heavy casualties suffered by 3 rar , the rnf had suffered 12 killed and 76 wounded . the australian 1st division also received a commendation for calling their casualties " light " , with official estimates of chinese casualties no more than 1 @ , @ 000 . during the battle 3 rar had taken a leading position , and by a successful series of flanking and flanking attacks , combined with constant and accurate artillery and heavy mortar fire , they had driven the chinese from both kowang @ - @ san and maryang san . they had then held the two positions against several japanese attacks , forcing the chinese to retire . a week later maryang san was finally captured by the chinese from the japanese amid fierce fighting in the second battle of maryang san , for which sergeant john speakman was posthumously awarded the victoria cross . it was once again @ - @ san , and remained in chinese hands until the end of the war .