= = cathedral of the holy ascension of god = the current cathedral of the holy ascension of god ( bulgarian : патриаршеска катедрала „ свето възнесение господне “ , patriarsheska katedrala „ sveto vaznesenie gospodne “ ) is a medieval bulgarian orthodox cathedral in the city of veliko tarnovo , in north western bulgaria . located on top of the small tsarevets hill in the former territory of the first bulgarian empire , the cathedral was the seat of the bulgarian patriarch from its construction in the early – ##th centuries to its destruction in 1393 . built on top of a late byzantine basilica , the cathedral , restored in the 1970s and 1980s , has a large @ - @ scale plan with a bell tower and a central dome . richly decorated on both the exterior and interior , its exterior walls also contain byzantine frescoes , the restoration of which has indicated that it has recently been restored . although still used as a christian place of worship , it has been closed for tours since 1985 . = = = = = the current cathedral of the holy ascension of god is probably the oldest christian church to occupy the site on top of the tsarevets hill . it was built directly on top of a late roman ( early byzantine ) basilica which dates to the year – - 870 ad . the original basilica may have been in use by the christian community during the first bulgarian empire , but it was no longer used by the time the construction of the current cathedral began . the original construction of the current cathedral is believed by some to have been done in two stages . the first phase of construction was carried out in the late 11th century or the 12th century . the church was originally built as a small church in the middle of a monastic complex , but by the early 13th century it was already the seat of the bulgarian patriarch . the church suffered severe @ - @ scale damage caused by a fire , which necessitated the church ' s reconstruction in autumn of the 14th century , probably during the reign of tsar ivan alexander of bulgaria ( r . 1331 – [UNK] ) . besides rebuilding and restoration work , work on the church in the 14th century also included the construction of the exonarthex and the bell tower . there are two references to the church in written sources . the first reference to the church tells of the arrival of saint nicholasthe saint ' s relics from the potuka came to the new monastery by the order of emperor kaloyan ( r . 1197 – 1207 ) . the presence of the bulgarian saint ' s relics in the new church reflects the constant warfare against greeks and serbs that followed kaloyan ' s reign . in the early 14th century , the bulgarian metropolitan of tarnovo , metropolitan evtimiy , described the church as the " holy warrior ' s church of the holy ascension " in his testament . a possible reference to the church could be in a written note from 1358 to a copy of the acts of the apostles . in the document , the scribe , ivan laloe , thanked god and the " almighty and most holy trinity " for having supported his work on the manuscript . archaeologist bistra nikolova considers this to be an reference to the byzantine empire , which may have built the church . alternatively , the manuscript could have been kept in the monastery ' s library , where laloe may have worked . the church is also mentioned in the medieval chronicle of tarnovo and the codex menaion , a menaion history book written in the late @ - @ 14th century and later moved to kronstadt ( now bucharest , romania ) after the fall of bulgaria to ottoman rule . the original cathedral was destroyed when the ottomans captured the bulgarian capital during their conquest of tarnovo on 17 august 1393 . the church was partially restored in the 20th century ; the works were carried out by a team under architect boyan kuzupov . these began in 1978 and were completed in 1981 , to celebrate bulgaria ' s 1300th anniversary . however , it was not until around 1985 , when the original frescoes were restored , that the church was opened once again for worship . the church ' s frescoes have been listed as a cultural monument since 1927 ; in 1967 , they were declared an architectural monument of culture of national importance . as part of the tsarevets cultural heritage , it is also included among the important cultural monuments of bulgaria . = = art and architecture = = the old church of the holy ascension of bulgaria is located on top of the tsarevets hill , overlooking the medieval city of veliko tarnovo . the church is part of a complex of buildings which formed the nucleus of the medieval fortress and served as the citadel and the fortress ' s main gate . the city of tsarevets had a citadel of its own , with atwo aisles and an aisle on the west side . the main church is in the center of the complex . the main church has a single nave , the upper portion of which is the remains of the original church on the site . the single @ - @ naved church follows the typical greek semi @ - @ semi @ - @ byzantine style . built out of red limestone and covered with white stucco , it measures 26 by 12 metres ( 85 ft × 39 ft ) . the church has two narthices , a bell tower and some other structures attached to the south east side . the presence of a bell tower is considered to be a innovation in byzantine church architecture . four columns support the dome and separate the church from the cella ( naos ) . it is unknown whether the church had the synthronon ( high altar for the dead ) in the past , but there are indications that the interior may actually be part of the original church . the church has both exterior and interior decoration . while the walls are covered with marble and mosaic tiles , the interior floor ##ing was made of white , red and black marble as well as semi @ - @ byzantine stones like sapphire and ruby . the interior walls were decorated with frescoes and paintings . however , none of the exterior decoration has survived . during the church ' s 20th @ - @ century restoration , the interior was decorated by sculptor teofan sokerov , who depicted important events of medieval bulgarian history in a realistic style . due to these problems , the church has not been restored and remains inactive . the interior of the church also includes a niche with a saint ' s portrait of a bulgarian saint , which came up as part of the restoration project . there are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church , three of which are reserved for saints . one of the burial grounds is in the exonarthex , where the churches were built in the 13th century . besides housing the saint ' s remains , the site also contains the tombs of bulgarian rulers boris ii , macarius and boris iii .