= leg before wicket = leg before wicket ( lbw ) is one of the ways in which a batsman can be dismissed in the sport of cricket . following an appeal from the fielding team , the umpire may declare a batsman out lbw if the ball would have hit the batsman , but was not hit by any part of the batsman ' s body ( including the hand holding the bat ) . the umpire ' s decision may depend on a number of factors , including where the ball landed , whether the ball was in time with the bat , and whether the batsman was attempting to hit the ball . leg before wicket first appeared in the laws of cricket in 1774 , when players attempted to use their stance to prevent the ball hitting their bat . over the decades , attempts were made to determine where the ball should land and to overcome the difficulty of determining the batsman ' s stance . the 1839 version of the law was a system that remained in place for over 100 years . however , from the latter half of the 19th century , players became increasingly adept at " pad @ - @ play " to reduce the risk of their dismissal . after a number of unsuccessful appeals for changes , in 1935 the law was changed , so that batsman could be out lbw even if the ball landed in the line of the stump . critics claimed this change made the game dangerous because it allowed defensive bowling at the expense of orthodox break bowling . after much debate and many amendments , the law was amended again in 1972 . in an attempt to eliminate pad @ - @ play the new law , which is used to this day , allowed batsman to be dismissed lbw under certain conditions if they did not attempt to hit the ball with their bat . since the 1980s , the use of video cameras and , later , pad @ - @ play technology to assist viewing has reduced the incidence of lbws in test matches . however , the origins of the law and the extent of its impact remain controversial . in his 1995 edition of cricket players , gerald brodribb wrote : " no law has caused as much controversy as lbw ; it has caused controversy from the earliest days " . due to its origins , the law is widely used among the general public and has been controversial among players , players and spectators ; lbw catches have also caused serious controversy . since the law ' s introduction , the number of lbw decisions has increased steadily over the years . statistics show that the chance of a batsman being dismissed lbw in a test match varies depending on where the batsmanwho , and which teams are eliminated . = = = = = the rule of leg before wicket ( lbw ) is in part contained of the laws of cricket , published by the marylebone cricket club ( mcc ) . before a batsman can be out lbw , the fielding team must appeal to the umpire . for the batsman to be out lbw , the ball , if it hits , must land in line with the wickets , or on the off side of the wicket . then the ball has hit half of the batsman ' s leg , without actually touching his body , in line with the wickets and has time going on to hit the wicket . the batsman can also be out lbw if , having made an attempt to hit the ball with his bat , he was hit outside the line of off stump by a ball that would otherwise hit the wicket . the umpire may determine that the ball would have been on the correct side before hitting the wickets , even if it would have stopped before hitting the wicket . however , if the bowler bowled a short ball — or illegal delivery — the batsman cannot be lbw under any circumstances . a batsman can be out lbw even if the ball does not hit his body : for example , a ball hit on the leg could be lbw . similarly , he cannot be lbw if the ball lands on the off side of the wicket ( " outside off stump " ) , or if the ball would have otherwise hit the wicket . similarly , a batsman who has attempted to hit the ball with his bat cannot be lbw if the ball hits him outside the line of the stump . however , some variations in cricket , such as the drop sweep and the catch , involve the batsman switching between a right - and left @ - @ up position ; this changes the position of the off and leg sides , which is determined by the bowler . the rule also states that the off side is determined by the batsman ' s stance when the bowler starts his right @ - @ up . according to mcc rules for bowling , factors to consider when making an lbw decision include the speed at which the ball was pitched and whether the ball was bowled through the batsman . he must also account for the angle of the ball in hand and how far from the batsman the batsman was hit ; from this , he can determine if the ball would have gone through the wickets or hit them . the mcc also states that it is possible to make a decision when the ball strikes the batsman without warning , and that the ball ofwhen the ball has travelled and more so when there is a long interval between the bowler bouncing and hitting the batsman . = = origins of the law = = = = = = = = = the earliest known english version of the laws of cricket , dating from 1744 , does not mention the lbw rule . at the time , players in county cricket had straight legs , which made it unlikely that they would be able to pitch directly in front of the batsman . however , a provision in the 1744 law gave players the power to take action if the batsman was " too ready to him " . the bats were allowed to be longer in the 18th century , allowing them to pitch close to the wicket . however , the batsman soon attempted to stop the ball from hitting the batsman . these actions were criticised by critics and a revision of the laws in 1774 stated that the batsman was out if he had stopped the ball from hitting the wicket with his hands . however , writers noted that the courts had given the difficult task of judging the actions of players . the 1788 revision of the laws no longer required the umpire to take account of the batsman ' s leg ; instead the batsman was lbw if he bowled a ball that " travel [ s ] straight " . further revision of the law came in 1823 , when a provision was added that " the ball must be bowled in a straight line to the batsman " . the ambiguity of the law was resolved when two different players disagreed on whether the ball was to travel in a straight line from the bowler to the batsman , or to the wickets at either end of the pitch . in 1839 the mcc , by then responsible for enforcing the laws of cricket , adopted the new , and ruled the batsman was lbw if the ball went directly between the wickets and would not hit the wicket . = = = = and subsequent change = = = in england , the lbw rule remained the same between 1839 and 1937 , despite various attempts to have it changed . an 1863 attempt to allow a batsman to be lbw if the ball hit his leg at any point on the wickets , regardless of where the ball went or whether it would hit the wicket at all , came to nothing . there were no changes until the number of lbw players in english cricket began to decline during the 1880s . until then , players used their gloves only to protect their hands ; their use for any other purpose was considered illegal , and many professional players did not use them at all . ascricket became more popular and widespread , and players began to use their pads as a second line of defence : they lined them up with the bat so that if they bowled with the bat , the ball hit the pads instead of the bat . the players adopted this approach ; if the wicket was not an accurate target from which to score runs , they had no action and allowed the ball to bounce freely off their pads . frank shrewsbury was the first test cricketer to adopt these pads , and others followed . criticism of this practice was caused by the improved quality and quantity of the equipment , which made play easier , led to higher scores and reduced a defensive advantage in the game . several proposals were made to change pad @ - @ play . at a meeting of representatives of the english county cricket association in 1888 , one representative expressed the opinion that a " batsman who defended his wicket with his pads instead of with his bat should be out " . the mcc made a proposal to amend the law to ensure that the batsman would be out if he bowled a ball that would have hit the wicket ; in contrast to the 1888 law , this took no account of where the ball pitched relative to the wicket . other proposals included one in which the position of the batsman was taken into account , but the laws were changed and the mcc eventually issued a condemnation of the practice of using pads for defence . this reduced pad @ - @ play for a short time , and when it increased again , a second proposal by the mcc had little effect . another debate of changing the law took place in 1899 , when several mcc players proposed an amendment made to the 1888 law : the batsman would be out if the ball would have hit the wicket , where where now was safe . at a special general meeting of the mcc in 1902 , lord lyttelton again proposed this change ; the amendment was passed by 259 votes to 188 , but failed to achieve the pad @ - @ vote majority needed to change the law . w . j . grace was the main opponent of the amendment , as he believed it would make the work of the committee more difficult , and he later withdrew his vote . lyttelton ' s son , alfred , opposed the amendment and campaigned for the rest of his life to have the lbw rule changed . as evidence that pad @ - @ play was dangerous and needed to be changed , he cited the falling rate of wickets which were bowled lbw : the rate rose from 3 % of wickets in 1870 to 7 % in 1890 , and 10 %in 1923 . in 1902 , the same new law was tested in the minor counties championship , but was a failure . the increase in the size of the ball was one of the very popular attempts at this time to increase the power of batsman and bowler . = = = changes to the laws = = = between 1900 and the 1930s , the number of runs scored by players , and the number of lbw bowled , continued to increase . players became increasingly frustrated with pad @ - @ play and the extent to which they began to take out a wicket from at the off stump , thus allowing it to pass him . the english fast bowler harold larwood responded by using off spin , and hitting the batsman with the ball in the air . this developed into the successful bodyline method first used against england in 1932 – [UNK] . the players refused to go in and began to hit the balls from the the stump — going in to catch the ball instead of allowing it to hit their pads — if they posed a threat , so that they could easily be dismissed lbw . the mcc felt these tactics had great practical potential . at the height of the bodyline movement in 1933 , donald bradman , the leading australian batsman and the target of the bowling attack , wrote to the mcc requesting an extension of the lbw rule to allow more competitive matches . to solve the problem , and shift the game for australia , the mcc made several changes to the laws . the size of the boundary was increased in 1927 , and that of the wicket ##keeper in 1931 , but the changes had little effect . between 1929 and 1933 , the mcc introduced a test in which a batsman could dismiss lbw if he had hit the ball onto his pads . then , in 1935 , an additional test was introduced in which the batsman could be dismissed lbw even if the ball was outside the line of the stump — in other words , the ball that struck him ran into the air but did not strike in line with the wickets . however , the bowler was still allowed to hit the batsman in line with the wickets . the umpire reported to the players when he declared the batsman out under the new rule , and any subsequent ball was called " lbw ( bowled ) " on the field . several leading players challenged the new rule , including the australian herbert sutcliffe , known as an advocate of pad @ - @ play , and amateurs errol flynn and bob wyatt . wisden players ' almanack noted that these three improvedtheir best players during the 1935 season , and overall , were more successful . there were also more drawn matches . there was an increase in the number of lbws — that of first @ , @ 560 lbw . in first @ - @ class matches in 1935 , 483 were recorded under the new law . wisden considered the change a failure and most of the editors changed their minds by the end of the year ; they gradually became reconciled to the change . although the authorities were not enthusiastic , and did not immediately introduce the change into the first @ - @ class cricket , in 1937 the new law became part of the laws of cricket . according to gerald brodribb , in his life and history of the game , the changes created more " exciting " , exciting games . the change in practice was interrupted by the second world war . when the game resumed in 1946 , players were out of favour and the new lbw law fell into the hands of off spin and inswing bowling , which came to dominate australian cricket . the cricket writer derek birley noted that many of these players copied the style of alec bedser , an inswing ##er who was drafted shortly before the change , and that the new game was attractive to them . the new lbw law , and other changes to the game in favour of the change , also encouraged the imitation . the revised law began to cause controversy among critics and commentators ; some former players claimed that the change had caused a decline in form and reduced the number of games played on the batting side . a 1963 article in the australian criticised the change for limiting the variety of bowling styles : " the change has led to a marked decline in the number of off and first @ - @ class matches . whereas in the early days every county had a leg break and an occasional left arm bowler , leg breaks , at any time , are now few and far between . go back to think of the first @ - @ class matches at any time , and the chances are that you will find the wicketkeeper standing still and a good fast bowler in action . . . there is no doubt that the game , as a whole , is more exciting than it is . " some players , including bob willis , argued that the lbw law should be restored to its pre @ - @ 1935 form ; he continued to do so until his death in 1995 . on the other hand , bradman , in the 1970s , proposed changing the law so that it could belbw fell if they were bowled outside the line of off stump . an mcc survey of the laws of cricket , carried out between 1956 and 1957 , noted the widespread and controversial practice of off @ - @ players and inswing ##ers batting outside off stump with wickets playing on the leg side . rather than changing the lbw rule to address the problem , the mcc increased the number of players concentrated on the leg side . = = = = no shot = = = in the 1950s and 1960s , the incidence of off @ - @ spin increased , leading to more difficult and expensive pitches that made bowling much harder . critics came to describe this practice as " unfair and unfair " . in an effort to reduce off @ - @ play and encourage leg side bowling , a revised version of the lbw rule was introduced , first in australia and the west indies for the 1969 – - season , and in england for 1970 . under the pad @ - @ play version , a batsman would be lbw if the ball attempted to strike the batsman was in line with the wickets , " outside the batsman ' s off stump and in the opinion of the umpire , made no previous attempt to hit the ball with his hand . " this change removed the requirement that the ball should be in line with the wickets , and stated that a batsman with no stroke could still be out if the ball struck outside off stump , in contrast to the 1935 rule . the editors of wisden said the change allowed players to take more wickets , and thus created more difficult pitches . however , the percentage of players being lbw also increased , and concerns were raised in australia . the australian government recommended a change to the 1935 law . a batsman could once again be bowled to a ball that struck outside off stump , and the rule was added that " if no stroke is given to a ball bowled outside the off @ - @ , which in the opinion of the umpire would strike the wicket , or hit the ball with any part of his body other than the bat , then the batsman is out , even if that part of the ball affected is not in line with bat and ball . " the difference to the 1935 rule was that the batsman could not be out even if the ball was outside the line of the @ - @ play . this law was adopted throughout the world , although it was not a part of the cricket code , from 1972 and the number of lbws had risen to double the limits of the 1970 law . the mcc applied the new law to the wholeof england in 1980 ; this version of the lbw system is still used as of 2013 . = = = use of bowling = = = since 1993 , the number of lbws dismissed an cricket county has increased significantly . according to cricket writer david miller , the number of lbw appeals increased as teams incorporated ball @ - @ tracking technology such as ball @ - @ tracking into their television coverage of matches . miller said : " with the passage of time and the introduction of hawkeye into other sports , and with bowling of greater effectiveness , cricket officials seem now to have overcome these limitations . recent studies have shown that a higher proportion of deliveries with an extra ball go on to hit the wicket than had originally been expected . " miller also noted that players have been influenced by the technology ; their increased knowledge of which balls are likely to hit the wicket has made them more likely to single out those who are pitched further away from the wicket . this trend is reflected in test cricket , where the increasing use of technology in umpire appeals has increased the role of umpire . fast ##ners in particular make many successful appeals for lbw . however , the use of ball @ - @ tracking tracking has been controversial ; some critics see it as less important than conventional methods , while others argue that the umpire is better able to make the decision . the international cricket council ( icc ) , responsible for governing the game worldwide , held a trial in 2002 where lbw appeals could be referred to a third official , the third umpire , to rely on live television . the third umpire could then use it to see where the ball was hit and if the bowler hit the ball with his bat . the icc found the trial unsuccessful and did not continue indefinitely . further trials followed in 2006 , although ball @ - @ tracking technology remained available to match officials . after a further series of trials , in 2009 the umpire decision support system ( drs ) was introduced into test cricket where they could refer the on @ - @ tracking system of appeals to a third umpire who has access to television cameras and technology such as eye tracking . according to the icc ' s general secretary , dave richardson , drs increased the speed with which they review lbw appeals . in a 2012 interview , richardson said : " they may have felt that if they have found out and drs know who was not out , then their convictions should be questioned . or they may , i think , appreciate the use of their heart a little more and take a more direct approach to thethe way lost . i think if we ' re being honest , drs has changed the game much more than we thought it would . " opponents of the system say that reasons for the use of drs have created an ambiguity of responses to lbw , depending on the nature of the match . critics also claim that the ball @ - @ tracking system used for the lbws is accurate enough , but the bbc states that tests have shown the system to be 100 % accurate . the board of control for cricket in india ( bcci ) has also refused to use drs in matches in india due to their concerns about the ball @ - @ tracking system . several drs tests were conducted during test matches , and some controversies arose over lbws , particularly as the technology was not as reliable as it later proved . the bcci says the system is outdated and prone to abuse . = = statistics and trends = = a study in 2011 by david miller found that in english county cricket , the proportion of wickets to be lbw has increased steadily since the first world war . in the 1920s , around 10 % of wickets were lbw ; this increased to 15 % in the 1940s . between 1946 and 1970 , the proportion was around 10 % and steadily increased until reaching around 20 % in the years to 2010 . miller also found that captains of county teams were much less likely to have the benefit of lbw , — , likely to be dismissed lbw when batting and more likely to dismiss themselves lbw when bowling . for many years , county teams gave their @ - @ of @ - @ rate appeals over the internet ; as they were those whose performance could be affected , they often gave feedback whether batting or bowling . until 1963 , when the system was introduced into english cricket , they were much more tolerant towards amateur players . they dominated english cricket , and no them could affect an umpire ' s performance . elsewhere in the world , lbws were still historically significant in matches taking place in the indian subcontinent . however , teams from the subcontinent were more likely to be lbw when they played in the region . teams that toured other countries often were affected by lbws awarded against them ; there was also an appearance of a bias in the teams against visiting teams . recent studies of this sort have shown that home teams were much more likely than overseas teams to be lbw . however , the evidence is based on lbw points made , not on the ball @ - @ rate of the to themr . fraser points out that it is difficult to determine from these statistics if any of the decisions were correct , especially if the lbw decision may have multiple interpretations , or if other factors such as ground conditions and weather are involved . a 2006 study examined the influence that neutral umpires have on the rate of lbws . although the results are often unclear , it found that lbws increased scores in neutral conditions regardless of time and position . in his history of cricket umpire , gerald brodribb notes that " no law has caused as much trouble as lbw ; it has caused trouble from the earliest days " . among those who do not understand cricket , the law has the reputation of being extremely difficult to interpret , of similar difficulty to association football ' s penalty laws . due to the difficulty of its interpretation , lbw is regarded by critics as the most difficult of the laws and as the standard by which an umpire ' s decisions are measured . in his book cricket and the game : the man in question is always right , ian fraser notes that players ' lbw decisions are frequently disputed and " concerns about bias and bias in particular dominate almost every discussion of lbw decisions . " disputes arise because the umpire has not only to determine what had happened but also to think about what might have happened . some aspects of lbw decisions include the umpire having to determine whether the ball landed behind off stump , and in some cases whether the umpire intended to catch the ball or hit it behind . officials are frequently criticised for their lbw decisions by players , spectators and fans . however , trouble ranging from protests and strikes to public disturbance have results from their decisions . for example , a major crowd demonstration , in which rocks were thrown onto the playing field and the match was abandoned , took place when mohammad azharuddin was dismissed lbw during a 1996 one day international against england .