= the london . = the london panel is one of two surviving fragments of a late 14th @ - @ 15th @ - @ 16th oil on panel painting by the early netherlandish artist rogier van der weyden . the panel , originally anonymous , was painted some time between 1435 and 1438 and has been in the national gallery , london since 1860 . it shows a woman with the pale skin , prominent cheek bones and lowered eyelids typical of the portrait portraits of english women of the period . she is identified as the magdalene from the amount of oil used in the altar , which is her primary role in christian art . she is depicted as being calm in her work , a symbol of the christian spirit , healed and healed of her sins . in christian tradition the figure is identified with saint margaret of bethany who washed the body of jesus with oil and the word " jesus " of matthew 16 : [UNK] – [UNK] . depictions of the painting reading shows her with a child , in a moment of silence , without speaking , and with eyes closed . van der weyden paid particular attention to this in the details , in particular the fabric and folds of the woman ' s dress , the clear formations of the rosary beads worn by the figure standing above her , and the details of the composition . the interior of the panel has been overpainted with a thin layer of black paint . a restoration between 1955 and 1956 revealed the figure standing between the magdalene and the female , with a right foot extended in front of her , with her face visible through the window . the two previously nude figures are slightly cut off from the bottom of the central panel . the figure above her has been identified as belonging to a panel in the museu calouste gulbenkian , lisbon , which shows the life of saint catherine , while the other fragment , showing what is thought to be saint catherine of alexandria , is believed to be from the same master ##work . the lisbon fragment is a small conversazione , known only from a drawing , madonna and child with child , in vienna ' s nationalmuseum , which is a manuscript copy of the painting that is dates from the early 15th century . the drawing shows that the child occupied the upper right @ - @ right side of the panel . the two fragments are about a quarter of the size of the panel , which measures 2 @ . @ . @ × 2 @ .@ 102 cm ( 20 @ . @ 1 in × 16 @ . @ 1 in ) . although highly known during his lifetime , van der weyden disappeared from favor during the 18th century , and was not rediscovered until the late 19th century . the mary panel can only be traced to an 1811 painting . after passing through the hands of a number of dealers in the netherlands , the painting was acquired by the national gallery , london , in 1860 from a dealer in antwerp . it was described by art historian lorne campbell as " one of the great works of 16th @ - @ century painting and among van der weyden ' s most important early works . " = = = = = the magdalene as depicted in flemish medieval art is a composite of two different figures . however , she is based on mary of bethany , who is known as the magdalene in the roman catholic church . mary of bethany knelt at jesus ' feet and " listened to his sermon " , and she is portrayed as a religious figure . the magdalene represents mary ' s sister martha who , tired of the catholic church , prayed that god would see her again . she is depicted by van der weyden as serene , engaged in quiet conversation with her head bowed and eyes slightly away from the viewer . she is engaged in her reading of the gospel book , the pages of which are a piece of white linen , a primitive form of book clothing . the white linen ##s are attached to a wooden panel at the top of the book . according to lorne campbell , the painting " looks much like a 16th @ - @ century illuminated manuscript " and is " probably a religious work " . it was common for religious paintings to show mary reading , and if the magdalene herself could read , she was probably from a wealthy family . van der weyden also emphasized form and proportion , and in this case the rounded shape of the magdalene suggests her complete distance from her surroundings . she is seated on a velvet cushion and leans her head against a marble pillar . at her side is her usual container of an empty vase ; in the tomb she brings water to the tomb of jesus . the view from the window is of a small garden , with an orchard on the far wall and another woman standing on the other side of the canal , whose reflection reflects in the window . van der weyden ' s composition for the magdalene is similar to a group of similar religious figures painted by his pupils , campin and his wife . itshe resembling , in form and form , the figure of saint barbara in campin ' s werl ##a , and also the magdalene in an image attributed to campin in antwerp . unusually for jan van der weyden , the magdalene ' s face has an almost human expression , and the parts of her body are depicted in great detail . she wears a white robe ; in medieval art the magdalene is usually shown nude ( usually seen only in her long dress ) or in a long robe , usually red , yellow and gold , but sometimes in white . her hair is usually tied below her waist with a white ribbon , and the white collar of her dress is decorated with a gold crown . art historian john darwent notes that the magdalene ' s status as a " beautiful woman " is hinted at by the colour of the fur lining of her dress and the long strands of hair escaping from her face . darwent wrote , " even her hair , fur @ - @ mindedly curled , suggest this . in her mixture of realism and abstraction , van der weyden ' s magdalen is human ; yet she isn ' t . " in the medieval period , fur represented spiritual power and was often associated with the magdalene . art scholar john campbell notes that artists such as memling and matsys often portrayed the magdalen in fur and notes that she " is also depicted in absent @ - @ minded ##ly in the first portrait of rogier van der weyden " . the level of colour involved in portraying the magdalene has been described by critics as " far exceed [ ing ] " van gogh . her lips are painted with a mixture of vermilion , yellow and red which are blended into each other to give a white appearance around the mouth . the fur lining of her dress is painted with a variety of colours , from almost pure white to dark grey . rogier gave the painting a rough finish , drawing a parallel to the lines of the canvas and then drying the fabric as it dried . the pattern of the painting is painted with a mixture of colours , lines and curves of varying shape and size . many of the objects around her are also highly represented , in particular the wooden floor and walls , the fabric of the magdalene ' s dress , the faces of the figures on the painting and the shape of mary ' s hand . the surface of the paint is carefully detailed ; mary ' s own glass beads have different colours , and the deline##ations of light and shadow can be seen in the panel ' s mirror and in the clasps of her hands . mary is absorbed in her work and seemingly unaware of her surroundings . van der weyden has called her a distinctive personality although she is generally regarded as the most conservative of the early netherlandish painters of the period , in particular when compared with jan van gogh . lorne campbell describes the tiny figures of the woman looking in the window and her reflection in the window as " the works of art " , and notes that " the attention to detail far exceeds that of jan van gogh and the speed of both is remarkable " . campbell notes that these small details would have been difficult for the viewer to see when the panel was in its original location . other parts of the panel , however , have been described as incomplete and uninspired . one critic notes that the rest of the panel and parts of the wall behind her were distorted and " far too thin and unfinished for texture " . a number of objects depicted in the panel are also not visible save for their outlines . the figure to the right resting on something of the table is holding a water pitcher , possibly a cup . a space to the left of the panel may be a table . = = panel = = = madonna and child with child , a drawing in vienna ' s nationalmuseum , is thought to be a copy of a copy of the london panel by a pupil of van der weyden , who also may have been the author of the koberger rundblatter . the drawing has a carefully sketched outline and features , from left to right : an unidentified kneeling figure with hand and staff in a sweeping gesture ; a small panel with a few short straight lines giving a start in the direction of a single kneeling figure ; a young male man in a white robe identified as st john the evangelist ; a seated woman with in her lap the christ child who sits to the right , looking at a book ; and reading the child , a seated young man identified as john the baptist . the drawing is at the end of mary ' s panel , at about the middle of the magdalene panel where mary ' s walking stick joins it and the magdalene ' s head . this suggests that the magdalene panel was the first to be copied from the original panel . at some unknown date in 1811 , the original panel was cut into at least two parts , possibly due to the , although the magdalenit is in poor condition . the thick overpaint was probably added in the late seventeenth century when netherlandish painting had fallen from fashion and became extinct . he notes that with the removal of the black paint " it looks enough like a flemish painting to belong in the late @ - @ . gallery of late seventeenth @ - @ . paintings " . from the size of the other panels in comparison to the original , it is clear that the work is at least 2 m long and 1 @ . @ . m wide ; the donor and the magdalene seem to closely match the two dimensions , but the order of the dimensions within and between the other panels and the donor cannot be determined . such a composition is consistent with other paintings of the period . the panel was overpainted with a thin layer of black / red paint until it was removed in 1955 ; it was only after the fragment ' s removal that it was added to the upper body and head of mary from the lisbon panel . these two panels are not recorded in portugal until 1907 , when they appear in the collection of the lardus at suresnes , france . the lisbon panel shows traces of the clothing of the female figure from the lisbon panel . to the right of the magdalene is the red robe of what appears to be a female figure . the figure and robe , and more of the background , show the contemporary saint john the baptist . behind the donor is a female figure in black and red robes , with two rosary beads in one hand and a walking stick in the other . the panel in the museu calouste gulbenkian in lisbon shows the clothing of the figure assumed to be the saint john ; the figure and robe match with those of the figure of the donor in the london panel . there is a further surviving panel in lisbon of a female figure , young and richly dressed , which first appears in 1907 with the london panel when it was listed in the collection of the nardus in suresnes . the figure may be saint catherine of alexandria , and from both the colour of her dress and the fact that the wall behind her would be similar to that of the background of the lisbon panel it may be assumed that she is kneeling . in the london panel she is standing , and only part of her body remains . the lisbon panel gives a hint of a view through a window to an outdoor garden ; if the kneeling figure is assumed to be standing , the figure in the window corresponds with thosein the royal collection . modern art historians , including david campbell and john ward , have been able to identify the catherine head as part of the panel , suggesting it is either by van der weyden or a near @ - @ @ size . evidence against this interpretation is the fact that the edge of the panel to the right of the gulbenkian kneeling figure is smooth , while that next to saint joseph is painted . such an arrangement in a single van der weyden panel is unusual . the panels are of similar size ( 8 @ . @ 2 in ) and of near @ - @ - size ; the saint catherine head measures 13 @ . @ 12 cm × 8 @ . @ 13 cm ( 7 @ . @ 3 in × 8 @ . @ 3 in ) , the saint catherine 8 @ . @ 18 cm × 13 cm ( 7 @ . @ 7 in × 8 @ . @ 7 in ) . lorne ward notes that although the catherine head is " much less well preserved and less well executed than the others " , it " seems likely " that the three panels are from the same earlier panel ; he points out that " about half way down the outer side of this panel [ " head " ] is a small piece of red , indicated by a thin underdrawn brushstroke . . . it is possible that the red is part of the background of the severed head of the virgin " . the red piece is on the outer edge of the panel , and was missing when it was removed from the panel . he believes the red corresponds closely with the color of catherine ' s head . the stockholm drawing shows a small rectangular space to the left of the panel with a few vertical lines that could represent the lower part of the kneeling figure of saint catherine . although none of the figures in the three stockholm fragments match those in the original , a 1971 study by art historian john ward — which combined two of the panels into a composition of a seated virgin and child flanked by two kneeling — is generally accepted . the stockholm drawing ' s exact origin and date in the 15th century is unknown , except that the drawing shows a wooden carving of the virgin and child attributed to a flemish master from around 1440 . this carving was now found in paris . = = = = = van der weyden ' s drawing of the virgin is based on mary of bethany , identified by the biographer of pope julius xi as the female mary of bethany . :and – ) . she also became associated with reading and melancholy : god ' s death causes the eyes of the viewer to become sad and sad . italian renaissance artists further reinforced this idea by removing contemplative figures , replacing them with tears , and to contrast , with tears . this can be seen in mid @ - @ renaissance paintings by raphael and raphael which show the woman reading , either with her eyes turned towards her husband ( and facing away from the downward viewer ) , or looking up to the viewer and , finally , looking down towards the heavens . writing about " the hidden madonna " , mosche barasch states that in van der weyden ' s time the act of closing or closing the eyes became a " common metaphor for prayer " . in the medieval period , weeping was associated with divorce , which meant withdrawing from daily life . van der weyden ' s depiction of the text in an everyday setting reflected the increased popularity of women christian laywomen by the mid @ - @ 14th century . the growing popularity of religious texts meant that many women of the time could read texts such as the bible or book of hours in the privacy of their homes . whether the woman herself was a reader , by the 16th century she was firmly established as one in the visual arts . because the reader was present at christ ' s death and subsequent burial , she was seen as the image of christ — a text — and was closely associated with the text . the religious imagery also centered on the image of christ as the author , represented by a book , with the viewer as the narrator telling of her own personal , in a moment of reflection and reflection . her approach to writing reinforced her social role as the most pious woman , as well as the reader and writer . according to tradition , the virgin spent the first few years of her life as a nun at sainte @ - @ baume and was often depicted with a book , writing and writing , and her 30 years of reflection and reflection . in the 16th century she had the appearance of a sainte @ - @ beautiful woman who , covered in golden robes , now in her face in veil and " surrounded by angels , caught between heaven and hell " . the virgin ' s hair motif was included in the dictionary of latin in van der weyden ' s time . mary of bethany mayshe opened the window when she spoke of her sins on christ ' s feet at her tomb ; in the painting , the image of the virgin is of the virgin who washed christ ' s feet with her water and covered them with her hands . she performed the " sacrament of baptism ( baptism and confirmation ) " by placing holy water at christ ' s feet in his tomb . = = date and location = = the painting ' s date is uncertain , believed to be between 1435 and 1438 . van der weyden was appointed chancellor to the bishop of utrecht in 1435 , and it is believed to have been painted during this date . the national gallery states " before 1438 " . art historian john ward suggests that the painting is one of van der weyden ' s earliest works , painted early in his career when he was still being influenced by robert campin . ward suggests a c . 1437 date based on similarities to campin ' s werl ##a . because van der weyden , like many of the early netherlandish masters , was not active until the late 20th century , many of his works were incorrectly lost or destroyed , and other works such as the las miraflores panel began to exist . however , when a number of works , authentic by van der weyden or made under his supervision were discovered in the mid - to late 19th century , his artistic and stylistic influence was lost , or in the case of the painting , replaced with other artists whose authenticity has been lost . the modern panel can probably be traced to the 1811 inventory of the master of bosch , a well @ - @ - building in haarlem , when the work was being handed down . the work is mentioned in the will of jan hoofman , mayor of haarlem . after passing to the nieuwenhuys family , who were wealthy dealers in art of the early netherlandish period , it passed to the musee edmond beaucousin of 1851 , whose " small - valuable " collection of early netherlandish art was purchased for the national gallery , london by john henry eastlake in 1860 ; an acquisition that also included several other campin paintings and one by robert marmion ( 1425 – 1489 ) . this was during a period of restoration intended to improve the financial reputation of the painting . sometime after 1811 , all the paintings except the black rose on the left and the redwalls and table were overpainted in dark paint , which was not replaced until the restoration process in 1955 . in general the " whole surface is in very good condition " , although only than the areas that are not overpainted , and there are a few paint defects . the original chair was transferred from its original panel to a wooden panel ( probably ##er swietenia ) by dutch persons sometime between 1828 and when the national gallery acquired it in 1860 . it states that the date occurred " probably after 1828 , certainly before 1845 , and probably before 1860 " , the year it was acquired by the national gallery . the ##ly @ - @ - chalk found in the damp also out that the transfer of ownership took place around 1830 . the panels from stockholm are still in their original oak panel . the original panel was listed in a museum museum c . 1916 and is probably of portuguese origin . it was donated by a swedish collector , johan langaad , to the norwegian national museum of fine arts in 1918 . = = = = =