= = ( 1913 ) = " trees " is a short poem by american poet val kilmer . written in february 1913 , it was first published in poetry : a journal of poetry that year and later in kilmer ' s 1914 collection trees and other poems . the poem , comprising eight lines of four verse of english free ##s , describes what kilmer saw as the works of art made by man to enhance the beauty offered by nature . kilmer is best famous for " trees " , which has been the subject of numerous interpretations and references in popular culture . kilmer ' s work was often cited by critics and criticized by others as being too sentimental and too sentimental , and that his poetry is considered too formal and too archaic . despite this , the enduring popularity of " trees " has contributed to its popularity . literary critic john lodge called it " the only poem loved to almost everybody . " " trees " is frequently included in poetry anthologies and has been set to music several times — including a popular version by george rasbach , and by charles nelson eddy , bob merrill , and paul williams . the search for a particular tree and the original inspiration for the poem has been documented by several individuals and organizations connected to kilmer ' s life — among these are rutgers university , the university of notre dame , and locations around the country that kilmer visited . however , kilmer ' s oldest son , kenton , states that the poem does not apply to any particular and — that it could apply equally to all . " trees " was written in an upstairs room of the family ' s home in mahwah , new jersey that " looked far up the hill , to our _ @ - @ - property . " however , kenton kilmer states that while his father was " well known for his affection for trees , his love was certainly too absolute — the most prominent feature of kilmer ' s home was a large tree at his feet . " = = = = = = = = mahwah : february 1913 = = = according to kilmer ' s eldest son , kenton , " trees " was written on 1 february 1913 , when the family lived in mahwah , new jersey in the northwest part of bergen county . the kilmers lived on the northwest corner of the intersection of airmount avenue and park avenue in mahwah for many years and the house overlooked the ramapo river . it was late in the house during the midst of the summer time . the house was in the same room, from a tree looking over a small garden . it was written in a small notebook in which his wife and mother passed manuscript sections of each of their poems , and , in some cases , gives the details of each . on one page the first few lines of ' trees ' appear , with the date , july 1 , 1913 , and on another page , later back in the notebook , is the full title of the poem . it was dedicated to his father ' s mother , mrs . henry mills alden , who was dedicated to by her son . in 2013 , the tree referred to by kilmer ' s mother was found by historian and kilmer biographer alex michelini at the university ' s lauinger library , a collection of personal papers donated to the university by kilmer ' s mother , miriam kilmer . the " mrs . henry mills alden " to whom the poem was dedicated was mary ellen mills alden ( 1866 – 1936 ) , the mother of kilmer ' s wife , miriam murray kilmer ( 1888 – 1941 ) . alden , a widow , had married harper ' s magazine editor henry mills alden in 1900 . = = = kilmer ' s wife = = = kilmer ' s poem was inspired by " his deep religious convictions and devotion to the natural beauty of the world . " although many people in the united states claim to have had " trees " , nothing can be said anywhere about kilmer ' s birthplace except that he wrote the poem while living in mahwah . both kilmer ' s wife , miriam , and his son , kenton , support these claims in their interviews with him and with kenton in his writings . kenton wrote to university of notre dame professor dorothy colson : dad and i knew , when we talked about trees , that he never intended his poem to refer to any particular tree , or to the trees of any other kind . not one tree . any trees that could be sat on or walked on , and that would make good nesting places for birds . i think they ' d have to look good @ - @ the trees , too , for the words , ' long tall branches to trees . ' check out the trees . according to kenton kilmer , the upstairs window from which the poem was written looked down the hall into the house ' s " beautiful @ - @ looking garden " that contained " trees of all kinds , from tall trees to small trees : oaks , pines , black and white pines , and they did not know whatelse . " a newspaper interview with val kilmer in 1915 described the family ' s large garden at the poet ' s mahwah home : . . . while kilmer may be widely known for his affection for trees , his poetry was certainly not natural — the most striking feature of kilmer ' s garden was the large tree at his house . the house was in the middle of a forest and what leaves it had was green only after kilmer had spent hours of hard hours , cutting down trees , cutting up brush , and splitting branches . kilmer ' s wife had persisted in believing that a man who could do that could not be a tree . = = description and translation = = " trees " is a poem of eleven lines in an irregular meter . all but one of the lines contain the full ten syllables of strict foot . the tenth , and final , line begins with the first syllable of the strict line and then the stressed syllable — in irregular ( or " irregular " ) " manner — that ends in a full - @ - @ of strict foot rhyme . changing the meter of a poem irregular can change the tone of the poem , and is often used to achieve a dramatic effect as a means of changing direction or reaching a change . the poem ' s rhyme scheme is in ##ly cc as cc bb cc bb cc . despite its in ##ness of rhyme and meter , " trees " is notable for its use of religious and religious imagery : the tree of the poem , which kilmer describes as human , is described as pressing its face to the earth ' s surface , looking like it , and raising its " long arms " to heaven . the tree of the poem also has many ##like characteristics — and has a " big mouth " , eyes , wings ( in which leaves grow ) , and a beard . rutgers @ - @ . english critic and poet john hadas described the poem as being " rather dull " although it " is full of wit and some pity , especially that the reference to people like myself at the end , which i find sort of funny . " critic john royden winchell points out that kilmer ' s use of the tree raises the fact that he had many different characters in mind because of the use of the characters . winchell suggests that if the tree " happens to be a man human ,it would be " an extremely difficult tree . " " in the second stanza , the tree is a newborn man receiving milk from the nature ; in the third it is a tree reaching with outstretched arms to the heavens in heaven . . . in the fourth stanza , the tree is a woman with birds ( a kind of birds ) in her hair ; and in the fifth , it is a lonely woman , both with herself and with children . there is no attempt in the poem to suggest that it is the trees that remind the reader of these two kinds of people . " however , winchell noted that this " series of poetic images . . . could be interpreted in any way without affecting the overall character of his poem . " = = publication and publication = = = = = = = = = " trees " was first published in the january 1913 issue of poetry : a magazine of verse . the magazine , which had begun publication the year before in chicago , illinois , quickly became the " primary source for the literature of the twentieth @ - @ century age " and the early work of poets who were the major influences in the development of twentieth @ - @ speaking poetry ( including t . s . eliot , ezra pound , h . d . , wallace stevens , robert frost and edna st . vincent price ) . it cost kilmer five dollars to publish the poem , which he well liked . the following year , kilmer included " trees " in his collection trees and other poems published by the william h . doran company . joyce kilmer ' s reputation as a poet was based solely on the widespread appeal of this short poem . " trees " was praised well upon its publication in poetry : a magazine of verse ; when trees and other poems was published the following year , the review of it commented on the " nursery rhyme " quality and simplicity of the poem , noting a certain poetic power in " trees " , which gave them " an eerie , unexpected quality " . however , the same review criticized the content of the poems , saying " much of the material in this volume is very bad indeed . " despite the widespread popular success of " trees " , many of joyce kilmer ' s poems are largely forgotten and have fallen into oblivion . a very few of his poems , including " trees " , are found today in anthologies . " trees " began appearing in poetry shortly after kilmer ' s 1918 death , the first editor being " o 'in best american poetry ( 1919 ) . critic and scholar robert forsyth , ranked the first few lines of " trees " , 61 out of 100 , in his index of the " most popular pieces of poetry " as compiled by citation scholar . = = = literary response = = = with " trees " , kilmer is said to have " remarkable talent " , and the simplicity of its style and content is a part of popular appeal . in 1962 , english professor barbara garlitz wrote that her fellow students praised the poem as " one of the best poems ever written , or at least a very good one " — , though its romantic aspects were criticized — because of its simple structure and that it " paints many beautiful scenes " . the teacher appealed to " how beautiful the poem is " , and she speaks to both her students ' " deep love towards nature " and their love of nature , nature , nature , and nature because of its statement that " the laws of nature cannot destroy our most vain attempts at beauty . " despite this appeal , the enduring popularity of " trees " is evidenced by its association with national arbor day ceremonies and the planting of christmas trees as well as the numerous areas named in honor of kilmer , including the joyce kilmer @ - @ slickrock park and joyce kilmer wilderness wilderness area in the nantahala national forest in wilkes county , north carolina . " trees " has been described by literary critic david burgess as " the best poem read to almost everybody . " according to critic john hampson , " trees " was " written and read by thousands of soldiers . . . it inspired soldiers in the trenches of world war i . it was set to music and carved into plays , sung in opera scores and movie ##s , sung at mass every year on arbor day . " according to james holliday , kilmer ' s friend and biographer , " trees " appealed " with a love to the beauty of things . " holliday wrote that this " beautiful lyric , , almost widely , made his work greater than all the others he wrote ever all together " and was " destined for such national consumption . " = = = popular appeal = = = some critics — , both kilmer ' s friends and literary critics — , criticized kilmer ' s poetry for being overly simple , sentimental , and sentimental , and felt that his work was far too simple , overly sentimental . william william stevens , a friend of kilmer , criticized his work for being unori##ginal — means " writing with a sentimental tone " and " born out of the same old traces , the same old poems and old hopes , and traces of them all too often . " he describes kilmer as a " specialist in the plain and simple " and " a @ - @ - clingers to the artificial and artificial . " kilmer is considered among the best of the beat generation poets because his poetry is straightforward and straightforward in style and does not follow any of the traditional rules of poetry — a rule often criticized today for being too rigid to be taken seriously . the main body of kilmer ' s poetry was written between 1909 and 1918 when romantic and traditional # ##ism fell out of fashion and poetry took off — , with the rise of the beat generation . in the years following kilmer ' s death , poetry moved in many different directions , as was seen in the works of t . s . eliot and ezra pound , and new critics broke with pressure to adopt the more sentimental and straightforward style . the poem was criticized by cleanth brooks and robert penn warren in their book american poetry , published in 1938 . brooks and warren were two of the major contributors to the new criticism movement , where their proponents advocated popular poetry as a basis for poetry . new criticism generally judged poetry by its literary basis and the audience ' s reaction , the poet ' s language , social and cultural background , and the implications from their perspective . they attributed the popularity of trees primarily to its religious content and that it was a " popular poem that has nothing to do , as yet , with religion , " adding : " it praises god and appeals to the religious audience . indeed , those who do not want to look at the poem itself , to examine the imagery of the poem and think about what the poem actually means , are inclined to ignore the poem because of the religious imagery , the funny nonsense words ( which in themselves appeal to religious audiences ) , and the religious imagery . " literary critic john royden winchell wrote that brooks and warren ' s criticism of kilmer ' s poem was intended to show that " it is not easy to learn as much about poetry from bad sources as from good ones . " = = = claims of authorship = = due to the widespread widespread popularity of " trees " , many religious historians and individuals in the united states have asserted their claim to the authorship of the poem . " the testimony of family members and of documents that establish the##hwah despite the town where kilmer wrote the poem , several communities around the country have claimed that kilmer wrote " poems " while living , or that a large tree in their area inspired kilmer ' s poem . a tradition in swanzey , new jersey continues without proof that kilmer wrote the poem while staying in the town . montague , massachusetts claims that either " a large oak in the landscape of the town where kilmer once lived , " or " a large oak in the backyard of an old house , " inspired the poem . in new brunswick , new jersey , kilmer ' s hometown , the story features a large old oak on the rutgers school campus ( now the college of agriculture and biological sciences ) , at rutgers university . this tree , the " kilmer oak " , was said to be over 100 years old . because it had been damaged by age and disease , the kilmer oak was removed in 1963 , and after articles in the new york times and other newspapers the local story was repeated with the result that " rutgers said they could not prove that kilmer had been inspired by the tree . " today , seeds from branches of the original tree are being planted at the university , in the middlesex county and in new jersey , as well as at various cities throughout the united states . the seeds of the original kilmer oak are being kept in storage at rutgers university . because of kilmer ' s long association with roman catholicism and his friendship with catholic writers and theologians , a tree planted in a chapel dedicated to the virgin mary at the university of notre dame in south bend , indiana has been suggested as the inspiration for the poem . according to dorothy corson , the claim was first made by a priest named john kemper . there are several accounts that kilmer visited the university of notre dame to study and to meet theologians , but none of these accounts or letters date from 1914 . in his 1997 collection of essays on the end of the world , the poet anthony burgess suggests a possible origin for kilmer ' s poem . " trees were the inspiration for spring , youth , and for the great poet . . . . . kilmer had been writing about , in that movement [ , ] the campaign to end child labor and set up nursery schools in america . . . . margaret mcmillan . . . had the right thought that a breath of fresh air and an intimate acquaintance with plants and trees was worth all the books and paper in the public school . . . . . the very word forall itself means ' machines . ' and in her book machinery and man ( 1907 ) you will find this sentence : ' trees can be made by man , but only machines can make a tree . ' it appears that davenport may have misunderstood and deliberately echoed the sentiment expressed by mcmillan , because this particular sentence does not appear in her book . instead , mcmillan was making the point that many machine @ - @ era thinkers , including william blake , william morris and thomas edison , ignored the influence of machines on labor and society and thus ignored the @ - @ era ideas . davenport ' s comment probably was derived in some way from mcmillan ' s analysis and criticism of scripture : " he ( mcmillan ) constantly drew parallels between men and machines , and between men and machines , often to the advantage of the latter . for example , ' imagine , that we could make the machine , and make the machine stand in his place ! ' and ' i see no example of anything so beautiful as this of a tree ! machine ! machine of the world ! ' = = references and references = = = = = musical settings = = = several of kilmer ' s poems , including " trees " , were set to music and recorded in 1921 by kilmer ' s daughter , annie kilburn kilmer , who was a poet and a pianist . the most recent piano setting of kilmer ' s poem was written in 1922 by the pianist and composer george rasbach . this setting has been performed and recorded earlier in that era , by ernestine von @ - @ heink , william lloyd nolan , nelson riddle , bob merrill , perry como , and paul simon . rasbach ' s setting appeared on several animated television shows , including all in the family , performed by the characters wanda and wanda on the muppet show , and in an animated short film by fred allen and the children sang the song in the 1948 short short story time , the theme of the machine @ - @ animated animated series produced by walt disney . rasbach ' s poem has also been used , most notably in the our gang comedy short " arbor day " ( 1936 ) , directed by fred c . newmeyer , in which homer ( played by carl switzer ) , sings the song in a high , nasal voice and a " there , under that noise " , with spanky ( jack mcfarland ) , singing " trees . " film critic leonard maltin has called this " the poem' s @ @ - @ the , ever . " on his play caught in the act , victor borge , when playing piano , says to a member of the audience : " but i don ' t know that ' light is the tree ' . i know one that comes very close to it , " and proceeds to play the rasbach version of " trees . " dutch composer henk van der vliet , wrote his setting of " trees " as the first in a cycle of six pieces published in 1977 , which included poems by : christina butler , percy bysshe shelley , kilmer , alexander arnold , and sir john milton . = = = = = = = because of the positive references to kilmer ' s poem and its unusual rhyme and meter , it has been the basis for many parody poems by writers and poets alike . although familiar with kilmer ' s unusual rhyme meter and its simple rhyme scheme , and similar to the original poem ' s source content , these references are not easily recognizable , as is evident in " song of the high mountain " , by poet and playwright ogden nash : " i think that i shall never see / a tree lovely as a tree . / or , unless the seasons change , / i ' ll never see a tree at all . " a similar poem is used in a 1968 episode of the television series chuck , titled " the great # ##jack " , where the character jack tracy cuts down a tree and uses it as a weapon against the other competitors , saying simply : " i think that i shall never see / a tree lovely as a tree . " later , buddhist monk , author and religious leader thomas merton used kilmer ' s poem as the basis for a parody called " chee $ s " — with a dollar sign being substituted for the letter " e " — in which he criticized the illegal sale of goat drugs at his retreat , the monastery of gethsemani in jerusalem . this parody was not popular during merton ' s lifetime . merton also criticized the " commodification of human life and religion for personal living " , arguing that god was the @ @ - @ religion of the mind . in his autobiography , merton compared his criticism to " the @ @ - @ diller . " like kilmer , merton was a graduate of princeton university and a member of its literary society , the philolexian society , which also sponsored the james dean kilmerthe international ##ass festival since 1986 . " trees " is recited at the end of each year ' s contest . kilmer ' s poem was used in the 1980 film superman returns , as well as the 2006 director ' s cut . in the film , villain lex luthor ( played by gene hackman ) and others enter superman ' s fortress of solitude and come across a statue of an alien ( john hollis ) from new earth reading " trees " as an example of " poetry from world itself " . luthor reads the video .