= fort glanville conservation park = fort glanville conservation park is a protected area located in the australian state of south australia , in victoria park , a northern suburb of adelaide consisting of a late 19th century fort listed on the south australian heritage register and the surrounding surrounds . the fort was built after more than 100 years of uncertainty in the history of south australia . it was the first major fort in the colony and is the best preserved and most intact in adelaide . fort glanville was designed by both major general sir william jervois and lieutenant general william scratchley , two important figures in south australian colonial history . when built it was intended to protect port adelaide ' s port and shipping on the port river from british attack . construction of the fort began in 1878 . it was officially opened in may 1880 and completed in 1882 . due to changes in the surrounding area and tidal movements , the largs replaced it for defence importance by 1890 . by the end of the 19th century , the fort was largely derelict and had little military value . it was still used for defence purposes during world war i and world war ii , but not for its original military purpose . for much of the 20th century the fort was converted to a variety of uses including housing , a public park and a boy scout camp . after passing into commonwealth government ownership in 1951 it was proclaimed as a national park and is now managed by the department of environment , water and natural resources ( dewnr ) ; preserving and showcasing its historical significance . the fort and surrounds form the northern half of the 13 @ - @ acre ( 13 @ - @ acre ) conservation park , the southern half of the national park . the fort is a square , artillery structure that was used by military batteries for muzzle @ - @ defence . when constructed it was seen as state of the art , incorporating ancient and modern technology . its main armament was two large muzzle @ - @ gun ( rml ) 16 and 15 pounder guns backed up by two rml 64 pounder 12 pounder guns , both still in their original configuration . the fort retains its original 19th century guns and these have been restored to working order . the glanville park association operates the fort under licence and holds open days in the park , celebrating the original days of the fort with military training and the firing of modern guns . the association , community groups , other organisations and community groups have all helped ensure the fort is kept in close to original condition . it is the most intact survivingoldest building in adelaide , and one of the few in the world that remains in operational condition . connecting the museum to the station is the adelaide and port glanville tourist train , a 457 mm ( 18 @ . @ 6 in ) gauge heritage steam railway operated by volunteers from the national maritime museum . = = historical significance = = in the early days of colonial south australia , the colonies saw themselves as part of the british empire and local defence as an imperial responsibility . the lines were long and the world ' s war ongoing . great britain had a military presence and she was expected above many to regard her enemies , including , as hers . for local defence , charles gawler raised the first military force in 1840 , composed entirely of volunteers and known as the south australian volunteer infantry brigade . it was granted the " royal " prefix in 1841 and the militia had all but ceased to exist a year earlier . the colony received its first artillery in 1847 with the purchase of 100 naval guns of various types . tensions between britain and the russian empire in the 1850s , which was demonstrated during the crimean war , along with the @ - @ political movement towards the @ - @ , prompted a revision of the colony ' s defence strategy . the two countries saw themselves as potential targets for the russian pacific fleet , then based in sydney . in 1854 , governor william young appointed a commission under john travers finniss to report on the defence of the colony , in case of invasion . young ' s report recommended a local defence in the hands of the royal government , and south australia was to receive a 500 ton field gun . local defence was to be largely provided by the relatively british regular army and local militia force , supported by the intelligence corps in 1847 . when the crimean war began in 1856 , the commission remained and the general concern for local defence continued with increased . for many years little further came forth from reports about defence of the colony . over time there was a consensus on plans for coastal defences and fortifications ; a position was recommended by the newly under investigation report in 1858 . ships were regarded as unable to enter the mouth of the murray , but they were required to land at anchor , blockade the harbour and use their guns to prevent it . the hart report recommended construction of martello towers at adelaide and glenelg , the young report to recommend permanent fortifications at adelaide , but these were built , due to the war . the first military forcewas raised in 1859 , with new and improved equipment for the infantry , cavalry and artillery . although there were a few bursts of activity and further revival in 1866 , by 1870 the force was virtually disbanded . in that year however , british troops were withdrawn from the other australian colonies ; most were by now stationed in western australia . with no permanent defence plan , by 1864 the government had sought advice from captain parkin of hms victory and captain sir william wiseman commander of the australia station ; both were british naval officers . they both recommended coastal defences for the state supported by artillery . sir wiseman ' s report also recommended construction of forts at fremantle , port arthur ' s head and points in between . in 1864 a rumor circulated , fueled by popular opinion , that there was a threat of the russian navy attacking australia should australia and britain find themselves at war . the south australian press published an article criticizing the perceived lack of defence . within months £ ##4 @ , @ 000 ( a $ 1 @ . @ 1 million in 2005 ) was allocated by the government for defence , an amount generally regarded as insufficient for military operations . the year passed without any lasting defence policy despite the government ' s in @ - @ 1877 review of sir wiseman ' s report . to reduce costs , the victoria lighthouse was to be built on , as it was considered the most suitable . the studies continued and six 4 @ - @ m ( 230 mm ) guns were ordered , but poor cost estimates caused the project to be abandoned in 1868 . during the early 1870s south australia ' s defence was heavily dependent on the british navy , and had few artillery were remained during the war years . british troops had been withdrawn from the australian station in 1870 , leaving the state dependent on its own military forces . in a report to the government in 1866 , captain freeling and lieutenant general scratchley recommended establishment of a permanent defence force . in 1876 the south australian government , along with those from new south wales , victoria and queensland requested from the war office that lieutenant general sir william jervois , a noted british military engineer , be appointed to report on defence policy . he arrived in adelaide , in @ - @ 1877 with a - captain scratchley . the 1877 report , published after he became south australian governor , called for three forts , at largs bay , adelaide and glenelg , connected by a plank bridge and supported by fixed artillery batteries , floating batteries and coastal artillery . he recommended that south australia ' s mosthis military strategy was an attack by one to two armies rather than a single force , and this formed the basis of the new fort design . his plan called for a barracks to be added to eight , an electro @ - @ 500 wireless station be built on torrens island and that a torpedo battery be built . in january 1878 the parliament passed the military forces act , which provided for the establishment of a permanent military force and militia . two army mounted rifle companies were raised in 1878 and a coastal artillery battery in 1882 . at this time marino , with its lighthouse built in 1860 , was the state ' s main landing point for shipping and goods . it had a signal station ( built 1872 ) and a large signal station ( built 1875 ) . it was of great strategic importance for the state until the 1950s . when the decision was taken to build the fort , in 1878 , the town ' s population had reached over 250 @ , @ 000 . settlement spread to port adelaide , but shipping remained the dominant factor of the state , due to the development of the railway network . at this time adelaide had a population of over 200 @ , @ 000 . port adelaide was the main port for south australia , with over 100 ships arriving each year , and a resident population of over 200 @ , @ 000 . = = = = = scratchley had surveyed the various south australian defence site , and jervois and scratchley were jointly responsible for the final site design and construction . the northern fort was intended to guard both the entrance to port river and the harbour at marino . it was built on sandhills between glanville island and gardens , on a point called " cape malcom " — a site that is now used for the army base . the site was chosen so as to better protect ships coming to both the port river and the adelaide harbour ; and the second northern fort was to guard the entrance to the harbour itself . at the time of its construction it was intended as a threat against foreign raiders , particularly pirates . scratchley was offered to design the fort , the offer accepted by eyre in december 1878 , and he was also responsible for the construction of both fort glanville and fort largs . the plans were prepared by john bain moncrieff of the south australian army @ - @ - @ - @ engineer ' s department , assisted by scratchley at his adelaide office . moncrieff , at scratchley ' s request , was commissioned to design the construction ' spounder . plans for the forts were drawn in june 1878 , construction called for in august and the contract for fort glanville awarded in october to william robb of kapunda , south australia for the sum of £ 23 @ , @ 893 ##s 7d . construction began in 1878 and was incomplete in 1882 the fort was completed by 1880 . modifications were made to the fort during construction . some caused minor budget cuts and others made to provide maximum security , including a new @ - @ target position and entrance passages from adelaide road . by september 1880 all modifications were in place and the fort opened later the same year with an official opening ceremony on 1 october . in addition to guns , the target ship was placed on @ , @ 220 yards ( 3 @ , @ 200 m ) away and fired manually by the hands . a total of ten shots were fired during which one of the two remaining guns became ineffective . only one more shot was fired and the shells were able to range from 3 @ - @ 100 to 350 yards away . the fort ' s total cost was approximately £ 24 @ , @ 000 ( a $ 2 @ . @ 05 ##5 in 2005 ) consisting of £ 15 @ , @ 600 for the construction and the rest for accommodation and stores . at the time of its completion it was at the forefront of australian military technology , and was considered state of the art . when first built , it was known as the hart battery , later changed to hart fort and finally fort glanville at the opening ceremony . the name glanville came from the glanville house , home of john hart ( 1809 – 1873 ) , premier of south australia . hart had named the fort after his wife ' s maiden name ( nee glanville ) . = = = = = for the first year following its construction , the fort was manned by a detachment of the south australian horse , but only on occasion . this changed to the @ - @ 1882 when south australia ' s first permanent military force was raised . the fort became the headquarters for the south australian volunteer military force , comprising the colony ' s first volunteer force of one officer and 45 other ranks . part of the unit was trained at nearby fort largs from 1886 ; and , by 1889 the unit had grown to one officer and eight other ranks . this number grew to 150 of other ranks by 1892 and was by then known as the volunteer corps . the unit included thousands of volunteer @ - @ commissioned officers and men who were trained to join the king george v memorial nearvictoria , south australia . although some of the gunners served in the second boer war , the fort itself never saw action . captain glanville ' s gunners were called out in 1890 , ostensibly to assist the police with a wharf worker ' s strike in port adelaide . during this action no shots were fired and the gunners did not attack the police or troops . local defence acts were passed in 1886 , 1890 and 1895 but , until it passed into civilian hands in 1901 , the fort ' s local defence force was composed solely of volunteers . shortly after the federation of australia , a section of the royal australian artillery ( raa ) was formed and what had been the volunteer artillery became no . 1 battery raa . the fort was manned to some extent during world war i , with a full @ - @ - officer and six gunners serving as of august 1914 . official records and photographs show the fort operational to at least 3 @ - @ 1918 , but at this stage it is unclear if the guns were used to attack infantry . there is little in the way of surviving official records from the fort ' s operational period . they may have either been disbanded or returned to victoria after 1918 . the fort ' s log book shows it manned by a company of either the royal australian artillery or a section of the royal australian artillery . for the area covered by the fort , personnel ranged from 60 to 108 men of all ranks . several men who served at the fort are notable for their influence on its history : acting sergeant major william moritz , who later commanded the permanent force and was the volunteer artillery ' s first commander . sir henry gordon ( 1856 – 1929 ) , the fort ' s first commander and first lieutenant governor for south australia . gordon retired in 1914 as chief of the general staff , australian imperial forces . = = = = = the fort was designed as a gun platform , rather than a gun strongpoint . the tops of the guns combine to form a half @ - @ - window or turret . the guns ' primary role was to protect port adelaide and the harbour , rather than the fort itself , and the structure reflects this . it was designed to be used by the artillery , cavalry and infantry for full @ - @ defence and to cover communications . although the fort retains its original layout , the walls and glacis ( parapet ) have been removed and are now half @ - @ usable in some places . the levels have been raised to cycle paths and a car park , and the original curtain wall no longer exists . the approach road isand from the roads to the fort ' s front face . this route is now followed by the modern queen elizabeth ii walk , although the military road was diverted to the north . this walk connects the caravan park ' s visitor centre to the fort itself ; part of the military road can still be seen close to the fort . what was the muster ground is now taken up by the hotel and caravan park and a caravan park . it was cleared and extended in the 1880s for this purpose . what remains of this area , outside of the conservation park , was restored to its original appearance in 1993 , by a queensland government grant . in the 19th century , the muster ground was used for training of the local militia , and soldiers , who trained on the site . as such the fort ' s perimeter was protected with a wooden wall and fence . in 1881 a brick wall was constructed , further improving protection . much of the fort was removed in the 1950s ; much of the original wooden ##work is visible in the fort ' s interior . = = = = = = = the main fort wall is a circular horseshoe type structure . it has a 0 @ - @ . ( 0 ft ) high wall with 0 @ . @ 5 m ( 16 ft ) of stone and 0 @ . @ 6 m ( 20 ft ) of earth and a stone wall for the road itself . the wall is covered with native vegetation and , in both the 19th and 20th century versions , was closed to visitors to see this . the glacis provided some protection to the fort and was designed to incorporate the fort into the landscape . it surrounds the fort on the east , west and west sides and was set up draining the surrounding sandhills . the face of the fort — the sea — is steep and , with the front face of the fort , has a 24 ft ( 0 @ . @ 7 m ) wide slope that can be hit by case ##men from the caponier on the fort ' s parapet . the rear face has a gentle slope and was designed to be hit by case ##mates fired from the fort ' s 0 @ - @ - ##s . the eastern glacis wall was removed during the removal and development of the caravan park , immediately during world war ii . the western glacis is gone , but still exists , and the eastern glacis was restored in 1993 — showcasing the design of the glacis and the construction of the caponier . entry to the fort is via two gates at thefort ' s gate , gates gate between the barracks and the rear defence wall . these gates were removed and replaced over time and the 20th century alterations underwent extant . the manning parade ground or manning parade is between the defence wall and barracks , and the adjacent gardens . it was originally used for military halls , meetings and formal meetings . originally , when constructed , it was covered with gravel in the 1880s to overcome drainage problems . on the east side of the manning parade is the battery . this is a raised horseshoe shaped platform on which the observation could occur , and is accessed from the manning parade by steps and steps . after further modifications the sand hills south and west of the battery were cleared in 1882 , improving the fort ' s coastal defences and allowing the 64 @ - @ pound guns to use the main battery . this newly cleared area was used as a drill and mess area for the fort ' s mounted troops . a magazine , workshop , shed and gunner ' s house were also built south of the fort . the gunner ' s store was damaged by fire in 1895 and moved further south . these buildings did not survive into the 20th century . = = = gun position = = = on each side of the parade , north of the 64 @ - @ pounder position , are two large rooms known as the gun rooms . they were used for loading @ - @ to @ - @ and ammunition for the main batteries , and for armour ##y , which were stored in the 64 @ - @ defence wall ' s ditch . between the 64 @ - @ pound and the 10 " gun gallery are two small viewing platforms cut into the ground for battery observers to observe the progress of artillery shells . observation is either possible from here or from a smaller platform higher up the sand hills to the fort ' s rear . between the 10 " guns is a 64 @ - @ gun loading gallery that loaded shells and ammunition via a hydraulic system from the gun chamber . either side of the gallery was located the first fire control system for the 10 " gun . these control systems were unreliable and were removed in the 1970s , but the original system has been retained . the gallery is accessed from the manning parade and is located opposite the 10 " gun loading gallery . the announcements and lights originally installed have been removed but their remains are visible . the caponier ( gallery gallery ) extends into the ground between the rampart and glacis from the fort ' s north west corner . it is connected to the gunvia a tunnel , passing under the wall from the manning parade . for blast protection and ventilation the magazine was protected with concrete mortar . the caponier has rifle firing holes and was also protected from enemy rifle fire from the glacis . original plans show the caponier entering from the building ' s north side , and a door to the northern and the entrance . = = = = = = = the barracks consisted of two floors , with rifle firing holes on both sides . the windows were from the 1860s and were lined with iron bars . in 1885 the room facing the manning parade was enclosed with iron bars to keep the smoke out . these bars were removed during the @ - @ - restoration , and the building restored to original form . the roof was at first of , supported with 12 inches ( 30 cm ) of concrete mortar . this concrete floor collapsed and an iron roof was added in 1885 . the ground floor of the barracks contains the officer ' s kitchen and officer ' s mess room . the rear ( rear ) wall is also rendered , with a decorative feature known as " hornwork " , which protects the field of fire from the firing holes . some of the firing holes were bricked up during the war ; this has been only partly replaced during restoration . the barracks contained the officer ' s mess , canteen , no . 1 general store , laundry and officer ' s kitchen . the canteen provided basic food as well as a few items including coffee , tea and coffee to the garrison staff . profits from the canteen were used to purchase electrical equipment for the fort . the no . 1 ##llary store was used for storing types of electrical equipment , ammunition , torpedo tubes and ammunition . in 1887 an explosion in the barracks caused a number of casualties , both to the garrison and to the garrison officer ' s mess . the mess room and officer ' s kitchen were connected with a staircase , also added in the 1880s . it was not part of the original building . the staff room holds about 100 men . for training purposes it was used as for - sized units . a room is built into the western wall , on the north western side . this room is built into the middle of the wall and is used to store explosive charges . a room was built at the manning parade ' s eastern end in 1885 . it is now used as a training room for the firing hall during drill periods . originally , a guard ' s room and separate room connected by door to the largs. two to 30 men were to have been employed in the guard ' s house . when the site was converted to use as a public park the guard room was converted to an accommodation block . a toilet and shower block was also added in 1885 between the front and rear curtain blocks . = = = = = = plans for the fort ' s armament were drawn up by john wilson of the british war office . they called for four 9 in ( 230 mm ) 12 long tons ( 12 t ) protected 64 @ - @ loading ( rml ) guns , two mounted in turrets and one with cast iron shields . this type of heavy guns had never been used before and the project was abandoned due to the high construction casualties . two of the 9 in guns had been in south africa since c . 1868 following a british government survey , but were not included in the final 1877 design . the final jervois / scratchley design included the turrets and the shield . 10 @ - @ loading rml guns were ordered for two of the 9 inch , and 12 in 20 pounder rml guns for the siege guns . the 20 ton guns were chosen over the already existing 18 ton guns by jervois after he inspected the guns in 1877 , the decision influenced by the not - depleted state of the royal navy . jervois had originally ordered the 18 ton gun but cancelled the order and switched to the new 20 pounder when the latter was unable meet the requirement . he then adopted armstrong ' s muzzle traverse and protected loading system for the 20 ton guns . this new design of four heavy guns remains in use at the fort . = = = 10 in rml guns = = = the fort ' s current armament is the two rml 12 in 20 pounder guns — numbers 3470 and 3472 . they were built in 1879 by wg allen and sons and they used the armstrong ##s muzzle loading system . they were built to the 1878 design and mounted on steel trains . the guns had a 10 @ - @ inch ( 250 mm ) bore , a range of 5 @ , @ 1000 yards ( 5 @ , @ 900 m ) with a muzzle velocity of 2 @ , @ 630 feet per second ( 497 m / s ) and were capable of penetrating 11 inches ( 28 cm ) of armour at 1 @ , @ 000 yards ( 1 @ , @ 800 m ) . they fire 120 @ - @ pound ( 181 kg ) shells with a 100 @ - @ pound ( 392 ) of ) . although they were insufficient against large ships , they were regarded as suitable for the heavy guns that the fort was designed to handle . the guns weighed 12 long tons ( 13 t ) and carried by 4 @ - @ bank carriages . the guns were loaded either manually — using the woolwich ( hydraulic ) system — or via the hydraulic cable system . the derrick system allowed loading of the guns from under the top of the walls whereas the derrick system required at least two guns to be stationed on the wall ' s parapet . despite this the guns were not loaded for most of their service life as the hydraulic cable system was expensive and was expensive to maintain . the guns used a 6 @ - @ # ##tle and loading took about 15 minutes , a rate of fire that was only slightly faster than the hydraulic system . by 1902 the guns all each fired 219 charges , though not all at full charges with the guns firing only 18 at full charges . the guns and carriages were removed in 1937 as the gun carriages were difficult to pick , and were left in storage . the gun carriage and associated machinery were restored in 1997 with funds raised by the glanville veterans society volunteers racing for the annual grand prix . = = = 64 pounder rml = = = = = the lower battery are the two mark iv rml 64 pounder 64 pounder guns , numbers 462 and 463 . they are two semi @ - @ bank heavy guns weighing 12 - lb ( 6 @ , @ 29 kg ) with a 4 @ . @ semi @ - @ bank ( 76 mm ) thick diameter tube . they were built to the fort ' s 1867 design at the royal arsenal , woolwich , starting in 1872 . their primary purpose was to protect the walls and access to the fort . these heavy guns used an 8 lb ( 4 kg ) charge of gunpowder to fire a 64 lb ( 29 kg ) charge up to 4 @ , @ 000 yards ( 4 @ , @ 600 m ) . there are two brackets embedded to the parapet indicating that the two gun carriages were intended to be through , but this never occurred . the guns were fitted with two over @ - @ bank carriages . the lower carriage rings are the brackets used for the guns when used as artillery guns and the upper carriages are those that move the guns to the over @ - @ bank traverse position . in this general respect the gun carriages are considered to be the largest in the world . at the end of their military service , 1902 togetherthey had fired 1540 charges in total , though not always at full charge . they were recorded as firing only 300 effective full charges . by 1908 the guns were badly worn and the ammunition supply had become rusty . without so , the guns were removed from the fort in 1909 ; adelaide ' s city council then placed them in botanic gardens , north adelaide . they were returned to the fort in 1976 and mounted on new carriages of the original guns . they are the only field guns of their type still in service . the second gun ( number 463 ) fired 300 full charges in 1980 to celebrate the centenary of the first battery at the fort . this particular gun is used today by the members of the fort glanville veterans association ( fgha ) . the pair of field guns , where the only guns of their original size and type to come to light . although they were not fired in practice , the fort was only 40 feet ( 12 m ) above mean sea level which would have limited the range of the mark i laser guns used . = = = modern information = = = prior to 1895 two 8 @ - @ barrel ( 152 mm ) 64 @ - @ pounder guns had been purchased for use as small arms . this practice was banned by the authorities and the guns were scrapped . in 1895 the south australian ordnance board proposed that the guns be installed at fort glanville , replacing the 16 @ - @ guns whose old carriages were deemed available for storage . this arrangement would have greatly extended the useful life of the guns , at considerable expense . the two service branches , army and navy , could not reach agreement and the plan was abandoned in 1897 . the fort ' s ultimate fate is unknown , although a wreck found in the port area , suggested they may have been scrapped . two platforms were provided , about a mile due north of the fort , for two 8 @ - @ pounder field guns to provide coastal defence in case of an enemy amphibious landing . from 1890 the fort was equipped with two guns . it had an 1867 whitworth 5 @ - @ - rml field gun and a 12 @ - @ barrel 6 @ . @ - " 0 @ - @ " 16 ##less nordenfelt shells . the 5 @ - @ gun had fired 222 effective full charges by 1902 ; by which time the guns were scrapped and their ultimate fate is unknown . a 6 @ - @ barrel 2 long tons ( 32 @ , @ 800 m ) field gun with a cast wooden carriageoriginally built in 1878 . acquired by the royal navy in 1806 , it was the first " field gun " and came to south australia with two nearly british guns . by 1902 no exhibition was available for it and it was used as for export only . the gun was probably scrapped in the 1930s — possibly at the end of the war — with pieces of such a gun still on site in 1983 . in the late 19th century the state had three 9 @ - @ pounder rml mark iv field guns . they were also used by a battery , south australian field artillery from 1880 until 1901 . gun number 288 is preserved and used for test purposes by the historical society . also preserved is a 9 @ - @ pounder rml whitworth field gun made in 1867 . it was also used by a battery , and at fort largs as a field gun . it is one of only two of this type known to exist , the other in the united kingdom . the visitor centre has two 16 @ - @ pounder british naval field guns made by j & j smith in 1819 . they arrived in south australia in 1857 and were used for rifle practice at the fort c . 1860 ; one is known to have been on the antiquities list in 1890 but its location is unknown . they later became the guns at fort largs , moved in 1919 to in the jervois room of the state library of south australia . the art gallery of south australia acquired them from a 1941 wartime storage yard and displayed them as two brass cannons in front of parliament house in 1962 . the gallery bought them back in november 1977 and gave them to the history trust of south australia in 1988 . the history trust also transferred them to fort glanville for display . in the visitor ' s centre is an 8 in ( 200 mm ) 4 @ - @ 1 , very lb gun ( 4 @ , @ 80 mm ) gun ( no . 4242 ) that was built in 1884 and tested in 1886 . the commonwealth scientific and industrial research organisation ( csiro ) donated it to the museum in 1966 for display , later selling it to the park , mile end . in 1984 the csiro donated the gun to the state . = = original gun = = work commenced in 1882 on fort glanville ' s second battery fort largs — , known as the port adelaide battery — to the same design as fort glanville ; the parapet and outer curtain walls were completed in 1885 . the fort had previously been designed elsewhere , including for the new battery at glenelgwas not proceeded with . south australia was experiencing a drought in 1886 and that coincided with a report by sir john bevan advising on plans for the new adelaide battery . as early as 1888 the responsibility for defence of the south river had been shifted to fort largs ; a fact cited as part of the reason for closure of the glenelg battery . from this point fort glanville ' s importance declined rapidly . fort largs was replaced in 1889 with two 6 inch 64 @ - @ pounder machine guns which replaced glanville ' s guns . the decline was largely due to improvements in port adelaide ' s port channel and the increasing increased importance of loaded and passing ships . during the 1880s the port channel was widened allowing larger ships to slip into and out , rather than the previous practice of docking on @ - @ shore . the fort remained the part of south australia ' s permanent defence forces until the 1890s and as late as 1895 there were further attempts to remove the 12 @ - @ loading guns , but without success . by 1901 the fort was operating on a temporary basis , and no permanent troops were stationed . the federal government assumed responsibility for south australian defence in 1903 and took over the fort . fort glanville by then played no permanent military role , the government paid £ ##6 @ , @ 739 in compensation . from that time its significance was not directly recognised but remains the largest and best preserved 21st @ - @ pounder battery in south australia . = = 19th century = = = = in 1901 south australia ' s defences became a federal responsibility . although some militia and cavalry troops were stationed at the fort on occasion , by 1903 there was no longer a permanent military presence at the fort . for most of the 20th century the fort was abandoned and largely abandoned . it did see some activity though not always of a military nature . during world war i it was briefly used for temporary civilian hospital , with ammunition storage on site . during the same period , the army used it as a temporary barracks . part or all of the site was used for residential use during the great depression . during the 1930s the fort was again used , this time to store small arms ammunition . from about 1931 until the outbreak of world war ii the fort became the army scout camp , and was used as a summer scout @ - @ camp for the boy scouts . the ministry of defence reported in 1937 that much of the machinery and equipment at the fort were surplus to requirements . prior to this the guns and magazines for the 10the guns were removed and sold for scrap ; although work was made to remove the guns it proved unsuccessful and they were left in storage . in an unusual turn of events , the fort also housed refugees . in @ - @ year refugees from the fort were rescued from their local ship by a train bound for wallaroo . they stayed at the fort for a month in 1938 , until rescue could be arranged . during world war ii the fort again saw military military activity . during 1944 the depot and training establishment at port wakefield made use of the converted to british model qf 3 inch 64 @ - @ machine guns manufactured by general john holden in woodville . the fort was never used as a barracks again , with at least two soldiers reported as living in the 64 @ - @ ground area during the war . after the war , the state government negotiated with its federal partners to regain control of fort glanville . this resulted in the 1951 purchase of the 64 @ - @ ground ( 26 ha ) site , which was then administered by the state tourist board as a caravan and caravan park . the park included the parade ground of the fort and the fort ' s main building was used as the caretaker ' s residence . the caravan park has had three owners since 1951 : until 1981 it was managed by the national parks and wildlife service ( npws ) , by woodville council until 1986 and then by a private company under a 16 @ - @ acre lease . a major factor in the fort ' s management and heritage status was its listing as a historic place under the archaeological and historic places protection act , 1972 . up to then there had been little awareness of the importance of the fort in terms of the state ' s cultural heritage . management of the site was transferred to the national parks and wildlife service ( npws ) , and the fort and park became known as fort glanville caravan park . the national parks conservation scheme provided funding in 1975 for restoration work ; npws undertook this work in the same year and the caravan park site was extended south . although the fort had long been abandoned , there was no structural damage to the fabric . during the 1980 restoration , much of the timber was removed . the replaced timbers are very visible as they have deteriorated , with some holes that were still present in the original structure . the city council agreed to remove the 13 @ - @ machine ##s and their ones were installed ; replacing those from over half a century earlier . at a ceremony on 1 may 1980 , the 50th anniversary of the fortafter firing , one of the 2 @ - @ s was fired successfully ; and a commemorative plaque was added to the fort ' s gun ' s barrel . shortly after this , the fort glanville historical association was formed , and was incorporated in 1981 . fort glanville was opened for public visitation in 1981 . as part of south australia ' s sesquicentenary , the south australian heritage trust fund provided $ 250 @ , @ 000 for work on the fort , including construction of a visitor centre . queen elizabeth ii visited and visited the fort , and the adjacent visitor centre , for half an hour on 31 december 1986 . for the queen the historical association permitted firing of both the 68 and 68 @ ##s . the visitor centre was officially opened a year after this visit . governor dame margaret court renamed the main road " queen elizabeth ii way " in a 1991 , , marking the 50th anniversary of the queen ' s visit . all major restoration work has been undertaken on the fort , including the fort ' s restoration . the part of the parade ground that is located in the conservation park was restored to its original purpose in 1993 . = = fort and military museum = = fort glanville conservation park is one of south australia ' s most important heritage sites . it is the only site in the state , and in australia , for showcasing victorian era architecture and fortifications . the site is listed on both the south australian heritage register and the national women ' s heritage register . it is also significant , in architectural and international terms , for its association with jervois and scratchley ; two were colonial military theorists who shaped australian military policy in the late 19th century . the fort is very well preserved with high quality materials ; qualities that have been cited as key to its preservation . the fort is largely intact and in good condition and is , along with the fort in victoria , the best preserved jervois @ - @ scratchley era fort in australia . it is the only surviving british fort to still retain some of its original armament , and the only to have a full military history museum . its sister fort largs does survive , in a reduced condition , albeit for use as the south australian military museum . the fort retains its original armament ; something that is virtually unique in australia and worldwide . the conservation park is in the locality of adelaide , at the southern end of the lefevre peninsula . it covers approximately 5 hectares ( 12 acres ) and is bounded by beach and beach road , the old malcolm road and the2 . the site is now public land and is administered by the dewnr . it is divided into its two halves with the northern containing the fort and the southern half containing the caravan park . although it is administered by the dewnr , the fort glanville conservation committee and fort glanville historical association are also involved . the committee is chaired by the minister for environment and heritage and serves to advise the minister and work with the association . as of 1988 , the fort receives over 20 @ , @ 000 visitors annually , and is used as an event venue for the annual centenary of charles sturt day day . the historical association is an independent group of volunteers who operate the fort under licence from the state . the volunteers operates the fort and visitor centre , with regular public open days during which the history of the fort is recreated ; this includes historical demonstrations and demonstrations of the fort ' s armament . the volunteers maintains detailed records of the fort ' s operational history and various tickets . the association ' s aim is to keep the fort open as a fully operational facility for recreation , education and research . the association are involved with conservation , living history and conservation events at the fort . they served as guests of honour at various state government functions and at the official ##s of the fremantle , south australia festival , and the @ - @ - @ celebration of the battle of fremantle in keyneton , victoria . the fort has living history exhibits , with the fort laid out and described in military style . the visitor centre has displays on the history of western australia ' s coastal fortifications from 1836 and items found on site during wartime . connecting the fort to the tower is the fort and fort glanville heritage railway , a 457 mm ( 18 @ . @ . in ) gauge steam railway operated by volunteers from the fremantle maritime museum . the railway opened in may 1992 and , as of 2002 , carried approximately 20 @ , @ 000 visitors annually .