= truth in numbers ? = truth in numbers ? everything , according to wikipedia is a 2010 american documentary film that explores the historical and cultural implications of the popular , long @ - @ editable encyclopedia wikipedia . the film explores the question of whether ordinary individuals or specialized experts should be tasked with editing the encyclopedia . the encyclopedia ' s history and content are interviewed , along with commentary from wikipedia founders jimmy wales and larry page . journalists that appear in the film include author howard zinn , len downie of the washington post , bob schieffer of cbs news , former encyclopædia britannica director robert mchenry and former central intelligence agency director james woolsey . the film explores issues that cast a negative light on wikipedia , including the essjay controversy and the wikipedia edit controversy . the long @ - @ documentary film premiered at wikimania 2010 in chicago in september 2010 , and was screened at the paley center for photography in new york city in october 2010 . it was shown as part of the savannah film festival on november 10 , 2010 , at savannah college of art and design ' s studio theater . truth in numbers ? received a positive reception , with positive reviews from writer ted leonsis , of the aol blog urlesque , and praise at the sundance film festival from matt serrano of cnn . = = = = = truth in numbers ? everything , according to wikipedia , an american documentary film , explores the historical and cultural implications of wikipedia . the film explores wikipedia as a new medium of information and knowledge exchange . the filmmakers attempt to answer the question of whether ordinary individuals should be tasked with editing information for use online , or this should be left up to specialized experts in specific areas . the film provides an overview of the history of the encyclopedia , as well as background information from founder jimmy wales . wales is shown editing wikipedia with an unnamed journalist , who points out an error in the article . wales attempts to show the filmmakers how to edit the " opinion " section of the website . wikipedia founder larry page is interviewed in the film and speaks out against the encyclopedia ' s use of contributions from the general public as opposed to just expert opinion . journalists and political figures that appear and are interviewed in the film include author howard zinn ; len downie , ( former editor of the washington post ) ; bob schieffer ( cbs news ) ; robert mchenry ( former director of encyclopædia britannica ) ; james woolsey ( former director of the centraladvertising agency ) ; chris jones ( reporter for time magazine ) ; cade metz ( reporter for the guardian who has written articles about wikipedia ) ; richard branson and noam cohen . the film documents an organization in asia and africa called " wikipedia africa " . events depicted in the film include the essjay controversy , where a user of wikipedia made false statements about his african heritage ; and the wikipedia entry controversy , where these statements were incorporated into the wikipedia entry for author michael seigenthaler . " film @ - @ himself commented on the controversy after writing his article about wikipedia : " i would say to you , these are the facts . they are not true . " = = = = = = = = production = = = the idea for the film came from a suggestion by david ferris ##s , who had seen the 2005 documentary 24 hours on craigslist . gibson , executive producer of the film , worked with film @ - @ director nic hill . gibson documented hill ' s experiences while making the film . the working title for the film was based on wikipedia : the wikipedia project . gibson sought to fund the project through a request for funding from private investors ; the wikipedia project received about us $ 1 @ , @ 000 in private donations . the production team made their initial work on the project available to private investors via the website www . wikidocumentary . org . a development team focused on the project was created by wikia , hosted at wikidocumentary . wikia . com . regarding his development efforts , gibson stated to the san francisco chronicle , that " the donations from private investors showed little interest in his project . = = = = = = = production began in october 2006 at the wikimania 2006 festival , and by january 2007 the film had over 24 hours of footage . film @ - @ and hill visited gibson during 2007 , accompanying him as he traveled around the world . they assembled a film @ - @ documentary film crew and traveled to china , russia , india , south africa , korea and japan , interviewing editors and writers . hill , himself an editor of wikipedia , wrote an article about a japanese artist . gibson and hill had interests in the technical and technical aspects of film @ - @ , and invited david glosserman to join the project . glosserman ' s involvement with the project began during the 2007 – 2008 writers guild of america strike . once glosserman signed on , the complexity of the project became apparent . the film ended up taking an additional two years to complete .glosserman joined the team . eric koretz served as director of photography ; he joined the team during a break in filming in early 2008 . koretz used a panasonic re @ - @ hpx500 p2 hd ##d . he explained to the website videography about the change of camera , that due to the length of the production team ' s budget , digital editing would not have been an option . he said he preferred the p2 hd over the hdd @ - @ video camera due to its greater resolution . during the editing process , new digital cameras replaced the apple macintosh computers with intel processors , along with apple ' s final product digital editing software . = = = = @ - @ = = = = glosserman and the rest of the production team worked together to put together the script for the film ; they put their focus on answering the question : " how did wikipedia relate to the internet ? " they also wanted to provide opportunities for interested people wanting to learn about wikipedia ' s structure and content . people were sought out , including the founder of the museum of the internet susan jacoby , to discuss wikipedia ' s commitment to being open about its subject matter . glosserman said in an interview with indiewire , " we wanted to find people with different solutions for each side of a particular issue because our goal was to be interesting and to help the audience make up his or her own mind . " the narrative structure of the film what the hell do we know ! ? served as an inspiration for glosserman during the editing process . as a re @ - @ focus production , the film had raised more than $ 100 @ , @ 000 in funding by april 2009 . = = = = = the premiere for the film was originally scheduled for 2007 , for 2008 and 2009 , before its 2010 release . portions of the film were screened at wikimania 2007 in gdansk prior to its release . many in the audience had mixed opinions about the film . in 2008 , footage from the film was used in an online fundraising campaign for the wikimedia foundation . the film had its premiere at wikimania 2010 in gdansk in september 2010 , with an audience of about 500 people . a trailer for the film was released in september 2010 . the film was screened at the paley center for film in new york city on october 1 , 2010 . it was shown in conjunction with the william j . batscha ##k lecture series . the paley center also hosted an online video conference — the 2010 sundance film festival and panel question@ - @ and @ - @ videos for international and american audiences . the panel discussion was hosted by the new york times journalist noam cohen , and featured the three @ - @ directors , in addition to wikimedia foundation president samuel klein and wikipedian in residence for the internet , liam murphy . following the screening , snagfilms media made the film available for rental for six months to view in the united states . the film was screened at the sundance film festival on october 23 , 2010 , at otis college of art and design ' s fox theatre . it was scheduled for a limited theatrical release in the united states on november 1 , 2010 . = = = = = wales wrote positively about the film in 2007 during post newsweek , and wrote , " director nic morris is making what appears to be a great documentary about wikipedia and wikipedians alike . " however , wales wrote negatively about the dvd and , in a letter to prnewser . com felt the film was short due to its length . he felt that the film was biased towards relying on expert opinion and did not give much attention towards the people involved in the wikipedia community . wales wrote to the wikimedia foundation watch blog , " the film was poorly received in america , and it felt very out of place . " larry king said he thought the film was , " not too bad , from what i understand . " wikimedia foundation board member samuel klein wrote , " in fact , i liked the film a lot , after showing it for the first time , to a completely different audience ( and seeing their mixed reactions ) . " chris wales , the editor of wikimania 2010 , wrote that the film appeared to take a largely negative point of view towards wikipedia , " the film gives a lot of weight to the superficial and superficial nature of criticism , and on an individual level , it comes off as a negative @ - @ wikipedia , contrasting the positive @ - @ wikipedia arguments of older people with the naive arguments of younger wikipedians . " comedian ted leonsis wrote positively about the film , on his blog , let ' s wikipedia , describing it as , " a great documentary about the wikipedia community . " he wrote , " this is a must see film , a great film . you gotta watch it to be more positive ! " john d ' addario reviewed everything in wikipedia ? everything , according to wikipedia for the aol inc . blog , urlesque . d ' addario wrote , " the film raises many questions about the, is very funny . " he dismissed the film title stating , " truth in numbers ? will not be coming out soon . " d ' addario concluded his review by stating that at the time of his review , the wikipedia entry for the film was under threat of being removed : " according to the website , the entry for truth in numbers ? is being considered for removal – , belongs to several other entries on the site , and is an ' anomaly . ' given the nature of truth in numbers ? , which has an interest in wikipedia with three @ - @ - ##ness on many of its points , this is either not surprising or not surprising at all . " in his review for the sundance film festival , glenn serrano of variety noted that while the subject matter covers a lot of space , it is an interesting narrative : " seems like a lot to put down to the film , but the film manages to make good use of its 90 minute running time . " serrano commented on the presence of john hurt during the film , " in the end , i came out of the film thinking of him as a three @ - @ eyed man , very much a man with issues , neither being good nor bad . to be honest , this is very unusual for a film like this and not a strong contender for the festival . " serrano praised the film , and concluded , " this is indeed a great film . . . . this film is well worth a watch . is ’ very funny , well made , and offers interesting ideas on wikipedia that help the film remain relevant . "