= = mario land = super mario land is a 1989 side @ - @ scrolling platform video game , the first in the super mario land series , developed and published by nintendo as a launch title for their game boy handheld game console . with gameplay similar to that of the 1985 super mario bros . , but designed for the new console ' s size , the game takes mario to the top of the stage by turning to the left and right between stages to avoid obstacles and obstacles . unlike previous mario games , super mario land is set in sarasaland , a fantasy world featured in the game , and mario meets princess daisy . the game features new gradius @ - @ scrolling difficulty elements . at nintendo president hiroshi yamauchi ' s request , game boy developer gunpei yokoi ' s nintendo r & d1 released a mario game to promote the new console . it was the first handheld version of mario and the first to be developed without mario himself and yokoi employee shigeru miyamoto . however , the development team designed mario gameplay specifically for the console and used gameplay elements taken from the original . super mario land was used to promote the series until nintendo of america replaced it with the game hardware . the game released on the game boy advance in japan ( in 1989 ) and later internationally . super mario land was later rereleased for the nintendo ds via the console in 2011 , as a launch title , which included minor changes to the game ' s gameplay . initial reviews were mixed . critics were impressed with the original super mario bros . , but criticized its short length . they named it among the best of the game boy advance titles . the new game was an instant success and super mario land has sold over one million copies , more than that of super mario bros . 2 . both contemporary and later reviews praised the game ' s graphics . later reviews were critical of the changes made during development and of super mario land ' s departure from nintendo standards . the game spawned a number of sequels , including the 1992 super mario land 2 : the last days , 1994 wario ##ware : super mario land 3 , and 2011 super mario 3d ##s , although many of the game ' s elements were not changed . the game was included in several later game boy honor lists and featured princess daisy as a playable mario party character . = = gameplay = = = a side @ - @ scrolling platform game and the first in the super mario land series , super mario land features a similar gameplayto earn credit : super mario , the player advances to the end of the level by turning to the left and jumping between walls to avoid obstacles and obstacles . in super mario land , mario travels to sarasaland to rescue princess peach from tatanga , an evil monster . ten of the game ' s three levels are " @ @ - @ , " gradius @ - @ style , where mario pilots a ship or ship and launches torpedoes towards various enemies and obstacles . they end with a platforming challenge to find an emergency exit just before the main exit . the challenge leads to a bonus minigame that grants extra points . unlike previous mario games , which take place in the mushroom kingdom , super mario land is set in sarasaland and decorated with original drawings . mario meets princess daisy , making her castle , rather than the more ' princess in distress , princess peach . koopa ##s : rather than freeze , mario throws tennis balls rather than darts , and @ - @ end enemies , @ - @ s are represented by buttons , and the forced @ - @ end enemies are replaced with a platforming challenge . other elements remain from previous mario games , such as balloons suspended in air , tunnels that lead to other levels , and goomba ##s . = = = = = super mario land was developed by nintendo r & d1 and published by nintendo in 1989 as a launch title for their game boy handheld console . nintendo president hiroshi yamauchi knew that video games needed well , and when the company released the game boy advance console , he wanted a video game that would promote nintendo ' s mascot , mario , and help sell consoles . the job went to nintendo r & d1 , a development team led by game boy designer gunpei yokoi . yokoi had previously developed the game & watch series and worked with his friend , shigeru miyamoto , on the game that inspired mario , donkey kong . super mario land is the first super mario game , the first super mario game , and the first in the series to be developed without miyamoto . under miyamoto ' s involvement , the development team incorporated elements new and unfamiliar with the series . super mario land dropped out of the series to fit the new console ' s touch ##screen . yokoi , the founder of r & d1 , served as producer , and satoru okada served as director . they had previously developed metroid ( 1986 ) and kid mario ( 1986 ) respectively , and the twonintendo developed the game , — yokoi on its hardware design , and okada on its gameplay . their super mario land was seen as the new platform ' s best game until henk ##lund showed it to nintendo of america and told minoru arakawa that the handheld puzzle game would help nintendo reach the american audience . the company then decided to replace it with the game boy game . the game boy was released in japan in april 1989 , north america in june , and europe in january 1990 , and super mario land was its debut title . the game ' s official first release was on june 30 , 1989 , in japan , and its north american release was in 1990 . over 20 years later , super mario land was released for the nintendo 64 via virtual console on october 22 , 2011 , as one of its first titles . other new features include an increased difficulty ( with 50 % reduction ) and an updated " shades of green " color scheme to match the color of the original game boy ' s screen . = = = = = ign described super mario land as a " smaller " and simpler version of super mario bros . ign ' s kevin thomas felt that the levels , characters , and the world were smaller , and noted that mario himself was only 30 centimeters in size on the game boy ' s main screen . with this in mind , thomas was concerned about causing " errors " during rereleases of the game . however , ign ' s levi buchanan felt the game made a difference to the height difference . at the time of its release in 1989 , people were thrilled to play a super mario game . steve williams of computer and video games called the game " an incredible game in your hands " and the levels " impressive " for their time . video gaming power crash magazine wrote that super mario was was worked where possible to bring mario to a portable platform . electronic gaming monthly ' s steve jones called the game " excellent " and " very fun to play " , albeit incomplete . jeff semrad and donn nauert of the same publication have called super mario land " arguably the best game boy game " of the series . ign ' s gus turner wrote that the graphics were " impressive " , and official nintendo magazine said the game was " very easy " . eurogamer wrote that the game could be completed in half an hour . complex ' s gus turner wrote that the game lacked the variety , intuitiveness , and depth associated with the original , and tony williams of superplay said the game showed that nintendo' s game boy " has playability to match " its predecessor . john regan of mean machines wrote : " playability to the highest degree ! " gaming sites mean machines and the @ ##pot ##holes commented on the game ' s number of tracks to unlock . eurogamer ' s chris harris called hirokazu tanaka ' s score " another one of the most @ - @ mario classics " , and official nintendo magazine said it was among the " best videogame soundtracks ever made " . player one , eurogamer , and ign also praised the soundtrack . player one also called super mario land a " masterpiece " , " the pinnacle of super mario music " . following the game boy ' s " commercial success " , super mario land sold over two million copies — more than that of super mario bros . 2 . = = = = = the title began the super mario land series of super mario games . super mario land 2 : the last days introduced a new @ - @ mario overworld and introduced wario , the evil version of mario , as the game ' s antagonist . the sequel wario land : super mario land 3 continued the wario series . after two years , the 2011 sequel super mario 3d land for the nintendo ds was mario ' s first game in full 3d . audrey brown of ign felt that both wario land and super mario 3d land were not " worthy games " , and felt that the game felt more like " super mario bros . 3 with mario franchise elements " than a sequel to super mario land 2 . super mario land is known for its new super mario characters and " takes on just about every mario franchise theme " . many of these gameplay characters would not appear again in the series , making super mario feel dated compared to the rest of the series , and what ign ' s reviewer described as a " complete departure " . ign ' s jason thomas wrote disappointed that super mario land was the most new mario game , with " vast shades of space " and color instead of the " more traditional " mushroom monsters . mean machines was also put off by the dark elements , high difficulty , and the occasional color scheme . ign ' s travis fahs felt that the game was simply not as " fun " as super mario bros . 3 . mean machines felt as if it was not " a great mario game " , not considering a relatively low review rating , and " in fact , not even a sequel " . eurogamer 'scott ##nk felt that mario was more — mario , with less character — and that the game was " unique and daring " for the time it took . ign ' s thomas cited " out of character " gameplay elements in the shooter levels , exploding koopa shells , non @ - @ princess enemies , and the @ - @ princess daisy ##es as missing from the original . he attributed this to mario and miyamoto ' s lack of involvement in the game ' s development , which he described as " playing non @ - @ style " . thomas of eurogamer also noted the game boy ' s graphical limitations . but he also was disappointed by the giant turtle , lion , and moai man characters , and called the exploding koopa shells a " dirty trick " outside of the series ' original gameplay . super mario land ' s shooter levels , unique to the series , were not included in subsequent mario games . and later mario games such as super mario land 2 have retained the game ' s shooter stages and added the larger lotus ##ball level for the original game ' s bonus stages . the game was included in several lists of best game boy games , and official nintendo magazine ranked it at 58 in their top 100 nintendo games . following her appearance in super mario land , princess mario reaffiliated as luigi ' s princess and appeared in subsequent mario party action and adventure games .