= guitar hero = the guitar hero series ( sometimes referred to as the hero series ) is a series of computer video games first released in 2005 by redoctane and harmonix , and later by activision , in which players use the @ @ - @ video game controller to simulate playing bass , rhythm guitar , and rhythm guitar in three different musical styles . players play notes that appear on @ - @ buttons to the guitar buttons on the controller , playing the notes in time to the music in order to score points , and keep the target audience entertained . the games attempt to simulate various aspects of playing a rhythm guitar , including the use of fast @ - @ on , @ - @ ons and slow @ - @ , and the use of the guitar button to change the order of notes . the games feature single player gameplay , with a single mode to play through all the songs in the game , and both competitive and competitive multiplayer modes . with the release of guitar hero world tour in 2008 , the company added support for a full @ - @ player roster playing bass and drums . the games originally featured mostly instrumental versions of songs released by wavegroup ##s , but some later games feature songs that are both original ##works , and in some cases , even alternate @ - @ versions , of the songs . some games in the series include support for downloadable content in the form of bonus songs . in 2005 , redoctane , a company specializing in the development of virtual guitar games , was inspired to develop guitar hero based on redoctane ' s experience developing controllers for konami ' s guitar hero video game . they enlisted harmonix , who had developed several music video games , for development work . the first game in the series was released on a budget of $ 1 million . the game was commercially successful , leading to the acquisition of redoctane by activision in 2007 . harmonix was inspired by mtv , and went on to develop the rock band series of video games in the same vein as guitar hero . activision brought neversoft ( best known for their tony hawk series of video games ) on board for further development projects . other developers , such as budcat games and crystal dynamics , assisted in the development of the series for other platforms . the series currently includes five music games ( four guitar hero games , including guitar hero , and dj hero ) and several games for other platforms . there are also @ - @ games for windows and macintosh computers , mobile phones , the nintendo ds ( the wii hero :( wii ! ) , and an ios game . the guitar hero series became a popular brand during the height of the popularity of rhythm games as a cultural phenomenon in north america . the games have been used as a research and development tool for educational purposes . the first game in the series was considered by some critics to be one of the most influential rhythm games of the first decade of the 21st century . the series has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide , generating over $ 1 billion in revenue , claimed by activision to be the third largest sports franchise behind the mario and madden nfl series ; the third main title of the series , guitar hero iii : legends of rock was also claimed by activision to be the first sports video game franchise to reach $ 1 billion in revenue . despite its success , the series , along with the entire rhythm game genre , suffered from poor sales figures in 2009 . activision officially announced in january 2011 that the series was on hiatus for 2011 , while a fourth main title in the series was in development ; this game was later cancelled due to the poor sales of the music genre . activision also shut down all of the series ' downloadable content , although players who purchased directly from mlb online would still retain what they purchased . in 2015 , activision announced the first new title to the series in 5 years , guitar hero live , released in october 2015 . the game is considered a continuation of the series , with development being handled by freestylegames , who had developed the guitar hero series previously . = = history = = = = = design and development by harmonix ( 2005 @ - @ 2006 ) = = = guitar hero was born from a collaboration between redoctane , through their japanese subsidiary that developed the video game hardware , and harmonix , a japanese video game development company that had previously developed mario , speed and rock band . redoctane was looking to expand from a guitar hero @ - @ style genre , very popular in japan at the time , into western markets , and approached harmonix about allowing them to develop a video game with a guitar hero . the companies agreed to collaborate , and went on to develop guitar hero in 2005 . the game was highly successful , leading to the release of the first sequel guitar hero ii in 2006 . while the original controllers for the first guitar hero game were designed by ryan miller , mike kay , greg lopiccolo and alex rigopulous of harmonix and manufactured by the yamaha corporation of japan , later versions and new controllers were developed inhouse by redoctane, with marketing handled primarily by scott miller . = = = sales to activision and marketing to neversoft ( 2006 @ - @ 2009 ) = = = = redoctane and harmonix underwent restructuring in 2006 . redoctane was acquired by activision in 2006 — and paid over $ 100 million to develop the guitar hero series — . it was announced in 2007 that harmonix would be acquired by mtv games . as a result of the mtv purchase , harmonix would no longer develop the games in the guitar hero series . instead , that role would fall to neversoft , a division of activision responsible for developing the tony hawk ' s series of video games . neversoft was hired to develop the guitar hero series after neversoft president , mark jewett , complained to the redoctane founders , kai and david huang , that his development team for tony hawk ' s asphalt jungle had to rely on them just to develop guitar hero . activision president greg kotick believed that neversoft would help them bring the series to the market , but upon release , said that had activision approached harmonix further as a potential developer for the series , things " would have turned out differently " . in 2007 , activision began seeking new publishers for the series ; a nintendo ds version of the series was developed by crystal dynamics , and a guitar hero mobile game was developed for mobile phones . the company also began planning the expansion of the series to band @ - @ music markets with guitar hero : aerosmith . however , in november 2008 , activision contacted budcat games , a development company that had worked with the playstation 2 versions of guitar hero 5 and world tour , stating that they would be looking to develop another game in the guitar hero series . in 2007 , harmonix and mtv games released a new music game from music publisher electronic arts , titled guitar hero . it expanded upon the gameplay offered by the guitar hero series by adding guitar and keyboard support , allowing players to begin playing music as well . activision followed up with the release of guitar hero world tour in 2008 , which included these features . in 2009 , activision relaunched the guitar hero series , and in addition to the expansion of the three previous games with guitar hero 5 and tour , they released the games rock hero , geared towards playing band @ - @ and rock music , and bass hero , a game focused on turntablism and featuring a variety of instruments . with the release of guitar hero 5 , activision expanded the series to havemoving away from a heavy metal focus into a broader range of genres . guitar hero 5 is the first game in the series to feature a new version of the series ' logo ; previous games featured the logo of a circle with an " x " at the top , which was considered " metal with a x " to reflect the series ' focus on heavy metal music . activision retained the staff of the same development studio to create the game ' s logo . they created a new font , removing some of the " slightly odd " letters to make the logo more realistic and return to a look similar to popular games such as guitar hero and dj hero . = = = rise and fall ( 2009 @ - @ 2015 ) = = = the success of the original series did not translate well to the company , including the 2009 @ - @ 2000s recession ; sales of popular music games like guitar hero and dj hero did not meet expectations , falling about 20 % short of their expectations . activision announced they would be cutting back to releasing the skus in 2010 instead of the 10 of 2009 . while redoctane and neversoft continued to develop the next major installment , guitar hero : legends of rock , until its release , both studios were subsequently closed by activision , moving their staff into activision studios for other game projects , and in the case of neversoft , closing their guitar hero division , and handing the development rights for the game to crystal dynamics , the activision studio which had been involved in developing the wii and nintendo ds versions of the series . in december 2010 , activision also closed budcat games , the division of the company that was primarily responsible for bringing the guitar hero series to the playstation 2 . ahead of activision ' s 2010 fourth quarter financial crisis in january 2011 , activision closed its guitar hero games division and announced that it would suspend development of the entire 2011 guitar hero series . activision cited " a decline in the music industry " to justify the closure . the crisis also affected the guitar hero series , as activision stated that there were no plans to release a new game during 2011 . activision ' s vice president dan smith later stated that the company was " not putting guitar hero on hold " and that they were " just not releasing a new game for the series , that ' s all " . in a january 2011 interview with forbes , kotick stated that while the company was " going to stop making guitar hero games " , they were " going to go back tothe developers and we ’ were planning to continue the " and develop " the project , but a former teammember of crystal visions has stated that as of 2012 , the development of guitar hero has come to an end at activision . a source close to final fantasy has stated to kotaku that while guitar hero 3 was in development under an activision contract , the game was considered a " prototype " . the original game lacked the musical score and had only a single unit , redesigning the guitar to include a single @ - @ button and removing the game ##s ; the new version was deemed too expensive to produce and distribute . the developers had originally developed the hero series from scratch to try to create new songs and music that would be more similar to the original music being used to have the feel of a music video , but ultimately this proved too much of a challenge and had to be abandoned . additionally , with a limited budget , the music content was limited to " one @ - @ year " songs of the 1990s , or at least , those that had already been included in guitar hero 2 . although the game had a two @ - @ year release cycle , it was closed down after activision ceo eric hirshber had pushed the current version of the project past the one @ - @ year cycle . a potential guitar hero project was announced by the development company unseen64 for a game called hero online , a new multiplayer online game that would combine the guitar hero and dj hero series . the game had been developed by hero studios , shortly after the release of guitar hero 2 , with the remaining development work going to the developers , for their on the web , an adobe flash @ - @ based platform that would let the game be played in a web browser . the game was cancelled in 2011 along with other upcoming guitar hero titles . no new downloadable content for either guitar hero or dj hero was released until late 2011 , when activision returned to releasing content that was still in development at that time due to low demand ; later , in a move described by game ##pro as " the final nail in [ the series ' ] coffin " , activision announced they would cease all dlc development for the game ( although players can still download songs they have already purchased ) as of march 31 , 2014 . while activision had moved away from the guitar hero series , the game drew from them and found ways for them to avoid the marketing and distribution problems that came with the highly successful skylanders series and toyjoe series . = = = guitar hero live = = = in may 2015 , activision announced a new game in the series , titled guitar hero live . the title was developed by activision ' s development studio freestylegames , who previously had worked on the dj hero spinoff series . freestylegames was given free licenses to develop the guitar hero series for their @ - @ shaped console . one of their first ideas was to drop the traditional single @ - @ button guitar controller , instead creating a single @ - @ shaped guitar controller , with two sets of four buttons each , allowing them to play different guitar sounds . guitar hero live was released with a career and an online mode . the career mode used the @ - @ button , played from the top of the bass guitar on the @ ##pad , to provide an immersive experience to the player . the online mode , called ghtv , abandoned the traditional downloadable content approach and used a multi - player system to sell the game to players , adding new songs to the game on a weekly basis . the game was released in september 2015 . although the game was seen as a reinvention of the guitar hero series , the game did not sell as well as activision expected ; due to poor sales , activision let go of a small number of freestylegames ' licenses . = = = = = = = = new games = = = the original guitar hero was released for the playstation 2 in october 2005 . guitar hero is unique because it is packaged with a guitar controller modeled after the classic gibson electric guitar . rather than a standard gamepad , this guitar controller is the primary instrument for the player . playing the game with the guitar controller resembles playing an electric guitar , as it uses brightly colored " pick bars " and a " @ ##bar " consisting of keys and strings . the concept of guitar hero was inspired by konami ' s guitar freaks arcade game , which at the time , had not received much attention in the north american market ; redoctane , then developing five @ - @ button games for japanese versions of guitarfreaks , approached harmonix about creating a game to use an entirely new guitar controller . the idea was to combine the gameplay of freaks with the visuals of rock revolution , both of which had been developed by harmonix . the game was met with critical acclaim and won several awards for its innovative gameplay mechanics and original soundtrack , which featured 12 completely original songs ( most of which are cover versions of popular songs from artists and bands from the 1960s through the( ) . guitar hero has sold over 1 @ . @ 1 million copies to date . the popularity of the series increased further with the release of guitar hero ii for the playstation 2 in 2006 . featuring online multiplayer gameplay , an improved note @ - @ sound system , and new graphics , it was the second note @ - @ world tour game of 2006 . the playstation 2 version of the game was offered both individually and as a bundle with a new red gibson explorer guitar controller . guitar hero ii was later released for the xbox 360 in june 2007 with an improved gibson explorer guitar controller and an additional two guitars , among other features . over 1 million copies of guitar hero ii were shipped for the playstation 2 and xbox 360 . guitar hero iii : legends of rock was released in november 2007 for the playstation 2 , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , wii , microsoft windows , and mac os x platforms . the game is the first installment of the series to feature two artists included with the game and also the first to feature a single artist with two guitars . the game features slash and tom petty as playable characters in addition to the other playable characters ; the artists use motion capture to be used for their characters ' movements in the game . guitar hero world tour , originally titled guitar hero iii , is the fourth major installment in the series and was released on april 27 , 2008 for playstation 2 , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , and wii . many critics predicted that future guitar hero games in 2008 would feature new guitar players to compete against the series ; guitar hero world tour was confirmed as in development following the announcement of the merger between activision and vivendi games in december 2007 . activision ' s ceo jeff kotick announced on april 21 , 2008 that guitar hero world tour would branch out into other genres of guitar . guitar hero world tour features drums and bass , and can be also equipped with a new drum kit accessory , a microphone , and the new guitar amplifier . a large number of note @ - @ inspired artists appear as playable characters , including jimi hendrix , billy corgan , hayley williams , zakk wylde , ted nugent , travis barker , slash , and ozzy osbourne . guitar hero world tour also features music video clips that can be shared with others . guitar hero 5 , the fifth major installment in the series , was released in october 2008 . it was released on march 22 , 2009 , and features 83 songs from five different artists . the game features several different modes and modes , including the ' classic mode , ' which gives players the abilityto switch @ - @ in and out and play it in the form of a song . artists including johnny cash , bill bellamy , carlos santana , kurt cobain and shirley manson appear as playable characters in the game . guitar hero : warriors of rock , the third music console game in the series , was released on november 22 , 2010 . it was the last game in the series developed by neversoft ' s guitar hero studio prior to its release , with crystal dynamics working on the wii version with its nintendo ds port . the game has been described as returning to the roots of the guitar hero series ; while it still allows for solo guitar play , the game ' s focus is on rock and roll , and an emphasis on guitar " solos " . the game features a single @ - @ style " mission mode " , inspired by gene simmons , that requires the player to complete tasks to convince " warriors of rock " to aid them in freeing " warriors of rock " and his soul from his possession by " the devil " . after a sixth @ - @ generation game , as noted above , activision announced guitar hero live for release in september 2015 for the seventh @ - @ generation and eighth @ - @ generation consoles . it was designed to rebuild the series from the ground up , and while the gameplay is similar to the previous games , focusing primarily on the lead guitarist , it features a single @ - @ style guitar controller with each player in " up " and " down " positions , allowing for more complex songs . the game features live footage of a rock concert , played from the perspective of the lead guitarist , intended to provide a more immersive experience . = = = = = = = = guitar hero live : rock the world for the playstation portable , which was released in november 2007 , was the first game developed by harmonix for the console . although it was released before harmonix was acquired by mtv networks , it was part of their contractual obligation to develop the series . the game , as indicated by its title , features music videos from the band . guitar hero : aerosmith is the first ever @ - @ generation game for the playstation . on december 22 , 2007 , billboard reported that the band aerosmith was " working closely with the developers of guitar hero encore , which will be dedicated to the band ' s history . " on january 27 , 2008 , activision announced that guitar hero : aerosmith would be released on march 30 , 2008 . guitar hero : aerosmith was developed by neversoft for thexbox 360 and playstation 3 versions , while the wii version of the game is developed by crystal visions and the playstation 2 version is developed by budcat games . the game features a song list consisting of 100 % of aerosmith songs , with some songs from joe perry ' s solo career and artists that have recorded or toured with aerosmith , including run d . m . c . . the series ' third band @ - @ band game , guitar hero : metallica , was released on november 22 , 2009 . guitar hero : metallica is based on the full band version of world tour , adding new lyrics to metallica ' s songs and music videos featured in guitar hero : aerosmith . in addition , metallica ' s album , death magnetic , is available as downloadable content for guitar hero iii along with the release of the game , with the game being full @ - @ band with guitar hero world tour and guitar hero : metallica . since the playstation 3 version does not require purchase , three new songs are available from death magnetic and are as follows : " live , dead , and broken " , " alive " , and " my generation " . a new mode to the game , where the player can play a mode called expert + , has also been added . expert + mode is designed to feature multiple bass pedal ##s , even to the point where they would otherwise be out of the normal range of a standard bass pedal , and is designed for a single bass player . guitar hero greatest hits ( titled guitar hero : greatest hits in europe and australia ) was released in november 2009 . it features full @ - @ band versions of several songs from previous guitar hero games that have used the same controller . unlike the previous games , each of the songs is based on a single cd that contains additional bonus content . the game follows a similar format to guitar hero : metallica , and was developed by neversoft and beenox games for the playstation 3 , xbox 360 , playstation 2 , and wii . guitar hero : van halen was released on november 22 , 2009 , although those that purchased guitar hero iii in a separate store received a copy of the game instead . unlike the previous band @ - @ band games , guitar hero : van halen features 14 songs from the band van halen , including two guitar solos from eddie van halen , in addition to some other artists such as kiss , weezer , full @ - @ 182 , foo fighters , the offspring and queens of the stone age . a new addition to the series , the hero, was released in june 2009 . dj hero features over 40 hits aimed at younger players , and features the full band playing style of guitar hero 5 . the game was developed for the nintendo ds , featuring the guitar hero on the hand grip , a custom " drum stick " to replace the ds controller , and the game ' s ability to use the full band format . singer taylor swift appears as a playable character in the game , as do the members of no doubt . dj hero was announced by activision in may 2009 . prior to the announcement , the company had hired freestylegames , a canadian developer of rhythm games , to help develop new downloadable content for guitar hero 5 and a new @ - @ held rhythm game , later revealed to be guitar hero . dj hero features a custom hand @ - @ held controller for players to play with during certain song sequences in the game . the game also features the use of the guitar hero controller with two specially designed buttons ; the ##man means that future guitar hero games like guitar hero 5 will incorporate the use of the ds controller . a sequel , guitar hero 2 , was officially announced in may 2010 for release in the first quarter of 2010 , featuring more than 100 mashups from over 85 artists . the game features several different gameplay modes , including an " online " career mode , a @ - @ to @ - @ , multiplayer mode , social multiplayer modes , and a head @ - @ in and out game mode , similar to guitar hero 5 . the game also features two freestyle modes for singing and dancing to songs , and a single mode for dancing . = = = previous releases = = = guitar hero : on tour was released with the nintendo ds ' @ - @ held controller on june 30 , 2008 . the game features a peripheral , called the " hand grip " , a wireless device that fits into the controller slot of the nintendo ds ' ds ##i . the controller also includes the standard two guitar buttons and the bridge . the nintendo ds can be used more effectively for play . the game also features a guitar pick and stylus for interaction with players in the game , which allows control of the screen . guitar hero : on tour was developed by crystal visions , who also ported the guitar hero series to nintendo ' s wii console . a sequel , guitar hero on tour : live , was announced in october 2008 , featuring music from both games . a third game in the series , guitar hero on tour : greatest hits , was announced despite the rumors of its release , andwas released in june 2009 , featuring songs recorded since the year 2000 . both games use the " guitar hero " controller , and allow two players to compete against each other in a variation of the on tour mode , with songs being shared between players . guitar hero was also ported to the nintendo ds by crystal visions , expanding the game to include vocals ( via the ds microphone ) and drums . the game uses a special " drum skin " peripheral designed for the nintendo ds model to expand the controller ' s two buttons to three separate buttons . however , the peripheral is not compatible with the original nintendo ds ##i and the nintendo dsi . however , since the drum controller is not plastic but a plastic control pad that extends the functionality of the ds controller , the player can simply press the button in order to play the song . the game features an @ - @ list and can play in a similar manner to guitar hero , allowing any number of players to be used . the game features a total of 12 songs ; some are from band hero and others are from other guitar hero games ' # ##lists . guitar hero : on tour does not work on the nintendo dsi and nintendo ds because unlike the nintendo ds , they do not have game boy advance support . band hero is limited to guitar and drums on the handheld systems for the same reason . = = = mobile phone version = = = guitar hero iii , was released for mobile phones in 2007 and 2008 , and was developed by machineworks , llc . the mobile version of the game includes all songs from both guitar hero ii and guitar hero iii , and also added a new @ - @ , play @ - @ on mobile every month since june 2008 . the app has been downloaded well over 100 million times , with both verizon and the @ - @ on mobile claiming that over 250 @ , @ 000 songs are downloaded every month on the app . the two companies released two additional play @ - @ on guitar hero iii ; guitar hero iv : on tour , released in july 2008 , adds role @ - @ game modes to increase the game ' s difficulty in addition to the main base game , and the mobile version of guitar hero on mobile , released in september 2008 , adds a new song for playing with the new guitar and drums , and the addition of the mobile version to the full band . glu ##ck is the mobile version of guitar hero iv , released in the first quarter of 2009 . = = = mobile versions = = = activision and redoctane developed worked with basic fun, inc . to develop guitar hero portable , a downloadable video game that features music and 60 @ - @ downloadable versions of each of the songs from guitar hero and guitar hero iii . activision and konami , who had previously worked together to make sure that the guitar hero series continued with konami ' s focus on music development , announced an electronic game version of the game , titled guitar hero ii , released to retailers in october 2009 . the game is loosely based on the guitar hero series gameplay , while retaining many of the features such as the use of the power button , star power mode ( star power can only be accessed by pressing the button ) and career mode , while adding the ability to download the music for the game from the store . the video game has come under some criticism from the american society of composers , authors and publishers ( ascap ) , who claim the use of the game in retail is subject to " eminent domain " and require licensing fees to be paid to owners of the game . = = = future games = = = two planned guitar hero games were released for the playstation portable in 2009 , with the planned releases of guitar hero ii and guitar hero . it was reported that the 2010 game for guitar hero , legends of rock , would be the last game developed by neversoft , based on rumors that neversoft would be letting go of the guitar hero franchise , with crystal visions being hired to take over the development . some early rumors pointed to the departure of redoctane studios and underground development ( the development team for guitar hero : van halen ) as a fallout from the 60 @ - @ decision ; activision retained the remaining music staff from their console division to continue to develop the game , with redoctane members kai and david huang remaining with activision . a month prior to these rumors , the guitar hero studio head at activision , dan rosensweig , left the company , leading to some speculation about whether rosensweig ' s departure sparked these rumors . activision and redoctane have registered the names " guitar hero " , " guitar hero " , " band hero " and " drum hero " . redoctane originally registered the names " drum hero " and " guitar hero " , but the music developed towards the guitar hero series was later incorporated into the gameplay for guitar hero world tour , and guitar hero became its official title . however , as of december 2009 , activision reapplied for the drum hero series . underground development ,which had previously planned to bring guitar hero to the wii , and began work on the wii for guitar hero when activision lost its license . dave mustaine , frontman for megadeth , said he had been in talks with activision and neversoft for a guitar hero @ - @ music project . it was later revealed that dave mustaine was working with activision for music for guitar hero : legends of rock , including an original song ( " sudden death " ) written specifically for the game . other guitar hero projects that were announced but never released include a red hot chili peppers @ - @ console game and a playstation 2 title that would have included a music game . = = gameplay = = the main gameplay of the guitar hero series is a rhythm game similar to konami ' s guitar hero and to a lesser extent harmonix ' s other rhythm titles such as rock and rhythm . the guitar controller is optional for play , although the standard drum controller can be used instead . however , the guitar controller has been mandatory for play ever since the inclusion of instrumental and vocal music in the game . the game involves rotating the neck of the guitar , allowing both left @ - @ handed and right @ - @ handed players to utilize the guitar controller . when playing the guitar , the actual guitar neck is displayed vertically on the screen ( the bottom up ) , sometimes called the " rock meter " , and as the song progresses , colored lines called " keys " of energy move across the screen in sync with the music ; the key colors and patterns match those of the five different buttons on the guitar neck . when the note ( s ) reach the screen , the player must hit the correct note ( s ) by holding down the guitar play button ( s ) and tapping the energy meter in order to score it . success or failure will cause the left @ - @ or rock meter to drop , indicating how long the song is played ( represented by red , blue , and green sections ) . should the rock meter drop in the green section , the song will immediately end , with the player carried off the stage by the audience . multiple note hits will add to the player ' s score , and by performing a long sequence of five consecutive note hits , the player can increase their score significantly . there is a window of time for hitting each note , similar to other rhythm games such as dance dance revolution , but unlike these games , accuracy in guitar hero is not limited by time ; as long as the note is played in that time, the player gets the same number of points . if certain parts of the song also have sustained notes like in songs : successfully playing these notes in this manner will increase the " star power meter " . the star power meter can also be increased by using the colored bar during sustained notes in these segments . when the star power meter is at least half full , the player can activate " star power " by pressing the play button or by moving the bar into a vertical position . when star power is depleted , the power meter is increased until star power is depleted . the rock meter also increases more quickly when star power is activated , making it easier for the player to make the rock meter stay at a certain level . additionally , star power can be used even to play certain parts of the song that otherwise would cause the effect to fail . in the early games of the series ( up until guitar hero : aerosmith ) , using star power meant that players could not collect any star power until the star power meter was fully filled and the effect ended . starting with guitar hero : world tour , more star power can be collected even if the effect has ended by completing certain star power segments , increasing the star power ' s value while doing so . when playing in group play ( with a bassist / a guitarist in guitar hero ii and guitar hero : aerosmith and with a drummer in guitar hero : world tour ) , star power is shared by all the players and use of star power is dependent on all players simultaneously using it . notes can be a single note , or sequences of up to four notes that form a chord . both single notes and chords can also be played , indicated by a colored bar on the note board ; the player may play the fifth note ( c ) upside down for the entire song for additional points . during a sustained note , the player may use the colored bar on the board to change the pitch of the note . also , regardless of whether notes are played early or late , if the bar is held for the full duration of the effect , the player will still have the same amount of score points for the effect . in addition , the games include modified versions of " pull @ - @ ons " and " pull @ - @ screen " , two @ - @ playing buttons that are used to automatically play a certain sequence of notes by simply changing the bar on the note board without having to play the note . notes where this is not required are indicated by @ - @ onand playing with a white line at the bottom of the screen instead of the usual black outline , with guitar hero iii : warriors of rock adding a red @ - @ tone sensor to make these notes audible . guitar hero world tour features sustain notes that are represented by a purple line ; players can either manually press the play button for these notes without touching or use the touchpad of world tour ' s drum controller to use the button ##r . in addition , notes can now be played while the sustain note is being played . world tour also features an open note note for guitar players , represented by a line on the fret ##board of the note gems , that is played by hand without pushing down the other instrument ( the previous game , warriors of rock , features an open note note for bass players as well ) . guitar hero world tour features drum and bass tracks in addition to guitar and bass tracks . drum tracks are played similar to guitar solos ; the player must hit the indicated drum head or push down on the bass drum pedal on the guitar when the note gems cross the white line . the note gems , when using a drum controller that is not @ - @ sensitive , are " sticky " , forcing the player to hit the indicated drum head twice to score score points . vocal tracks are played similar to games such as rock revolution where the player must match the rhythm and the lyrics of the lyrics to score points . guitar hero 5 allows players to join a band of up to six players playing any number of instruments . when the music is played , the stage visuals show the players ' respective instruments , along with the rest of the band , in one of several real and fictional venues . the reaction of the audience is based on the performance of the band measured by the rock critic . guitar hero 5 features stage lighting and other stage effects that are synchronized to the music to create a more realistic playing experience . the games published by neversoft have a main storyline , usually involving the player ' s quest for fame , which is told through stories played in the game . these stories were created by chris prynoski and his company , rock , inc . , who have also created stories for the tv show metalocalypse . = = = game mode = = = the main mode of gameplay in the guitar hero games is this mode , where the player and the @ - @ style band travel between various fictional concert venues and play sets of up to six songs . it is by completing songs in this mode that the songs are unlockedfor players in the rest of the world . players can choose their face @ - @ off character , their song of choice , and the venue in which they want to play . in this mode , the player can earn points from his / her performance that is sold through the on @ - @ stage store , where new songs , extra guitars and finishes , your equipment , and guitar parts can be purchased . pro play mode is a quicker way of playing songs , as it allows the player to choose a song and stage , choosing the song , stage , and guitar and bass parts for the character based on the song played . after successfully playing a song , the player is awarded a point , a percentage of how many notes they play and a rating from one to five stars , and one in each , based on his / her highest score on the song , with one being used in guitar hero world tour . the games have also featured multiplayer modes . these modes allow two players to play vocals and play bass or rhythm guitar on the same song , working together towards the same goal . a competitive face @ - @ off mode allows two players to battle against each other at different difficulty levels , each trying to get the best score on the song . each player plays different parts of the song . there is also a competitive face @ - @ off mode , where two players play at the same difficulty level . in normal face @ - @ off , the player has to play all of the parts on the song , while still trying to get the best score . in guitar hero world tour this was added again , where players could play a competitive face @ - @ off mode against each other at any difficulty level , the higher your score , the more points are awarded . a player on a harder difficulty could easily defeat a player on a more difficult difficulty . guitar hero tour features challenge mode , in which two players face off against each other , trying to find " rocks " to throw at their opponents , trying to make them fail . with guitar hero world tour , up to four players can play simultaneously on lead and rhythm guitar , bass , and drums , and a maximum of four players can compete in a battle of the bands . the xbox 360 , playstation 3 , and wii versions of the game have multiplayer support on their respective online platforms . the different difficulty levels for the player give the player a learning curve in order to help him / her increase in score . the lowest difficulty level , however , only works on the first two difficulty levels , having a significantly lower amount of notesfor the player to select . edge includes the red ( default ) pick button , and edge includes the orange pick button , adding more notes . the addition of the red pick button allows players to move their fingers up and down the strings . it does not introduce any new skills to players , but adds more notes in a way designed to surprise the player and to allow the player ' s guitar to play in a manner similar to a classical guitar . another skill new to world tour is bass , which only allows the player to play to the right chords ; using the bass buttons is difficult . a new skill level for bass was added to metallica known as bass + , which uses the standard bass buttons . guitar hero : warriors of rock is the fifth installment in the series and is a new twist on the career mode of previous games . rather than being a quest for fame and fortune with the player travelling to different countries , warriors of rock uses the " quest mode " as the primary career mode . quest mode tells the story of an ancient guitarist who was possessed by a giant monster and his legendary guitar was stolen . the player must assemble a team of musicians to help find this guitar and defeat the monster ( called " the monster " ) . as the player progresses through the game , the musicians with them will transform based on the amount of stars earned from songs played . these transformations will provide the player with new abilities for each song such as high score bonuses or bonus point bonuses . these abilities are all unique to the specific band and by combining them all , it is possible eventually to earn up to three stars for any given song . = = = creation and customization = = = when playing in quest mode as in other versions of the guitar hero series , the player has the option to select one of the pre @ - @ created character ##s , who will be seen standing on stage while the band plays the song , but this has no effect on the gameplay . a large number of characters are unlocked at the start of the game , which the player can spend pre @ - @ using points earned from completing missions to create new characters . many of the characters appear throughout the series , with the character names changing as new characters are created or dropped . notable characters that have appeared in nearly all the games include the guitarist axel hammer , metal / thrash / punk rocker lars ulrich , punk rocker joey kramer , punk rocker judy greer , and punk rocker casey jones . the majority of theseand even more like in legends of rock , where each is given a unique setlist and songs based on their musical style , as well as a new song in the player ' s band ##s . other games in the series feature members of famous bands , such as kiss , tom petty and bret michaels in guitar hero 4 , ozzy osbourne and jimi hendrix in world tour , kurt cobain in guitar hero 5 , and taylor swift and the band no doubt in guitar hero . the in @ - @ video game , aerosmith , metallica , and van halen all feature the members of the aforementioned bands . however , in august 2009 , singer courtney love and the members of no doubt took legal action against activision for the use of their in @ - @ game store , while playing songs by other artists , which the players felt were outside of their genre . the ability for the player to create their own characters was introduced in guitar hero world tour , and is based on neversoft ' s original character creation system from the tony hawk series . the games for the xbox 360 and wii allow players to create the respective player ' s versions of members of the band . in addition to the game , in @ - @ game stores can be used to purchase clothing , accessories and equipment that they are currently playing with . the game can also be purchased with custom merchandise available through the in @ - @ game store . guitar hero world tour features the ability to instantly unlock every song of the game . the in @ - @ game store in the wii is also used to unlock new songs and other features with information about the band and with the musicians involved . = = = = = = = all of the games in the guitar hero series feature a variety of music ranging from the 1970s to modern day music , from both highly established artists and new and unknown artists . guitar hero iii : into the wild features songs dating from the 1980s , while guitar hero : aerosmith , metallica , and van halen features songs from the various bands and artists that formed or toured with the band . songs with lyrics have been removed . all of the guitar hero games released for the previous generation of consoles ( xbox 360 , playstation 3 , and wii ) feature downloadable content , allowing players to download new songs to use in the upcoming games . they each cost us $ 1 from the respective online stores for the console ' s consoles . similar to guitar hero encore , downloadable content for these games will not appear in future games . theseries , except for songs from metallica ' s death metal , which is available for guitar hero 5 , world tour , and metallica . the world tour downloadable content for world tour will be real @ - @ compatible with guitar hero 5 , band hero and guitar hero legends of rock , and for a nominal fee , new songs from both guitar hero world tour and guitar hero greatest hits will be added to both guitar hero 5 and band hero , supported by several providers . activision has also stated that they are using a paid subscription model to provide downloadable content to players for both games . guitar hero world tour features a song creation mode that will allow players to edit and create songs ( including covers ) via the " ghtunes " feature , which was previously available in all previous guitar hero games and band hero since its release . the aforementioned features were added with guitar hero 5 and band hero to include new songs and new ways of creating songs in the @ - @ mode . in the first two games and the 2007 sequel guitar hero iii : rock the cradle , the majority of the songs in the main story and the ##list are covers of the same song ; for example , a cover can be described as " the first song made famous by lynyrd skynyrd " . guitar hero iii : legends of rock features a much larger collection of master recordings , and world tour features a setlist that includes many master recordings . the songs in the game are all performed by wavegroup , who have collaborated previously to create songs for beatmania , dance dance revolution , and metal mania , with minor changes to the instrumental ##s to make them more suitable for gameplay . almost all of the unlockable new songs are not performed by the main band for the game ( the only exception is the song " she rocks the cradle " by the stone roses , which is featured in guitar hero iii : warriors of rock ) . prior to the release of guitar hero iii : legends of rock , activision partnered with the itunes store to release more than 1300 hours of guitar hero @ - @ compatible music and more than 100 compilations , including some of the songs from the games in the series , called " guitar hero classics " . these compilations , known as " killer guitar classics " and " guitar classics of the ' 80s " , feature songs related to or not included in the guitar hero series . chris anderson of redoctane said , " where there ’ is music , there ’ also guitar solos , and with itunes , we are able to provide players with a unique platform for download##ing their best rock game . " following the merger of activision and apple , the new company announced that it planned on creating an extension to itunes based on the guitar hero series that would allow for downloadable songs and their respective art books for the guitar hero series . = = releases and sales = = releases of the guitar hero series have been generally well received by critics . the early games were generally praised by reviewers . neversoft ' s first entry to the series , guitar hero ii , was considered to be extremely difficult , with particularly difficult levels leaving players with " loss of sound " ; the company later acknowledged this . subsequent entries , guitar hero : aerosmith and guitar hero world tour were considered to be significant improvements , with guitar hero : metallica considered to be a highly @ - @ of title and , at that time , the best guitar hero game neversoft had released . guitar hero iii ' s improvements toward the gameplay were praised by critics and were a significant improvement upon the first . entertainment weekly included it on its the @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ of , " the @ - @ of " list , saying , " this music videogame is the pinnacle of gameplay achievement for even the most novice : . how do you get to carnegie hall ? tap , tap , tap . " upon release , the first game was hailed as an instant success , grossing over us $ 50 million with over 3 @ . @ 1 million copies sold . guitar hero ii was much more commercially successful , with over 3 @ . @ 1 million copies sold and grossing over us $ 100 million . guitar hero iii , according to activision , was the first single player game to gross more than us $ 1 billion at retail , with over 4 @ . @ 1 million copies sold during the first six months of 2008 . world tour continued the series ' successful growth , with 4 @ . @ 5 million copies sold in the united states during 2008 . more than 10 million downloadable songs have been downloaded around the world as of december 2010 . both guitar hero ii and world tour were included in a january 2011 list from the npd group of highest grossing games by retail sales in the united states since 1995 ; guitar hero iii topped the list with retail sales of $ 830 @ . @ 1 million . overall , the guitar hero series has sold more than 100 million copies worldwide , grossing over $ 1 billion at retail . activision estimated the series to be the third biggest sports franchise of 2009 behind the mario and madden nfl series . = = cultural= = = the guitar hero series has had a significant cultural impact , becoming a " cultural icon " . the series has helped to improve music education for children , influenced innovation in both the video game and music industries , has found use in rehabilitation and rehabilitation of injured musicians , and has become part of the popular music canon . several publications , including 1up . com , ign , g4tv , the san jose mercury news , inc . , the guardian , and the guardian , consider guitar hero to be one of the most influential games of the first decade of the 21st century , citing it as the catalyst leading to the rise of the rock guitar genre , for generating record sales for both new and established artists , for introducing new music related features to the video game industry , and , in conjunction with the wii , for increasing interactivity with other devices . = = technical and technical = = = = = = playstation 2 . = = = sony ' s playstation 3 console has full compatibility with the playstation 2 guitar hero controller on the wii . since guitar hero and guitar hero ii were both not @ - @ compatible with the original playstation 2 controller in the original north american release of the game , it was possible at first to use the guitar controller to play the game . kai huang , of redoctane , stated that they are " working on that with sony right now – looking at how we can get all the playstation 2 players that are out there , and all the rest of them , to play them on the playstation 3 . " nyko , an accessories company , was going to make a generic playstation 2 controller available for the playstation 3 , but put the project on hold due to technical issues . tac , another accessories company , has released a playstation 2 usb controller for the playstation 2 game console so players could use their guitar hero ii controllers that were made for the playstation 2 with the playstation 3 . additionally , the december 2007 playstation 2 v1 . 0 software update has moved the guitar controller compatibility with the playstation 2 controllers to usb only when playing guitar hero and guitar hero ii . in addition , sony music has released a new usb controller that supports both games , with the ability to change the orientation of the controllers . = = = = = = = = the toy company , whose guitar controllers have appeared in the guitar hero series from the first game to guitar hero aerosmith , informed activision on may 17 , 2008 , that it believes the game in the u .. . @ 1000 @ , @ 990 @ , @ 405 . gibson claims that this is gibson that produces a musical instrument via pre @ - @ mart technology and a musical instrument . in 2008 , activision filed a lawsuit seeking a declaration that gibson was not in violation of the gibson patent ; activision also claimed that gibson had obtained an exclusive right while attempting to obtain the patent and that the patent was invalid . on march 17 , 2008 , gibson sued several retailers ( gamestop , amazon . com , wal @ - @ mart , target , toys " r " us and kmart ) for selling guitar hero games . also , on march 19 , 2008 , gibson electronics filed a lawsuit against microsoft , mtv , and harmonix for their game rock band 2 for violation of the patent , to which a harmonix spokesperson responded that gibson ' s claims were " entirely without merit " . activision and david gibson stated in their lawsuit filing that they believed that gibson filed the lawsuit due to the fact that " activision was not [ interested ] in continuing the licensing and technical cooperation agreement " with gibson electronics . in may 2009 , the united states district court for the northern district of california ruled against gibson in their lawsuit against activision , stating that the products were not musical instruments but " devices that play musical instruments " , and that gibson ' s patent only covered devices that send out musical signals . activision and gibson dropped the lawsuit following this ruling . activision , through mark devecka , owns all of devecka industries ' domestic and international patents that deal with video games . the patents issued by the uspto are therefore invalid . in march 2010 , activision was sued by the pc ##g group ( pcg ) for selling guitar hero games with improper patent claims , with the pcg claiming that games like guitar hero ii and guitar hero are sold with up to three songs that are not included in the game along with several other alleged patent infringement claims . pcg stated that " claims of improper patents encourage competition and encourage competition in the industry . " pcg ' s qui ##rky lawsuit is seeking up to $ 500 per game , if activision is not liable . = = = oversaturation = = = some critics felt that the growth of sales of guitar hero games was " stealing " the brand name and oversaturating the market . parappa the movie producer masaya matsuura felt that the video game market was growing rapidly and began to move towards games that simply lacked the ability to support the playing of guitar music. ryan geddes of ign stated that they " hit the mark with four @ - @ - with music " , and encouraged the other developers to find new ways to promote music and rhythm games . he stated that the games should continue to grow instead of simply adding new content in order to avoid " genre bending " . jesse divnich of nintendo entertainment and computer news stated that , games like dance dance revolution , guitar hero and other rhythm games , grew rapidly due to adding additional content from other games that had become popular enough to focus on content and music , and felt that for the games to continue to grow , they should continue to play ##ly as compared with the cross @ - @ style music genre . another writer for redoctane , chris smith , stated that activision " stole " the genre , and " they seemed to take too much out of the game too soon " . the series has also been criticized for its business model in comparison to the rock band series , causing some critics to feel resentment towards activision . harmonix described the rock band series as a " unique franchise " , and provided it with downloadable content and the ability to integrate songs from other games and directly into the other games of the series . they felt that guitar hero should have also done the same , either by adding songs that could be integrated into the other games of the series , or by including the songs as downloadable content . the release of guitar hero : greatest hits , adding several songs from the series to full four @ - @ - @ , while still adding significant additional content , was called " the beginning of ' epic ' " by critics , with no significant technical limitations as to why the songs could not be included as downloadable content . ars technica stated that these limitations could be ignored when songs from a specific game could be included in others of the series ( such as the soundtrack for the beatles : rock band ) , and that full four @ - @ support should have been a top priority for these games . however , the reviewers were praised for the downloadable content and the full @ - @ person gameplay ; guitar hero : metallica was considered to be one of the series ' first games to be developed by neversoft in part due to the care that the developers took with both the songs and the downloadable content for the game . activision also announced that both guitar hero ii and guitar hero would include the songs from the guitar hero world tour ( both the @ - @ songs and downloadable content ) and guitarand greatest hits , with album sales being the only determining factor in which games could be made fully @ - @ compatible . the low impact of guitar hero and rock band games on the market is believed to be partially responsible for the general decline of video game sales in the latter half of 2009 , along with the effects of the post @ - @ 2000s recession . the market for music games reached $ 1 @ . @ 1 million in 2008 , but fell to $ 700 million in 2009 , as more titles were released that year . former neversoft entertainment ceo brian bright stated that at one point in 2009 , they had contracted for the release of three games that year ( guitar hero iii , metallica , and band aid ) and contracted other companies for the release of two more titles , causing the company to lose money both on development and marketing efforts . according to bright , sales of all the guitar hero games released in 2009 exceeded the number of attendees of the 2008 u2 world tour , indicating the success of the market . although activision had originally planned on expanding the reach of the guitar hero series in 2010 , the company changed their mind , reducing the number of games and focusing instead on developing new downloadable content for the series . only two games , guitar hero : legends of rock and guitar hero iv were released in 2010 , both planned for the " latter half of 2010 " . analysts believe that the market will continue to lose a large number of games each year , peaking at a " modest " us $ 1 – 600 million in revenue worldwide . kotick stated that part of the decline of guitar hero was attributed to activision ' s release of guitar hero , which they took too much away and released the existing guitar hero games without the " focus and focus " needed to continue to work with the series . activision uk chief executive chris smith , in response to questions about activision ' s commitment to the guitar hero series , stated that guitar hero continued to support the rock band series in both terms of releases and sales , with players continuing to purchase the separate games in the market , and citing the general success of the separate games as beneficial for their business . however , after releasing 12 music skus ( in retail and retail stores ) in 2009 , activision opted to reduce that number to 10 in 2010 , citing the video game market as not as successful as it once was . activision also decided to put the development of the series on hold in early 2011 following poor sales in the video game market , a move that some critics feltto activision ' s perceived oversaturation . = = list of games = = all games were published by activision , except the original guitar hero and the ps2 version of guitar hero ii , which were published by redoctane .