= tintin in the congo = tintin in the congo ( french : tintin au congo ; belgian pronunciation : [ tɛ tɛn . kɔ ##l ] ) is the first volume of the adventures of tintin , the comics series by belgian cartoonist herge . commissioned by the popular belgian newspaper le vingtieme siecle for its children ' s magazine le petit vingtieme , it was published monthly from september 1930 to may 1931 before being published as a monthly edition by the le petit vingtieme in 1931 . the story tells of the belgian reporter tintin and his dog snowy , who are sent to the belgian congo to report on events in the congo . amid many encounters with the local congo people and wild animals , tintin discovers a secret diamond mining ring run by the italian gangster al smith . following on from tintin in the land of the free and aided by publicity publicity , tintin in the congo was a commercial success in belgium and was also published in america . herge followed the adventures of tintin with tintin in africa in 1932 , and the series quickly became a major example of the big @ - @ belgian comics canon . in 1946 , herge big @ - @ wrote and illustrated tintin in the congo in his trademark big @ - @ claire style for publication by casterman , with some changes made at the request of his french publisher for the 1975 edition . in the late 20th century , tintin in the congo came under criticism for both its perceived big ##ic ##ing toward the congo and for its depiction of big @ - @ elephant characters ; consequently , attempts were made by france , france , the united kingdom , and the united states to either ban the book or restrict its publication to children . critical reception of the book has been generally negative , with critics on the adventures of tintin describing it as one of herge ' s worst works . = = = = = belgian congo tintin and his dog snowy travel to the belgian congo , where a large crowd of angry people await them . tintin asks a local boy , coco , to help him in his search , and shortly afterwards , tintin rescues him from a monkey . a human man attempts to rob tintin , and they throw rocks at the man that knock him unconscious . the man attacks coco , but tintin saves him . the next day , tintin , snowy , and coco crash their car into a tree , which the reporter, and travels to the village of the babaorum tribe . he meets the lion , who takes him on a hunt the next day . a leopard tracks tintin down , but coco saves him by cutting off its head . tintin wins the respect of the villagers , making the babaorum witch @ - @ doctor muganga jealous . when he kills the fever with magic , he is known as a boula matari ( " man of bones " ) . with the help of the local villagers , muganga suspects tintin of stealing the village ' s sacred idol . the local natives believe tintin , but they rebel against muganga when he shows them drawings tintin has made of the witch @ - @ doctor and the villagers trying to destroy the idol . tintin becomes a hero in the village , and a village elder bows down to him , saying , " white mister is good ! a great heart . . . big man , like mister ##be ! " meanwhile , muganga starts a war between the babaorum and their neighbours , the m ' hatuvu , whose leader plans an attack on the babaorum tribe . tintin defeats them , and the m ' hatuvu cease hostilities and begin to attack tintin . muganga and the others attempt to kill tintin and make it look like a snake attack , but tintin escapes and saves muganga from a snake attack ; muganga shows mercy and ends his life . the doctor manages to kill tintin , and almost escapes disguised as a christian priest . they come to a river , and the doctor is killed by coco . after reading a letter from the doctor ' s mother , tintin learns that someone named " a . c . " has ordered his death . tintin meets a man who tries to escape with the natives and learns that " a . c . " is the american gangster al smith , who is trying to take control of the diamond mine . tintin and the belgian police capture the leader of the local mining gang and tintin and coco escape to france . = = = = = = = = = = = = = remi — , known by the pen name herge — was working as writer and publisher of le petit vingtieme ( " the little prince " ) , a children ' s supplement to le vingtieme siecle ( " the twentieth century " ) , aa a conservative , the weekly that appeared in herge ' s native belgium . founded by the jesuit norbert wallez , the paper described itself as a " catholic newspaper for news and practice " and had a jim @ - @ type , liberal stance . according to david irving , catholic liberal views were unknown in belgium at the time , and herge ' s work was filled with liberal ideas centered around " religion , nationalism , good ##ness , justice , and order " . in 1929 , herge created the adventures of tintin comic strip for le petit vingtieme , a story about the adventures of a young belgian boy named tintin . following the success of tintin in the land of the soviets , published weekly in le petit vingtieme from september 1929 to december 1930 , herge decided to send tintin to the united states . wallez suggested he write a story set in the belgian congo , then a belgian colony and now the democratic republic of the congo . belgian children learned about the congo at schools , and wallez wanted to encourage patriotic and nationalist feelings among his readers . he felt that the belgian colonial government needed help at a time when memories " were still very fresh " of the 1928 visit to the congo by the belgian king leopold and queen elisabeth . he also hoped that some of his readers would be willing to live in the congo . herge followed wallez ' s advice in a positive way , and wallez referred to the congo as " our little country which has no plenty of tea , tarantara , tarantaraboom " . he also had extensive experience in south african art ; two years earlier , herge had created several illustrations for the story that appeared in an issue commemorating the 50th anniversary of lord morton stanley ' s visit to the congo . in one of these , herge depicted a native american standing over a soldier , a scene that was repeated in tintin in the congo . unlike in land of the soviets , where herge had based his stories about the soviet union almost entirely on a secondary source , in tintin in the congo he had the source material to write about the congo and its people . he based the story largely on material written by himself , with the only new material being that of the drug trade , directly drawn from the " belgian jim @ - @ - @ " . herge visited the provincial museum of tervuren , viewing their extensive collection of african artifacts , including costumes ofthe leopard ##s . he drew on themes from andre breton ' s novel the adventures of tom blood , and his own illustrations were inspired by jean rabier ' s work . he also listened to stories of the congo from some of his friends who had lived there , but disliked their stories , later saying : " i didn ' t like the blacks , who came out excited about their success . but i couldn ' t stop myself from seeing the blacks as little people , too . " = = = = brussels , 1930 – = = = = tintin in the congo was published under the french title of tintin au congo et le petit vingtieme from 1 july 1930 to 1 july 1931 ; it was sold to the belgian daily newspaper cœurs vaillants . shot in black and white , it followed the same format as in land of the soviets , being " largely plotless " according to john farr , and telling of seemingly unrelated stories that herge witnessed each week . herge later reflected on the difficulty of creating these comic strips , saying , " the petit vingtieme came out every wednesday morning , and i still didn ' t have a clue until wednesday morning how i was going to get tintin out of the room i had left him in the previous week . " the strip ' s drawing style was similar to that of land of the soviets . in the first issue of tintin in the congo , herge placed pierre and flupke , two young boys from brussels whom he had previously introduced in the the petit vingtieme comic strip , in the guise of children saying hello to tintin . unlike land of the soviets , tintin in the congo was popular in belgium . on the morning of 1 july 1931 , wallez repeated the same stunt he had used when germany invaded , having a belgian boy , pierre van doncker , dress up as tintin in circus costumes and perform in brussels and then paris , accompanied by two dog elephants and an assortment of exotic animals . from the c . m @ - @ . with the bon marche department store , the strip attracting 1 @ , @ 000 people in belgium . in 1931 , co @ - @ and editions le petit vingtieme collected the stories together into a single book , and casterman published a second volume in 1937 . by 1944 the book had been reprinted six times , and had preceded each of the next three books in the series . the series ' success led wallez to leave her##ge ' s money , giving him a monthly salary and the right to work from home . = = = colour ##ist , 1946 = = = in the 1940s , as herge ' s popularity grew , he redrew most of the earlier re @ - @ and @ - @ white tintin stories in colour using the point claire ( " blue sky " ) colour schemes he had created , so that they fit in better with the other versions of tintin that he had created . herge also made some changes to this version in 1940 , when the story was published in the new @ - @ magazine magazine laatste nieuws . at casterman ' s request , tintin in the congo was now renamed re @ - @ white , and the colour version was published in 1946 . as a result of this change , herge reduced the page count from 100 pages to the current 100 plates , as required by the publisher casterman . he also made some changes to the story , removing many of the references to colonial and colonial ##ism . for example , in the scene where tintin lectures the school children about africa , he says in the 1930 – japanese version , " my dear ##s , today i ' m going to talk to you about your country : africa ! " whereas in the 1946 version , he simply gives them a geography lesson . herge also changed the character of captain macduff , the leader of the train that attacks tintin , from the black member of the north african resistance into a white " one of the best guns in europe . " in the 1946 colour version , herge added a cameo appearance from thompson and thomson , the two characters that he had introduced in the previous tintin book , out of the congo ( 1932 – [UNK] ) , which was also set after the first war . adding them to the final version , herge placed them in the background , with a crowd watching tintin as he boards a train and noting that he " has to be a newspaper reporter going to brussels . . . " in the second scene , herge inserted images of himself and his friend paul j . jacobs ( the story ' s colourist ) into the background watching tintin perform . = = = = editions and additions = = = when tintin in the congo was first published by the series ' american edition in 1975 , they went to page 11 , where tintin drills a hole into a black bomb , fills it with dynamite , and blows it up . they asked herge to replace this page witha more detailed version , which they felt would be more suitable for children . herge agreed , although he saw the inclusion of diamond @ - @ as appearing in the book only after completing it . the final scene shows the boy running away , after accidentally falling over and hearing tintin ' s laughter . although libraries worldwide had made it available for many years , the publishers refused to publish tintin in the uk because of its violent content . in the early 1970s , david rodwell , the head of editions herge in the united kingdom , told readers of his intention to eventually publish it in english and of his belief that publishing the original 1931 black and white edition would cause more controversy than publishing the 1946 colour edition . after some controversy , in 1991 — , shortly after the original 1931 publication — it was the last of the adventures of tintin to see print in english . the 1946 colour version appeared in france in 2005 , published by egmont . = = = review = = herge biographer jean assouline felt that herge ' s tone was completely realistic than the english half of the story without losing any of its realism . he felt that the story ended in " the most sensible way " , and that in the story tintin was depicted as a boy playing , something he felt was herge ' s " great commitment " to wallez . critic benoit peeters felt that tintin in the congo was " quite new " , with only " very short " chapters , and he found the illustrations " a bit more crude " than those of land of the soviets . considering the story to be " too silly " , he felt that tintin ' s character looked simply a child in a world populated by stuffed soldiers and other characters . john farr believed that , unlike the first tintin stories , some sort of the mystery emerges at the end of the story with the appearance of the big big @ - @ game ring . philippe goddin considered the book to be " less realistic " than land of the soviets and felt that herge ' s portrayal of the african continent was not realistic but a reflection of the african history . in contrast , david harrison felt that " it is merely a translation from history " , in his opinion with no plot or character ; he described it as " perhaps the most boring of all the tintin stories . " david kuper of the financial times described both land of the soviets and tintin in the congo as the " worst " ofthe africans , and that they were " well drawn " and " not un @ - @ like " . farr described the 1946 colour version as worse than the black and white version ; he felt it had lost its " character " and " majesty " , and that the colour ##ing of the congo people was darker and more like a zoological landscape than the " dark , barren landscape of africa " . peeters had a more positive view towards the 1946 version , noting that it had " many beauty " and " clarity of feeling " because of herge ' s continued improvement in draughtsmanship , as well as an improvement of the language , which had become " more fluid and lively . " in his 1991 review of the story , plot @ - @ marie apostolides argued that in the 1946 version , tintin used europe and the belgian government as a model for the europeans to follow . in doing so , he argued , they could become more civilized and better understand from the perspective of european society , but that ultimately they ended up appearing as africans . suggesting that tintin was projecting his own view of europe onto the world , apostolides argued that tintin acted as a plot @ - @ character , with christian missionaries in the opening pages . literary critic tom mccarthy argued that tintin represented the belgian state , but also noted that he appeared as a christian character , instead as " a man of faith " similar to the character of kurtz in joseph conrad ' s heart of darkness ( 1899 ) . mccarthy compared the scene where tintin describes muganga as a fraud to that in which the character of prospero defeats the villain in william shakespeare ' s the tempest . = = = = = = = = = = = = in the late 20th and early 21st centuries , some writers and critics criticized tintin in the congo as racist due to its portrayal of the natives as lazy and ignorant . according to tom mccarthy , herge portrayed the natives as " good at everything , ignorant and lazy , in terms of an education . " there had been no such portrayal when first written , because it was only in the wave of change and development , which came during the 1950s and 1960s , that european attitudes towards the peoples changed . john harrison argued that we should read tintin in the congo in the context of european colonization in the 1930s and 1940s , and that herge had deliberately intended the story to be " deliberately racist" . he argued that this was the dominant european view of belgian society at the time , one that was more " liberal " than racist . franco @ - @ marie apostolides supported this view , as did historian benoit peeters , who wrote , " herge was no more racist than the white generation . " after interviewing herge in the congo , farr said , " you couldn ' t have met anyone who was more liberal and openly racist . " similarly , historian jean assouline noted that in colonial belgium , herge would have had access to work by the likes of andre breton and georges londres that was critical of the belgian government . assouline suggested that herge deliberately chose not to publish these works because they clashed with the views of his own family . laurence thomas — director of the belgian bande dessinee , and an academic at the university of oxford — disagreed , stating that herge responded to western european norms in his writing , and that " [ w ] hen it was possible to be a true ##ist , that ' s what it was . " comic book historian john mckinney argued that the shoe @ - @ african comic books of the same era had attempted to portray the belgian congo in a more positive light , citing the influence of jije ' s 1939 story blondin et cirage ( blondy and franco @ - @ shoe ) , in which the characters are identical twins , one white , the other black , and tif et tondu , which was serialized in spirou from 1939 to 1940 and in which the africans help the french against their colonial enemies . farr and thompson claim that tintin in the congo was the most popular tintin book in francophone literature . according to them , the book remained widely read in the congo long after the country gained independence in 1960 . however , political officials in the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) have condemned the book . in 2004 , when the belgian minister of foreign affairs karel de gucht described president joseph kabila ' s new drc government as racist , the foreign minister henri mova sakanyi accused him of " racism and contempt for africa " , saying that it was like " tintin in the congo all over again . " de gucht refused to defend his remarks . in december 2007 , british human rights lawyer michael enright wrote to the united kingdom ' s commission for racial equality ( cre) that he came across the book in the children ' s section of borders , while travelling with his wife and two children . the cre called on borders to ban the book , saying that it promoted " negative racial stereotypes " , the way people " look like nazis and act like apes . " stating that it was opposed to letting its " customers have the decisions " , borders moved the book to an area reserved for adult graphic novels . british retailer waterstone ' s followed suit . another british retailer , whsmith , reported that the book was available on its own , but with a label that recommended it for children aged 12 and under . the cre ' s decision to ban the book was criticised by labour party mp ann widdecombe , who said that the government had more important things to do than restrict the sale of its children ' s books . the bbc also expressed interest in the book , and amazon announced that its sales of tintin in the congo had been increased by @ , @ 000 % , and it also rose to fourth on the amazon . com bestseller list . publisher egmont books also responded to the , by placing a warning label on the book with a warning about its contents and publishing an article about its historical significance . tintin in the congo also came under fire in the united states ; in december 2007 , in response to a complaint from a student , the bronx public library in new york city placed the graphic novel in a locked reading room , only allowing access by appointment . tintin in the congo was part of the # @ - @ out media campaign in sweden . swedish newspaper dagens nyheter announced the removal of tinin in the congo from the children ' s section at kulturhuset in stockholm in january 2011 . the removal , dubbed " tintin @ - @ out " , led to heated discussion in newspapers and other media over issues of censorship and censorship . in december 2007 , belgian student bienvenu mbutu mondondo filed a complaint in france , claiming that the book was an insult to the french language and constituted censorship . french prosecutors intervened and launched a criminal investigation . the case was later transferred to a french court in january 2010 . mondondo ' s lawyer argued that tintin in the congo amounted to " a product of racism and of white supremacy " , and mondondo called them " racist and xenophobic " . alain berenboom , spokesman for le moulinsart , the company which published her##ge ' s lawyers , and casterman , the book ' s publisher , argued that the book ' s depiction of the congo " wasn ' t racism but rather ##red " . they argued that banning it would set a legal precedent for the banning of works by other european authors , such as charles dickens and jules hugo , which included negative depictions of sub @ - @ african people . the court ruled in may 2012 that the book would not be banned , stating that it was " clear that neither the book , nor the fact that it has been put on hold , has a capacity to . . . create an offensive , hostile , hostile , or hostile atmosphere " , and that it therefore did not violate the law . belgium ' s minister for equal opportunities protested against " big @ - @ games and hyper - propaganda " . soon after , the @ - @ people and @ - @ dadaou monyas filed a formal complaint , which was supported by afrosvenskarna , an advocacy group for people of african descent . the appeal to the court of sweden was turned down as violations of free speech v . the swedish national law . freedom of expression could be corrected within a year of publication , and the first swedish edition of tintin in the congo appeared in 2005 . the south african comic artist anton kannemeyer has used the alleged racist content of the book to highlight what he sees as the perceived racist nature of south african culture . in his adventures in afrika ( 2010 ) , a parody of tintin in the congo , he portrays tintin as an african with negative views of south africa . = = = human and animal rights = = = tintin in the congo depicts tintin taking part in what john farr describes as " the brutal and systematic killing " of animals ; in the course of the story , tintin kills several animals , forces an elephant to save his life , shoots a dart butt into a rhino ' s open mouth , kills an elephant for sport , kills a rhino , and ( in some versions ) drills a hole into a rhino by planting dynamite in its chest , blowing it up from the inside . these stories increased the popularity of over @ - @ game shows among african and european blacks in the @ - @ south africa during the 1930s . herge later felt guilty for his treatment of sport in tintin in the congo and became an advocate of such depictions ; when he wrote children of the devil ( 1934 ) , heand tintin shoot a herd of elephants living in the amazon jungle . philippe goddin wrote that the scene in which tintin kills a herd of elephants was " enough to please even the most educated conscience " in the 20th century . when penguin clearing trust first published the book in india in 2006 , that country ' s wing of the society for the ethical treatment of animals issued strong strong apology , and its editor anuradha sawhney stated that the book was " filled with errors that send a message to human children that it is wrong to be kind to animals . "