= grade i listed buildings in england = the grade i listed buildings in somerset , england , reflect the history and character of its county . the ceremonial county of somerset consists of a non @ - @ metropolitan county , administered by somerset county council , which is divided into five districts , and two unitary authorities . the districts of somerset are west somerset , south somerset , taunton deane , mendip and sedgemoor . the two remaining two unitary authorities , which were created on 1 april 1996 with the creation of the county of somerset , are north somerset and bath and north east somerset . these unitary authorities cover areas that were historically part of somerset until the county of somerset in 1974 . in the united kingdom , the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural , historical , or cultural significance ; grade i structures are those considered to be " buildings of special interest " . it was established by a provision in the town and country planning act 1947 . once listed , strict limits are placed on the modifications made to a building ' s form and character . in england , the responsibility for listing under the planning ( listed buildings and conservation areas ) act 1990 rests with english heritage , a non @ - @ metropolitan public body regulated by the department for culture , media and sport ; local authorities have a duty to develop and enforce the planning regulations . most of the districts contain norman - and medieval @ - @ - towers , many of which are included in the somerset towers , a group of large , nearly spireless gothic - style towers . the actual construction of the towers — , starting in 1360 — was probably done by a master mason and a small team of local craftsmen , assisted by local secular clergy , according to poyntz wright . however , historians dispute this view , suggesting instead that local craftsmen designed the whole structure , based on the forms of the design and materials , for somerset — their most important period . local builders carried out the work , adding a distinctive range of architectural features and alterations as the styles developed over the centuries . these are included in the list of buildings in somerset . apart from the towers , each district has its own towers . most of somerset ' s grade i listed buildings are constructed from the local local @ - @ or bath sandstone , and date from the 18th and 19th centuries . their dominant architectural style is georgian . in the mendip district , the greatest concentrations of these are around the cathedral and churches at wells and at glastonbury . west somerset has walls and towers , witha number of * ##s . the sedgemoor area contains many buildings related to agriculture and industry centred on bridgwater ; and many north somerset houses , churches and castles feature . taunton deane contains the historic taunton castle , and dunster castle and other buildings in dunster , in north somerset . = = bath and north east somerset = = bath and north east somerset ( commonly referred to as bath or b & e ) is a unitary authority formed on 1 april 1996 , following the abolition of the county of avon . bath and north east somerset covers an area of 220 square miles ( 570 km2 ) , two @ - @ % of which is green belt . it stretches from the city of bath , south into the mendip hills and west to the southern malvern hills and wiltshire downs . the city of bath is the largest town in the district , although it also includes keynsham , midsomer norton , radstock and the avon valley . it has a population of 4 @ , @ 000 , about half of whom live in bath , making it three times more densely populated than the rest of the county . bath and north east somerset contains 663 grade i listed buildings , one of the highest numbers in the county , supported by over 100 english heritage listings . the oldest buildings in bath are the roman baths , for which the stone walls and an underground entrance passage lined with marble were built during the roman occupation of britain , although the present building dates from the 18th century . bath abbey was a medieval abbey built on roman foundations , although the present building dates from the early 19th century and has a perpendicular gothic style with round towers and corner towers and a plain and low roof . the medieval period is represented by the remains of the town wall on the bath road . most of bath ' s grade i listed buildings are made from the local red @ - @ - @ sandstone , and date from the 18th and 19th centuries . their dominant architectural style is baroque , which evolved from the classical architectural style that was popular during the late 18th century . this led to the bath area ' s designation as a world heritage site . much of the landscape , and many of the buildings , are the work of john wood , the architect . the square is regarded as the masterpiece of wood ' s work . it consists of two long , narrow terraces that surround a central courtyard or square used for public functions and entertainment . the terraces give a feel to the city , theinspiration for which was the vatican in rome . the best known of wood ' s designs is the grand terrace , built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by wood ' s son , john wood , the younger . in 1770 the scottish architect robert adam designed pulteney bridge , a 17th @ - @ century bridge over the avon . adam used as his inspiration an earlier , now lost , design by wood for the rialto bridge in rome . the highlight of the georgian style is the mansion house , which together with the adjacent georgian drawing room was designed by john baldwin , a local architect responsible for many other buildings in the area , including the house in high street . in pulteney street , where he also lived , is another of his works : this grand terrace , built c . 1789 and measuring 1 @ , @ 000 feet ( 305 m ) long and 100 feet ( 30 m ) wide , is lined on three sides with terrace houses . in the city of bath most of the grade i listed buildings are norman - and medieval @ - @ century buildings . country houses such as claverton house , which now houses the french embassy in london , and the 18th @ - @ century newton park , which has a walled garden designed by capability brown , also appear on the register ; newton park now forms part of the bath city centre . the most recent example is the georgian eastwood park and steading , built in 1860 . = = mendip = = mendip is a local government district which covers a largely rural area of 285 square miles ( 738 km2 ) stretching from the mendip hills and down to the somerset levels . it has a population of approximately 1 @ , @ 000 . the administrative centre of the district is shepton forum . there are many grade i listed buildings in the mendip area . there are many in the surrounding towns and villages , but the greatest concentration of grade i listed buildings are in wells and glastonbury . in wells these are clustered around the 12th @ - @ century parish church of st mary , also known as wells cathedral , and the 13th @ - @ century bishop ' s palace . glastonbury is the site of the abbey , where construction began in the 12th century , and its associated buildings . the ancient st mary ' s abbey , destroyed by the earthquake of 1275 , stands on glastonbury hill , where the site shows evidence of occupation from roman times and the middle ages . the abbey chapel has been in use since pre @ - @ christian times. glastonbury also had a strong influence in the county : manor houses were built at pilton and long ashton to collect taxes , and a medieval market was built at meare along with a manor house for the abbey ( now a ruin ) . historic castles include farleigh hungerford castle , built in 1370 , and the crown castle at norton st mary , built as an army camp during the monmouth rebellion of 1685 , and used as a place to try the rebels at the 1685 parliament . manor houses such as the late @ - @ on ##s ' manor at beckington and the old manor at croscombe . mells was built in the 16th century and in the 17th century southill house at cranmore was built . ston easton house and ammerdown house at kilmersdon were both built in the 18th century . the most important buildings included in the parish are now : the church of st mary at hornblotton , built in 1872 – , by sir william williams , to replace a previous church on the same site , and the abbey at stratton @ - @ on @ - @ the @ - @ abbey , more commonly known as " the abbey of st gregory the great , bath " , a roman catholic benedictine abbey and the first monastery of the somerset @ ##s . the other buildings were built in the 15th century and are still standing . = = north somerset = = north somerset is a unitary authority which is administered independently of the county @ - @ the county of somerset . its administrative offices are located in the town centre of the @ - @ on @ - @ town , and has a resident population of 193 @ , @ 000 people in 200 @ , @ 000 dwellings . there are many grade i listed buildings in north somerset , including the clifton road bridge , which links north somerset to bath and clevedon , which was built in the 1880s and 1890s . it was closed after flooding in 1970 and demolished , before being restored and opened to the public in 1998 . of the listed buildings , two houses are best known . they include clevedon court , built in the 12th century , and from the 14th century , clifton court and nailsea court . north somerset has many norman buildings ; the largest number date from the norman and medieval periods . the oldest is the church of st . quiricus and st . julietta at tickenham which dates from the 12th century , and there are many others from the 15th century . the most important grade i building in north somerset is ty##ntesfield , a large gothic revival house in wraxall . it was bought by the national trust in july 2002 after a fund raising campaign to prevent it being sold to private owners and so it was opened to the public . the campaign by the national trust raised £ ##4 @ . @ 4 million from the public in just three days and the estate also received the largest conservation grant ever from the english heritage lottery fund ( over £ ##4 @ . @ 4 million ) , which caused some controversy . the house is built of portland stone , and is very large , covered with ivy and with an extensive garden . = = sedgemoor = = sedgemoor forest is a 14th @ - @ century area of land close to sea level between the quantock and mendip hills , and surrounding woodland ( or fen ) . it contains the majority of the area now known as the somerset levels , including britain ' s oldest surviving roman road , the roman way . there are nine grade i listed buildings in sedgemoor , most of which are in castle street , bridgwater . in 1834 , castle house was built on the site of the old bridgwater castle , providing accommodation for the merchants associated with the town ' s markets . in the town of bridgwater , the highest concentration of grade i listed buildings is in the village of cannington , where the 13th @ - @ century cannington manor and 14th @ - @ century church of st mary were once associated with a benedictine monastery . cannington was also the site of the 13th @ - @ century old manor and blackmoor manor , which was built in 1480 with its own chapel . although 14th @ - @ century churches such as the church of st mary at _ ##wood and the church of st mary at charlynch near spaxton are all built in blue lias sandstone . situated on a small hill with a wall about 820 feet ( 250 m ) in length is the ruined remains of stowey castle which was built in the 15th century , which may have been as a punishment for the local lord audley ' s involvement in the great somerset rebellion of 1497 led by perkin warbeck . some of the more notable buildings in the district are country houses such as halswell hall , where the south range was built in the 17th @ - @ century for sir john halswell and the main north range in 1689 for sir halswell tynte . the most recently listed building in the list is the corn exchange in bridgwater ,built in 1834 . = = south somerset = = the south somerset district covers an area of 370 square miles ( 958 km2 ) , stretching from the border with somerset and dorset to the edge of the somerset levels . the district has a population of approximately 158 @ , @ 000 , and has yeovil as its administrative centre . there are many grade i listed buildings in south somerset . most are norman - and medieval @ - @ - listed , but there are other listed buildings as well . muchelney abbey consists of the remains and ruins of a former benedictine monastery and an early manor house dating from the 12th century , now the residence of the current abbot . stavordale abbey was founded as a priory early in the 12th century and was converted into a manor house in 1533 . the hamstone house in hamdon village is the 13th @ - @ century former prior ' s house of the former chapel of st mary , which in 1518 became a farm known as abbey farm . it remained a farm until about 1960 , and has been owned by the national trust since 1946 . since the 1970s the 15th @ - @ century manor house in langport has been a village hall , church , primary school , shop , and library , becoming a town hall in 1891 . the building known as the abbey in charlton mackrell takes its name from the site on which it was built , the former abbey of the holy trinity , founded in 1237 . naish abbey , built around 1400 in west coker , was also a priory , and so the old manor house and manor house in yeovil which date from around 1420 , have always been in the @ - @ category ; " abbey " was added to their names in the 18th century . the 42 @ - @ century ( 41 m ) high pynsent tower was built in 1757 , by capability brown for william hunt , as a memorial to sir william pynsent . king alfred ' s tower , a 161 feet ( 49 m ) high , circular tower , stands on fisher ' s hill , where it is believed that alfred the great , king of wessex , defeated the danes in ad 878 at the battle of ethandun . the original funder , john hoare , paid for it to mark the end of the hundred years ' war against france and the accession of king edward i . the other grade i listed buildings in south somerset are manor houses , built over long periods by the lords of the manor . the great barrington house is thea country house listed by the national trust , in 1907 , on the recommendation of the architect william hardwicke rawnsley . the surmaville was built between 1608 and 1612 for john harbin , a yeovil merchant , on the site of an earlier house , which was substantially altered and extended in the 1820s . lytes cary and its surrounding park and hall contain buildings dating to as early as the 17th century . the architectural historian nikolaus pevsner praised it , writing " ... these buildings blend to impress with one another and with the @ ##r country that surrounds them . " the 18th @ - @ century house at tintinhull is surrounded by a late 19th @ - @ century arts and crafts house . ven house , which stands on an elevated garden terrace , has a rectangular plan of five bays by three bays , and is built of red brick in flemish bond , with some hamstone dressing ; the north and south sides are divided by two red brick pilasters . the nearby william and mary parish church was built sometime between 1698 and 1700 . it was extended between 1725 and 1730 by decimus burton , who added a new manor @ - @ house for sir w . medleycott and had an extension attached to the house . brympton d ' evercy , built in stages between about 1220 and the 17th century , has been described , by auberon jones , as " the most beautiful house in somerset " . = = taunton deane = = taunton deane has borough status . the borough of taunton deane has a population of around 60 @ , @ 000 and an area of 462 square kilometres ( 178 sq mi ) . it is centred on the town of taunton , where around 60 @ , @ 000 of the population , and the council are based , and the surrounding towns and villages . there are nine grade i listed buildings in taunton deane . the oldest buildings are those built at the end of the 12th century , and the castle keep , which has been incorporated into the british museum in taunton , was originally a gateway into taunton castle . the castle was built between 1107 and 1129 , when william giffard , the son of king william i , built the king ' s palace . it was his son , william of blois , who converted the manor @ - @ house into a castle in 1138 , during the civil war that occurred during the reign of his father , king william . taunton was on the site of today ' s alsmhouses, which dates from 1635 , and several houses in high street from the 18th century . some of the most notable houses on the list are manor houses such as cothay court and greenham barton which were built by stawley in the 15th century . poundisford house and cothelstone house were both built in the 18th century and hampton house in 1755 . the most recent house included on the list is by the quantock family . the late 19th century hestercombe house , was built in 1909 . in addition to being a listed building the park is listed grade ii on the english heritage register of parks and gardens of special historic interest in england . the house was used as the headquarters of the british indian army during the second world war , and has been owned by somerset county council since 1951 . it is used as an emergency shelter and is the administrative headquarters for the avon and somerset fire and rescue service . = = west somerset = = the west somerset local government district covers a large rural area , including parts of gloucestershire , with a population , according to the 2001 census , of @ @ , @ 075 and an area of 740 square kilometres ( 290 sq mi ) . the main centres of population are the market towns of minehead and watchet . the district ' s administrative headquarters are in the town of williton . there are several grade i listed buildings in west somerset . the oldest are the culbone church , one of the oldest churches in england , and pre @ - @ church in origin , and tarr churches , which all originate from the iron age , although some sources date them from around 1400 . dunster has the largest number of grade i listed buildings , including dunster house , which was built in 1617 on a site which had housed a mill for the previous 600 years ; the old mill , which was built in 1609 ; gallox mill , which dates from the 13th century and the parish church of st mary which dates predominately from the 14th century and incorporates parts of the earlier building on the same site . listed buildings include listed buildings such as the listed houses at nettlecombe , and at wyndham .