= the = = = the two men is a 1913 american silent short comedy film released in the newly formed joker series of the universal film manufacturing company . directed by allen curtis , the film ' s cast includes max asher , lee morris , eddie boland joseph singleton and bobby vernon . the film is centered on two men , dusty and weary , who take over a dentist shop and become rich with their new skills , removing teeth with ice and eating knives . after earning a large amount of money , the two return to their old way of life . released on october 29 , 1913 , this film was the first theatrical release . the film received some criticism for its # ##ity . the film had a limited theatrical release in the united states , but the film is considered lost . = = = = = two men , named dusty and weary , wake from their sleep in a horse stock and are overcome with hunger . the two drink from a horse , and dusty dies of it . the two return to the dentist shop only to be kicked out . when the company goes on a strike the two men then dress as doctors and enter the office and remove teeth with ice and knives . when the rightful owners arrive they walk out again . the two succeed in their mission and they earn a large amount of money . they resume their old way of life . the two men then return the teeth to the rightful owners . = = = = = max asher lee morris eddie boland joseph singleton bobby vernon credited as sylvion louis jardins = = = = = the term " wandering dentist " refers to an unemployed person who practices dentistry . the origin of the term and its meaning was discovered in the 1920s and was used as a slang description of a prostitute , a very short @ - @ or anonymous woman , who engaged in prostitution . the term is not native to the united states but used in tracey smith ' s the lady and the gentleman : canada and the art of dentistry in canada which refers to amateur artists and artisans who would remove teeth and even remove teeth of questionable quality and quality . the single reel film was directed by allen curtis and released on october 29 , 1913 . the film was the second entry of the newly formed joker series of comedies , after the thin man . the film was not released with as much fanfare , but records show that the film was still showing in theatres in late 1914 . = = = == the moving picture world described the film as having a low budget that featured " extremely vulgar " comedic antics with the use of teeth with glass and metal plates . a more negative comment in regards to the film ' s comedic content came from a letter to the editor of the moving picture world , which described the comedic content in the film as likely to upset members the audience and discourage their future careers . the film had a wide theatrical release that was shown in theaters across the united states . these included chicago , texas , florida , georgia , illinois , ohio , north carolina , california , oregon , nevada , and washington . the three dentists is considered lost , but the cause of destruction is unknown . if the film were to have remained in universal ' s vaults it would have been completely destroyed along with the other remainder of universal ' s silent feature films from 1948 .