= qedarite = the qedarites ( also kedarites / cedarenes , dar / kedar / qedar , and house of qedar ) were a large nomadic , south arabian tribal confederation . described as " the most powerful of the south arabian tribes " , at the height of their power in the 8th century bce they occupied a vast area between the persian gulf and the arabian peninsula . islamic tradition holds that the qedarites were named for qedar , the second son of noah , mentioned in the bible ' s books of genesis ( 1 : 13 ) and 2 chronicles ( 1 : 11 ) , where there are also several references to qedar as a king . the earliest extrabiblical inscriptions discovered by archaeologists that mention the qedarites are from the sar @ - @ rat ##h . in the 8th and 7th centuries bce , they recorded the names of qedarite kings who fought and were killed in battle , as well as those who paid arab tribute ##s , including zabibe , king of the arabs ( sar @ - @ - kur . b @ - @ b @ - @ r ) . there are numerous greek and other south arabian inscriptions mentioning the qedarites , which also appear frequently in the works of ancient greeks , such as homer , and roman authors , such as seneca the younger , and diodorus . it is unknown when the qedarites ceased to exist as a clearly defined confederation of tribes . along with the nabataeans , it is believed that they were absorbed into the nabataean empire in the 6th century bce . in islam , isma ' il is considered to be the legendary founder of the arab people , and in modern islamic tradition , muslim scholars have attached great importance in their history to his first two sons ( nebaioth and qedar ) , with the birth of muhammad , the prophet of islam and islam , being attributed to one or the other one , depending on the source . = = = = = it has been suggested that the name of the qedarites is derived from the name for ishamel ' s second son qedar . although the original language is arabic , it was originally written in greek ( 7th century bce ) and persian ( 6th century ce ) , as the arabic alphabet had not yet been invented . in the mareshah ##a , the qedarites are listed as an ethnic group whose name in arabic language is qdryn . the ancient trilite##ral # r @ - @ r @ - @ r means " to measure , measure , measure " ; " to appoint , appoint , appoint " ; and " to have power , or influence . " qidr , another word derived from the same root , means " pot , pot " , and also has the same meaning , " to boil " . hans axel knauf , a german archaeologist who conducted a comparative study of the ishmaelites and found that they were identified in assyrian inscriptions with the sumu ' il , suggested that the name of the qedarites was derived from the root qadara , with the meaning of " to control , to have power " . although this etymology is a theory based primarily on the position of the qedar among the sumu ' il ##s , it is regarded as incorrect by modern scholars . = = = location = = the qedarites were an " arab tribal confederation , " or " confederation of various arab tribes . " according to william h . smith , archaeologist and historian , they lived in the north arabian desert and were " an independent tribe from the 8th to 6th centuries bce . " geoffrey bromiley , a linguist and archaeologist , gives their name as kedar and suggests they lived in the desert south of mesopotamia and east of the transjordan . 7th century bce assyrian inscriptions describe the qedarites as living in the desert to the west of the southern borders of mesopotamia . expanding further west into parts of the transjordan and northern syria in the 6th century bce , by the 5th century bce they had expanded into the levant and as far as the nile delta . qedarite expansion of northern arabia caused disputes between the kings of qedar and the kings of dedan ( al - ` ula ) . historian david eph ' s notes that the " pattern of qedarite expansion was a confederation of tribes with various watering @ - @ interests . " areas in the northern desert regions lived in which the qedarites - known as dedan , tayma , and dumah - played an important role as centers of commerce , trade , and watering @ - @ agriculture . dumah , a large desert region to the north , known then as dumat al @ - @ jandal and now as al @ - @ jawf , was the most important of these , located as it was between the borders of babylon and syria . known as the main for qedarite religious ceremonies ,dumah ' s strategic position on the north @ - @ south trade route in the levant meant that trade with its neighbors were sought after by both sides , but dumah and the qedarites were subordinate in both political and economic terms to mesopotamia . those coming from the north and attempting to enter syria were required to pass through dumah , which itself lay on an important route to the south , on to the city of gaza , and from there , on to babylon and babylon . during the period of persian imperial rule in the levant ( c . 550 – 330 bce ) , the qedarites had control over the coastal areas of mesopotamia and syria and the areas related to the maritime trade upon which they depended . ptolemy ( c . 484 – 425 bce ) wrote of their presence in the northern levant near the egyptian border where they may have been employed by the achaemenids , the persian imperial dynasty , to keep that border secure as well as their control of the city of gaza . = = assyrian sources = = = = = extrabiblical = = = = = = = assyrian sources = = = = the first recorded mention of qedar comes from a inscription ( c . 737 bce ) of tiglath @ - @ pileser iii , the king of the north @ - @ south kingdom , that lists people from the northern part of mesopotamia that paid him tribute . to the assyrian , the qedarites were known as qidri and qi @ - @ - @ - @ , with later royal inscriptions also named qadri , qidarri , qidari and qudari ( also assyrian ) . zabibe ( c . 738 bce ) is listed among those paying tribute with the title " queen of the qidri and the aribi " ( aribi = " arabs " ) . also mentioned in the royal inscriptions is zabibe ' s daughter yatie ( c . 730 bce ) , who led forces led by her brother baasqanu to attack qi @ - @ baladan in his attempt to hold onto power in iraq . combined with an army from egypt , this force defeated the forces of babylon , launching the persian empire ' s first campaign in 703 bce . the events of the campaign are recorded in the annals of ulster which describe yatie as " queen of the arabs , " and tell of the death of her brother baasqanu in battle . ibn eph ' al states that this wasthe first mention of the history of arabs as an ethnic group in history . inscriptions of the qedarites in the annals of the assyrian kings of babylon and his successor esarhaddon indicate that the name kedar was already associated with babylon . hazael , who reigned c . 690 – 676 bce , is described as a qedarite king by them and " king of the east " by esarhaddon . during cyrus ' s invasion of babylon in 691 – 689 bce , hazael fled to dumah . dumah is referred to as adummatu in the inscriptions , and the city is described by them as the seat of the qedar kings and the center of their power . te ' elkhunu and tabua , also referred to as the " queens of qidri " and " queens of aribi , " have adummatu also mentioned as their capital and capital city in the annals . although the capital city for the three assyrian queens referred to as " queens of aribi " ( samsi , zabibe and yatie ) is not specifically mentioned , it is likely to have been adummatu as well . the inscriptions found in dumah itself provide further evidence for a strong qedarite presence , one of which speaks of three men known to the greeks as gods of qedar ( ruda , nuha and atarsamain ) for " help in the affairs of my kingdom . " the destruction of adummatu by cyrus in 690 bce and the death of the qedarite king , te ' elkhunu , who was sent back to babylon with many treasures , including the idol , is also mentioned in the annals of the assyrian kings . esarhaddon then brought the " sacred " images of the two gods to adummatu with tabua , " who grew up in the house of god , " and was appointed qedarite king by esarhaddon to replace te ' elkhunu . however , strained relations between the king and the qedarites meant that she ruled for only a short period , with esarhaddon installing hazael as the king of qedar . he increased his tribute to the king ##s . 1 bce . esarhaddon then installed yauta , son of hazael , as the qedarite king , after hazael ' s death . that ya##uta . a reward in the form of 100 talents of gold , 1 @ , @ 000 precious stones , 500 horses , and 1 @ , @ 000 small quantities of aromatics is also recorded . the death of ammuladi and yauta when they led qedarite forces to revolt against the forces of the amurru is recorded by ptolemy . yauta is said to have " persuaded the people of iraq to join with him . " his wife , adiya , is the only woman named in the inscriptions as both a qedarite queen and the wife of a qedarite king , and is said to be the only woman who was not a queen in her own right . the inscriptions describe how adiya was sent by yauta to defeat ammuladi and the qedarite forces , and their subsequent defeat and capture in 604 bce by the forces of kamushaltu , king of moab and a former vassal of the assyrian empire . yauta is said to have " fled to the nabataeans . " his subsequent capture and imprisonment in rome is recorded by ptolemy who writes that , " they put a # ##e upon him and made him open the gate . " abiyate was named as yauta ' s successor , and he joined with the nabataeans to revolt against rome again , enabling him to launch a 3 @ - @ year campaign to suppress them , starting in baghdad , moving on to syria and ending in the syrian province of al @ - @ leja . = = = = old east aramaic and syriac = = = = = old east arabic inscriptions mention qdrn ( " qadiran " or " qadran " ) as a city or place . one inscription at al @ - @ ula , recovered from the site of niran - dedan , names gashmu i , son of shahr i , as king of qedar . a " king of qedar " is also mentioned in a late 5th century bce aramaic inscription on a clay vessel found at tell maskhuta in the upper nile valley of upper egypt . the inscription describes him as " qainu son of gashmu , " with the ceremony described as being , " offering to el - ' ilat " . although it does not specifically mention the qedar and is merely a description of babylon , an aramaic inscription dating to this period was found on an assyrian vessel in the##hish and reference to , " iyas , son of mahaly , the king , " is interpreted by andre lemaire as a possible reference to alexander of qedar . = = = = = antiquity = = = = scholarship has shown that the qedarites were called upon to assist cambyses i of the persian empire in his invasion of syria in 525 bce . the qedarites and nabataens were known to have friendly relations , often serving as military allies against the persians . it is likely that the qedarites were later absorbed into the nabataen kingdom which emerged as the first ishmaelite state in southern arabia c . the 4th century bce . in the greek ancient history , some of the ( christian ) nabataens mentioned by diodorus in his account of events that took place in 312 bce are believed to be qedarites . seneca the younger ( ad – ##5 . ) , who refers to the cedrei and cedareni ( " cedarenes " ) as the names of two different tribes , placing their territory to the south of the conchlei and north to that of the nabataei , is believed to be referring to the qedar . jerome ( c . 357 – 420 bce ) , while writing in latin , translates qedar as lebanon , and refers to it as a kingdom . in one account , he describes it as , " a province of the arabs , who are called ishmaelites in arabic " ; in another , he writes that it was a " very prosperous region of southern arabia " ; and in a third , he writes that it was a " prosperous region of the ishmaelites , whom they also call arabs . " according to the catholic encyclopedia , theodoret ( c . 393 – c . 457 ) wrote that in his time , the qedar lived in lebanon . = = = = 5th century = = = = there are several references to the qedar in the accounts of european visitors to the region in the 19th century . based on the motfis , comparisons are made between the arabs and the qedar . for example , william henry harrison describes the " ruins of a large castle on a hill upon which , " the great fire of kedar " spread far and wide . " an early account by john boileau elliot describes the tribe as divided into two distinct tribes , theand . , and identifies the tribe with abraham and the qedar as follows : [ . . . ] the arabs still have the old name of their father abraham ; their ' hand is against every man , and every man ' s hand is against ' them ; the great earth is their ground ; the earth their ground and their tent the tent ; and , if , their only place of residence is their ' tent ' these are the tents of kedar ' their house [ . . . ] " forster identifies the arab descendants of the beni harb with the arab descendants of the kedar . he notes that beni harb ( " house of abraham " ) is a name and nom de guerre that was adopted by the arabs at least , @ , @ 000 years ago , with kedar as the official name . = = = = = = = the descendants of abraham and hagar are called ishmaelites , for abraham , their father , and the qedarites are named for his eldest son , qedar . the bible refers to both the qedarites and qedar tribe . old testament references include genesis ( 19 : 16 ) , isaiah ( 19 : 16 @ - @ 31 , 56 : 4 , 57 : 1 ) , jeremiah ( 19 : 4 , 56 : 16 @ - @ 31 ) , ezekiel ( 1 : 28 ) , and jeremiah ( 1 : 29 ) . often , qedar is used to refer to the eldest son of abraham , mentioned in the books of genesis and isaiah , while other references refer to his descendants , referring either to his more famous north african descendants , or to the arabs and jews , a more general group . the " tents of kedar " identified with " the # @ - @ - meshech " mentioned in the book of ezekiel ( 1 : 29 ) were originally the qedarite # @ - @ tribe . in ezekiel ( 1 : 1 ) , the tents of the qedarites are described as being : " black i am , and i , ye ##a of me / the tent of qedar , the tentcloth of salam black . " their tents were said to be made of black - cloth . the tent of salam was located just north of the nabateans at madain salih , and knauf suggests that the qedarites mentioned in this biblical account were in fact nabataeansand played a key role in the incense trade in the 5th century bce . biblical accounts suggest there were two distinct groups of qedarites : people ( arabic : wabariya ) living in cities and village people ( arabic : hadariya ) living in villages . ezekiel describes them as " a people of peace , that lives peacefully " ( 20 : 1 ) and notes that they engaged in the jewish custom of covering their heads . ezekiel describes their agricultural knowledge and trade with the animals . ( 20 : 16f ) ezekiel writes , " moses and aaron the sons of kedar , " and notes that they engaged in sheep / goats trade with the egyptians . the biblical accounts describe the livestock of the qedarites as including sheep , rams , goats and cattle . ezekiel also writes of a campaign by moses ( 630 – 562 bce ) against the qedarites during the babylonian exile . gashmu , the leader of the qedarites mentioned in the 5th century bce biblical text mentioned above , is also referred to as " geshem the persian " or " geshem the persian " by ezekiel who names him as one of his enemies , since gashmu was opposed to ezekiel ' s invasion of iraq in 447 bce . = = language and culture = = linguistic and extrabiblical evidence like that of the other tribes , the qedarites were not active in their relations with the world outside of mesopotamia . like other arabian tribes , they lived mostly in unfortified villages . pastoralists and owners of livestock , such as their sheep , cattle and goats , they also played a key role in the development of mesopotamia ' s maritime trade , and trade with the coastal regions of arabia and mesopotamia . as a result of their trading activities , there were merchants from among the qedarites that became prominent . although they were enemies of assyrian empire and were often involved in wars against that empire , the rise to power of the assyrian empire was beneficial to the qedarites . qedarite control of the trade routes and the protection they offered the merchants developed into what ezekiel describes as a friendly relationship . = = = = = = = the qedarites were among a number of the arab tribes whose contact with arameaen peoples beginning in the 4th century bce resulted in cultural contact between these and neighboring arab peoples . the various language groups of the qedarites were mostly iraqi arabic , persiansince the arabic alphabet had not yet been invented , they used the arabic script to communicate . " the language of kedar " is used in some sources as a synonym for the aramaic language . papponymy , the practice of naming children after their parents , was common among the qedar . some qedarites had aramaic personal names ( e . g . hazael and haza @ - @ el ) , while others had hebrew personal names ( e . g . gashmu and zabibe ) . aramaic culture and aramaic language were gradually absorbed by the arabs with aramaic speakers in israel , lebanon , syria , and iraq in particular under the influence of aramaic . = = = = = = = = life among the qedar , as was the case for most of the peoples of mesopotamia until the 7th century ce , was centered on a new religion in which they rose to prominence . the images of the god and goddess worshipped by qedarite people , as found in assyrian art , are those of atarsamain , nuha , ruda , daa , abirillu , and atarquruma . the original owner of these images , like the assyrian king , appeared as a goddess ( apkallatu , in assyrian language ) who communicated with the outside world . as noted above , there is some evidence that the qedar worshipped abraham @ - @ el , to whom the inscription on a copper plate from the city of qedar was dedicated . in the babylonian talmud , which was passed down secretly for centuries before being published c . 600 ce , in tractate taanis ( chapter 5b ) , it is stated that the qedarites worshipped jewish gods . = = = = = = = there is a tomb dedicated to him in qeydar , zanjan province , iran = = = = = the oral tradition of the early bronze age culture and geographical knowledge places them in a series of oral traditions . the settlers ten generations later from terah are often identified as the original ancestors of the tribes and nations that merged with the kingdom of israel in the 8th and 7th centuries bce . this is the case of the qedarite arabs , who according to oral tradition , are the descendants of the abraham @ - @ el @ - @ kedar royal family . the descendants of sayyid believe they are one of the many arab descendants of abraham , and that they are also the descendants of abraham and hisor , qedar . abu ja ' far al @ - @ baqir ( 676 – 743 ce ) wrote that his friend ali ibn muhammad told him that muhammad had died : " the one whose voice rang in the world was muhammad , when he was twelve years old . " hisham ibn muhammad al @ - @ kalbi ( 737 – 819 ce ) established a genealogical link between ali and muhammad using methods that drew on jewish and palmyran sources , and the ancient oral traditions of the arabs . his book , jamharat al @ - @ nasab ( " the book of knowledge " ) , seems to suggest that the people known as " arabs " are the descendants of muhammad . ibn kathir ( 1301 – 1373 ) wrote , " all the arabs of the world are descendants of nebaioth and qedar . " later islamic writers have also identified qedar with jews and / or muslims . according to scholar and historian irfan shahid , islamic scholars regard this notion of " arab ishmaelism " with skepticism , regarding it as , [ . . . ] a late medieval phenomenon because of the customs of those times which made it such a broad concept as to include the arabs of the south as well as the arabs of the arabian peninsula . perhaps because of this perception , the term is much more limited in its scope , and in the modern sense it refers only to certain groups among the arabs of pre @ - @ islamic times . other important observations to this effect were made by muhammed when he described some arabs as ishmaelites and others as muslims . ishmaelism in this more general sense suggests that muhammad was both an important historical figure and an ancestor for many of the arabs of northern arabia . name is given in the biblical account to the first two of noah ' s three sons , nebaioth ( arabic : نبيت , nabit ) and qedar ( arabic : قيدار , qaydar ) , who are both prominently mentioned in the biblical account . it is believed that they and their descendants originated in northern arabia and were among the most prominent of the early ishamelite tribes . in those tracing the lineage of noah back to sa ' id ( and from him to muhammad ) , the names differ , with some tracing the lineage back to nebaioth , others qedar .