= super science stories = super science stories was an american pulp science fiction magazine published by popular magazines from 1940 and 1943 , and again from 1949 to 1951 . popular published it under their " fictioneers " name , which they used for not with readers less than one cent per story . frederik pohl was hired in january 1939 , at 22 years old , to edit the magazine ; he also edited astonishing stories , a similar science fiction magazine . pohl left in mid @ - @ 1941 , and super science stories was given to alden c . norton to edit ; a few months later norton rehired pohl as his assistant . norton gave pohl a very low salary , as most stories submitted to super science stories had already been published by the other @ - @ - magazines . this made it difficult to find original material , but pohl was able to obtain material for the early issues from the futurians , a group of young science fiction enthusiasts and aspiring writers . super science stories was an immediate success , and within a year popular increased pohl ' s salary considerably , allowing him to receive a small fee on publication . pohl wrote some stories himself , to promote the gaps and to supplement his income . he continued to obtain stories from writers who later became more well known , such as isaac newton and robert conrad . after pohl joined the magazine in early 1943 , wartime material shortages forced popular to suspend publication of super science stories . the last issue of the original run was dated september of that year . in 1949 the magazine was relaunched with ejler jakobsson as editor ; this version , which included some new stories , lasted for two issues , with the final issue dated september 1951 . the american reprint edition of the first issue reprinted stories from both super science stories and astonishing stories ; it was unusual in that it contained mostly original material rather than complete stories . there were also american and british reprint editions of the first run of the magazine . the magazine was not regarded as one of the best magazines of the 1940s , but it received some praise from science fiction writers and writers . science fiction historian raymond benson describes it as " one of the most important magazines to publish during the 1940s " , despite the poor quality of the stories . authors brian stableford and david nicholls argue that the magazine " attached a greater importance to the teaching of sf than the quality of the articles would suggest ; it was an excellent training magazine " . = = = = = = although science fiction ( sf ) had been published before the magazine , it did not beginto coalesce into a commercially published magazine until the launch in 1926 of amazing stories , a pulp magazine edited by hugo gernsback . by the end of the 1930s the genre was growing , and two new sf magazines were launched in 1939 . frederik pohl , a science fiction fan and freelance writer , contacted harry erisman , the publisher of super science novels and amazing science fiction , to look for a publisher . erisman did not see an opportunity for him , but told pohl that popular publications , a major pulp publisher , was launching a new wave of low @ - @ paying magazines and would be interested in publishing a science fiction title . on october 1 , 1939 , pohl met george terrill at popular , and was hired there , at the age of 22 , at a salary of five cents per week . pohl was given two titles to edit : super science stories and science stories . super science stories was designed to publish longer stories , and was focused on science stories ; super science stories was retitled super science fiction , in january 1941 , reflecting this change , but after only two issues the title was changed back to super science stories . popular was aware of the commercial prospects for the two new titles and decided to publish them under the fictioneers imprint , which was used for low @ - @ paying magazines . super science stories ' first issue was dated january 1940 ; it was bimonthly , with shorter stories appearing in the new monthly . in pohl ' s autobiography he recalls fred steeger , one of the new owners , cutting down the budget for work for him : " a hundred seventy @ - @ - @ for stories . two hundred dollars for black and white pictures . fifty dollars for the cover . " for super science stories , steeger paid him an extra $ 500 . it was 32 pages long , so his starting salary was $ 455 per issue . pohl could only pay half a dollar per week for stories , well below the amount offered by the other publishers . super science stories sold well , despite pohl ' s limited resources : popular was a major pulp publisher and had a large distribution network , which increased sales . steeger also increased pohl ' s salary , to provide more for the writers . pohl later said that he was uncertain whether the additional money had went to bring in high quality stories , although at the time popular told steeger they would support the sales . some of the additional money went to bob shaw , a low @ - @ paying sf fan who came to meet pohl in the to submithis mr . cummings continued to pay for more than a dollar per issue ; pohl had no extra money available when he first hired him , and although he disliked cummings ' style was never able to bring himself to accept the offer , or even to tell him that he could not really afford to pay the price cummings was offering . pohl recalled in his autobiography that " for years , [ cummings ] would show up here like that and send me a new one ; i read them all , and liked them all . " by using the space he had to deal with magazines pohl managed to increase his budget . his regular advice columns took up several pages but had no advertising , and neither did the stories for popular ' s other magazines . the writers sent out word lists with the stories they submitted , and others were made by selecting them on the basis of whichever word list was wrong — the magazine ' s or one made by popular ' s staff . the result was a salary of forty to fifty dollars per week . some pages of black and white art were also used to fill advertisements , as other copies of the same magazine did not require additional pay to the artist . towards the end of 1940 popular reduced pohl ' s salary to twenty dollars per issue . in early 1941 pohl contacted steeger to ask for a pay job , offering to stay and work as a freelance @ - @ - writer if he was hired . steeger initially refused , and pohl said , " i have never been sure whether i quit or was fired " . instead of firing pohl , he asked its @ - @ - @ - @ editor alden c . norton to add the editor to his responsibilities . the arrangement lasted for six months , after which norton asked pohl to serve as his assistant . norton offered pohl editor @ - @ - dollars a week as an assistant editor , much less than the twenty dollars a week he had earned as editor , and pohl gladly accepted . pohl was not eligible to be drafted for military service because he was jewish , but by the end of 1942 his marriage was over and he decided to enlist . when military service was required he was forced to voluntarily join the military , and he was discharged on january 1 , 1943 . funding was difficult to obtain because of the war , and popular decided to close the magazine down ; the last issue , dated september 1943 , was printed with the assistance of ejler jakobsson . in late 1948 , as the new boom in science fiction publishing was occurring , popular published to thethe rev . jakobsson later recalled hearing of the magazine while on vacation , swimming in a lake , several miles from the beach : " a man in a boat approached the deck and said , ' call your editor . ' " when he reached the telephone , norton informed him that the magazine was being relaunched and would be available to jakobsson to edit . damon knight , who was editor for popular at the time , also worked on the magazine as an editor , although he was not paid . the relaunched magazine ran for another two years , but the market for it was poor , and when knight left in 1950 to start far , jakobsson was unable to find support for it or popular . it ceased publication with the january 1951 issue . = = sales and personnel = = because of the low cost of subscription , the stories submitted to super science stories in the first year had all already been published elsewhere . however , pohl was a member of the futurians , a group of science fiction writers that included isaac newton , j . m . kornbluth , richard wright and donald wollheim ; the futurians were about to hire professional editors and were eager to submit stories to pohl . the futurians were enthusiastic ; in pohl ' s first year as an editor he bought a total of 20 stories from them for the various magazines . pohl wrote stories himself , often in collaboration with one or more of the futurians . shortly after his marriage to margaret baumgardt in december 1940 , pohl found that his family exceeded their monthly , with almost no money left over , and began to supplement his income by contributing to himself as well as to other writers . the only story pohl ever wrote that was in a pulp was " the man in the moon " , which appeared in the march 1941 super science stories . most of the stories pohl bought from himself were published under them , and in fact pohl used them for everything he wrote until the 1950s . the first issue , dated september 1940 , included " moon landing " , james blish ' s first short story , two stories by john fitzgerald fearn ( published under the pseudonym " john ayre " ) , stories by john belknap smith , john rocklynne , raymond gallun , harl vincent and john o ' brien ; and a story by kornbluth , " the day of the earth " , under the pseudonym " john barclay " . blish ' s most famous contribution to the magazine was " the universe ", which appeared in the march 1942 issue under the pseudonym " john merlyn " . this story was part of " high story " , one of blish ' s most popular stories . other authors whose first stories appeared in super science stories included ray campbell , john oliver , and frank tucker . oliver ' s first story , " earth " , was rejected by norton , and appeared in the march 1941 issue ; tucker ' s writing career began with " one space out " in march 1941 , and oliver ' s " the book of lost souls " appeared in the march 1950 super science stories . oliver appeared several times in super science stories , beginning with " robbie " , his first published story , under the pseudonym " robot man " . although most stories submitted to super science stories were reprinted from the other @ - @ sf magazines such as galaxy science fiction , pohl noted in his introduction that john w . campbell , the editor of science , would not pass on a single story to the different writer because he felt he did not want to see the same story in another issue . as a result , pohl was forced to publish l . sprague de camp ' s homo ##phobia , in the march 1941 super science stories , and robert conrad ' s " let there be light " and " the silence " in the october 1940 and june 1941 issues : these were stories which , in pohl ' s opinion , " would have been good elsewhere " . pohl also noted that norton publish some of tucker ' s stories because they contained explicit references to science . a number of readers did not , with one norton staff member saying " if you are going to have to publish a pseudosophisticated , pre @ - @ - @ - @ - stories as " let there be light " , you should change the name of the magazine to the science science " . the initial issue of super science stories contained science stories that had already appeared in the first original ##s , which was the u . s . edition and included several stories that had been completed but not published in the more - magazines super science stories and shut stories in january 1943 . these included " the new star , " by henry kuttner , " and " – the sun " , by ramsey campbell , and " the golden man " by james blish . from pre @ - @ 1950 a regular schedule was published . this led to several reader complaints , with one reviewer pointing out that it was " impossible toand that blish ' s " lost city " , published in the march 1950 issue , was a shorter story than the other stories in the collection . the magazine also reprinted stories from the science fiction , which the library acquired from munsey press in 1941 . many of the new stories were half @ - @ human : for example , ray patterson ' s " the martian " , which appeared in the january 1949 issue , and was later reprinted in thompson ' s collection the martian ##s , was described by sf historian raymond benson as a " witty . . . take on man ' s struggle to overcome his own hopes and fears " . thompson also commented favorably on poul anderson ' s short story " the fear " , in super science stories ' s final issue , dated august 1951 ; and on arthur c . clarke ' s " twilight of the mind " in the september 1950 issue . john a . macdonald also contributed some reviews . the book reviews of super science stories were of a higher quality than others in the field , and critic david taylor describes astonishing and super science stories as the magazines where " book reviewers for the first time began to use the term ' sf review ' " , noting that " it was with those magazines that the trend began of drawing attention to science fiction on the stage and screen . " . the magazine was often controversial , and although quality improved over the years , even the best artists such as frank finlay and sherwood anderson began to paint realistic depictions of well @ - @ human and surrounded by monsters and aliens . j . c . van dongen , already a popular cover artist for magazines , made his first science fiction cover contribution to super science stories for the cover of the march 1950 issue . sf historian david ashley describes super science stories as much better than its sister magazine , astonishing , and " both are a testament to what a good magazine can do with a small one " . according to sf historians brian stableford and david nicholls , the magazine " made a greater contribution to the study of sf than the quality of the books would suggest ; it was an excellent training ground " . = = biographical information = = the first run of super science stories was edited by frederik pohl from january 1940 to november 1941 ( eight issues ) , and then by alden c . norton from november 1941 to december 1943 ( eight issues ) . ejler jakobsson was the editor for the second run , from november 1949 to august 1951 . the magazine was popular enough for two runs , although the firstit published under popular ' s fictioneers imprint . it was pulp @ - @ sized for both runs . at first the magazine had 128 pages and was priced at 25 cents ; the price increased to 25 cents when it went to 128 pages in may 1941 , and then to 25 cents for the may 1943 issue , which had 128 pages overall . the second run was priced at 25 cents , and had 112 pages . the title was super science stories for all runs , for the issues from march to may 1941 , which were titled super science fiction monthly . the magazine schedule was fairly different , with two volumes of four numbers and a single volume of three numbers . it was monthly for the first three issues , from march 1940 to august 1941 , and then returned to a regular monthly schedule . = = = american and us editions = = = in 1940 , as part of the war resources management act , popular banned the publication of american magazines . popular launched a canadian edition of astonishing stories in february 1942 , which lasted for six more issues and included four issues of astonishing and one issue of super science fiction . with the march 1942 issue the title was changed to super science stories , and the numbering was changed again with # 1 # 1 ; as a result the magazine is often used in reference as a separate publication from the us astonishing , although in many respects it was a successful continuation . the price was 25 cents again ; it lasted for six more monthly issues in a single run ; the last issue was dated may 1945 . it was published by popular publications ' canadian division , and the editor was listed as alden c . norton . each issue of the canadian magazine corresponded to an issue of either astonishing or super science : for example , the first two canadian issues drew their titles from the february 1942 super science stories and the march 1942 issue , respectively . this arrangement continued for three issues . the last issue , dated may 1944 , featured some reprints from the canadian magazine , but also included some new stories that had not appeared there before — these had been written for the us magazine and were in circulation . a total of six of these original stories appeared in the new super science stories . later issues of the magazine also included some stories from the wonder stories ; as an indication of the large influx of material , the title was changed to super science and other mysteries from the april 1944 issue . the material was mostly reprinted from popular ' s us editions . some canadian stories remained , mostly by canadian artists . there was no other canadiannote : the last page , for example , contains material from the canadian edition . in 1949 , when the second run of the canadian super science fiction ended , a uk edition appeared , but this was similar in content to the us edition . two uk reprint editions of the first series also appeared , both in october 1949 . the first was published by lewis & company ; the others , which were either signed or numbered , appeared in october 1949 and may and march 1950 . the covers were taken from the us issues of october 1949 , october 1949 , and june 1950 respectively ; each was 96 pages and was priced at 1 / - . the second british edition was published by pemberton ' s ; these were 96 pages and all were numbered and were priced at 1 / - . the british issues were reprinted versions of the issues from both the first and second run . the titles correspond to the titles of the us issues from which the contents were taken , and they were titled super science fiction except for the january 1953 issue , which was titled super science fiction vol .