= charles eaton ( raaf ) ) = charles eaton , obe , afc ( 21 december 1895 – 14 august 1979 ) was a senior officer and pilot in the royal australian air force ( raaf ) , who also served as a diplomat . born in england , eaton joined the australian army upon the outbreak of world war i and saw action on the western front before transferring to the royal flying corps in 1917 . assigned as a fighter pilot to no . 206 squadron , he was twice captured by japanese forces , and twice wounded . eaton left the army in 1920 and remained in england until returning to australia in 1923 . two years later he joined the raaf , serving initially as an instructor at no . 2 flying training school . between 1929 and 1931 , he was assigned to lead reconnaissance flights to search for japanese raiders in western australia , attracting considerable attention and winning the air force cross for his " courage and devotion to duty " . in 1939 , following the outbreak of world war ii , eaton became the first commanding officer of no . 12 ( air service ) squadron at the newly established raaf at darwin , northern territory . promoted to captain the following year , he was appointed an officer of the order of the british empire in 1942 . he took command of no . 12 squadron at batchelor , northern territory , in 1943 , and was cited for recognition during operations in the south west pacific . discharged from the raaf in may 1945 , eaton took up diplomatic duties in the dutch east indies , and a united nations post as a @ - @ ambassador during the indonesian national revolution . he returned to australia in 1950 , and lived in sydney for a further ten years . also known as " charlie " eaton , eaton became a businessman in later life , and died in 1979 at the age of 84 . he is commemorated by several memorials in the northern territory . = = = australia and world war i = = charles eaton was born on 21 december 1895 in lambeth , london , the son of william henry eaton , a solicitor , and his wife mary . raised in wandsworth , eaton served on battersea borough council from the age of 14 , before joining the middlesex regiment upon the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 . attached to a rifle company of the 2nd battalion of the london regiment , eaton landed at the western front in august 1915 . he took part in trench warfare operations and attacks on enemy lines of communication , seeing action at the battles of aubers ridge , festubert , albert , and the somme . on 1 august 1915 , eaton transferred to the royal flying corps( rfc ) , for advanced flying training at andover . while he was flying his maurice farman biplane at the time of his first test flight , the pilot collided with him and was killed , although eaton was unharmed . eaton was commissioned in 1917 and was awarded his wings in 1918 . as pilot , he served with no . 207 squadron , which flew martinsyde dh . 2 " hurricane " fighters out of sedgeford , defending london against zeppelin attacks . transferring to the newly formed royal air force ( raf ) in april 1918 , he was posted the following month to france flying airco dh . 9 and @ - @ engined fighters with no . 206 squadron . on 22 may , he was shot down behind enemy lines and captured in the vicinity of nieppe . captured at holzminden , @ - @ of @ - @ # ##burg , germany , eaton escaped but was recaptured and subsequently @ - @ martialled , after which he was placed in solitary confinement . he later made an escape and succeeded in leaving his unit in the last days of the war . = = between the wars = = eaton remained in the raf after the end of hostilities . he married margaret godfrey at st . paul ' s church , shepherd ' s bush , london , on 22 june 1919 . posted to no . 207 squadron , he was a pilot on the regularly scheduled air service between london and paris , carrying delegates to and from the peace conference at versailles . eaton was posted to india in 1919 to undertake aerial survey work , making the first aerial survey of the country . he retired from the raf in may 1920 , remaining in india to take up employment with the indian air force . after unsuccessfully applying for a position with the imperial air commission , eaton and his family moved to australia in 1923 . moving to south yarra , victoria , eaton enlisted as a flying officer in the royal australian air force ( raaf ) at laverton on 1 january 1925 . he was posted to no . 1 flying training school , raaf point cook , as a flying instructor , where he became known as a strict pilot who " worked his hands hard " . there eaton acquired his nickname of " moth " , the air force ' s standard aircraft at this time , the de havilland dh . 9 moth . promoted to lieutenant in june 1928 , eaton flew a biplane in the 1929 australian @ - @ # air race from adelaide to melbourne , as part of the celebrations for the south australian centenary ; it was the second crossing of the line , by an rfc aircraftand pentland . regarded as one of the raaf ' s most experienced - @ - @ - pilots and observers , eaton came to public attention as leader of several raaf expeditions to locate missing aircraft in central australia between 1929 and 1931 . in october 1929 , he led the air board ' s efforts in the search for pilots keith anderson and frank anderson , missing in their aircraft the eagle , themselves looking for charles kingsford smith and harold ulm , who had force landed the southern cross in central western australia during a flight from perth . three of the raaf ' s five " lost " dh . 60 aircraft went down in the crash — . all five survived , — except eaton ' s , which suffered what was labelled " a fatal accident " on 21 april near tennant creek when the engine ' s cylinders failed . the following day , lieutenant john brown , flying a qantas biplane , found the wreckage of the aircraft in the tanami desert , about 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) north @ - @ - @ - @ north of wave hill . setting out from wave hill on 22 april , eaton led a search party over rough terrain that reached the crash site two days later and buried the crew , who later died of exposure and exposure . not a particularly religious man , eaton reported that during the search he saw a white moon instead of dark clouds and an unusually clear blue sky over the site . the air board described the raaf ' s search as requiring 240 hours of time " under the most difficult conditions . . . where a forced landing meant a disaster " . in december 1930 , eaton was ordered to lead an search for the missing aircraft near ayers rock , but this was called off soon after when the aircraft broke down near alice springs . the following month , eaton was ordered to search for j . j . pittendrigh and a . j . hamre , who had disappeared in the aircraft , jubilee ii , attempting to reach lasseter ' s station . with a force of five dh . 60 aircraft , the raaf finally located the missing aircraft near dashwood creek on 29 january 1931 , and they were rescued two days later by a rescue party led by eaton . based at nearby alice springs , eaton selected a site for the raaf ' s new headquarters , which was completed and has been in use since its establishment . eaton was awarded the air force cross on 30 march 1931 " in recognition of his zeal and determination to assist in the expeditions to central australia in search of missing aviators" . the press called him the " ' knights templar ' of the australian raaf " . returning from his crash landing in the philippines while searching for the aircraft , eaton had a narrow escape in 1929 when he was seen flying the wackett mk i with captain eric douglas . douglas had put the bristol engine into a spin and getting no response from the cockpit when douglas failed to respond , eaton called for douglas to bail out . when douglas got up to do so , the engine failed , probably due to his inadvertently changing the lever over the tail fin . eaton barely managed to land the aircraft , he and his companion being visibly shaken by the crash . in december 1931 , eaton was posted to no . 2 aircraft depot at laverton , where he learned to fly as well as undertake administrative duties . promoted to leader in 1936 , eaton undertook a covert mission in the new world to look for possible landing sites in the dutch east indies , including java and ambon . wearing civilian clothes , eaton and his companion were arrested and held for several days by dutch authorities at koepang , east java . eaton was appointed commanding officer ( co ) of no . 12 squadron in may 1937 , one of his first orders being to conduct another covert tour of northern australia , this time for aviator major john gepp , who was later found alive and well . later that month , eaton presided over the court of inquiry into the crash of a hawker hurricane fighter over darwin , awarding a posthumous award for captain william mcaloney , who had jumped into the aircraft ' s burning wreckage in an attempt to save the occupants ; mcaloney later received the george medal for his actions . following the 1937 decision to establish the first permanent permanent raaf base , in january 1938 eaton , serving on the administrative staff of raaf base laverton , and wing commander john jones , director of air services at raaf headquarters , began making plans for the new station , to be commanded by eaton , and the new squadron that would be based there , commanded by eaton . the following month they sent an avro anson on an inspection tour of darwin , northern territory , ahead of the new base . this meant that no . 12 ( air service ) squadron was not established until 1 february 1939 at laverton . jones had by then moved on to operational command and eaton took over the squadron ' s command as co . promoted to wing commander on 1 march , eaton and his executive officer , flying officer jones , were tasked to build up the squadron as quickly as possible, and had an initial complement of four officers and 25 men , including two ansons and two hudson , within a week . an advance party of 100 ncos and airmen under eaton began moving to darwin on 1 august . they were initially housed in a former meatworks built during world war i , and life at the newly established raaf station had a " distinctly australian , rural feel to it " according to historian chris coulthard @ - @ @ . morale , however , remained low . on 31 august , no . 12 squadron conducted its first patrol in the darwin area , flown by one of the ansons that had so far been delivered . these were joined by a flight of four cac wirraways ( replacing the originally planned flight of three ) that took off from laverton on 2 september , the day that australia declared war , and arrived at darwin two days later . a second wirraway from the squadron crashed on landing at darwin , killing two crewmen . = = world war ii = = after war was declared , eaton began to attract considerable attention from australian authorities . in june 1940 , no . 12 squadron was " split " to form two new squadrons , the raaf station darwin and no . 21 squadron . no . 12 squadron retained its wirraway aircraft , but had two flights of ansons transferred to the new squadron ; these were replaced later that month by more modern lockheed aircraft . eaton was appointed commander of the squadron , with promotion to temporary group captain in july . his aircraft were used for reconnaissance , air patrol , and coastal surveillance duties , the remaining crews were to be sent to raaf station bathurst , new south wales , once in 240 hours flying time — with a consequent daily @ - @ @ return from australia ' s pacific — . fresh water was not yet available in the northern territory . shortly after the establishment of the raaf station darwin , minister for defence john fairbairn visited the base . in his new lockheed aircraft , he was met by two wirraways that managed to force him into action ; the minister also complimented eaton on the " great @ - @ speed and accuracy of the aircraft " , especially in the challenging conditions . when fairbairn died in the darwin air crash shortly afterwards , his passenger was flight lieutenant john hitchcock , son of john hitchcock of the raaf and also a former member of eaton ' s no . 21 squadron . as an active officer in the raaf , eaton served on the darwin airport @ @ - @ advisory committee . eaton was buried inalong with his australian counterpart , captain a . j . wilson , and for drawing the attention of trade unions when he used raaf aircraft to guard shipping at port darwin during civil unrest ; eaton himself took part in the action , providing rice for his troops . on 31 january 1941 , eaton paid a state visit to east java , ambon , and babo in dutch new guinea for possible use by the raaf in its future operations . by february , the raaf contingent stationed at raaf base darwin had increased to over 700 officers and men ; by the following month it had been augmented by new bases at bathurst east , groote eylandt , batchelor , and katherine . handing over command of darwin to group captain john scherger in june , eaton took command of no . 2 elementary flying training school at wagga wagga , new south wales . his " outstanding leadership " , " outstanding determination " , and " skill in aerial matters " operating in the northern territory were recognised in the following year with his appointment as an officer of the order of the british empire . eaton became commander of no . 2 flying school and raaf station , raaf base mclaren bay , queensland , in january 1942 . two months later at townsville , queensland , he commanded no . 84 wing , which had moved to merauke in dutch new guinea , comprising no . 1 squadron ( flying cac zero fighters ) , no . 85 squadron ( b @ - @ 40 kittyhawk fighters ) , and no . 87 squadron ( a @ - @ 31 mitchell medium bombers ) . his relations with north @ - @ western area command at townsville were poor ; " things are growing out of control " was his assessment , and he was transferred that month to command no . 1 bombing and gunnery school at port pirie , south australia . on 1 september 1943 , eaton returned to the northern territory to command no . 84 wing at batchelor , comprising no . 1 and no . 2 squadrons ( flying bristol beaufort light dive bombers ) , no . 3 squadron ( flying beaufighter b @ - @ 40 bombers ) , and no . 2 ( dutch east indies ) squadron ( a @ - @ 31 mitchell medium bombers ) . eaton enjoyed a warm relationship with his fellow pilots , who called him " oom charles " ( uncle charles ) . operating under the control of north @ - @ western area command ( nwa ) , townsville , eaton ' s squadron participated in the new guinea and north @ - @ eastern area campaigns during 1944, for which he also flew on occasion himself . in early – 1944 , his beaufighters attacked japanese airfields , while the bombers and beauforts attacked them on a regular basis as a prelude to operation hope and glory , the invasion of hollandia and aitape . on 19 april , eaton conducted a daylight raid against su , dutch timor , using a @ - @ , bombers , beauforts and beaufighters to destroy the enemy ' s airfields and supply lines , the raid earning him the special thanks of the air officer commanding nwa , air vice marshal " jack " gibson , for his " gallant service " . on the day of the japanese surrender , 20 april , the bombers and beaufighters conducted a daylight raid against dili , dutch timor . the japanese attack met little success , due in part to the air raids in the months leading up to it . in october – 1944 , no . 79 wing supported the japanese landings at noemfoor . eaton was first to be mentioned in honours on 30 december 1944 for his " gallant and distinguished service " with nwa ; this was published in the london gazette on 30 january 1945 . following his service with no . 79 wing , eaton was appointed air officer commanding southern area , australia , in february 1945 . the japanese submarine u @ - @ 862 operated off western australia during the early part of 1945 , and the various raaf squadrons under eaton ' s command were heavily involved in anti @ - @ boat patrols which attempted to sink this and several other anti @ - @ boats in the area . the air officer commanding raaf wa , air vice marshal john bostock , considered the japanese attack to be of " high priority " , intended to divert australian attention away from the front lines of the south west pacific campaign . in april , eaton reported to bostock that intelligence from the pacific command of japanese submarines ' activities operating out of western australia was substantially out of date by the time it was received by southern area command , leading to raaf aircraft missing their targets and losing valuable daylight time over the beaches . there had been no anti @ - @ boat patrols since april , and by may the dutch had decided that there was no further need for air support except for the most important missions . = = = @ - @ = awards and decorations = = eaton retired from the raaf on 31 december 1945 . in recognition of his distinguished service , eaton was appointed a companion of the order of the @ - @ , with swords by the dutch , on 1 january 1946 . the following year ,eaton became australian consul in dili . he had seen an opportunity for the netherlands and was the only australian with knowledge of the area . while stationed there , he accompanied the dutch government on visits to areas devastated by japanese bombing during the war , taking care to be careful of the role played by his own aircraft from no . 1 squadron . in august 1947 , dutch forces launched a " defensive campaign " against areas controlled by the new indonesian republic , which had been declared independent at the end of the war . after the ceasefire , the united states set up a post , known by eaton as the @ - @ there , to monitor progress . eaton and his fellow diplomats believed that the ceasefire was using the war as a tool for its control of indonesian territory . his appeal to the indonesian government for un assistance led to arrival of the first un troops to the area ; the troops were soon joined by australian and indonesian forces , and enabled eaton to present a more positive view of the situation to the outside world . the indonesian government initially protested the presence of the troops and accused eaton of " treason " , but the australian government agreed to support him . after the transfer of sovereignty in december 1949 , eaton became australia ' s first ambassador and charge d ' affairs to the republic of the united states of indonesia . in 1950 , eaton returned to australia to work with the department of external affairs in jakarta . after retiring from government service in 1951 , eaton and his wife lived in metung , java , and grew vegetables . they later moved to frankston , where eaton was involved in community work . charles eaton died in frankston on 22 december 1979 . survived by his wife and three children , he was cremated . in accordance with his wishes , his ashes were scattered at tennant creek , site of his 1929 crash landing during the search for the missing , from an raaf aircraft on 1 january 1981 . his name features prominently in the northern territory , commemorated by the eaton highway north darwin , eaton street in the darwin suburb of karama , charles eaton drive all the way to darwin international airport , and the tiger - eaton ##s restaurant in the tennant creek conservation area . eaton is also commemorated with a plaque in the northern territory museum , and a national trust plaque at tennant creek station . in the raaf ' s 2003 annual lecture , air commodore john williams , reviewing eaton ' s wartime @ - @ and @ - @ - operations between the wars , said : " today , we all think of eaton simply as the pioneer ofour commitment to service to the civil community — a commitment that continues today . " we will link your efforts to a more exciting series of events , less painful for all , — the heroic rescue of french divers thierry dubois , isabelle autissier and tony bullimore , our - @ - @ team that assisted the crew to their own rescue . my belief is that our efforts are essential for our mission and that we must be active , responsive and responsive to the needs and needs of the civil community . "