= devin townsend = devin _ ##son ( born may 5 , 1972 ) is a canadian musician , songwriter and record producer . he was the founder , bassist , vocalist , and guitarist of heavy metal band the young lad from 1994 to 2007 and had an extensive career as a solo artist . after playing in a number of heavy metal bands since high school , townsend was approached by a record label in 1993 and was asked to sing lead vocals on steve vai ' s album love & violence . while recording and touring with vai , townsend became frustrated with what he saw in the music industry , and expressed his frustration with the 1994 album heavy - heavy - heavy , released under the name the young lad . he later formed a band under the name , and released the critically acclaimed album in 1997 . since then , townsend has released three more solo albums with the young lad , along with two albums released on his own independent record label , hevydevy records . townsend ' s solo albums , a diverse mix of hard rock , folk rock , jazz , and the @ - @ project , have featured a revolving door of guest musicians . in 2002 townsend formed the devin townsend band , a rotating ensemble which recorded and toured for all of his solo albums . in 2007 , townsend left both strapping young lad and the devin townsend band , taking a break from music to spend more time with his family . after a twenty @ - @ year hiatus , townsend began touring again , and officially announced the formation of the devin townsend project . the project began with a series of three albums , released from 2009 to 2011 , each recorded in a different studio , and has continued to record and tour under the townsend name . in all his albums and projects , townsend has released twenty @ - @ year studio albums and two live albums . townsend ' s distinctive vocal style , with its wide multitracked range of sound , has been compared to the work of phil spector and frank zappa . his distinctive vocal style ranges from raw to an almost @ - @ esque quality , and his songwriting is very complex . townsend ' s musical style is rooted in americana , and his albums are said to reflect many aspects of his life . = = = = = = = = early musical development ( 1972 – 1994 ) = = = devin townsend was born in new westminster , british columbia , on may 5 , 1972 . he took up the guitar when he was 8 , and began playing drums when he was 12 . as an early age he met brian " beav " waddell , whowould later play guitar in members of the devin townsend band and later in the devin townsend band . townsend played in several local bands while he was in high school , and joined snow patrol at the age of 17 . around the same time he joined a local chicago band called black flag , replacing jed simon on bass and playing alongside drummer mike stroud , both of whom would later become members of townsend ' s own band , strap ##ping lad . in 1993 , townsend began writing songs under the name noisescapes , a band he has described as " just as good as strapping young lad " . he recorded a noisescapes demo and sent it to several record labels . atlantic records came to him with a record deal and he began working on what was to become the first noisescapes album , infinity . shortly after , the label introduced him to guitarist steve vai . impressed with townsend ' s vocal ability , vai offered him the role of the lead vocalist on his 1994 album sex and religion . after recording sex and religion , townsend joined vai on a world tour in support of the album . townsend then landed a second guitar job , this time with the backing band of vai ' s band , the wildhearts . he performed live with the band for most of 1994 in chicago , and appeared as a guest vocalist on their single infinity . simon , the band ' s frontman , became close friends with townsend , later joining @ - @ on several songs on infinity and the christeen + + + ep . while on tour with the wildhearts , townsend formed a co @ - @ style death metal band with metallica ' s former @ - @ guitarist jason newsted . the band , known as ir8 , featured newsted on vocals and bass , townsend on guitar , and mike campbell of testament on drums . the band recorded a few songs together , although townsend stated that they never intended to go further than that . " people heard about us and said we needed to put out a record , which was just not happening , " townsend said . " people took this stuff way too seriously . " a demo tape was put out , but the album was not released until 2002 , when newsted released the ir8 vs . sexoturica ep . although townsend was proud of what he had done very early in his career , he became frustrated by his relationship with the music industry . " it was just a part of someone else ' s life , and it was incompatible with my own life , " he later said . " this stuff was app##alling . " townsend wanted to get his solo career off the ground . despite playing several live performances with other bands , however , townsend had to face rejection of his own music . relativity records dropped noisescapes from their roster shortly after townsend accepted vai ' s offer , seeing little commercial appeal in townsend ' s music . " i had a feeling they had offered me a deal to allow me to work with steve , " he said . while touring with the wildhearts , townsend received a phone call from an a & m executive for relativity records , expressing an interest in his music and an intent to sign him . the call was later denied by the management of relativity , who described townsend ' s music as " pure crap " . = = = heavy as a really heavy thing , 1999 ( 1994 – 1998 ) = = = in 1994 , century media records offered townsend a contract to record " two solo albums " . he agreed to a five @ - @ record deal with the record label , and he performed most of the guitar work on the 1994 album , and the 1995 album hard times by heavy metal band front line assembly . townsend continued to record music under the name the young lad . he avoided using his real name at this point in time , looking for a fresh start after his five @ - @ / vai departure . " at the time , i wanted to avoid at least having to use my name because i was known as the singer for steve vai and that wasn ' t the best name to get , " he later said . " i was playing someone else ' s music and i was unknown with respect to that name . " townsend wrote and played almost all the instruments on the 1994 studio album , heavy as a really heavy thing , which was released in march 1995 . following the release of the album , townsend and two other musician friends he met in vancouver recorded his first solo album in 1996 , the bruster – , on tape . produced and recorded in under a year , the album was described as a classic of punk rock , and in the process of trying out for commercial release . townsend formed his own independent record label , hevydevy records , to release the album . townsend added a new lineup of the young lad to the project , including original bass guitarist gene hoglan , along with townsend ' s former bandmates jed ##ward on drums and mike stroud on bass . the five @ - @ record album was released in 1997 . to this day , the album is still considered a##ping young lad ' s debut album , with metal hammer calling it " epic " and allmusic calling it " one of the greatest metal albums of all time " . townsend himself called city the band ' s " classic " album . later that year , townsend released his second solo album , ocean machine : biomech . the album was a mix of hard rock , metal , and progressive rock . after the release of city and ocean machine : biomech , townsend decided to address his mental illness . " i started to see human beings as a living , energy consuming , living thing , " he said , " living forms sucking energy into themselves and making things that the other living pieces of metal fail to understand . " in 1997 , townsend checked himself into a mental @ - @ psychiatric facility , where he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder . the experience helped him understand where the two extremes of his disorder were coming from ; he said his disorder " gave way to the two extremes that are today ' s city , and ocean machine : biomech . " after being released from the hospital , townsend felt that " everything just clicked " and he was able to record his third solo album , infinity , which he described as " the first album " of city and ocean machine : biomech , with songs produced by himself . he returned to the studio , assisted by hoglan , to work on the album , on which he played all of the instruments . infinity was released in november 1998 . later in his life , townsend has cited infinity as his favorite solo album . with infinity , townsend decided to release all music releases of ping young lad under his own name , including the ocean machine album , to avoid confusion . he wanted to show that despite the highly personal nature of his music , they were still a part of his life . the album biomech was relabeled and released as ocean machine : biomech , using townsend ' s name , to reflect the new identity . townsend ' s bandmates continued to perform two sets of their shows , one as ping young lad , and one as the devin townsend band , performing songs from townsend ' s solo project . = = = x and terria ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = = townsend ' s solo project took two years to come to light . following the release of the ir8 ##2 album , townsend and jason newsted had begun work on a new album , fizzicist , which they described as " more than ping young lad " . when the album##8 that was 2001 , newsted ' s metallica bandmates james hetfield and lars ulrich approved of the project . hetfield was " really happy " that newsted was working with the band , and newsted was discouraged by his bandmates from working on any other musical projects . with the project abandoned , townsend instead produced the album himself , calling it physics . he recruited his rising young lad bandmates to record it , the first time this lineup was present on a devin townsend album . the thrash @ - @ consciousness album was released in november 2000 , and is generally considered a turning point in townsend ' s career . hoglan and the rest of the band were pleased with the way the album was recorded , and townsend considered it his best album to date . although he had " lost a lot of time " with city , townsend felt he had the potential to make a more experimental and personal album . townsend was inspired one day while driving in canada with his girlfriend , and wanted to make an " industrial " album closer to his own . townsend wrote and recorded terria , a " more experimental thrash @ - @ of @ - @ consciousness " album , with gene hoglan on drums , craig mcfarland on bass and jamie meyer on guitar . townsend cited ween ' s sgt pepper as an inspiration for the album . terria was released in june 2001 . = = = rising young lad / synchestra ( 2003 – 2006 ) = = = townsend ' s solo career lasted until 2002 . after a two @ - @ consciousness tour from city , rising young lad reunited to record a new album . townsend wrote the album , rising young lad , as an emotional response to the attacks of september 11 , 2001 , in the united states . " if the world ' s going to blow up , " said townsend , " let ' s make the time for it . " the album ' s lyrics were based more on fear and despair than the " dark " themes of city . musically , rising young lad was less experimental than city , and more reminiscent of heavy metal , with a " thrash @ - @ than @ - @ consciousness " rock music style . townsend cited front line assembly , grotus , and samael ' s death as influences . the thrash @ - @ consciousness album was released in november 2003 . it received mixed reviews , with critics considering it inferior to city , but it became the band ' s first platinum album , peaking at 97th place on billboard ' s topheatseekers records . while the young lad was being recorded , townsend formed a new , smaller band " on par with ours " to record and tour for his solo albums . the devin townsend band consisted of brian " beav " waddell on guitar , mike smith on bass , ryan van poederooyen on drums , and dave young on keyboards . young performed guitar , bass , and keyboards , as he did with the young lad . townsend worked on the band ' s second album , accelerated evolution , at the same time he was working with the young lad , working half the time on one and half on the other . accelerated evolution , known for the difficulty of putting a new album together in about a year , was released a year after the young lad . mike d . of metal hammer called it " the album of the week " , praising it for " the hard @ - @ to @ - @ - ##ing of being simple and straightforward , not heavy ' n ' rockin ' but melodic and melodic . " prior to the formation of the devin townsend band , townsend often performed his solo material live with the strapping young lad band ; the band would play one set of the young lad songs and one set of devin townsend songs . after the release of accelerated evolution , townsend ' s two bands toured together for their respective albums . the young lad began work on their second album , alien , in early 2004 . feeling that the band ' s first album did not live up to expectations , townsend decided to take his music to a new level . to prepare for the new album , townsend began taking the medication used to treat his bipolar disorder . " i think that as an adult , in order for me to get to the emotional edge , i kind of feel the need to explore , and sometimes that just takes you to places that are a little different , " he said . " and there is no exception with that . " although townsend called the album an " incredible wall of noise " , it was well received upon its release , selling hard @ , @ 697 copies in its first week and appearing on the billboard charts . during this time , townsend also contributed to the soundtrack of the video game alien : man of steel . shortly thereafter townsend began putting together the next devin townsend solo album , with the working title alien . townsend described the album as the more " mature " sequel to alien . " it ' s basically a record about coming back home to earth and being in contact with aliens for a year ." the album ended up being titled synchestra and was released in may 2006 . townsend showcased a wide range of musical styles on synchestra , including his trademark " hard rock " with influences from jazz , classical , and middle eastern music . the second strap young lad album , the new world , was released later in 2006 . = = = ziltoid the alien and beyond ( 2006 – 2008 ) = = = townsend retired from touring to spend time with his family . from there , he recorded his third dark horse album , the invasion , releasing it exclusively through his website in late 2006 . in early 2007 , townsend released ziltoid the alien , a tongue @ - @ - @ - @ hard rock album about the eponymous fictional alien . this is not a concept album ; townsend programmed the music for drumkit from hell , a custom drum kit that uses samples created by tomas haake of meshuggah and plays all the instruments himself . shortly after the album ' s release , townsend announced that he no longer wanted to tour or record music with strap young lad or the devin townsend project . he stated that he was " worn out from touring , writing , and self discovery " and wanted to do solo work , record music , and spend time with his family without the stress of touring and performing . in 2008 , townsend lent his voice to characters in several episodes of the adult swim series metalocalypse ( see the character of metalocalypse for details ) . the original character design for bob the builder , one of the series ' main characters , bore a strong resemblance to townsend . the series ' tongue @ - @ creator brendon smith noticed the resemblance , and changed the character before the series began . " we made sure he didn ' t look like devin townsend . we gave him the hat and the dreadover so he wouldn ' t look like that . " = = = devin townsend ii ( 2008 – 2012 ) = = = after removing himself from the music scene , townsend created his own # ##cut and gave up touring and performing . he found it " strange " that he had started making music without drugs , and that he had difficulty finding his voice as a musician . he spent a year making music in search of drugs , but found it difficult and decided to " give up the guitar and just write " . this began a period of " self discovery " where he learned " how to write without drugs " . over the years , townsend released over 200project , and felt that they fell into " two different categories " . in february 2009 , townsend announced his plans for a new @ - @ album series called devin townsend project , with the goal of defining his musical identity and being " unique " for the music he presented to the world . the series ' s concept included a different " persona " and a different cast of musicians for each album . ki , the first installment of the devin townsend project , was intended to " set the tone " for the subsequent albums . townsend created his own @ - @ under pressure and evolved into ki , a " dark , experimental " album , which deals with much of the music he has become known for . the lead vocals were provided by che aimee dorval ( formerly of ghost ) . ki was released in may 2009 . the next installment , a " dark , and experimental " album called ki , was released in october 2009 and featured guest vocals from townsend and dutch singer anneke van giersbergen . brian " beav " waddell was recruited from the devin townsend project to play guitar . townsend took to the road in early 2010 , touring north america with the bands the buried and me as well as within and beyond the grave . this was followed by a short tour of australia and a series of four @ - @ tour shows in europe ( for example , @ - @ headlined the nuclear assault festival in czech republic ) . townsend announced a north american tour with his label , rise records , which began in october 2010 , and continued throughout 2011 with support from liquid liquid and anneke van giersbergen . the third and fourth albums in the devin townsend project series , addicted and ghost , were released independently on october 23 , 2011 . in november 2011 , the devin townsend project recordings with new musicians were released as the first townsend box set . townsend produced all four of devin townsend project albums in london and recorded them for a live box set titled beyond the sea : live in london 2011 that was released on january 21 , 2012 . the first four shows were held at the university of london theatre , november , – 11 , 2011 . ki , addicted , and ghost all only performed for one night , respectively . the opening for addicted was held at the union chapel , islington on december 11 , 2011 . these four shows were collectively titled " an evening with the devin townsend project " . despite the devin townsend project being considered a new @ - @ music project , townsend decided to continue working on the album andand the second album , epicloud on september 18 , 2012 . also featuring anneke van giersbergen on vocals , epicloud charted on the european charts , peaking at number one in belgium . on september 18 , 2012 , devin townsend performed the first @ - @ hour show of his solo career at the sound surgery at london in london . the one @ - @ hour show was recorded in high definition and released on dvd and blu @ - @ released on january 22 , 2013 . also in 2012 , townsend played guitar on the future shock records album noistalgia . he also produced the album . another album townsend has released several times between 2009 and 2012 is ghost , an album of " dark , f ##y electronic music " recorded with an " ampeg synthesizer " and an " electronic keyboard " . working with other musicians around at that time , townsend said in 2012 the ghost sound was perfect for the position until " he wakes up and says ' he wants to do it ' " . = = = casualties of cool and z2 ( 2012 – - ) = = = after ghost and ghost , townsend released a third album , casualties of cool , with which he continues to work after the release of epicloud . the album features che aimee dorval ( from montreal ) on bass and david agren on drums . townsend said the album sounds like " old johnny cash songs " and " late night songs " , but it will be different than anything he has done before . townsend considers the sound of the album to be " close to his heart " at this stage of his career , and that it is an important and important album he doesn ' t want to miss . the album was released in november 2013 , and a bonus disc was also released for the album , containing the bonus tracks from the original album as well as tracks from ghost 2 , the second compilation of the songs from ghost . also in 2012 , townsend said that this album would be the third and the final album in the devin townsend ghost series , but he later confirmed that casualties of cool was his next project . townsend then launched a crowdfunding campaign on pledgemusic to fund the release of the album . the campaign never exceeded its goal , and no further funds were given out to townsend ' s ghost project . casualties of cool was released on november 14 , 2014 . the album was blu @ - @ released again on may 14 , 2016 with an additional dvd with live footage from the 2014 show at the union chapel in new . from2009 , townsend worked on a new @ - @ running radio project called z ² , a sequel to the album ziltoid the musical ( 2007 ) . when announced 2012 , townsend stated he " may have just written the most songs he ' s ever done " for the project , and that there was a large amount of ziltoid himself writing on the project . also , in january 2013 , the new @ - @ running radio station teamrock ##er aired the first episode of ziltoid radio , a weekly radio show written entirely by ziltoid , this being an aspect of the z ² project . townsend never discussed whether " ztv " or " ziltoid tv " was on the project . devin townsend stated he had found the project difficult to do and deal with amidst writing and recording , as " it takes a lot of time " to create the music with the @ - @ running @ - @ running and touring . after writing material for over 100 songs , townsend stated he was finally able to finish the new album , and by the end the album would be released on april 1 , 2014 . the recording sessions ended in october 2014 , and the final release was the album , a ziltoid radio special and a live show , with a " new graphic novel , " and a dvd . the project itself is a double album , with disc one featuring the solo material and disc two featuring devin townsend solo material ; according to townsend , the album ' s title is " ziltoid against the world " . the devin townsend solo album is called gravity , and the ziltoid album is called dark matter . when announcing the album , townsend stated the project was " impossible " and an " absolute nightmare to do " due to lack of work against his schedule . he also announced the end of the project , saying " if he was ever going to start drinking [ again ] , the six months would have done it " , but that " he ' s going to get drunk again " . however , " once the pain of doing so has passed " , townsend stated he was very happy with the album . townsend also announced at least a short @ - @ running hiatus , starting with the z ² show taking place at the royal albert hall on april 1 , 2015 . during the short extended hiatus townsend wanted to " regain his energy " , " get some space and relax " and to " see what the next day holds " for him . in 2014 , devin released a ' different world ' songin los angeles with producer brian may , townsend ultimately decided against it . devin said he was against the album being released due to the current hard rock trend in rock music . he described it as a " classic heavy metal devin album " . on december 9 , 2015 devin announced via twitter that he was recording vocals for a song by steve vai . as of january 2016 , devin was in the process of recording the new dtp album , titled live at air studios in london . = = = life = = townsend has been married to lauren townsend , his girlfriend since he was 17 . she gave birth to their first child , reyner liam johnstan ##d , on october 4 , 2006 . townsend is a christian . = = playing style = = = = = = = = = townsend has his two solo projects , the band kicking young lad and his more experimental solo project , as well . kicking young lad ' s music is a diverse mix of various music genres : progressive metal , heavy metal , black metal and death metal . townsend ' s solo music spans various genres and styles , with elements of dark ##wave music , hard rock and progressive rock , along with alternative metal and alternative rock . townsend describes it as " a more experimental style of electronic music rooted in hard rock and heavy metal . heavy and dark with a large amount of electronic elements . " despite kicking young lad ' s recent commercial success , townsend works more with his solo work , and has long considered kicking young lad to be the pinnacle of his music . = = = playing style = = = = a = @ - @ = " master of multitracking " , townsend has developed a unique production style with an intricate , complex " wall of sound " . townsend has received critical acclaim for his compositions , which " are often characterized by a sense of mystery , mystery , dark humor and an epic atmosphere " , according to andrew j . of metal hammer . townsend primarily uses pro tools to create his music , and other pro tools such as the cubase , ableton live , and guitar pro . townsend ' s musical style and production techniques have drawn comparisons to phil spector and frank zappa . townsend has carried out the mixing and mastering for much of his solo work himself . he has also produced and remixed music for other artists such as rammstein , august burns red and misery signals . = = = playing style = = = townsend primarily uses electronic string arrangements for his six and twelve stringtuning . he sometimes also uses open c ##♭ and closed c ##♭ tuning ( where c is about a half and a full note , respectively ) for his acoustic electric guitars . townsend ' s style ranges from fingerpicking , guitar chords and polychords to sweep @ - @ , loops and other effects . he is also known for his extensive use of reverb and distortion effects . townsend has stated that he has an affinity for bass guitar , stating that " playing bass doesn ' t do anything for me " and that he only plays when he feels that he can escape the confines of the song . = = = vocals = = = townsend ' s uses a variety of vocal techniques in his music , including singing , shouting and almost screaming . his vocal range has been said to be over an octave ( c2 to f7 ) . = = = vocals = = = townsend draws inspiration from a wide variety of musical genres , most notably heavy metal . he has cited , among others , judas priest , w . a . s . p . , frank zappa , crowded house , abba , sweep @ - @ , zero , zoviet ##nik , king ' s x , dark angel , barkmarket , grotus , jane ' s addiction , metallica , cop shoot cop and fear factory as his influences , and has also expressed his admiration for meshuggah on several occasions , calling them " the greatest metal band on the planet " . he cites paul mccartney and ravi shankar as the " two most important people in his life " . the two songs that townsend credits with changing the way he feels about music are " the rising sun " by king ' s x , and " down the river " by jane ' s addiction . townsend was influenced by bands such as yes and cop shoot cop , and the big bang ' s influences include meshuggah , and " more modern bands " like metallica . townsend is also influenced by jazz and classical composers such as john cage , trevor horn and igor ivanov . = = = = =