= = = = the zagreb synagogue ( croatian : zagrebacka sinagoga ) was the main house of worship for the jewish community of zagreb in modern @ - @ aligned croatia . it was built in 1867 in the kingdom of austrian @ - @ slavonia of the austrian empire , and was used until it was destroyed by the communist regime in 1941 in the modern @ - @ aligned socialist state of croatia . the renaissance revival synagogue , designed by the leopoldstadter tempel of vienna , was located on the @ - @ named praska street . it has remained the only modern @ - @ aligned jewish house of worship in the centre of the city . it is one of the city ' s most important synagogue buildings , as well as one of the most important examples of synagogue architecture in the country . since the 1990s , plans have been made to rebuild the synagogue in its original location . due to various political reasons , very little progress has been made . many disagreements exist between the government and the community as to how much the community should be involved in bringing about the rebuilding project , and the design and construction of the new synagogue . = = zagreb = = inspired by the 1782 edict of expulsion of emperor joseph ii , jews were permanently settled in zagreb in the late 18th century , and established the jewish community in 1806 . by 1809 the jewish community had a synagogue , and by 1811 it had its own synagogue . as early as 1833 , the community was able to purchase land for construction of a synagogue , but did not have the funds to build one at the time . by 1855 , the community had grown to 700 members and , on june 1 of that year , the decision was made to build a new zagreb synagogue . the building committee , established in 1861 , surveyed and purchased a plot of land at the intersection of maria valeria street ( today praska street ) and the jelacic square , the main city square . however , the zagreb urban renewal act of 1864 made the land available for development , and the community had to purchase a plot of 1 @ , @ 540 square metres ( 1 @ , @ 600 sq ft ) on maria valeria street , about 80 metres ( 260 ft ) south of the original location . = = = design and construction = = = franjo klein , a vienna @ - @ named jewish architect , was commissioned to design the synagogue . klein , a proponent of the ##ism , modeled the synagogue after the vienna leopoldstadter tempel ( 1858 ) , a renaissance revival synagogue in by ludwigforster . it was a first for synagogue ##s in central europe . the design followed the newly developed gothic revival style ( rundbogenstil ) , but did not copy forster ' s traditional baroque style . the design of the main facade , with the central three @ - @ arches and window , and the more modest , side facade , reflected the architectural division into two parts . at the @ - @ floor level , the facade was dominated by the two @ - @ arched windows and bifora , whereas the upper @ - @ floor level had a central triforium with an open balcony and the quadrifoliate columns supporting the roof . the synagogue occupied the central part of the facade , facing south . it departed from the previous three @ - @ arches in accordance with the law , as applied in the – code , prohibiting all @ - @ jewish places of worship from having a separate entrance from the synagogue . the synagogue had a wider and slightly deeper central nave and two side aisles ; unlike forster ' s synagogue in vienna , it did not follow a basilical plan . construction began in 1866 and was completed the following year . the synagogue was officially opened on october 1 , 1867 , a ceremony attended by representatives of local and state authorities , prominent city officials , and prominent jews . it was the most beautiful synagogue building in zagreb ' s old town , and its architecture and decoration received both criticism and praise . = = = 19th and early 20th century = = = with the zagreb synagogue , an organ was incorporated into the services . the small community of croatian jews found this organ to be inadequate , and they began to hold their services separately , in separate rooms . during the 1880 earthquake , the synagogue suffered some damage and was rebuilt the following year . partly due to immigration from hungary , bohemia and austria , the jewish community of zagreb gradually grew in size : from 2 @ , @ 285 members in 1887 to 3 @ , @ 237 members in 1900 , and then to 4 @ , @ 970 members in 1921 . the synagogue was too small to accommodate the size of the entire @ - @ jewish community . in 1921 a project was undertaken to increase the number of the seats . a 1931 project to increase the capacity to 944 seats was also undertaken . a central heating system was installed in 1933 . = = = = during world war ii = = = during the 1941 occupation of the kingdom of yugoslavia following the axis invasion in the april 1941 , the independent state of croatia was proclaimed . it was proclaimed by the far right ustasa1 . the ustasa government proceeded with the systematic persecution of the jews , modeled after the nazi german regime , and at times even more brutal . new laws were introduced , jewish property was confiscated , and the jews were subjected to mass murder and deported to concentration camps in germany and elsewhere . in september 1941 , the newly elected mayor of zagreb , ivan werner , issued a decree ordering the demolition of the praska street synagogue , allegedly because it did not fit into the government ' s strategic plan . the demolition began on october 9 , 1941 , very slowly so as not to damage the surrounding buildings ; it was completed in january 1942 . the demolition process was done for propaganda purposes , and the images were shown to the public at an art exhibition , held in zagreb . it was also performed in zagreb , karlovac , split , vukovar and zemun , as an act of the " resolution of the jewish question in croatia " . a copy of the film footage of the demolition was found several years later by the film historian lordan zafranovic during research for his 1993 documentary film , persecution of the jews : history of n . j . ; three minutes of the film survives . this footage was also used in mira nair ' s documentary , the zagreb ghetto 1867 @ - @ 1942 ( 1996 ) , broadcast by croatian radiotelevision . the synagogue ' s most precious torah scrolls were saved thanks to an intervention by ivan grivicic , an attorney and businessman who lived next door from ivan budak , a minister in the ustasa government . he was also introduced to poglavnik milan pavelic and the third reich ' s ambassador to austria , edmund glaise @ - @ horstenau . although grivicic did not play a significant political role in the independent state of croatia , he was politically influential . on october 9 , 1941 , he learned of the government ' s decision to order the demolition of the synagogue on the same day . later that day , grivicic personally broke the news to the synagogue ' s chief rabbi , gruner , and during the night , the torah scrolls were taken to zagreb . shortly after the destruction of the synagogue , the catholic archbishop of zagreb aloysius stepinac wrote a letter in which he wrote : " a place of worship of good intentions is a sacred place , and whoever destroys it will pay with their lives . in this life and the next they will be saved . " . the only surviving synagogueof the remainder — the wash @ - @ basin and the memorial tables from the synagogue , as well as some parts of the columns — were owned by ivo kraus . he rescued them from the rubble shortly after the end of world war ii . the wash @ - @ basin and the memorial tables are now in the zagreb city museum . the remaining parts are owned by the jewish community of zagreb . = = reconstruction = = = = = = 1945 – 1990 = = = = one in three croatian jews survived the end of world war ii . between 1948 and 1952 , about one third of the remaining members of jewish community of zagreb left for emigration to israel , and the community grew to an @ - @ century of its pre @ - @ century size . the new communist regime confiscated almost all the property owned by the jewish community of zagreb , including the synagogue in praska street . all this , combined with the communist regime ' s general attitude toward jews , made reconstruction of the synagogue virtually impossible . after world war ii , the entire site of the memorial synagogue was used as a beach volleyball court . the volleyball court made way for a new department store building , completed in 1959 . the department store was completely destroyed by a fire on october 30 , 1980 , and was never rebuilt . despite some preliminary discussions for a new department store building on the same site , and a 1977 architectural competition for its design , no construction took place . instead , the site was turned into a parking lot , which it remains to this day . in 1986 , the jewish community of zagreb began to build a new cultural center and a memorial synagogue . two architects , branko silađin and boris morsan , both of whom participated in the original 1977 department store project , got together on their own initiative and presented their plans for a new memorial synagogue in praska street . silađin ' s proposal was initially not accepted by the jewish community ; however , plans were eventually approved for the construction of the cultural center and memorial synagogue , following an international architectural competition . however , despite support for the project both in croatia and abroad , the issue of building costs was either ignored or blocked by the croatian authorities . the project was never completed . = = = 1990 – = = = = in the summer of 1990 , after the first free elections in croatia , the croatian government finally approved the project . the architectural competition was scheduled for october 1991 . political instability in the country , caused by the breakup of yugoslavia and the croatian war of independence ( 1991 – 1995 ) ,causing the project to be put on hold indefinitely . in 1994 president of croatia franjo tuđman proposed to jakov bienenfeld , a member of the zagreb jewish community , that they should build the new synagogue on the site of the old synagogue , which would be funded by the croatian government . bienenfeld rejected the proposal considered to be impossible when 1800 croatian jews were being murdered at the time , during croatian war of independence . in the end , the jewish community of zagreb decided to legally reacquire the property . the croatian municipal law was passed in 1996 , and the praska street property was officially transferred to the community on december 1 , 1999 . by 2000 , jewish activities were suspended again . an alternative proposal was submitted to the government of croatia and the city of zagreb in february 2004 and approved in may 2004 . the new project was scheduled for 2005 . however , in 2005 split in the jewish community of zagreb resulted in formation of a new jewish community , bet israel , led by ivo and slavko goldstein . in january 2006 , the government of croatia formed a joint workgroup . it was agreed that the project , estimated at the time at hrk 173 million ( us $ 20 million ) , would be jointly funded by the government of croatia and the city of zagreb , and that other jewish communities should be included in the workgroup . however , the idea of bet israel was deemed impossible by the jewish community of zagreb , which is the legal owner of the praska street property , and which thus saw itself as the sole legal owner of the zagreb jewish community . as a result , the community and its president , ognjen kraus , rejected any participation in the project under the same conditions . further questions arose about the design and construction of the new synagogue . the project , as proposed , was not yet approved . there was a general consensus that the new building should also have a religious as well as cultural function . while the jewish community of zagreb favoured a modern building reminiscent of the old synagogue , the bet israel favoured building a replica of the old synagogue ' s building , describing it as having strong jewish characteristics . opinions of architects , urban planners , and architectural historians were also divided along these lines . in 2014 and 2015 , the jewish community of zagreb presented detailed plans for a 100 @ , @ 600 m² ( 114 @ , @ 000 sq ft ) multi @ - @ integrated community center and synagogue on praska street . = 1806 = city wall = the 1806 = coastalit was a large and destructive hurricane on the atlantic coast of the united states which produced upwards of 36 inches ( 91 cm ) of rainfall in parts of louisiana . first observed east of the lesser antilles on 17 august , the storm dissipated in the atlantic on 24 august . the hurricane continued to track westward and made landfall near the mouth of the cape fear river in north carolina on 19 august . the storm then moved out to sea as a category 1 @ - @ equivalent hurricane on the saffir – simpson hurricane wind scale , passing east of new england and passing east of nova scotia on 21 august as a slightly weaker storm . several american and british military ships were sunk while at sea . in the bahamas , banana , sugar , tobacco , and coconut crops suffered damage , and two people were killed . infrastructure and shipping sustained extensive damage , with several vessels wrecked on the carolinan barrier reef . the majority of the damage caused by the hurricane occurred aboard the ship @ - @ - @ - @ , east of barnegat island , new york , with two of the ship ' s 48 crew killed and $ 171 @ , @ 000 ( 1806 usd ) in damage to its cargo . upon landfall in new england , reports indicated heavy damage , but no deaths were reported ; in all , the hurricane killed more than 100 people during the course of its duration . = = calendar year = = the atlantic coastal hurricane of 1806 was first observed well east of the lesser antilles on 17 august . hurricane navigator william m . ludlum tracked the storm ' s track to the northeast on 19 august ; strong winds persisted until 21 august , however , about 150 mi ( 240 km ) east of the greek island of eleuthera . steering currents steered the storm westward , and it approached charleston , south carolina on 22 august , where a very light wind from the storm indicated a landfall just east of the city . the storm made landfall near the mouth of the cape fear river in north carolina later that day , and the earliest reports from the storm occurred several hours later , with gusts initially toward the northeast and later shifted southwestward . reports of minor wind damage in the region indicated that the gale persisted , however , for several hours . it then moved further out to sea just east of norfolk , virginia , entering the area on 23 august . the storm produced a @ - @ equivalent maximum sustained winds of 110 mph ( 180 km / h ) while stationary , equivalent to a category 1 hurricane on the saffir – simpson hurricane wind scale . while offshorein canada , the hurricane left a path of destruction 90 miles ( 140 km ) long , and was last noted just south of nova scotia on 28 august . stronger , with sustained winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . = = = = = the hurricane wrecked several ships while still out at sea , damaging and destroying napoleon bonaparte ' s fleet and dismasting the @ @ - @ the french ship of the line impetueux , which later sank off cape fear . in charleston , south carolina , the hurricane swept away several bridges and uprooted several trees , though damage to the city itself was minimal . the buildings on the shores of winyah bay suffered from strong winds , and in georgetown county , the storm was reported to be the strongest since the 1804 [UNK] – [UNK] hurricane , with the storm itself being of a similar size . a banana crop of 94 acres was destroyed there . at smithville , north carolina , several buildings sustained damage , and extensive damage to crops was reported , with several homes destroyed . elsewhere , in norfolk , the hurricane caused extensive damage , with several buildings severely damaged , and significant damage caused to tobacco , sugar , cotton , and tobacco crops . the gable ends of some brick houses were destroyed by winds and waves , and wooden structures suffered more badly , with roofs collapsed and those under construction flattened . a slave died when a roof collapsed and several people were injured , some by drowning , at local hospitals . at hilton head island , the united states revenue cutter revenue cutter governor henry was stripped of its guns and nearly run aground before being repaired and continued on its way . a third vessel wrecked by the hurricane , the charlotte , was left at anchor in wilmington and endured minor damage ; however , minor damage occurred at new bern . throughout the region , several ships and hundreds of other boats were washed ashore along the north carolinan coast . on the bogue banks , the bodies of the adolphus and charlotte were found , and on the outer banks , a human body was washed ashore , and eaten by crabs . minor damage occurred upon the hurricane ' s passage in norfolk , virginia . winds downed a number of poorly constructed structures and trees , downed trees and fences , and drove several boats ashore . after the hurricane , alterations to the waters of the chesapeake bay included the temporary establishment of a lighthouse on willoughby island . the ship @ - @ - @ - @ bloom was destroyed by the hurricane , out of barnegat island , new york , enreturning to new york city from boston , it was met by a large wave which overturned the ship , resulting in the drowning of 23 of its 29 passengers and the loss of $ 171 @ , @ 000 of its $ 200 @ , @ 000 ( 1806 usd ) cargo . the ship had previously remained upright , with several tons of hay preventing it from drifting further ; they were brought to new york by the merchant ship hope , which had also been sailing toward st . john ' s , newfoundland . the storm produced strong winds in the vicinity of new york city , and in belleville , new jersey , several large trees were downed and downed . cape cod , massachusetts was hit by heavy rainfall and caused extensive damage to the town . at edgartown , massachusetts , one resident reported heavy rainfall , noting that a well was filled with 30 in ( 76 cm ) of water , and estimated the rainfall at 36 in ( 91 cm ) inland , where the storm destroyed several houses and damaged several fishing vessels . at brewster , massachusetts , extensive damage to houses and salterns was reported , and 18 in ( 46 mm ) of rain was recorded . records in boston , massachusetts , recorded only moderate rainfall rates , with a rainfall rate of 0 @ . @ 40 in ( 0 @ . @ 100 mm ) per hour recorded .