= = = during world war ii = polish culture during world war ii was persecuted by the occupying forces of nazi germany and the soviet union , both of whom were hostile to poland ' s historical and cultural heritage . actions aimed at its destruction resulted in the arrest of thousands of writers and artists , and the looting and destruction of many cultural assets . the " destruction of the poles was one of the ways in which the nazi and soviet regimes had come to hate one another " , writes the historian niall ferguson . the nazis looted and destroyed much of poland ' s cultural and historical heritage , including arresting and killing members of the polish political elite . most polish universities were closed , and those that remained , had their curriculum reduced significantly . however , polish groups and institutions – in creating the polish underground state – recovered many of poland ' s most valuable cultural assets , and attempted to preserve as many cultural artifacts and artifacts as possible . the catholic church and private individuals contributed to the preservation of some artists and their work . despite continued persecution by the nazis and soviets , polish underground state activities , including theater , music , theatrical performances , exhibitions , and scientific research , continued throughout the war . = = = = = in 1795 poland ceased to exist as an independent nation and throughout the 19th century remained divided by land between german , austrian and russian empires . not until the end of world war i was independence achieved and the nation restored , although the determination of the lines remained , of course , a political issue . independent poland existed for almost two years before it was repeatedly invaded and divided among competing powers . on 1 september 1939 , germany invaded poland , starting world war ii in europe , and on 22 september , pursuant to the pre @ - @ ribbentrop pact , poland was annexed by the soviet union . independent poland was once again – by these two countries – and remained under occupation for most of the war . by 1 october , germany and the soviet union had completely occupied poland , although the polish government never formally surrendered , and the polish underground state , subordinate to the general government @ - @ and @ - @ respectively , was officially established . on 1 october , nazi germany occupied the eastern part of pre @ - @ occupied poland and , in the center of the annexed territories , established the general government . the soviet union had to temporarily give up the territorial gains it made in 1939 prior to the german invasion of the soviet union , and later the @ - @ occupied most of this territory , putting it down . the @- @ 1944 . during the course of the war , poland lost over 90 % of its pre @ - @ war population amid the epidemic that marked the end of the second polish republic . = = history of polish culture = = = = = = occupation = = = = = = = = = = = = germany ' s policy toward the polish nation and its minorities changed during the course of the war . the german officials and military commanders were initially not given any specific instructions for the establishment of polish national minorities , but this soon changed . immediately after the invasion of poland in september 1939 , the nazi german government implemented the initial version ( the " basic steps " ) of generalplan ost . the german plan was outlined by the reich ministry of public hygiene in a document entitled : the treatment of the peoples of the new polish state , from a pre @ - @ war perspective . polish people living south of the pre @ - @ war polish border were to be germanized , deported or deported , depending on whether they lived in the territories now incorporated into the german reich or in the general government . much of the german policy toward polish culture was formulated during a meeting between the head of the general government , hans frank , and the minister of propaganda joseph stalin , in łodz on 22 september 1939 . stalin declared that " the polish nation is not worthy to be called a german nation " . frank and stalin agreed that opportunities for the poles to develop their culture should be severely limited : no theaters , libraries or museums ; no access to radio or television ; and no cinema . stalin insisted that the poles should only be shown films celebrating the achievements of the third reich and should therefore be heard only by propaganda . during the following months , schools at the school level were closed , as were libraries and all other cultural institutions . the only pre @ - @ war newspaper published in occupied poland was also closed , and the persecution of polish culture began . in january 1940 , polish cultural institutions came under the control of the german government ' s office of people ' s education and propaganda ( abteilung fur volksaufklarung und propaganda ) , whose name was changed a month later to the " general propaganda department " ( hauptabteilung gestapo ) . the orders issued during the spring and early summer followed those that had been formulated by stalin and hitler during the previous months . one of the department ' s first orders required the publication of all but the most " basic " of cultural materials without thehitler ' s censorship authority . films of " high quality " , especially those of an obscene or pornographic nature , were not an offence — those were to be shown to educate the public and to show the germans the " true " polish , as well as to give the impression that germany was deliberately preventing poles from expressing themselves . the cultural also invited visitors from other countries to attend the " cultural " events that were not intended to be erotic or pornographic , and promoted them as legitimate german cultural events . polish @ - @ language participation in cultural activities , such as public musical performances , was also forbidden . furthermore , a new licensing system for authors and publishers was introduced in july 1940 . finally , in 1941 , the publication of all polish @ - @ german books was banned ; such ones were banned , and copies confiscated and destroyed . in 1941 , the policy went further , calling for the total elimination of the polish people , whom the germans regarded as " subhumans " ( untermenschen ) . within ten to fifteen years , the polish lands under german occupation were to be completely cleared of ethnic poles and populated by german colonists . the policy was relaxed somewhat in the final year of occupation ( 1943 – ##年 ) , in light of german military successes and the approaching eastern front . the germans hoped that a more liberal german policy would reduce tensions and strengthen the polish state . poles were allowed entry into those institutions that still used german culture and language , such as the newly opened chopin museum , which celebrated the country ' s ethnic polish music . restrictions on dance , theatre and music concerts were lifted . given that the second polish republic was a communist state , german policy and propaganda efforts tended to encourage and exploit tensions between ethnic groups , creating tension between germans and jews , and between poles and germans . in łodz , the germans forced jews to physically build a monument to a polish poet , tadeusz kowalski , and filmed them committing the crime . shortly afterwards , the germans set fire to the local synagogue and killed the jews , portraying them in propaganda films as a " lynch mob . " this negative attitude was reflected in the germans ' efforts to establish polish schools , while at the same time , promoting more tolerance toward the polish education system . ( the polish @ - @ , german officer erich koch said , " we will do everything , so that when a pole kills a jew , we will be willing to kill the ukrainian and then , the ukrainian will be willing to kill the jew . " == = = = = = = = in 1939 , as the nazi zone was being implemented , the nazis seized all public property and other private property . many art objects were looted and shipped to germany , in accordance with a plan that had been drawn up well in advance of the invasion . the looting was conducted by members of the ss @ - @ ahnenerbe , einsatzgruppen 2 , who were responsible for looting , and the officers of haupttreuhandstelle ost , who were responsible for other important things . notable artworks looted by the nazis included the paintings of veit stoss and works by raphael , michelangelo , leonardo da vinci , canaletto and bacciarelli . most of the polish art treasures had been " stolen " by the germans within six months of september 1939 ; by the end of 1942 , nazi germany estimated that " over 90 % " of the art collection in poland was in their possession . some art was sent to german museums , such as the german fuhrermuseum in berlin , while other art became the official property of nazi germany . approximately 516 @ , @ 000 polish art objects were taken , including 1 @ , @ 800 works by polish artists ; 3 @ , @ 000 paintings by polish artists ; 1 @ , @ 000 paintings , 2 @ , @ 000 drawings , 50 @ , @ 000 paintings , and 20 @ , @ 000 drawings ( including over 50 @ , @ 000 printed before 1800 ) ; as well as tens of thousands of other items of cultural and historical value . many exotic animals were taken from the collection . = = = = = = = = = = institutions of learning and research — universities , schools , libraries , museums , theatres and other — were either destroyed or renamed as " nur ##nberger deutsche " ( for german only ) . = @ - @ = universities and a number of other institutions were destroyed during the war . according to one estimate , by war ' s end 80 % of the buildings of poland ' s educational and scientific institutions and 90 % of their libraries had been destroyed . according to another , only 13 of pre @ - @ war poland ' s 120 universities survived the war , and only four of these universities were able to survive . of pre @ - @ war poland ' s 603 educational institutions , over 200 were completely destroyed , and only a few survived the war largely intact . many polish intellectuals , as well as engineers , students , doctors , scientists , journalists and other members of the polish public , arrestedand executed , or sent to concentration camps , during operations known as ab @ - @ aktion . this propaganda policy resulted in the infamous sonderaktion , and the murder of lwow jews . during world war ii poland lost 30 % to 40 % of its doctors and scientists , 40 % to 30 % of its engineers , 20 % to 20 % of its engineers , 30 % to 40 % of its college and university professors , and 20 % to 30 % of its teachers . the polish population was targeted systematically . the principle behind this policy was famously stated by a nazi gauleiter : " in my opinion , [ any person who ] shows lack of weakness will be killed . " as part of their efforts to destroy polish culture , the german authorities attempted to suppress catholicism in poland , with a particular focus on the roman catholic church . in many areas of occupied poland , poles were restricted , or even prohibited , from attending religious services . at the same time , church property was confiscated , restrictions were placed on using the polish language in church ceremonies , books associated with the catholic church were banned , and it was forbidden to sing polish religious songs — and to read parts of the bible — in public . the same conditions were found in the reichsgau wartheland , which the nazis used as a target for their ab @ - @ propaganda policies . catholic religious and political leaders figured prominently among members of the population that were targeted for destruction . to encourage the birth of a new generation of educated poles , german authorities decided that the education of polish children would be limited to a few years of basic school . reichsfuhrer @ - @ leader heinrich meyer wrote , in a letter of april 1940 : " the main purpose of this policy is to teach them basic arithmetic , well , the ordinary one ; how to write god ' s name ; and the fact that it is the right to teach the language . . . . we do not see a lifetime of education as necessary . " carl kung told him : " the poles do not have primary or public schools ; the polish lands are to be turned into an agricultural area . " the situation was particularly severe in the former polish lands of the general government , which had been annexed to the german reich . the educational system varied from territory to territory , but in general , there was no official @ - @ religious education at all . this event caused a total @ - @ germanization of the country . many teachers were fired , and germans were forced to leave" execution " began with the german leaders , where they were either immediately arrested or executed on the spot . some polish schoolchildren were sent to normal schools , while others were sent to special schools where they spent most of their time as forced workers , working on the @ - @ - farms ; being german meant severe consequences . it was expected that polish children would return to learn after they completed their primary education from age 12 to 15 . in the three regions , included in the general government ( bezirk bialystok , reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat brandenburg ) , all schools were closed , and secondary education was conducted in the @ - @ official languages such as russian , belarusian , and lithuanian . in the bezirk bialystok region , for example , 80 % of the schools that had existed before the invasion were closed down during the first two years of the occupation , and by the end of the following year that number had increased to 90 % . the situation of polish secondary education was much improved under the general government , but by the end of 1940 , only 25 % of the schools were open , and only 10 % of the polish children attended them . a polish government report of january 1943 described the situation as follows : schools are empty , without adequate facilities , and are without skilled teaching staff . moreover , the polish schools are closed during at least six months out of the twelve months of the following year due to lack of food or other resources . of the @ - @ pre - two buildings which we had before 1939 , only the last of them are destroyed . . . every day , pupils have to study in separate rooms . under these conditions , the school day , which normally lasts two hours , was reduced to one hour . in the general government , the polish schools were subjugated to the german educational system , and the number and quality of their teaching teachers was severely cut down . all primary and all high schools were closed , if not immediately after the invasion , followed during the @ - @ 1940 . by september 1940 , no other polish educational institutions more advanced than the primary schools were in operation , and they offered nothing but the basic vocational and technical education necessary for the polish economy . compulsory education was to last for two years , and the lessons in the first two years of the school were to be limited to only one day per week . there was no provision for all of the schools in poland . factories and schools were to be closed , the teachers dismissed ,and the war department was to fund the construction of schools for children of the german minority and to build barracks for german soldiers . many new polish teachers had to be appointed . the school curriculum was changed ; subjects such as literature , history and geography were taught . old books were burned and many libraries were closed . the new propaganda methods for poles included convincing them that their ethnic identity was sealed , and encouraging them to be friendly and loyal to germans . this was done through various means such as air raids on schools , systematic seizure of student libraries , mass arrests of students and teachers , and the use of poles as forced labor , or by sending them to germany as slave workers . the nazis were particularly interested in the destruction of jewish institutions in krakow ; almost all of the jewish buildings there were destroyed . furthermore , the sale of jewish books was forbidden in krakow . the jews suffered a similar situation in territories occupied by germany , where the sale of polish books was illegal . the systematic sale of polish books was not limited to those confiscated from germany , but also to those books that were confiscated from their collections . the few polish book stores not already proscribed were banned in 1943 ; all polish language books were confiscated . soon after the war began , many libraries were closed ; in total , about 80 % of the libraries were shut down , while the remainder had their collections destroyed by war . the occupying forces destroyed many polish collections , including the sejm and senate library , the przedziecki ##e library , the zamoyski estate library , the polish university library , and the rapperswil collection . in 1941 , the last remaining polish national library in the state @ - @ controlled territories was opened in krakow . during the war , polish libraries lost over 3 million volumes , or 90 % of their collection . more than 80 % of these losses were the direct result of disease rather than armed resistance . altogether , it is estimated that over two million books from state @ - @ controlled libraries and archives disappeared during the war . polish flags and other symbols were destroyed . the attacks against the polish capital included the tearing down of books in schools and the removal of polish literature from public places . people who spoke polish in the streets were often beaten and even physically assaulted . the germanization of polish names continued . many monuments of polish culture – polish monuments , churches and monuments to polish culture ( e . g . , warsaw ' s adam mickiewicz cathedral ) – were destroyed . in torun , many polish monuments and buildings were torn down . monuments of polishwere banned in poland . the germans threatened to destroy the libraries . = = = = censorship and censorship = = = = the germans prohibited publication of any official polish @ - @ german newspaper , literary magazine or scientific journal . by 1940 , several german @ - @ german publishing houses were operating in occupied poland , publishing books such as polish @ - @ language literature and nationalist and anticommunist literature . they at first prohibited books that were thought to be " neutral " , including scientific and literary works and books that were intended to promote polish culture ; only literature that was free of polish @ - @ german bias was published . banned books included maps , maps and polish - and german @ - @ language books , including newspapers . numerous german @ - @ german lists of polish works were compiled , and over 2 @ , @ 000 polish authors were deemed " hostile to the polish language and culture " . the list of banned books included such polish authors as adam mickiewicz , juliusz słowacki , stanisław wyspianski , bolesław prus , stefan zeromski , jozef ignacy kraszewski , władysław reymont , stanisław wyspianski , jan tuwim , kornel makuszynski , leopold wolf , eliza orzeszkowa and maria konopnicka . the possession of polish books was illegal and punished by death . from @ - @ to @ - @ the distribution of books was prohibited , and shops — which had a license to sell — were either locked out or closed . poles were allowed , under threat of death , to own property . the press was reduced from over 1 @ , @ 000 people to a few 1 , 000 people by the germans . all pre @ - @ polish newspapers were banned , and the books that were published during the occupation were official publications under the direct control of the germans . such a systematic censorship of the press was unprecedented in polish history . the only legally permitted subject public was the underground literature that was controlled by the german propaganda machine . cinemas , still under the control of the nazi propaganda ministry , had their programming replaced by propaganda propaganda films , which were replaced by german films . the few polish films allowed to be shown ( about 10 % of the total production ) were edited to remove references to polish national heroes as well as polish artists and actresses . some german films were made in 1943 , although no german films were made until 1943 . almost the profitsfrom most cinemas , especially oriented toward the film industry , cinema was prohibited by the polish government ; a famous underground poster read : " tylko swinie siedza w kinie " ( " polish to watch the cinema " ) . a similar situation affected theaters , which were forbidden by the nazis to show " propaganda " films . nevertheless , a number of such films were produced for the productions . however , theater productions were generally ignored by the authorities . in addition , jews were prohibited from appearing in them and warned that they would be treated as jews if they failed to appear . however , restrictions on theater activities were placed in the ghetto , suggesting that the nazis wanted to isolate the residents and prevent them from meeting their own needs . music was the most popular of cultural activities , partly because hans frank saw himself as a patron of classical music . in 1939 , hitler ordered the establishment of the orchestra and choir of the general government in the capital , warsaw . only musical performances were allowed in cinemas and theatres , and the polish government agreed to publish all the print press . polish artists , especially painters and sculptors , were required to register with the general government ; and their work was not ignored by the authorities , unless it had political themes . art cinemas were replaced by public art galleries that also conveyed political themes . the development of soviet propaganda in occupied poland can be divided into two main phases . early efforts were directed towards promoting a positive image of pre @ - @ nazi poland , and later efforts were directed towards promoting anti @ - @ polish , communist , and anti @ - @ polish feelings . = = = soviet union = = = following the soviet invasion of poland ( beginning 1 september 1939 ) that preceded the german invasion that officially marked the beginning of world war ii ( beginning 1 september 1939 ) , the soviet union occupied the eastern territories ( " kresy " ) of the second polish republic , comprising 201 @ , @ 015 square kilometres ( 81 @ , @ 612 sq mi ) and a population of 1 @ . @ 299 @ . hitler and stalin had the goal of destroying poland ' s political and cultural life , so that poland would , according to historian niall ferguson , " cease to exist not only as a country , but also as an object " . the soviet union viewed returning to the communist polish government as a " crime against humanity " and " anti @ - @ german , " and arrested many members of the polish government , intellectuals , and artists andjews , as well as polish citizens suspected of being a threat to soviet power . more than a million polish jews were deported to siberia , mostly to german labor camps , for years and years . others died , including over 1 @ , @ 000 polish personnel who died in the katyn massacre . the soviets then annexed the polish state , beginning forced education . they began to seize , destroy and destroy private and public @ - @ and intellectual property . in the process , they banned political parties and political associations and arrested and executed their leaders as " enemies of the state " . in accordance with the anti @ - @ soviet policy , religious and cultural minorities were banned . on 1 september 1940 , the nkvd launched a reign of terror against " pro @ - @ soviet " organizations in occupied poland . the soviets ' targets included jews who had traveled abroad , those involved in international trade , esperantists , artists , red army workers , doctors , teachers , priests and members of religious orders , the military , politicians , jewish merchants , lawyers , journalists , and hotel and restaurant owners . some , like hitler , sought to rebuild polish culture . the soviet authorities began to eliminate all traces of the polish population of the areas now under their control . the word " poland " was dropped . polish monuments were torn down . all institutions of the former polish state , including the lwow university , were closed , then rebuilt , filled with new polish students . the communist party was banned in polish society . polish universities and language schools were suppressed by the soviet authorities , and the polish language was replaced with russian and belarusian . polish @ - @ soviet classes were melted down in the polish schools . polish students were not allowed in the universities , and many were expelled . classes were conducted in russian , ukrainian and belarusian , with a heavily polish @ - @ language curriculum . as polish @ - @ soviet historian piotr wrobel notes , like canadian historians j . r . m . evans and a . j . m . smith , majority of historians agree that " in the soviet occupation zone , conditions were only slightly less harsh than under the germans . " by september 1939 , most polish jews had fled poland ; after several months of living under soviet occupation , most of them decided to move to the soviet part of occupied poland . polish publications and activities were subject to censorship . the soviets began to recruit polish pro @ - @ soviet activists who were willing to defect . soon after the german occupation , thewriters ' union of western poland had a strong branch in lwow ; there was a polish @ - @ language newspaper and radio station . polish cultural activities in warsaw and moscow were also successful . these activities were closely controlled by the soviet union , which saw to it that these activities portrayed the former soviet government in a negative light and supported the new polish government . the soviet supported @ - @ soviet allowed for polish @ - @ . cultural activities , however , incompatible with the soviet policy of russification . the soviets at first wanted to wipe out the polish language and to eliminate it from newspapers , street life , and other aspects of life . this policy was , however , reversed several times — , after the events of september 1939 ; and later , after the german invasion of poland . in september 1940 , the city of lwow celebrated the 100th anniversary of adam mickiewicz ' s birth . eventually , however , stalin decided to return @ - @ to the russification policy . he changed his policy later , however , when the need arose for polish @ - @ and pro @ - @ soviet propaganda after the german invasion of the soviet union ; as a result he ordered the withdrawal of soviet organizations in the ussr and also attempted to create a separate people ' s republic of poland . many polish writers collaborated with the soviets , creating pro @ - @ soviet propaganda . they included jerzy borejsza , tadeusz z @ - @ zelenski , kazimierz kowalski , janina broniewska , stanisław brzoza , teodor bujnicki , stanisław chwistek , zuzanna ginczanka , halina gorska , mieczysław jastrun , stefan jedrychowski , stanisław jerzy lec , tadeusz łopalewski , juliusz kleiner , jozef kott , jalu kurek , karol kuryluk , leopold lewin , anatol mikułko , jerzy panski , jozef rosen , jozef przybos , jerzy putrament , jerzy rawicz , adolf rudnicki , włodzimierz słobodnik , włodzimierz sokorski , elzbieta szemplinska , anatol ivanov , jozef stryjkowski , lucjan szenwald , leopold tyrmand , wanda wasilewska , stanisław wasilewski , stanisław wazyk , aleksander weintraub and brunowinawer . many polish artists , however , rejected the soviet demands and instead went themselves : jadwiga czechowiczowna , jerzy hordynski , jadwiga gamska @ - @ łempicka , herminia naglerowa , beata obertynska , ostap ortwin , tadeusz peiper , teodor parnicki , juliusz petry . some writers , such as władysław broniewski , after collaborating with the soviets for a few years , joined the underground @ - @ art movement . notably , aleksander wat , although opposed to communism , was arrested by the soviet nkvd secret police and deported to siberia . = = = state = = = = = = = = = polish culture flourished with its culture , literature , and art . the polish underground government established a department of education and culture ( under stanisław anders ) which , together with a department of labor and social affairs ( under general stanisław jankowski and , later , stefan mateja ) and a department for prevention of the outbreak of war ( under antoni olszewski and bronisław domosławski ) , formed important ministries of polish culture . these departments made efforts to save from theft and destruction works of art from public and private collections ( most notably , the oil paintings by jan matejko that remained lost during the war ) . they collected information on stolen and lost art and provided artists and writers with funds to continue their work and their studies and to support their families . additionally , they organized the clandestine distribution ( bibuła ) of books by winston churchill and arkady gross and of 1 @ , @ 000 copies of the polish national @ - @ school , and encouraged artists to create the art ( which was also distributed by the soviets and other others ) . also being held were underground art exhibitions , theatrical performances and publications . other important patrons of polish culture were the roman catholic church and polish nobility , who financially funded culture and protected their interests ( notable patrons included general marshal stefan sapieha and the polish president , janusz radziwiłł ) . some polish publishers , including stefan kamienski , zbigniew mitzner and the ossolineum publishing house , set prices for books that would be published during the war . = = = = = = = in response to the forced theft and destruction of polish education , dissent among poles led almost immediately to the formation ofand @ - @ and underground educational systems . most notably , the national educational organization ( tajna organizacja nauczycielska , ton ) was created as early as 1 september 1939 . other organizations were created simultaneously ; by 1940 they were all organized and controlled by the ton , working closely with the government ' s central office of culture and education , which was created in october 1941 and headed by czesław wycech , head of the ton . classes were often held under the cover of officially sanctioned schools , in private homes and public places . in 1942 , about 300 @ , @ , @ , @ 000 people took part in its underground education ; by 1944 , the underground education system had 2 @ , @ 000 students , and secondary level classes were attended by about 20 @ , @ 000 students ( for comparison , the pre @ - @ war enrollment in polish universities was about 10 @ , @ 000 for the 1938 / 1939 year ) . more than 200 @ , @ 000 @ @ - @ 000 students attended university courses taught by about 100 @ , @ 000 teachers between 1943 and 1944 in the regions of the general government ( centred on the cities of warsaw , krakow , radom and lublin ) . also , at that time of the general government , one of every ten children was receiving some form of education from the underground schools ; the number rose to about 50 % for children old enough to finish primary education . it is estimated that in the rural areas , the educational system was severely disrupted ( most likely , classes were also taught in some areas by teachers expelled or expelled from the country ) . compared to pre @ - @ war levels , the number of underground jewish education was noticeable , as they were deported by the nazi authorities to germany ; there was , however , widespread jewish education in the country , often conducted with help from underground organizations like solidarity . teachers in the underground schools were often active members of the polish underground . in total , there were about 100 underground schools , with 3 @ , @ 000 teachers and 2 @ , @ 000 students . the warsaw polytechnic educated 3 @ , @ 700 students , issuing 7 masters and 10 doctoral degrees . warsaw politechnic ##s ##grad educated 2 @ , @ 000 students , issuing 186 masters degrees , 12 doctoral degrees and 4 habilitations . jagiellonian university issued 468 masters and 10 doctoral degrees , had over 200 professors and students , and graduated more than 2 @ , @ 000 students per year . in addition , all polish universities and colleges of higher education ( of music, science , music , and others ) and their activities throughout the country . also some academic research was carried out ( for example , by władysław tatarkiewicz , a prominent polish historian , and zenon klemensiewicz , a psychologist ) . over 1 @ , @ 000 polish teachers received support from the german government , allowing them to continue their studies . the german response to underground education varied depending on whether it took place in the general government of the annexed territories . the germans had almost certainly discovered the sheer size of the polish underground education system in late 1943 , but lacked the resources to put an end to it , instead using it to deal with the polish forces . for the most part , organizing of schools and institutions of the general government was considered a high priority for the germans . in 1943 a german report on education noted that organization of what was being taught in schools , especially private ones , was difficult , due to lack of funds , funding , and the strength of the armed underground . some schools of @ - @ - taught certain subjects in defiance of the german authorities . hans frank wrote in 1944 that although the communists were a " natural enemy " of the united regime , they could not all be disposed of equally . this was seen as a much more serious problem in the annexed territories , where it accelerated the process of germanization ; participation in the resistance movement in those territories was much less likely to result in a visit to a concentration camp . = = = = = = = there were over 100 @ , @ 000 underground publications ; among the most important were the biuletyn informacyjny of armia krajowa and rzeczpospolita of the german ministry for poland . in addition to publications of propaganda ( from the underground radio broadcasts ) , there were dozens of other publications related to politics , culture , law , and culture ( for example , sztuka i narod ) . the largest single printed publication was an issue of biuletyn informacyjny printed in 1 @ , @ 000 copies ; each price of the issue was 1 @ , @ 000 – ##0 @ , @ 000 copies . the polish underground also printed leaflets and leaflets from various / @ - @ - resistance organizations aimed at spreading propaganda and raising morale among the population . leaflets were also sometimes published . propaganda materials were also printed , such as propaganda posters , even public service leaflets , urging the poles to leave poland or asking them to become black names . the two largest underground organizations were the ministry of information andheadquarters of armia krajowa and the secret propaganda for poland . tajne wojskowe zakłady wydawnicze ( the government publishing house ) of jerzy rutkowski ( precursor to the armia krajowa ) was also the largest underground press in the world . in addition to print magazines , armia krajowa also published secret propaganda propaganda intended to boost morale of the occupying german forces ( as part of group b ) . the majority of the underground presses were based in underground cities ; until the warsaw uprising in the spring of 1944 the germans controlled some 100 underground printing presses ( whose employees were either arrested or sent to concentration camps ) . the first major center for the underground press was krakow . however , writers and journalists met many fate : for example , almost the entire editorial staff of the underground underground newspaper na ucho was arrested , and the two editors were executed in krakow on 1 september 1944 . ( na ucho was the first official polish underground newspaper dedicated to satire ; new issues were published beginning in december 1943 . ) the underground press was run by a large number of volunteers ; in addition to the staff of the underground presses , dozens of polish courier delivered the newspapers . according to official sources , these volunteers were among the staff workers most frequently arrested by the germans . under german occupation , the activities of underground artists and writers were largely illegal , and they had little opportunity to publish their work . the polish government ' s ministry of propaganda supported their writers and activities , encouraging them to present their work and assist in their publication . novels and plays were published by underground writers ; over 1 @ , @ 000 books were published annually during the course of the war . political arrests were common , and notable writers of the time imprisoned in krakow included , among others , krzysztof kamil baczynski , leslaw bartelski , tadeusz borowski , tadeusz z @ - @ zelenski , helena dabrowska , tadeusz gajcy , zuzanna ginczanka , jarosław iwaszkiewicz , future nobel prize winner czesław miłosz , zofia nałkowska , jozef parandowski , leopold kowalski , kazimierz wyka , and jerzy zawieyski . many wrote about the harsh conditions in the - @ - @ of @ - @ concentration camps ( konstanty ildefons gałczynski , stefan flukowski , stanisław krucz##kowski , andrzej nowicki and jozef piechała ) , the underground , and writers from within the concentration camps ( including ##os gisges , halina gołczowa , zofia gorska ( romanowiczowa ) , tadeusz hołuj , kazimierz andrzej jaworski and jozef kubicki ) . many others did not survive the holocaust , among them krzysztof kamil baczynski , wacław berent , tadeusz kowalski @ - @ zelenski , tadeusz gajcy , zuzanna ginczanka , juliusz kaden @ - @ bandrowski , stefan kiedrzynski , janusz korczak , halina krahelska , tadeusz hollender , witold hulewicz , ferdynand antoni ossendowski , włodzimierz pietrzak , jozef pomirowski , kazimierz przerwa @ - @ tetmajer and alfred bauer . = = = = arts and literature = = = with the rise of the media ( and the subsequent control of the polish theatre and film industry ) , underground theaters were created , especially in warsaw and krakow , with plays staged in underground underground theaters . beginning in 1940 the theaters were run by the underground national committee . several theater groups and more than 20 theater ones were active throughout the country , including in the gestapo ' s pawiak ghetto in krakow and in krakow ; underground drama groups were also active . underground actors , many of whom had had their jobs , included karol adwentowicz , elzbieta barszczewska , henryk borowski , wojciech brydzinski , władysław hancza , stefan jaracz , tadeusz kantor , mieczysław kotlarczyk , bohdan korzeniowski , jan kreczmar , jozef mularczyk , andrzej pronaszko , friedrich rosen , jan szyfman , stanisława uminska , edmund wiercinski , maria wiercinska , karol wojtyła ( who later became pope john paul ii ) , jan wyrzykowski , jerzy zawieyski and others . music was also active in the warsaw ghetto and in the camps for polish political criminals . popular musicians , including opera , also went underground . top polish musicians and directors( jan didur , zbigniew drzewiecki , jan ekier , barbara kostrzewska , zygmunt latoszewski , jerzy lefeld , witold lutosławski , andrzej panufnik , piotr perkowski , edmund rudnicki , maria uminska , jerzy waldorff , kazimierz wiłkomirski , anna wiłkomirska , bolesław woytowicz , mira ziminska ) and in restaurants , cafes , and private homes , with the most often performing polish songs on the radio while avoiding german detection . patriotic songs were sung , such as siekiera , motyka , the most popular songs of wartime poland . underground stage performances were organized . underground musicians ( e . g . władysław szpilman ) and artists often performed in prisons and even in concentration camps . although many of them died , some survived auschwitz , including alexandre tansman in the united states , and eddie rosner and henryk kowalski in the soviet union . the arts were forced underground as well . cafes , restaurants and private homes were turned into galleries and museums ; shops were closed , with their owners , staff and patrons deported , arrested or even killed . notable underground artists included eryk lipinski , stanisław miedza @ - @ tomaszewski , stanisław ostoja @ - @ chrostowski , and konstanty z sopocko . some artists worked secretly for the polish government , collecting money and currency , and creating propaganda @ - @ polish propaganda ( including cartoons and cartoons ) and polish national art ( for example kotwica ) . these posters were printed from underground newspapers , and those intended for public use were taped to walls and written on them with graffiti . many of these activities were conducted by the plan and direction of armia krajowa ' s ministry of agitation and propaganda . in 1944 , large ( 6 m , or 20 ft ) posters , images of hitler and benito mussolini , were prominently displayed in public places in warsaw . hidden cameras depicted life and events in occupied poland ; and german attacks on photography , photographs , drawings and short videos were produced . although it was illegal to operate an underground radio station , polish broadcasts were recorded and broadcast into german radio and television systems . underground postage stamps were produced and printed . since the germans still controlled polish sports teams , underground sports clubs were created ; polish sports teams andpoetry protests were held in warsaw , krakow and poznan , although these were quickly suppressed by the germans . many of these actions were coordinated by the polish government ' s department of propaganda . = = = warsaw uprising = = = during the warsaw uprising ( from – , 1944 ) , soldiers in the @ - @ day camps attempted to change the normal day @ - @ to @ - @ the life of their own people . cultural life was popular among the soldiers and the civilian population , with theatres , cafes , post offices , libraries and other facilities organized . the first polish festival of poetry was held during the uprising , with prizes being awarded ( many of the polish poets of the new generation were also members of the resistance ) . led by antoni bohdziewicz , the polish army ' s department of information and propaganda , produced propaganda films and produced 30 @ , @ 000 metres ( 98 @ , @ 425 ft ) of film about the uprising . eugeniusz lokajski took some 3 @ , @ 000 photographs before he died ; sylwester meyer some 2 @ , @ 000 , of which 2 @ , @ 000 survived ; jerzy tomaszewski some 2 @ , @ 000 , of which 600 survive . = = writers in poland = = polish writers also worked abroad , outside of occupied poland . arkady gross , working in paris with the polish armed forces in the west wrote about the 303 polish fighter pilots . jan wankowicz wrote about the polish contribution to the battle of monte carlo in italy . polish writers working abroad included stanisław lechon , antoni słonimski , kazimierz wierzynski and jan tuwim . there were musicians who performed for the polish forces in the west as well as for the polish forces in the east . among those who performed for the polish ii corps in the famous parada concert were henryk kowalski and jozef anders . the most famous song of the soldiers fighting for the occupation was the czerwone maki na monte carlo ( the wild army in monte carlo ) , written by feliks konarski and jozef schultz in 1944 . there were many polish artists in exile in both the east and the west . many polish artists , including members of the polish ii corps , continued painting after the war , including tadeusz piotr potworowski , stanisław kossowski , jan kratochwil , bolesław leitgeber and stefan knapp . = = = in postwar= = = the nazi attempt to destroy polish culture may have affected it profoundly . norman foster wrote in hitler ' s children : " in 1945 , as a reward for their heroism , the loyalty of the children to their own country was stronger than ever before . " small , the @ - @ = ##t schools , from elementary schools to universities , were known for their high standards , due in large part to the high ratio of students to teachers . the underground culture was , however , different from the culture of interwar poland for a number of reasons . the expulsion of poland ' s jewish population , poland ' s rapid political changes , and forced modernization left poland without its significant ethnic identity . the polish culture was no exception . the end of world war ii left its mark on a generation of polish artists that became known as the " generation of 1945 " . the book describes an entire generation of artists , born shortly after poland gained independence in 1918 , whose development was interrupted by world war ii . through their work , they " created a new world " – , which changed by the end of world war ii and the subsequent emergence of a communist state . over the years , about three @ - @ generations of the polish public have recognized the importance of world war ii to the polish national identity . many major works of art created since the war have focused on themes of the war . paintings by tadeusz borowski , adolf rudnicki , henryk grynberg , miron białoszewski , hanna krall and others ; films , including those by andrzej kowalski ( my film , kanał , blood and ashes , lotna , a night of arms , korczak , katyn ) ; television shows ( the wise battles and the girl and boy larger than life ) ; films ( powstanie warszawskie ) ; and even comic books – many of these cultural media have reflected those themes . art historian tomasz szarota wrote in 1996 : art and cultural media place great emphasis on the world war ii era and especially the war . groups and events associated with the war are depicted on television , on radio and in the mass media . the war is an important theme in education and art , in literature , literature and the visual arts . not to mention that they often make use of it . ... no other media portrays events related to the events of world war ii so often or so quickly .