= = markgraf = = markgraf was the lead ship of the 4 @ - @ - konig class . she served in the imperial german navy during world war i . the ship was laid down in november 1911 and launched on 4 june 1913 . she was officially commissioned into the german navy on 1 august 1914 , just over two years after the outbreak of war in europe . markgraf was armed with four 8 @ . @ - @ - @ - ( 4 @ . @ 6 in ) guns in two twin turrets and could steam at a maximum speed of 21 knots ( 39 km / h ; 24 mph ) . markgraf was named in honour of the royal house of baden . the name markgraf was a title of german nobility and was related to the english baron , or duke . along with her three sister ships , konig , der kurfurst , and kronprinz , markgraf took part in most of the fleet actions during the war , including the battles of ##tland on 31 may and 1 june 1916 . at sea , markgraf was the lead ship of the german fleet and was engaged by the entire british grand fleet ; she scored six 4 @ - @ ship hits and her crew suffered no casualties . markgraf also participated in operation torch , the battle of the gulf of mexico , in april 1917 . the ship was sunk by a mine while en route to england after the successful conclusion of the operation . following germany ' s defeat in the war and the signing of the armistice in november 1918 , markgraf and most of the other ships of the high seas fleet were interned by the royal navy in scapa flow . the ships were decommissioned and reduced to reserve crews while the allied powers negotiated the final terms of the treaty of versailles . on 22 june 1919 , shortly after the treaty was signed , the commander of the grand fleet , vice admiral ludwig von reuter , ordered the ships to be sunk to ensure that the british would not be able to capture the fleet . unlike most of the other ships , markgraf was not sold for scrap ; the wreck is now lying at the bottom of the sea . = = builder and builder = = markgraf was ordered under the contract of ag weissenburg and built at the ag vulcan shipyard in hamburg under yard number 186 . her keel was laid in november 1911 and she was launched on 4 june 1913 . at her commissioning ceremony , the ship was visited by wilhelm ii , theduke of baden , the head of the royal house of baden , in honour of which the ship had been named . - @ - @ - - - completed on 1 october 1914 , the day she was commissioned into the high seas fleet . she had cost the imperial german navy 15 million marks . markgraf displaced 25 @ , @ 796 t ( 25 @ , @ 389 long tons ) as built and 28 @ , @ 600 t ( 28 @ , @ 600 long tons ) fully laden , with a length of 17 @ . @ 175 m ( 575 ft 2 in ) , a beam of 14 @ . @ 5 m ( 16 ft 6 in ) and a draught of 13 @ . @ 19 m ( 62 ft 6 in ) . she was powered by four bergmann steam turbines , two water @ - @ fired and two steam @ - @ fired each , which produced a total of 32 @ , @ 830 shp ( 30 @ , @ 450 kw ) and gave a maximum speed of 21 knots ( 39 km / h ; 24 mph ) . the ship had a range of 9 @ , @ 000 nautical miles ( 9 @ , @ 000 km ; 9 @ , @ 1000 km ) and a cruising speed of 12 knots ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . the ship had a crew of 3 officers and 9 @ , @ 095 enlisted men . she was armed with four 8 @ . @ 8 cm ( 3 @ . @ 5 in ) sk l / 45 guns mounted in four twin gun turrets : two superfiring turrets each fore and aft and one turret each at the two ends . her secondary armament consisted of four 15 cm ( 4 @ . @ 6 in ) sk l / 45 quick @ - @ firing guns , four 8 @ . @ 8 cm ( 3 @ . @ 5 in ) sk l / 45 quick @ - @ firing guns and four 50 cm ( 20 in ) submerged torpedo tubes , two in the bow and two on each side . markgraf ' s 8 @ . @ 8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8 @ . @ 8 cm quick @ - @ firing guns . the ship ' s main armored belt was 350 mm ( 14 in ) thick . the deck was 25 mm ( 1 @ . @ 1 in ) thick ; the main gun turrets and the observation tower were protected with 300 mm ( 12 in ) of armor plate . = = battle dress = = following her commissioning on 1 october 1914 , markgraf underwent sea trials , which includeduntil 31 december . by 1 january 1915 , the ship had joined iii battle squadron of the high seas fleet with her three sister ships . on 31 january 1915 , the squadron was detached from the fleet to conduct gunnery , bombing , and torpedo training in the baltic . the fleet returned to the north sea on 1 february , too late to support the i scouting group in the battle of dogger bank . in the wake of the loss of sms leipzig in the battle of dogger bank , kaiser wilhelm ii removed admiral friedrich von ingenohl from his post as fleet commander on 28 january . admiral wilhelm von pohl succeeded him as commander of the fleet ; von pohl carried out a number of operations with the high seas fleet throughout 1915 . the first operation , — markgraf ' s time with the fleet — was a successful advance to terschelling on thursday – - march ; the german fleet failed to engage any british ships during the operation . another fleet sweep followed on thursday – - april , and again two days later on thursday – - april . markgraf and the rest of the fleet remained in port until 1 june , when the fleet began a successful @ - @ - sweep into the north sea . on thursday – - june , markgraf and the rest of the squadron began a landing operation off texel . another german fleet sweep followed on thursday – 1 june . rear admiral reinhard scheer became commander in chief of the high seas fleet on 31 january 1916 when admiral von pohl became too weak from a disease to serve in that capacity . scheer adopted a more aggressive strategy , to avoid a confrontation with the british grand fleet ; he received permission from the kaiser in february . the first of scheer ' s operations was launched the following month , from thursday – - march , with an unopposed sweep of the hoofden . another sweep followed two weeks later on the 14th , with landings on thursday – - april . on 23 april , the battlecruisers of vice admiral franz von stuck ' s i scouting group launched a raid on the dutch coast . markgraf and the rest of the fleet were in close pursuit . the battlecruiser seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target , and had to withdraw . the german battlecruisers reached the port of lowestoft safely , but during the passage to yarmouth , they encountered the light cruisers of the harwich force . a brief gunnery duel ensued between the harwich force2 . reports of british submarines in the area prompted the formation of the i scouting group . at this point , scheer , who had been informed of the approach of the grand fleet from his base at scapa flow , immediately withdrew to neutral british waters . = = = battle of lissa = = = markgraf was present during the fleet maneuvers that culminated in the battle of lissa which took place between 31 may and 1 june 1916 . the german fleet had managed to draw out and isolate a portion of the grand fleet and destroy it before the main german fleet could attack . markgraf was the third ship of the german line , after her sisters konig and sms kurfurst and preceded by kronprinz . the german ships made up the iii division of the i battle squadron , and they formed the bulk of the force . the i battle squadron was the first of the large groups ; immediately ahead were the kaiser @ - @ class ships of the v division , ii battle squadron . the iii division was joined by the helgoland and lion classes of the iv battle squadron ; in the second group were the two kaiser @ - @ and pre @ - @ classes of the v battle squadron . shortly after 16 : 00 the battlecruisers of i scouting group encountered the british 1st battlecruiser squadron under the command of vice admiral david beatty . the two ships fought an artillery duel that caused the loss of lion , shortly after 17 : 00 , and queen elizabeth , less than half an hour later . at this time , the british battlecruisers were steaming north to lure the german ships toward the main body of the high seas fleet . at 17 : 00 , konig ' s guns spotted both the i scouting group and the 1st battlecruiser squadron approaching . the german battlecruisers were off to starboard , while the british ships were to port . at 17 : 00 , scheer made a 1 @ - @ - turn to port to bring his ships closer to the british battlecruisers , and a minute later , the order to open fire was given . markgraf opened fire with the battlecruiser guns at a range of 18 @ , @ 000 yards ( 21 @ , @ 000 m ) . markgraf and her two sisters turned their main guns on the ships preparing to launch torpedo attacks against the british ships . markgraf continued to engage them until 18 : 00 , at which time the britishbattlecruisers began to move out of the torpedo area . during this time , the cruisers warspite and lion of the 3rd battle squadron fired on the two british ships . at 19 : 00 , one of the british ships scored a 15 @ - @ inch ( 38 cm ) shell hit on markgraf . shortly afterwards , the cruiser moresby fired a single torpedo at markgraf and missed from a range of about 8 @ , @ 000 yd ( 8 @ , @ 500 m ) . lion fired a torpedo at markgraf at 19 : 05 , but the torpedo missed due to the short range . at the same time , markgraf engaged a squadron from the 3rd light cruiser squadron before turning her guns over to the 5th battle squadron for several minutes . during this time , two british 8 @ - @ inch shells hit markgraf , but the cause is uncertain . the second at 19 : 15 fell on a collision of two 8 @ - @ - @ - @ inch side armor plates ; the first exploded on impact and penetrated the hull . the upper deck was flooded and about 400 t ( 390 long tons ; 440 short tons ) of water entered the ship . the other two shells failed to explode and caused minor damage . shortly before 19 : 00 , the light cruiser bismarck had been hit by a torpedo from the british battlecruiser defence ; rear admiral von behncke von konig had to order his own ships to assist the damaged ship . meanwhile , the british iii and iv light cruiser divisions launched a surprise attack on the german ship ; after moving to close range , they met it with fire from their main guns . the three light cruisers of the 5th battle squadron then joined in the attack . markgraf and her sisters fired repeatedly at the british ships , but the combined fire from the ships ' main guns failed to drive them off . markgraf fired both her 8 @ . @ 15 cm and 38 cm shells at the light cruiser defence . after a exchange of fire from the british ships , defence exploded and sank ; credit is usually given to the battlecruiser lutzow , but markgraf ' s crew later claimed credit for the sinking . markgraf then fired on the battlecruiser ark royal and scored two hits . the first hit , the 9 @ - @ inch armor plate " a " gun , was fired forward , and exploded after penetrating the 9 @ - @ inch side armor . the second forthe forward gun was disabled , the second was disabled , and the third caused minor damage to the upper deck . the second shell penetrated ark royal ' s 8 @ - @ inch deck armor , bounced back over the ammunition magazines , and exploded under the 8 @ - @ inch deck armor . the two shells killed two and wounded six . at the same time , markgraf ' s main battery fired on the battleship leipzig , which was badly damaged by 15 cm shells and forced to retire . she sank on the way back to port the next day . at 18 : 00 , sir john jellicoe ' s main battery of battleships left the line ; they began firing on markgraf at 19 : 00 ; she fired three rounds of 8 @ . @ . @ - @ - . @ - @ inch , ap ( l ) shells and scored one hit with the first round . the second exploded upon entering the roof of the no . 1 15 cm gun casemate . the shell failed to explode but penetrated the armor and disabled the gun . the shell also wounded two and killed the rest of the german crew . a third shell also hit the ship at the same time , and at 20 : 00 , a broken propeller shaft forced markgraf ' s captain to turn off the port engine ; naval historian john murray suggests that this shell was the one that broke the ice . her speed dropped to 17 or 18 kn ( 32 or 33 km / h ; 20 or 21 mph ) , but she remained in her place in the line . shortly after 20 : 00 , the three ships joined the 3rd light cruiser squadron ; markgraf fired four 15 cm shells . during this action , markgraf was hit by leipzig ' s 8 @ - @ inch shell , which scored a direct hit at 20 : 45 . the shell failed to explode and exploded on contact with the 8 @ - @ inch deck armor , causing minor flooding . some of the other 8 @ - @ inch guns mounted under the 8 @ - @ inch armor were also knocked down and further minor flooding occurred . the increased weight of the german guns forced scheer to order the ships to turn away . due to her slow speed , markgraf withdrew slowly in an attempt to maintain her position in the german line ; this , however , caused the kurfurst to fall out of line . markgraf fell back behind kronprinz and the kurfurst turned away to return to her position behind konig . after briefly withdrawing fromthe result , scheer ordered the fleet to assume a defensive posture , but navigation errors by scheer , friedrich der grosse and westfalen , the lead ship , caused confusion . the british light cruisers and destroyers ran into the german line at 21 : 00 . in the ensuing naval engagement markgraf hit the battleship bismarck three times with her main guns . the battleship sank into darkness at 02 : 00 , with gross kurfurst the last ship of the line of the capital ships . at 02 : 00 , the british destroyers launched a torpedo attack against the rear section of the german line . markgraf initially held her position as the intentions of the submarine were unclear . the gunners on gross kurfurst quickly identified the submarine as german and opened fire , turning away to avoid detection , which forced markgraf to follow suit . heavy fire from the british ships forced the british ships to retreat . at 05 : 06 , markgraf and the other ships fired on what they thought was a submarine . the high seas fleet managed to break through the british light cruisers without attracting the attention of jellicoe ' s force , and had reached horns reef by 04 : 00 on 29 june . upon reaching wilhelmshaven , markgraf went into reserve while the british ships took up defensive positions in the english channel . the ship was towed to hamburg where she was repaired at ag vulcan ' s hamburg iron works . the repair was completed on 1 july . during the course of the battle , markgraf had fired a total of 254 rounds from her main guns and 214 rounds from her 15 cm guns . she was hit by two - @ - @ - shells , which killed four men and wounded two . = = = = events = = = = commissioning in july 1916 , markgraf proceeded into the baltic for repairs . the ship was then temporarily assigned to the i scouting group for the planned attack on the – of bremen . due to the extensive damage sustained by seydlitz and derfflinger in hamburg , the only battlecruisers available for the operation were von der tann and moltke , which were escorted by markgraf , gross kurfurst , and the light cruiser bayern . the british were aware of the german intentions , and sortied the grand fleet to intercept them . by 05 : 00 , scheer had been informed of the grand fleet ' s approach and , unable to face the rest of the grand fleet until two days after the previous naval engagement at bremen , ordered hisoperating in and close to danish ports . markgraf was responsible for the naval operations in the vicinity of copenhagen from august – to october . further operations with the iii squadron followed from 29 october to 1 november . two days later , the ship again joined the squadron . on the 18th , a number of u @ - @ were wrecked off the danish coast . british destroyers were sent to rescue the survivors , and iii squadron , which was in the north sea en route to wilhelmshaven , was sent to recover them . during the operation , the german submarine j1 attacked the battleships kurfurst and kronprinz and caused considerable damage . for most of 1917 , markgraf was tasked with escort duty in the north sea , interrupted only by a brief period in kiel and various training exercises in the baltic . = = = = = = = = in early september 1917 , following the german capture of the russian gulf of riga , the german navy decided to attack the russian coastal forces that still defended the gulf of riga . the admiralstab ( naval high command ) ordered an operation to capture the russian island of osel , and destroy the russian coastal defenses on the sworbe strait . on 22 september , the order was given for a joint operation with the russians to capture osel and island ##e ; the german naval commander was to be the admiral , moltke , along with the ii and iv destroyer squadrons of the high seas fleet . the ii squadron consisted of the four konig @ - @ class ships , and was at this time equipped with the new battleship bayern . the iv squadron consisted of the four u @ - @ class ships . together with two light cruisers , two torpedo boat squadrons , and dozens of mine laying vessels , the german navy numbered approximately 200 ships , supported by approximately 100 submarines and two destroyers . the russian navy amounted to approximately 15 @ , @ 600 officers and enlisted men . with the russians were the three russian pre @ - @ classes slava and tsesarevich , the light cruisers bayan , admiral makarov , and olga , several destroyers , and several torpedo boats and submarines . the german u @ - @ class ships where also present in the area . the irben strait , the baltic sea entrance to the gulf of riga , was heavily fortified and defended by a number of coastal artillery batteries . the garrison at osel was approximately 20 @ , @ 000 men , but by 1917 this had been reduced to 60 to 70 in 1917 . the russian fleet on 1716 , when moltke and the other konig @ - @ class ships covered the withdrawal of allied forces while engaging the russian batteries in tagga bay . markgraf fired on the batteries stationed at cape ninnast . after the successful amphibious landing , the squadron withdrew to putziger wiek , although markgraf remained there for several days . on the 17th , markgraf left tagga bay to join her sisters in the gulf of riga , but early on the following day she ran aground at the entrance to kalkgrund . the ship was quickly repaired , and she reached the iii squadron anchorage south of larina ##u on the 18th . the next day , markgraf steamed to the baltic , and on the 20th participated in the bombardment of russian positions on the island of kyno . the ship returned to arensburg on 29 september , and two days later was detached from hms lion to return to the north sea . markgraf struck a number of mines in quick succession while in the irben area and took on 260 metric tons ( 260 long tons ; 290 short tons ) of coal . the ship continued on to kiel via neufahrwasser in october ; she then continued on to wilhelmshaven , where the hull damage was repaired . the work was completed at the kiel dockyard from 7 to 9 november . after repairs were completed , markgraf returned to active service in the north sea . she made an unsuccessful attack on a british convoy on the – 13 april 1918 , and she was in port at kiel from 28 april to 1 may for the fitting of a new hull . = = = = = = = markgraf and her three sisters were to have taken part in a major naval action at the end of october 1918 , just before the armistice was to take effect . the bulk of the high seas fleet was to have sortied from their base at wilhelmshaven to attack the british grand fleet . scheer — , now the grand admiral ( großadmiral ) of the fleet — wanted to inflicted as much damage as possible on the british fleet in order to gain a better defensive position for germany , despite the heavy casualties . however , many of the ##nig @ - @ class officers feared the damage would delay the peace negotiations and end the war . on the morning of 29 october 1918 , the order was given to withdraw from wilhelmshaven the next day . beginning on the morning of 30 october , attacks on thuringen and later attacks on other ports , forced the##graf , germany . the revolt eventually forced bismarck and scheer to sign the armistice . informed of the situation , the kaiser declared , " we no longer have a navy . " following the defeat of germany in november 1918 , all of the high seas fleet ships , under the command of vice admiral ludwig von reuter , were interned at the british naval base at scapa flow . prior to the departure of the german fleet , admiral adolf von trotha made clear to von reuter that he could not allow the british to destroy the fleet , under any circumstances . the kaiser left with the british light cruiser furious , which led the way to the allied flotilla that was to escort the fleet to scapa flow . the allied flotilla consisted of some 370 british , american , and french warships . when the ships were decommissioned , their guns were removed for the removal of their torpedo blocks , and their crews were reduced to 150 officers and enlisted men . the ships remained in port during the negotiations that eventually produced the treaty of versailles . von reuter knew that the british intended to destroy the german fleet on 21 june 1919 , which was the deadline for germany to have signed the peace treaty . seeing that the deadline had been extended to the evening , reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the earliest opportunity . on the morning of 21 june , the german fleet left scapa flow to conduct training exercises , and at 10 : 15 reuter gave the order to his staff . markgraf arrived at 11 : 20 . the british guards in the security room failed in their attempt to prevent the germans from sinking the ships ; they shot and killed markgraf ' s captain , hans schmidt , who was in a coma , and one enlisted man . in all , the british killed five officers and wounded three @ - @ - . the remaining ships , numbering @ 300 @ , @ 860 officers and enlisted men , were interned . markgraf was never sold for scrap , unlike most of the other german ships that were sunk . markgraf and her two sisters had been in deeper water than the other german ships , which made any salvage efforts more difficult . the outbreak of world war ii in 1939 put a stop to further salvage efforts , and after the war it was decided that recovering the german ships was now impossible . the rights to the salvage ##s of the ships were transferred to britain in 1962 . due to the fact that the clay that formed their hull was removed before the end ofat ##ly , markgraf and her sisters are among the last remaining examples of the @ - @ structural structure , which has since been removed for use in nuclear weapons . markgraf and the other ships off the coast of scapa flow are a popular diving site , and are protected by a law prohibiting divers from removing artifacts from the site .