= grammy award for best concept music video = the grammy award for best concept music video is an award that was presented to recording artists at the 29th grammy awards in 1988 , and the 30th grammy awards in 1989 , for quality , performance music videos . the grammy awards ( grammys ) is an award ceremony that was established in 1958 and was originally called the grammy awards ; they are presented by the national academy of recording arts and sciences of the united states to " recognize artistic achievement , technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry , without regard to record sales or chart position " . beginning in 1982 , the academy began to honor quality music videos with the video of the year award , which was discontinued with the establishment of the mtv video music awards in 1984 and was replaced with two categories ; best video , short form and best video album . the changes for the 1988 and 1989 awards resulted in the best concept music video award being presented alongside the award for best performance music video . the best music video award winners included the english rock band queen for " wizard of oz " and the american comedian " weird al " yankovic for " grease " . the academy returned to the previous format in 1990 , though the categories are now known as best short form music video and best long form music video . = = background = = the national academy of recording arts and sciences began to honor quality music videos with the grammy award for video of the year , in 1982 . the first grammy award recipients were former member of the monkees michael nesmith for the day @ - @ in the elephant parts ( now known as michael nesmith presents elephant parts ) and olivia physical @ - @ john for olivia physical . the video of the year award was discontinued in 1984 when mtv established the mtv video music awards whose grammy award is now given for video of the year . for the 30th grammy awards the academy replaced the awards with awards for best video , short form , and best video album . for the awards presented in 1988 and 1989 , the format changed and awards for the categories best concept music video , and best performance music video were introduced . the academy returned to the previous format in 1990 , though the categories were renamed best music video , short form , and best music video , long form . in 1998 , the categories were retitled best short form music video , and best long form music video , respectively . = = background = = for the 30th grammy awards ( 1988 ) , best concept music video nominees included0 david bowie for " physical @ - @ - day @ - @ john " , kate bush forthe whole band , the english rock band queen for " land of confusion " , david lee roth for david lee roth , and janet jackson for ... – the hits volume 1 . the music video for jackson ' s " day @ - @ in day @ - @ out " , directed by julien temple , featured " iconic " images such as a woman standing on ronald reagan ' s hollywood walk of fame statue , which was cut down for later use . jackson ' s " bush " video collection features her greatest hits album of the same name and includes music videos for artists from her career to that point . the music video for " land of confusion " , a song included on the band ' s 1986 album , control , features the image shots of ronald reagan , margaret thatcher and other notable figures . david lee roth ' s day @ - @ in video consists of video clips recorded for his 1987 solo ep away from the sun and single kiss ' kiss and tell . jackson ' s video collection , which was certified gold in the united states , includes three music videos made for songs from her album control . awards were presented to members of genesis ( tony banks , phil collins , and mike rutherford ) as the video directors , jim yukich and christopher nolan as the art directors , and jon stewart as the executive producer . nominees for the 1987 grammy awards included the hampton string quartet for " get a job " , george michael for " when we were young " , the american rock band talking heads for storytelling giants , " weird al " yankovic for " bad " , and neil diamond for " this note ' s for you " . " get a job " , a song recorded originally by the british band the who , appeared on the hampton string quartet ' s album what if ? . " roll over beethoven " , a collection of classic r & b and pop music songs written in the style of beethoven , schubert , mozart , and other composers . " when we were young " , a song from the album cloud 9 , is taken from footage from when the beatles were at the height of their popularity and features mccartney playing acoustic guitar . the music video features elton john dressed as a man , a reference to the 1967 song " i am the man " . storytelling giants , a compilation of talking heads ' music videos and the films featuring them together . two of the three music videos contain references to michael jackson ; " bad " is a parody of jackson ' s song " bad " , and the video for " this note ' sfor you " shows a male " @ - @ " ' s penis on fire ; a parody of an incident that occurred during a shoot for a pepsi cola commercial in 1984 . in the " parade " video , yankovic portrays a " big strong man " through the use of makeup and special effects , and leads a group of young men in a parade . the video was presented to yankovic as the video artist , along with mike levey as the video director and susan zwerman as the video producer .