= battle of tellicherry = the battle of tellicherry was a naval engagement fought off the indian port of tellicherry between british and french ships on 22 november 1791 during the third anglo @ - @ mysore war . britain and france were not at war at the time of the battle , but british support for the kingdom of mysore in the war with the french east india company had led to royal navy vessels pursuing and capturing french ships bound for the mysorean port of mangalore . when a french convoy from mahe approached the indian port of tellicherry in november 1791 , commodore william hardy led a small force to intercept the french ships . as the british ships under admiral sir richard strachan approached the port , the french frigate resolue opened fire . a brief engagement followed , with strachan succeeding in forcing the french ships to surrender within 15 minutes and both sides suffering damage and casualties . two of the french ships were captured and subsequently returned to mahe , the local french population reacting angrily to what they saw as a violation of their treaty position . letters were sent back to britain regarding the action from the anglo @ - @ felix but they received no response . although under normal circumstances the action would have prompted a british response , the outbreak of the 1789 french revolution meant that the action had little effect . = = = = = in december 1789 , after two months of political turmoil over the terms of the treaty of mangalore that effectively ended the second anglo @ - @ mysore war , the kingdom of mysore and france both declared war on the british east india company and their allies in south india . for the next two months the war continued . british forces and their allies pushed the french army back towards the port of seringapatam . both sides were dependent on supplies by sea to support their campaigns there : the british forces were supplied from their major cities , calcutta and madras , by landing their troops at the coastal port of tellicherry in mysore territory . the mysorean forces were supplied at mangalore by french ships . france had been an ally of the mysore king ' s father hyder ali during the second anglo @ - @ mysore war and although the political instability caused by the french revolution in france prevented their participation , they ensured that their navy kept up a supply of supplies to mysore during the war . in an attempt to counter french influence , william hardy , the british naval commander in the mediterranean , landed a squadron of ships at tellicherry , where they were soonsent to blockade mangalore and control the flow of supplies into mysorean territory . the squadron consisted of smith in hms minerva , commodore sir richard strachan in hms phoenix and hms endurance under captain john smith . the french had a squadron of their own off the coast , commanded by captain saint @ - @ felix and consisting of four ships based at mahe , a small fishing village 7 miles ( 11 km ) south of tellicherry . the french had indicated to the british at tellicherry that they would not respond to any attempt to board their ships , and strachan and smith agreed that they would maintain the blockade of mangalore whatever the cost . = = = = = in january 1791 , a french convoy sailed from mahe for the return voyage to mangalore . the convoy included three merchant ships and the frigate resolue , a saint @ - @ armed vessel under captain callamand . sailing independently , the convoy eventually reached tellicherry and smith sent strachan with minerva and endurance to stop and inspect the merchant ships to ensure they were not carrying any supplies . while smith boarded the merchant ships and sent boats to recover them , strachan did the same to resolue , boarding the french ship and sending an officer in a small boat to board the ship . the french captain was outraged by this breach of his neutrality , and responded by opening fire : some accounts report that his first target was the french frigate , although it was the vessel most likely targeted . strachan was surprised by the sudden action , and opened fire immediately , the proximity of the ship without any effect . within 20 minutes the battle was over , the french captain laying down his arms with his ship , and more than 100 men wounded or killed . the french ship carried far more guns than phoenix , with 6 and 12 pounder ##s to the deck and 18 guns to the french ship . in addition , resolue was heavily damaged : two other french ships were in the area and the british had two french ships within range . french casualties had been 12 men killed and 30 wounded , strachan suffering only 6 killed and 10 wounded in action . = = = = = with the french gone , strachan made a thorough search of the merchant ships , but could find no survivors and returned them to the french captain . the french captain initially refused , insisting that he and his crew be held as prisoners of war . smith ordered the merchant ships ordered to resume their voyage andfor the ship to be taken back to mahe , where it was abandoned in the harbour with its mast and mast removed . provision was then provided at mahe by strachan for the remaining french sailors . shortly afterwards saint @ - @ felix arrived at mahe with his frigate , and reacted angrily to the news that one of his merchant ships had been attacked and sunk by the british . when french protested that his ships had been acting against their neutrality , saint @ - @ felix threatened retaliation if one of his ships were attacked , and returned with the phoenix and resolue later in the day , followed by phoenix and phoenix . one observer reported that saint @ - @ felix had ordered his ships to fire on them but that they refused . the british pursued the french for several days , frequently boarding and burning french merchant ships , without receiving any response from saint @ - @ felix . resolue and phoenix were then released from their crews , phoenix and saint @ - @ felix remained in port for several more days before finally withdrawing . news of the action was sent back to france , but the country was at this time in one of the most turbulent periods of the revolutionary war and little notice was taken of events in france . historian william james argues that under normal french circumstances the incident would have had no serious consequences , while historian peter brenton argues that the french government ignored the incident out of fear of great britain . in fact , the british approved of french ' actions , believing that the french were simply using the freedom of trade to support rebels against britain . the incident had little effect on the ongoing war in india , which was largely centered on the port city of seringapatam . as british forces advanced on the city in january 1792 , the mysore sultan held peace talks which brought the war to an end in return for concessions to the british and their indian allies .