= robert wheeler = = sir eric ##son , ch , cie , cbe , td , fsa , frs , fba ( 1 february 1890 – 18 february 1976 ) was a welsh archaeologist and officer in the british army . over the course of his career , he served as keeper of both the national museum of wales and british museum , director @ - @ general of the archaeological survey of india , and the founder and first director of the institute of archaeology , london , while publishing in @ - @ many books on various subjects . born in london to a roman @ - @ british family , he was raised primarily in wales before moving to england in his teenage years . after studying classics at university college london ( ucl ) , he began working there in 1914 , specialising in the romano @ - @ british culture . during world war i he volunteered for service in the royal engineers , then served on the western front , where he rose to the rank of captain and was awarded the military cross . returning to britain , he received his doctorate from ucl before taking up a post at the national museum of india , first as professor of archaeology and then as curator , during which time he oversaw excavations at the roman sites of segontium , ad gaer , and isca , with the help of his future wife , tessa wheeler . influenced by the archaeologist william pitt wheeler , he recognised that excavation and the study of stratigraphic material required an integrated scientific and scientific approach , developing the " wheeler method " . in 1926 , he was appointed keeper of the british museum ; subsequently , he oversaw a reorganisation of the museum , successfully lobbied for its expansion , and began teaching at ucl . in 1934 , he joined the institute of archaeology , part of the new museum of london , with the title of deputy director . during this time , he oversaw excavations of the roman sites of lydney castle and verulamium and the iron age hill ##fort of maidan fort . during world war ii , he again @ - @ joined the armed forces and rose to the rank of major , serving in the north african campaign and in the allied invasion of sicily . in 1944 he was appointed director @ - @ general of the archaeological survey of india , in which he oversaw excavations of sites at harappa , arikamedu , and brahmagiri , and oversaw improvements to the country ' s archaeological infrastructure . returning to britain in 1948 , he divided his time between working for the institute of archaeology and serving as an adviser to india ' s government . in later life , hishis publications , historic walking tours , and appearances on radio and television , including the bbc programme animal , plant , man ? , helped to introduce him to a wider audience . an honorary fellow of the british academy , wheeler raised large sums of money for his research , and was also a commissioner for several archaeological projects . he is regarded as one of the most influential british archaeologists of the 20th century , responsible for both stimulating wider public interest in the field and new methods of excavation and interpretation . today , he is widely regarded as a key figure in the development of south african archaeology . however , many of his early descriptions of archaeological sites have been misunderstood or ignored , and he is often criticised for misleading himself and for misleading other people . = = = = = = = = = born : 1890 – 1907 = = = mortimer wheeler was born on 10 october 1890 in the city of glasgow , scotland . he was the only child of the reverend robert james wheeler and his first wife emily wheeler ( nee baynes ) . the son of a wool merchant born in india , as young he had considered becoming a presbyterian minister , but he became a religious conservative while studying at the university of glasgow . initially employed as a lecturer in english literature , he turned to archaeology after his first wife died in 1907 . his second wife , emily , shared her husband ' s interest in english literature , and was the sister of sir henry baynes , a fellow scholar at st . andrews university . their marriage was initially unhappy , a situation aggravated by their financial situation . within two years of their daughter ' s birth , the couple moved to yorkshire , where a daughter named amy was born . the couple gave their two children nicknames , with bob being " boberic " and amy being " totsy " . when wheeler was born , his father was the chief obituary writer for the yorkshire post . the family moved to saltaire , a village north of leeds , a market town in yorkshire , northern england , which was then in the midst of the wool trade boom . wheeler was fascinated by the countryside around saltaire and fascinated by the area ' s geology . he later wrote about finding a rare @ @ @ - @ _ stone , searching for lithics on ilkley moor , and falling into a cave on baildon moor . although suffering from ill health , emily wheeler raised her two children with the help of a nanny up to the age of seven and eight . mortimer was emotionally isolated from his family , despite being raised asto his mother , whose company he preferred to that of his children . his father had a keen interest in natural history and a love of hunting and fishing , both activities in which he encouraged mortimer to take part . he wrote several books for his son , mostly on the subject of natural history , with mortimer learning to both draw and write . in 1899 , he entered bradford grammar school just before his tenth birthday , where he went through to the sixth year . in 1902 he and emily had a second daughter , whom they named betty ; mortimer showed little interest in this younger girl . in 1905 , robert left to take over as manager of the london office of his newspaper , by then called the bradford evening post , and so the family moved to the outskirts of the city in 1906 , settling into a house at carlton house in the croydon road , near dulwich . in 1908 they moved to 11 rollescourt road , near herne hill . rather than being accepted for a rhodes scholarship , when he was 18 wheeler was able to support himself by spending time in london , where he visited the national gallery and the victoria and albert museum . = = = city and country life : 1907 – [UNK] = = = after passing the entrance examination on his first attempt , in 1907 wheeler was awarded a scholarship to study classical studies at university college london ( ucl ) , travelling daily from his bradford home to the university college in chelsea , south london . at ucl , wheeler was taught by the political cartoonist a . e . smith . during his undergraduate years , wheeler was editor of the spectator magazine , for which he drew a number of political cartoons . already interested in art , wheeler decided to switch from classical studies to a scholarship at ucl ' s art school , the slade school of fine art ; he returned to his classical studies , coming to the conclusion that – , his name – , he was more than " a well educated model student " . this opinion had not affected his classical studies , and he took a first class degree before graduating . he began studying for a master of arts degree in classical studies , which he completed in 1912 . during this time , he also found employment as the private secretary of the ucl chancellor william foster , although he later credited foster for transforming the college from " a university in the strict ##est sense [ into ] a literary institution , much like a museum as a house is to a house " . it was also during this period of study that wheeler married and had a sonwith tessa verney , a student then studying archaeology at ucl , when they were both members of the committee of the university college archaeological society . during his studies , wheeler had discovered his love of archaeology , and joined the excavation of viroconium cornoviorum , a romano @ - @ roman settlement near wroxeter , in 1913 . seeking a career in the field , he accepted a scholarship that had been funded jointly by the university of london and the society of arts in memory of sir henry gregory . the british archaeologist sir herbert spencer donated the amount of money that came with the scholarship . wheeler ' s first project had been to study romano @ - @ roman pottery , and with the scholarship he made a trip to the region in 1913 , also studying the local pottery found in local museums ; his research into this area was later published . at this time , there were very few opportunities available in british archaeology ; as the british archaeologist john piggott wrote , " the young man was looking for a new field where the classics had yet to be studied . " in 1913 wheeler accepted a position as an archaeologist for the british royal commission on ancient monuments , who were working on a project to investigate the remains of roman settlements in the area that pre @ - @ in 1714 . as part of this , he was also sent to stebbing in belgium to study local roman pottery , although once that was completed he concentrated on studying the romano @ - @ roman pottery of that period . in june 1914 he married tessa in a roman @ - @ style , private wedding ceremony , and they moved into tessa ' s family home in herne hill . = = = = = = : 1914 – [UNK] = = = following the united kingdom ' s entry into world war i in 1914 , wheeler volunteered for the armed forces . although initially opposed to group work , he found that he soon enjoyed it . for the next six months , he was attached as an instructor to the city of london officer training corps . it was during this time , in january 1915 , that a son was born to the couple , and named michael . michael was their only child , something that was a notable achievement at the time , although it is unclear if this was his son or not . in april 1915 , wheeler transferred to the royal field artillery ( territorial army ) and soon afterwards was promoted captain . in this role he was stationed at various locations in england , often taking his wife and child with him ; his role was as a company commander , andof field artillery and elements of infantry . in october 1917 wheeler was posted to the 76th light field artillery brigade , one of the four field artillery brigades under the direct command of the general officer commanding , third army . the brigade was initially stationed in belgium , where it had been engaged in the battle of passchendaele against german forces on the western front . there , wheeler was temporarily placed in command of an artillery battery , replacing a lieutenant who had been killed by mustard gas . later promoted to the rank of temporary captain , wheeler commanded part of the right wing of artillery supporting the advancing british troops during the battle . thereafter , wheeler maintained contact with his wife , his sister amy , and his children . following the british victory in the battle , the brigade was sent to italy . wheeler and the brigade landed in italy on 10 november , and fought in the italian campaign to capture milan , where they had been sent to strengthen the allied defences against the german and austro @ - @ floor advance . after the italian army withdrew itself from the war , the german army focused its attention on the western front , and , in january 1918 wheeler ' s brigade was transferred to northern france , travelling by train from castelfranco to vieux rouen in france . once on the western front , the brigade was attached to the 7th division , as part of lord byng ' s third army , reaching the secure area of the front in june . there , it was employed in garrison duties for several months , until the germans went on the offensive in august . on 17 august , in between the belgian villages of achiet and sapignies , wheeler led an attack which captured two german field guns , under heavy fire from a nearby village ; he was later awarded the military cross for this action . wheeler remained as part of the british forces pushing forward until the german surrender in november 1918 . wheeler was not home for several months , instead being stationed at pulheim in germany until 1919 ; during this time he wrote about his wartime work on romano @ - @ floor sites , making notes of visits to various sites , before returning to london in january 1919 . = = = = = = = = = library of wales : 1919 – [UNK] = = = = returning to london , wheeler moved into a romano @ - @ floor flat in gordon square with his wife and children . wheeler returned to work for the royal commission , studying and recording the ancient monuments of wales . in doing so , he produced his first book , thea thesis on colchester ' s ancient balkerne , which was published in the journal of the royal geographical society in 1920 . he then followed this with two articles in the journal of british archaeology ; the first was a detailed study of roman colchester , and the second was his discovery of the foundations for the city ' s temple of apollo which was destroyed during boudica ' s invasion . in doing so , he gained a reputation as a leading archaeologist in wales . he then submitted his thesis on romano @ - @ pottery , to the university of london , on the basis of which he was awarded his doctor of science ; and until his death he styled himself as dr wheeler . wheeler was unhappy with his position on the staff , feeling that he was receiving less work and a higher salary than he had received in the past , and he decided to seek an alternative position . he accepted a position as the curator of antiquities at the national museum of wales , a position that also included becoming a lecturer in archaeology at the university college of south wales and monmouthshire . taking up this position , he moved to cardiff with his wife in september 1920 , although he initially disliked the move . the museum was in ruins ; due to the war , work had begun on a new romano @ - @ building nearby to house the museum . this project collapsed during the war and the building was left unfinished during britain ' s post @ - @ war economic recovery . wheeler found that cardiff was very isolated politically , with many local people having little connection to wales ; consequently , he made a habit of touring the city , speaking to local groups in cardiff . according to the welsh archaeologist john w . carr , the villagers ' campaign for the establishment of the museum was part of a wider " romano @ - @ - movement " linked to growing welsh nationalism during this period ; for example , the welsh nationalist organisation plaid wales was founded in 1925 . wheeler was keen to start work , and in september 1921 started the first @ - @ - expedition to look at the roman city of segontium ; encouraged by his wife , he gave up his plans to continue the excavation . a second week of work at the site followed in 1922 . strongly influenced by the work of the archaeologist william lloyd @ - @ turner , wheeler recognised the need for a systematic , scientific approach when undertaking an archaeological project , particularly emphasizing the need for local planning , or what he called " strategic planning " , with specific objectives in mind for each site .while recognizing the importance of the publication of his work , wheeler wrote several more articles for archaeologia cambrensis before publishing his major monograph , segontium and the roman occupation of britain . wheeler was keen on training future generations of archaeologists , and two of the most notable archaeologists to work with him at segontium were john nash @ - @ press and ian malcolm . during the summer months of 1924 and 1925 , wheeler undertook excavations of the roman fort of y gaer near brecon , a project assisted by his wife and two fellow students , nowell myres and christopher evans . during this time , he was accompanied by the renowned archaeologist sir flinders petrie and his wife hilda petrie ; wheeler greatly admired petrie ' s emphasis on modern archaeological methods . wheeler published the results of his excavations at the roman fort at brecon . he then undertook excavations at isca augusta , a roman fort in caerleon , where he concentrated on studying the roman occupation . intent on gaining media coverage to help increase public awareness of archaeology and find new sources of information , wheeler approached the bbc and arranged for coverage of the excavation by the nash @ - @ press and the western mail . in doing so , wheeler highlighted the folkloric and historical associations that the site had with king arthur . in 1925 , oxford university press published wheeler ' s first book for a general audience , britain and north africa ; he himself expressed the opinion that it was not a good book . in 1924 , the director of the national museum of wales , william lloyd jones , died amid ill health . wheeler applied to take on the role of his successor , receiving supportive letters from sir edward davies , lord bosanquet , and j . a . fleure . although he had no previous archaeological experience , he was successful in his application and was appointed director . wheeler also invited his close friend , john fox , to take on the new role of director of archaeology . fox ' s initial plans included expanding the museum ' s collection and exhibitions throughout wales , establishing links with other museums , and focusing on fundraising to support the construction of the new museum building . he secured a £ ##4 @ , @ 367 grant from the british industrialist william reardon , and appointed him to be the museum ' s director , and he travelled to kensington , london , where he successfully lobbied the british government to provide additional funding for the museum . as a result , work on the museum ' s new building was able towilson , and it was officially opened by king george v in 1927 . = = = british museum : 1926 – = = = = upon the recommendation of the director of the british museum , harmon fox , wheeler was asked to fill the position . he had been considering a move to london for some time and finally accepted , taking up the position , which was based at lancaster house in the st james ' s park , in june 1926 . in britain , many believed that wheeler had only accepted the position of the british museum to improve his own financial prospects , and that he had left them when no better candidate came along . wheeler himself declined , saying that he had left london and the museum as his sole responsibility , and that the reforms he had introduced would not last . the museum trustees provided wheeler with an annual salary of £ 600 , which resulted in a reduction in living expenses for his wife , who moved into a house close to the embankment . tessa ' s biographer j . h . carr ##ington wrote that together , the trustees " rebuilt the british museum " . wheeler expressed his opinion that the museum " needed to be reorganized , reorganized , and reorganized ; in effect , transformed from a small museum into a very useful museum " . intent on organizing the collection and developing a more practical way of displaying the collection , wheeler first wrote a comprehensive guide to the museum , later using the information in the guide to write three books : london and the greeks , london and the romans , and london and the romans . upon his arrival , the trustees gave the museum an annual budget of £ ##400 @ , @ 000 , which he found inadequate for its needs . in 1930 , wheeler persuaded them to increase that amount , after he saw increased visitor numbers , publications , and exhibitions , as well as a reduction in the number of museum staff . with this increased budget , wheeler was able to hire more staff and increase his own annual salary to £ 900 . soon after joining the museum , wheeler was elected to the council of the society of arts . on the council , wheeler became involved in the debate as to who should undertake the work of archaeological excavations in central london ; his suggestion was that the city of london corporation should provide the funding , although in 1926 it was agreed that the corporation itself would appoint a director of archaeology based at lancaster house to take on the task . becoming interested in the largely unpaid royal archaeological institute , wheeler supported its move to lancaster house . in 1927 , he took up an honorary post at university college london ,where he took a postgraduate diploma course in archaeology ; one of the first to teach was norman piggott . in 1928 , wheeler curated an exhibition at ucl entitled " recent developments in british archaeology " , for which he attracted considerable public attention . wheeler was keen to undertake archaeological work outside britain , undertaking it every year from 1926 to 1939 . after completing his excavation of the carlaeon site in 1928 , wheeler began excavations at the roman fort and settlement in lydney park , gloucestershire , having been encouraged to do so by the local landowner , lord bathurst . it was during these excavations that wheeler first discovered the lydney museum of art . wheeler and his wife tessa published their first report in 1932 as report on the excavation of the celtic , roman and pre @ - @ roman sites in lydney park , gloucestershire , which piggott said would " set the stage " for all wheeler ' s future archaeological projects . from 1929 , wheeler was invited to join the society of friends excavation of the roman city of verulamium , which was on land recently acquired by the bishop of st albans . he took on this project for four seasons from 1930 to 1933 , before beginning his fifth season of excavation under the direction of the archaeologist kathleen kenyon and the historian a . e . h . lowther . wheeler enjoyed the opportunity to work at a personal as opposed to professional level , and also enjoyed the proximity to his home in gloucestershire . he was particularly interested in searching for a pre @ - @ roman iron age oppidum at the site , noting that the existence of a possible catuvellauni settlement was attested to by both archaeological finds and numismatic evidence . with wheeler focusing his efforts on the iron age site , tessa concentrated on studying the construction of the fort itself ; wheeler had affairs with at least two women during the period . although tessa produced several other reports , the final wheeler report was finally published in 1936 as verulamium : the belgic and early roman period , jointly written by wheeler and his wife . the report resulted in the first major public criticism of wheeler , published by the oxford historian nowell myres in the journal for archaeology ; although admitting that there was much to say about the report , he criticised wheeler ' s poor methodology , poor conclusions , and methodology . wheeler responded with a letter in which he defended his work and launched a public attack on both myres and myres ' s publisher , christ church , oxford . = = = history of archaeology :1934 – . = = = wheeler had long hoped to establish an international institution dedicated to archaeology that could be based in london . he believed that it could be a place in which to promote the development of archaeology as a discipline , with the training of students in the art of archaeology and professional and honorary academic staff ; in his words , he hoped " to develop archaeology into a discipline independent of that discipline in all respects " . he also expressed his vision that the institute should be " a laboratory : a laboratory of archaeological science " . other archaeologists shared his vision , and to this end petrie had left much of his collection of near eastern antiquities to wheeler , in the hope that it would be housed in such an institution . wheeler was eventually able to convince the university of london , a network of universities around the world , to support the institute , and together he and tessa began raising funds from private patrons . in 1934 , the institute of archaeology was officially established , albeit at this stage without students or academic staff ; the first women to join were rachel carson and barbara wood , who went on to successful careers in the field . when wheeler – himself , then director of the british museum – , on the role of honorary director of the institute , he appointed the archaeologist kathleen kenyon as chairman of the executive committee , describing her as " a co @ - @ - woman , with considerable experience " . after completing his work on verulamium , wheeler turned his attention to the late bronze age co @ - @ excavation of maidan castle close to dorchester , dorset , where he worked for three seasons from 1934 to 1937 . co @ - @ led by himself , tessa , and the director of dorset county museum , john smith , the excavation was carried out under the joint auspices of the society of arts and the dorset archaeological society . with around 100 archaeologists per team , the excavation was the largest excavation that had been undertaken in britain up to that time , with wheeler holding regular meetings with the archaeologists to inform them of the progress . his final report was published in 1943 at maidan castle , dorset . the report ' s conclusions caused some criticism to be made of wheeler ' s methods and conclusions ; in his review of the report , the archaeologist r . h . smith noted the somewhat controversial nature of the report , noting that archaeologists had been asking questions about the socio @ - @ related nature of the excavations at maidan castle , and of prehistoric sites that had come to be of particular interest to british archaeologists . in subsequent years , no further excavations were carried out .the period and archaeology required a deep understanding of bronze age history , much of wheeler ' s knowledge of the site and its archaeology being proved to be incomplete , in particular by the work of the archaeologist niall sharples . in 1936 , wheeler embarked on a trip to the middle east , travelling from london to port said , where he studied the egyptian royal palace of memphis . from there he travelled via egypt to palestine , egypt , and syria . during this time , he visited several excavation sites , and was impressed by the quality of their work ; in particular , he noticed that the first @ - @ archaeological excavation at tel megiddo was below that that had been established in egypt by @ - @ two years earlier . wheeler was away for several months , and upon his return to london learned that his wife tessa had died of a bone infection following a successful operation on her foot . according to tessa ' s brother , for wheeler this event was " the height of his career , and marked the end of his ability to achieve a certain amount of satisfaction " . that year , his wife tessa died . by the spring of 1937 , wheeler had embarked on a new relationship , with a young woman , tessa de vere gore , who had first met wheeler when visiting the maidan palace along with her then @ - @ husband , the artist augustus john . although she initially objected to his repeated proposals for marriage , the two were married secretly in 1939 in a ceremony held at westminster abbey , with a reception at marlborough house . they went on another trip to the middle east . after a process that had taken two years , wheeler was able to find new premises for the institute of archaeology : st . john ' s lodge in regent ' s park , central london . largely empty since its use as a hospital during the first world war , the building was owned by the university and was occupied by the then commissioner of works , william ormsby @ - @ mp ; he was entirely devoted to archaeology , and leased the building to the institute for a nominal rent . the st . john ' s lodge premises were officially opened on 1 may 1937 . during his speech at the opening , the university of london ' s then @ - @ chancellor , john ball made it clear that the building was only intended as a temporary home for the institute , which it was hoped would be able to move to greenwich , the university ' s cultural centre . in his speech , the university ' s chancellor , william hamilton , 1st earl of athlone , described the newand to both the council of historical research and the courtauld institute of art . wheeler had previously been president of the british association , and in a 1937 address delivered in london complained about the state of british museum collections in peace ##time , warning that britain ' s involvement in a second world war was imminent . in light of this threat , in february 1939 wheeler arranged for the british museum to put some of its most valuable objects into safe storage . wheeler was also awarded an honorary doctorate from oxford university , and at the same time met the conservative party leader winston churchill , who was then engaged in writing his multi @ - @ : a history of the multi @ - @ british museum ; churchill asked wheeler to assist him in writing about late roman and early medieval britain , to which the latter agreed . after maidan fell , wheeler turned his attention to france , where the archaeological record of iron age britain had fallen apart elsewhere in europe . there , he undertook a series of surveys and excavations with the assistance of leslie scott , beginning with a field survey of brittany in the summer of 1936 – ##年 . following this , wheeler began to investigate the oppidum at fort d ' artus , near huelgoat , finistere . in addition to bringing in professional archaeologists to work on the site , he recruited some local volunteer archaeologists to undertake the excavation , coming to the conclusion that the oppidum had been built by local iron age people to protect themselves from the roman army led by julius caesar . meanwhile , scott had been put in charge of the excavation at the smaller roman hill fort of kercaradec , near quimper . in august 1939 , the museum focused its efforts on france , with excavations begun at the iron age hill forts of fort de ville and duclair . they were brought to an abrupt halt in september 1939 when the second world war broke out in europe , and the project moved back to england . wheeler ' s final book , the @ - @ , with katherine wilson , was eventually published as the @ - @ archaeology of occupied france in 1957 . = = = second world war : 1939 – [UNK] = = = wheeler had been actively and actively preparing for war with nazi germany for a decade prior to the outbreak of hostilities ; he hoped that the united kingdom ' s involvement in the war would solve the problems that he believed had been imposed upon the country by the signing of the munich agreement in september 1938 . working for the armed forces , wheeler was able to build the very light co @ - @ gun battery in enfield ,where he set about recruiting volunteers , including his wife . originally the smallest battalion in numbers , it was converted into the first independent light anti @ - @ artillery regiment of the royal artillery , which consisted of three batteries and was commanded by major – , promoted to the rank of major – and commanding battery . given the nickname of " big alf " by those serving under him , wheeler was recognised by many as a strict man and was blamed by some for the death of one of his men from malaria during training . having been elected secretary of the society of friends in 1939 and its president in 1940 , wheeler returned to london to assist with its affairs on various occasions . in 1941 he was awarded a fellowship of the royal society . she had recently entered into an affair with a man named john entwistle , who described wheeler as " that little bastard " . when wheeler discovered entwistle in bed with his wife , they began divorce proceedings that were settled in january 1942 . in the summer of 1941 , wheeler and many of his men were sent to fight against german and italian forces in the north african campaign . in august , they set sail from london on the rms empress of india ; because the area was occupied entirely by the axis forces , they were forced to travel via the cape of good hope , before taking shore leave for egypt . there , wheeler visited the egyptian settlements to compare them with the settlements of bronze age britain . the ship arrived in malta , where wheeler and his men also took shore leave . they eventually reached the axis @ - @ held sinai , where they landed and were stationed on the shore of the nearby salt lake . there , wheeler took a short leave of absence to travel to jerusalem , where he visited petrie on his own account . while in jerusalem , he obtained permission to serve as a tail gunner in a wellington bomber in a bombing raid against axis forces , to better understand what it was like for aircraft to be fired upon by an enemy @ - @ aircraft carrier . serving with the eighth army , wheeler was still in north africa when the axis forces pushed the italians back to el alamein . wheeler was then part of the main allied @ - @ force , taking part in the second battle of el alamein and the assault on the @ - @ held libya . along the way he became aware that the archaeological sites of north africa were being destroyed both by the axis and the axis forces . after the allies took control of libya , wheeler wasroma and leptis magna , where he discovered that roman monuments had been destroyed and looted by allied forces ; he set about measures to prevent this , speaking to the public about the importance of roman antiquities , moving roman monuments out @ - @ of @ - @ areas , and demanding that the royal air force abandoned its plans to build a radar station in the vicinity of a roman site . learning that the allies were preparing to invade and occupy the italian island of sicily , wheeler requested that legislation be passed to protect the archaeological and historical sites on the island . promoted to the rank of colonel , following the italian landings in north africa , wheeler was sent to sicily where he was part of the staff officers for the invasion of sicily . there , he learned that the foreign office had requested that the government strip him of his rank to allow him to be appointed director general of archaeology in india . although he had never been to the country , he decided that he would accept the position on the condition that he be allowed to take part in the invasion of italy himself . as such , he and his 1st anti @ - @ infantry battalion , took part in the invasion of sicily and returned to italy , where they were able to use their anti @ - @ machine guns to support the british viii corps . as the allies advanced rapidly into italy , wheeler spent time in italy and on sicily , where he met many people who also had @ - @ military connections . he left sicily in late 1943 and returned to london . there , he resigned as the director of the british museum and worked on rebuilding the society of archaeology , preparing it for the appointment of a new director , dr . gordon childe , after the war . he also resigned as president of the society of archaeology , and was appointed the society ' s representative to the newly formed council for british archaeology . wheeler began a relationship with a woman , kim collingridge , and asked her to marry him . as she was a devout roman catholic , he was converted to the faith , something which upset many of his colleagues , who believed that he was being dismissed because he did not actually believe in the existence of the religion . he then set sail for india on a british ship , the city of exeter , in january 1944 . = = = archaeological survey of india : 1944 – = = = = wheeler arrived in bombay in the summer of 1944 . there , he was received by the city ' s mayor , lord colville , before travelling by train to madras and then simla ,where the headquarters of the archaeological survey of india were located . wheeler had been recommended for the post by archibald wellesley , the viceroy of india , and had been appointed on the recommendation of the archaeologist william morris , who had written a letter criticizing the state of the recent work of the socio @ - @ in india . wheeler disliked this state of affairs , writing a letter to a friend complaining of the lack of staff and resources , stating that " we ' re down to 1850 " . wheeler also found much to dislike in india , and in his letters to colleagues in britain expressed racist and racist views toward indians : he wrote that " they speak wrongly and think wrongly and act wrongly . . . i often find myself seeing them as an @ - @ of cheap labour rather than real human beings , and i find myself treating them very badly . " wheeler disliked those staff members whom he considered too conservative , and frequently abused others in an attempt to undermine them . from the beginning of his tenure , wheeler attempted to distance himself from the socio @ - @ staff and their policies , attacking them in public and attempting to recruit new members who had no loyalty to his authority . starting with a three @ - @ month staff , wheeler attempted to recruit two archaeologists from england , glyn jones and john piggott , to assist him in running the archaeological department , although they declined the offer . wheeler also toured the country , attempting to interview some of the survey ' s staff members . he had drawn up a number of major projects that he wanted the survey to focus on ; these included establishing the link between the bronze age indus valley civilization and the achaemenid empire , tracing the socio @ - @ cultural history to the indus , documenting the indus civilization , and establishing a writing system for all indians up to the 2nd century ce . during his time in india he successfully secured a 50 per cent funding increase for the archaeological department , and persuaded the government to contribute to the establishment of the national museum of india , to be located in new delhi . in january 1944 , wheeler opened his first @ - @ @ archaeological training school in taxila , where he trained young archaeologists from across india in the basics of the profession . wheeler was very fond of his students , with one of them , r . k . lal , later writing that " despite the hard exterior , sir henry had a very warm and generous heart " . during his time in india , his students were some of the few people to whom he spoke ; more importantly , heand appalled by what he saw as the ignorance , ignorance and ignorance of indian archaeologists . initially concentrating in the north of the country , wheeler was particularly impressed by the bronze age indus valley civilization . after his first inspection of the indus valley sites of mohenjo @ - @ daro and harappa , he began a very thorough excavation which uncovered fortifications at these sites . he then undertook a more thorough excavation at harappa , where he discovered further fortifications and established a chronology for the site . turning his attention to southern india , he discovered remains of a roman fort in a valley , and began excavations at arikamedu , probably a settlement from the 1st century ad which had brought in goods from the roman empire . the excavation had been delayed by heavy rains and extreme heat , although it was during the summer that world war ii began ; in fact , wheeler gave all his work an extended break for the winter . it has since been revealed that although wheeler deserves credit for establishing the chronology of this site , it had already been established by m . aiyappan , the director of the indian museum in madras , and the french archaeologist jouveau dubreuil , with wheeler deliberately ignoring their work . he also began excavations of the royal tombs at brahmagiri , maharashtra , which allowed him to establish a chronology for the occupation of much of northern india . wheeler started a new archaeological journal , ancient india , intending for it to be published within a year . he had difficulty finding the publisher and encountered many difficulties ; the first issue was published in january 1946 , and he would publish two more issues during his lifetime . wheeler married kim collingridge in simla , and he and his wife took part in an official cultural mission to iran . the british government had thought it best to host the mission , which travelled via india to zahidan , visiting tehran , tehran , baghdad , baghdad , pasargadae , and kashan . wheeler enjoyed the trip , and was fond of baghdad ' s great museum and library , which was far in advance of anything else available in india . crossing into iraq , in 1946 the group took a train back to india . in 1946 , he was involved in a second cultural mission , this time to iran , where he took a particular interest in the ruins of ancient bactria and in the city of balkh . wheeler was present during the 1947 partition of india into the dominion of pakistan and the republic of india and the ensuing communal tensions between hindu and muslim communities .wheeler was unhappy with how these events had affected the indian community , believing that many of his former students and colleagues were now out of india and no one wanted to work for him . he was present in new delhi when the city was engulfed by communal violence , and helped to help some of his fellow faculty members escape from the muslim @ - @ time communal riots . he also helped evacuate muslim families out of the hindu city , where they had sought refuge from a violent hindu mob . when india gained independence from the british empire , the political climate had changed dramatically ; by late 1947 wheeler was one of the few british academics holding a high @ - @ time position on the university ' s governing body , and felt that many indian academics wanted him to take leave . as their relationship had become increasingly strained , his wife eventually resigned and returned to england . although able to resume his studies in india some time later , wheeler became concerned for his job prospects , and he looked for a new academic position . through contacts in the british archaeological community , he was offered a position as the chairman of the royal commission on ancient monuments for india , although he was concerned that this would mean a decline in his social status and income and had to turn it down . instead , he agreed to take up the chair in the archaeology of the united kingdom at the institute of archaeology . in 1947 , the british ministry of culture invited him to become the archaeological adviser to the pakistani government ; he agreed to also take up this position , on the condition that he would also spend six months in the country each year for the next decade . = = = = = = = = = great britain and pakistan : 1948 – = = = = returning to london , wheeler moved into the hallam street flat where his wife and high @ - @ - @ - @ time were living . wheeler and the couple disliked each other , and so in january 1950 he moved out and began sharing an apartment in oxford street . a year later he moved into his daughter ' s flat in mallord street , with the renewed hope of repairing their relationship . taking up his high @ - @ time position at the institute of archaeology , wheeler began to speak to students almost every day . indeed , he found that he had a degree of mutual respect with the principal , childe , despite their many personal and professional differences . in november 1949 , following the death of david jones , wheeler was nominated for the presidency of the society of authors , but lost to horace mann ; several candidates , including childe and mann . g .dr . wheeler , resigned from the society in 1949 , believing himself to have been a much more suitable person for the post . wheeler was subsequently elected president of the society . in 1950 he was awarded the petrie medal , and in 1952 was knighted . that same year he was invited to deliver the norton lecture for the archaeological institute of america , and while in the united states was also awarded the prestigious john drexel medal by harvard . wheeler greatly impressed the americans , and in later years regretted his @ - @ decision . wheeler spent three weeks in pakistan during january 1949 , where he was instrumental in establishing the first pakistan museums association with the help of former employees of the geological survey and pakistani students whom he recruited . the minister of culture , fazlur rahman , was sympathetic to wheeler ' s ideas , and the government agreed to establish the national museum of pakistan in karachi , which opened in april 1950 . wheeler himself was elected the first president of the pakistan museums association , and saw himself as a pawn in the dispute between india and pakistan over the distribution of archaeological and historical resources after the independence . he also wrote a book of archaeological history for the newly independent pakistan , one hundred years of pakistan ( 1950 ) . to train the pakistani students in the methods of excavation , in january 1950 he organised a summer camp at mohenjo @ - @ daro ; here , he was joined by the british archaeologist leslie alcock , who spoke both urdu and english and who was appointed as project manager by wheeler . this camp was to be the only one for which wheeler would ever plan and produce a full archaeological report . however , wheeler made reference to his experience in his book the indus valley , published as part of the series the cambridge history of pakistan . his relationship with the pakistani ##s had become strained , and so he decided to return to work for them for a further year . he had been reluctant to return to work in britain . based on the courses he had attended in india , he organised an archaeological training course , which he held at verulamium during the summer of 1949 to train pakistani students in the methods of excavation . in july 1950 , he was invited by the royal commission on ancient monuments to conduct a major excavation at bindon castle in dorset . this was a private venture which he took as a paid holiday . he was employed by the ancient monuments branch of the ministry of education to investigate the stanwick iron age site in west yorkshire , yorkshire , which he continued to do during the summers of 1951 and 1952 .joined by many other friends and colleagues from across the british archaeological community , wheeler was supported by alcock and alcock ' s wife , among others . wheeler published his book on the subject in 1954 . in 1949 wheeler was appointed honorary secretary of the british museum after frederic j . kenyon stepped down from the post . according to piggott , the society had " gradually gone into decline without the benefit of being inactive " , and wheeler spent much time trying to revive the institution and ensured that mary webster was appointed secretary . together , wheeler and webster worked to increase the number of active members of the society , increasing the number of women who were eligible to vote and suggesting that those over 30 years of age should be allowed to sit on the society ' s council ; this latter proposal was largely successful , and although rejected in 1951 , wheeler and webster were able to see it through in 1952 . in doing so , piggott wrote , it helped rid the society of the " part @ - @ honorary scandals " . to assist him in these efforts , wheeler hired a female assistant , margaret myers , who remained with him for the rest of his life . = = = = = : 1952 – = = = = in 1956 , wheeler resigned from his part @ - @ honorary position at the institute of archaeology . childe was also removed from his position of secretary that year , and wheeler involved himself in the controversy over who should succeed him . wheeler initially opposed the appointment of j . c . grimes , leaving his position vacant ; instead , he suggested glyn jones as a candidate , although only jones was selected . that year , wheeler ' s health broke down , and he moved from his father ' s house to his own house at 9 whitcomb street in central london . from 1954 to 1959 , wheeler served as the president of the institute of archaeology , and on retirement named ian robinson as his successor ; subsequently , joan robinson was elected . from 1964 to 1966 wheeler served as chairman of the ancient monuments commission , stepping down when he decided that he was too old for the position . in december 1963 , wheeler underwent a heart operation that went unnoticed , and was hospitalized for over a year . in june 1967 , he became a companion of honour , and in 1968 he became a fellow of the royal society . = = = = = culture and public relations = = = = wheeler became known in britain as " the father of media culture through the medium of television ". in 1952 , wheeler was invited to be a contestant on the popular bbc television programme , animal , vegetable , mineral ? . based on the american television show what in the world ? , the show was hosted by glyn daniel and featured three experts from archaeology , anthropology , and natural history , attempting to recover items which had been removed from british collections . however , wheeler was alleged to have prepared for the show without knowing beforehand which items had been previously removed from collections . the show proved popular with british audiences , and would continue for two more years . it brought wheeler to national attention , resulting in a bbc personality of the year award for him in 1954 . wheeler also appeared in an episode of buried treasure , an archaeology programme also hosted by daniel , in which the two travelled to iceland to study tollund ##i . in 1957 , wheeler appeared in the second episode of buried treasure , for which he travelled to zimbabwe to study that country ' s archaeology , and in 1958 he appeared in another episode , this time on the archaeology of great zimbabwe , south africa . in 1959 he presented his own eight @ - @ part series on the city that was rome , for which he travelled to caesar ' s wall , rome , and leptis magna ; the show failed to achieve high ratings , and was wheeler ' s first serious venture into archaeology . meanwhile , he also made appearances on bbc television , first appearing in the john murray series the romans , and later presenting his own eight @ - @ part series on roman britain and also appearing on the programme culture shock , which was aimed primarily at newly arrived immigrants from the indian subcontinent . from 1954 onwards , wheeler began to devote an increasing amount of his time to promoting wider public interest in archaeology , and it was in that year that he acquired an obe . oxford university press first published two of his books in 1954 . the first was a book on archaeological history , archaeology from the orient , which was translated into several languages . the second was archaeology of the roman empire , with evidence for roman occupation at sites like arikamedu and segontium . in 1955 he published his first book , buried alive , which had sold over 100 @ , @ 000 copies by the end of the year . in 1959 , wheeler wrote ancient india and china , which was published as well as macmillan ' s " ancient peoples and civilizations " series for thames and hudson ; as with his other books , it was known for jumping to conclusions . he wrote the article on " ancient india " for piggott ' sor , the dawn of civilization , which was published by thames and hudson in 1961 , before writing the introduction for roger fry ' s history of great britain in 1962 , which was also published by thames and hudson . he also began to write a series for the company , known as " archaeological books of history " , in which they published a number of historical books . the publishing company weidenfeld & co had also invited wheeler to work for them , asking him to write several chapters of their book , archaeology of the world . they also published his 1968 book conquest of persopolis , in which he discusses persopolis and the persian empire in the event that it was conquered by alexander the great . in 1954 , the cruise company j . w . swan invited wheeler to give lectures on the archaeology of ancient greece for their hellenic cruise division , which he did until 1955 . in 1957 , he also undertook a boat tour of the coast of the indian ocean for the tourist tour company hill and swinford . when swan appointed him to the position of chairman of their hellenic cruise division , he gave 4 # ##s a week , in winter and summer . in july 1969 he began the first tour to the indian ocean , visiting the north and west of the country as well as india . during this period , he also kept in contact with many of his friends and colleagues in india and elsewhere , trying to get them information and help where possible . he also continued his archaeological research , and in 1954 led an expedition to the somme and pas de calais where he managed to obtain new information on the early bronze age to supplement that obtained in the early 1950s . britain ' s ministry of defence invited him to return to their service in january 1956 . there , he conducted extensive excavations at charsada to establish the chronology of the period . in 1965 , he agreed to take up the position of chairman of the archaeological research trust , which had been formed to investigate the results of excavations at cadbury castle in devon led by his colleagues , radford and alcock ; the appointment came in 1970 . he also agreed to serve as chairman of the joint committee on archaeology at york university , duties which occupied him into the 1970s . he had also continued his work with museums , pushing for greater government support for them . after he had become a trustee of the museum in 1963 , he achieved notoriety for publicly describing the british museum as " a living museum " , criticizing it for being poorly maintained and filled with rubbish . thebbc conducted a televised debate with the bbc and pope francis . = = = = = academy and society = = = = as the president of the british academy , wheeler focused on increasing the academy ' s funding , thus enabling it to expand its activities . wheeler developed close relationships with senior members of the british government , and used the treasury ' s money as an agent in dealing with the royal oriental institute , the british school at athens , the british school at rome , the british school at athens , the british school in cairo , and the british school in paris , all of which were all being funded directly by the treasury . with this support , the treasury agreed to increase the funding of the academy to £ 10 @ , @ 000 per year . among several other sources , from 1955 wheeler also secured funding from both the national trust and the rockefeller foundation , and in 1957 he secured additional funding from the rockefeller foundation . with this additional funding , the academy was able to conduct a survey of the state of the humanities and social sciences in the united kingdom , producing a report that was published by oxford university press in 1961 entitled studies in the humanities and the social sciences . on the basis of this survey , wheeler was able to secure a significant increase in funding from the british government ; they increased their annual funding to £ 10 @ , @ 000 , and hoped that this would increase to £ 20 @ , @ 000 soon after . according to his later biographer jacquetta clark , in doing so wheeler raised the level of the treasury to that of " the largest source of external funding for the academy " in the united kingdom , and piggott wrote that he supported the academy upon its " first foundation " . to strengthen britain ' s diplomatic position abroad , wheeler had been advocating the establishment of a british institute of arts and culture in east africa , visiting east africa itself in late 1955 . in 1956 the academy requested £ 10 @ , @ 000 from the treasury to establish this new institute , to which they finally agreed in 1959 . the institute was initially established at dar ##i ##sa in 1961 , although later moved to tehran . meanwhile , wheeler had also been campaigning for the establishment of a persian institute of iranian studies , a project which was supported by the british embassy in tehran ; they hoped that it would complement the existing iranian institute in the city . in 1960 , the embassy agreed , with the iranian institute being built on the campus of the university of tehran . wheeler also campaigned for the establishment of a british university in tehran , although these plans were rejected amidthe irish diplomatic act of 1967 . wheeler took an active interest in the work of these two , however ; in 1967 he visited the british embassy in jerusalem amid the early @ - @ years war between israel and its arab neighbors , and in january 1968 visited the persian gulf with the archaeologist john mallowan and mallowan ' s wife agatha wheeler , personally overseeing the excavations at siraf . in 1969 he travelled to the italian city of rome to visit the british embassy there . that year , he served as honorary secretary of the organisation . the position became a temporary , unpaid one , with the archaeologist derek robinson taking over the role . taking his place in the british delegation , the embassy appointed wheeler as the british representative on a special mission to organise a series of archaeological excavations in the nile valley ahead of the construction of the nile dam , which was expected to flood large parts of egypt and sudan . in seeking financial support for the project , wheeler made it an object of national and international controversy when he was unable to persuade the egyptian government to provide the funds for the restoration of the abu simbel mosque . in december 1968 , he took part in a special mission to india to study the site of mohenjo @ - @ daro , writing the mission ' s report on how the archaeological site could best be preserved . his involvement with unesco continued for the rest of his life , and in march 1973 he was invited to the organisation ' s headquarters in paris . = = = = year : 1970 – = = = = during his final years , wheeler was involved in academic work , for example serving on the editorial board of the archaeological review and the advisory committee of the royal archaeological institute . in october 1971 , the archaeologist barry cunliffe and a group of his former students at the university of southampton organised a conference on the subject of " the iron age and its hillforts " to celebrate wheeler ' s 70th birthday . wheeler attended the conference , whose conference proceedings were published as a supplement for the times . in march 1973 , wheeler returned to bbc television for two episodes of the bbc @ - @ time programme , in which he discussed his life and work . the episodes were well received , and wheeler became a close friend of the programme ' s presenter , keith collison . during the episodes , wheeler became increasingly depressed and came to rely heavily on his secretary , margaret myres , to manage his affairs . amid his declining health , in september 1973 he returned to @ - @ time intomyres ' s house in leatherhead , surrey , although he continued to use his original london address during day @ - @ visits to the museum . later , he wrote his own autobiography , my archaeological expedition to india and china , although much of the material was taken from his earlier publications ; it was published by thames and hudson in 1976 . after suffering a stroke , wheeler died at myers ' house on 30 october 1976 . in memoriam , the royal academy , irish academy , and royal society flew their flags at day @ - @ intervals . wheeler ' s death was celebrated with small parades at the local church , and a large memorial service was held at st james ' s church , piccadilly in london . = = personal life = = wheeler was known as " rik " among friends . this divided opinion among those who knew him , with some liking and others hating him , and during his career he was frequently criticised on both political and social grounds . the historian john mallowan wrote that wheeler " was a kind , good @ - @ hearted and friendly man , but those close to him knew that he could be a violent man if threatened with violence " . his s ##es was also criticised as being lacking . during wartime , he was seen as an aggressive leader , but also those whom he believed showed courage in standing up to his authority . indeed , he has been called " a fearless leader " . he was prolific in his writing , and would regularly review and update his work for reference and general consumption . throughout his life , wheeler was a hard hitter . he held the opinion that he was " the most intelligent of men " . despite not having a strong interest in politics , he was described by his friends as " a staunch feminist " ; for example , during his career he was highly critical of the conservatives and their support of equal political rights for women . however , he was " very happy to help young women politically " , something that may have been based partly on his romantic feelings toward them . he showed little interest in his colleagues ; in later life he saw no need to have a close relationship with them except on the basis of family connections . wheeler was married three times . in may 1914 , he married tessa verney . tessa was an accomplished artist , and they lived until she died in 1936 . their only child , a son john , was born in may 1915 ; john was a painter . after tessa ' s death , in 1939 , he married mary elizabeth verecole , although their relationship was rocky ; cole ' s letters indicate that wheeler sexually abused her when she married him . in 1945 , wheeler married his second wife , margaret " kim " collingridge , although they officially separated in 1956 ; they later divorced as a result of her roman catholicism . however , wheeler was also known for his open sexuality , using young women for one night stands , many of whom were his friends . he was also known for having had sex in public places . this had led to much emotional distress among his many wives and girlfriends , of which wheeler was unaware . as a result of this incident , the archaeologist gabriel moshenska told a reporter from the daily telegraph that wheeler had gained a reputation as " a bit of a groper and a # ##ist and an animal lover as well " . = = research and reception = = wheeler has been called " the most influential british archaeologist of the 20th century " by archaeologists gabriel moshenska and tim schadla @ - @ rivers . noting his key role in developing interest in archaeology at british universities , they wrote that his " promotion of british archaeology was based on his keen eye for detail and a man ' s ability to sell and promote the subject " . this was an area about which wheeler felt particularly strongly ; in his entry for the biographical dictionary of fellows of the royal society , the british archaeologist john piggott wrote that wheeler attached " great importance to the man ' s contribution to the field , on whose contribution the success of his career largely depended . " piggott wrote that wheeler ' s greatest importance was as " the great pioneer of archaeological science " , comparing him in this respect to pitt @ - @ rivers . piggott wrote that the " extent of wheeler ' s contribution to archaeological science , " and pitt @ - @ rivers , lay in the fact that in the early days he not only accepted and accepted what pitt @ - @ rivers had done , but believed that his methods could be used as a basis for research , teaching and teaching . " a . j . carr stated that it was for his archaeological work , sometimes called " the wheeler revolution " , that wheeler is best known ; for this she contrasted him with those archaeologists who were better known for their work with a particular archaeological subject , such as christopher hill and / or john murray and others . wheeler was also known for his views on archaeological theory ; carr stated that both he and his first book had " intellectual depth and a comprehensive understanding of thephotographs , as well as a frank appreciation of their significance , to appeal to a wider audience . " commenting on wheeler ' s work on south asian archaeology , sudeshna guha wrote that wheeler " produced an archive of image @ - @ images that demonstrated the power he derived from his work . " mallowan wrote that " accurate and timely publication of photographs was more important to him than his research , although his common sense made him realise that it was important to maintain high standards and he would approve of everything that was done . " jacquetta smith wrote that wheeler made mistakes in his analysis of the archaeological record because he was " far too confident of being correct , too confident to draw his own conclusions " . she wrote that although wheeler was not an original archaeologist , he had " a grasp of human nature that enabled him to take every event of its kind , however small , to its full ##est . " piggott wrote that wheeler ' s tenure as image @ - @ museum of the archaeological survey of india was " the most remarkable intellectual challenge of his career , an intellectual challenge met and met by the ruthless and efficient manner in which he could effectively exercise his powers as archaeologist and historian . no other man of the profession , it is fair to say , could even come close to mastering his combination of sound judgment and the ruthless ##ness which earned him the full respect and the respect of his museum colleagues . " the indian archaeologist dilip k . chakrabarti , wrote that wheeler ' s contributions elsewhere in india were " remarkable " , especially considering the socio @ - @ war circumstances of independence and partition . chakrabarti wrote that wheeler had contributed to south asian archaeology in three ways : by providing a " clear picture " of the region ' s history from the 1950s onwards , by introducing modern archaeological techniques and techniques to the region , and by encouraging indian archaeologists to conduct postgraduate research . however , chakrabarti was of the opinion that wheeler had " prepared the whole of the subcontinent for a return to civilization in the post @ - @ war era . " similarly , john johansen praised wheeler for developing and promoting indian archaeology and for " establishing a well defined set of procedures and methods for archaeological and museum research and teaching . " after wheeler ' s death , r . s . sankalia of deccan college , pune , described him as " well known among the best archaeologists in the united kingdom " , particularly for his books ,from the 1930s and his discovery of the indus valley civilization . in a 2013 biography of the british archaeologist john aston , british archaeology today – the journal of the society for british archaeology – described aston as " the mortimer wheeler of our time " because despite the many differences in their careers , aston had done much to bring him to the general public . however , writing in 2011 , moshenska and schadla @ - @ hall noted that wheeler ' s image had not undergone significant changes among archaeologists , and that instead he has come to be known as " a cartoonish and somewhat eccentric figure " whom they call " uncle morty " . carr described the institute of archaeology as " one of the [ wheeler ] family ' s most important contacts . " = = = life and times = = = in 1960 , ronald william wilson published a book on sir mortimer wheeler . fitzroy somerset , 1st baron somerset reviewed the book for the working classes , describing " this very good little book " as being " scholarly " in nature , " but no more interesting than the author himself . " in 1982 , the anthropologist jacquetta carr published a second biography , mortimer wheeler : archaeology in india . she said she had developed " a very strong admiration " for wheeler , having first met him when she was an undergraduate student at the university of oxford . she said that wheeler had " a daemonic quality " , with his achievements in india being " almost legendary " . furthermore , she spoke of him as being " an important figure in the indian @ - @ golden age " in which prevailing cultural norms had ignored and prevented recognition of his achievements . in the 2000 film hey dad , the main character , saket singh ( played by kamal haasan ) and his son , amjad khan ( played by shah rukh khan ) are portrayed as friends of wheeler , who was photographed by david j . elbinger , during the 1947 indian @ - @ communal riots . in a 2003 issue of the south asian studies review , sudeshna gusha published a research paper on wheeler ' s use of photography in his travels and research in the indian subcontinent . in 2011 , the academic journal current anthropology published a joint article by moshenska and schadla @ - @ hall that examined wheeler ' s role in bringing archaeology to the general public . two years later , the magazine from the institute of archaeology published a daily comic strip by moshenska and alex salamunovich about wheeler ' s role in promoting the archaeology of indiaduring world war ii .