= type of = = there have been a number of dinosaur species assigned to the carnosaurian dinosaur genus a since its description in 1877 by othniel charles marsh , but only a few are currently recognized as valid . it was originally described from material from the late cretaceous morrison formation of the southwestern united states of america ; the type species a . fragilis is one of the earliest @ - @ known species of dinosaur . the genus name was part of the marsh / cope " fossil wars " of the late 19th century , and its taxonomy became increasingly complicated due to the wars , with many genera and species named by cope and marsh being classified as species of a or a . fragilis . since the description of it , scientists have described new species from as well @ - @ known areas as mongolia , china , and russia . = = = = type of = = the issue of taxonomy is complicated by the type specimen of a fragillis ( accession number ypm 1930 ) being extremely incomplete , consisting of a few dorsal vertebrae , limb bone fragments , tooth fragments , and one tooth . because of this , some scientists have argued that the type specimen , and therefore the genus name itself for at least the species a . fragillis , is considered a nomen dubium ( " dubious name " , based on a skeleton too incomplete to belong to other specimens prior to description ) . in an attempt to resolve this issue , gregory s . paul and kenneth miller ( 2010 ) submitted a petition to the iczn to have the species a . fragillis be assigned to the more complete specimen usnm4734 ( as a neotype ) . this petition is currently under consideration . = = = = . = = it is unclear how many species of dinosaur there are . several species have been considered as valid since 1988 ( a . amplexus , a . atrox , a . europaeus , the type species a . fragilis , the four @ - @ species now officially named " a . jimmadseni " , a . lucasi , a . maximus , and a . tendagurensis ) , although only about half are currently considered valid at any given time . there are also at least five dubious or undescribed species that have been assigned to it over the years , along with the species assigned to or previously placed into it . in the most recent analysis of the tetanuran record , only a . fra##gilis ( later a . amplexus and a . atrox ) , " a . jimmadseni " ( previously an unnamed species ) , and a . tendagurensis are recognized as a valid species , with a . europaeus not yet described and a . maximus assigned to saurophaganax . a . fragilis is the type species and was named by marsh in 1877 . it is known from the remains of at least four individuals , all found in the kimmeridgian – tithonian - - @ - @ age morrison formation of the united states , distributed in the states of colorado , arizona , new mexico , nebraska , south dakota , montana , and wyoming . parts of the neck ( upper jaw ) of a . fragilis have been described as diagnostic among other specimens , but the discovery of " a . jimmadseni " suggests that this may no longer be the case at the species level . a . amplexus was named by gregory s . paul for the morrison formation specimens , and placed in his genus saurophagus maximus ( later saurophaganax ) . a . amplexus was first described by marsh in 1878 as the type species of his new genus epanterias , and was based on what is now amnh 5767 , consisting of two vertebrae , a coracoid , and a skull . since marsh ' s death , this species has been regarded as a synonym of a . fragilis . the specimen from colorado was first described in 1999 on the basis of mhnul / and . 001 , a partial skeleton including a skull , vertebrae , ribs , gastralia , ribs , parts of the neck , and vertebrae . this specimen was assigned to a . fragilis , and the subsequent discovery of a partial skull and vertebrae ( mn 415 ) from lourinha , in the kimmeridgian @ - @ age porto novo member of the lourinha formation , prompted the description of the new species a . europaeus . it differs from other species of dinosaur in many respects . however , these specimens would prove it to be a . fragilis , as previously thought . robert chure ' s research on morrison allosaurid remains has been mistaken , directly or indirectly , for " a . jimmadseni " and a . maximus . " a . jimmadseni " is the accepted name for the new species of morrison allosa##ur , based on a nearly complete skeleton and skull . a . sp . maximus , as it is now known , differs from a . fragilis in several anatomical details including a jugal and horn with a rounded lower end , and is currently found only in the salt lake member of the morrison formation , with a . fragilis only found in the lower great basin member . a . maximus was named by david k . smith for chure ' s saurophaganax maximus , a genus named by chure in 1995 for two allosaurid remains from the triassic of colorado . these remains had been known as saurophagus , but that name was already in use , leading chure to suggest a replacement . smith , in his 1998 description of maximus , concluded that a . maximus was not distinct enough from maximus to warrant a new genus , but did constitute its own species , a . maximus . this view was supported in the most recent study of the tetanurans . = = = maximus , a . atrox , and a . fragilis = = the view that there were two distinct type species in the morrison formation was challenged by gregory s . paul ' s 1988 book , dinosaurs of the cretaceous . paul noted that a . fragilis had longer front legs and a heavier skull compared to the other type species a . atrox , and was likely of mixed ancestry due to rarity . ##aurus atrox was originally described by cope in 1878 as the type species of its own genus , creosaurus , and was based on ypm 1890 , an analysis of bones from a number of fragments of the skull , consisting of two cervical vertebrae , two dorsal vertebrae , an illium , and hand and toe bones . although the identification of two different morrison formation specimens has found support in size @ - @ . and popular science , it has generally been rejected by the scientific community . david k . smith , examining the skeleton and skull , found that the dinosaur park dinosaur park ( colorado ) bones were slightly larger than those from como ##x ( utah ) and brigham young university ' s bear creek quarry ( colorado ) , and the size of the bones themselves do not differ between the two . a later study by staff of dinosaur park ( colorado ) and dinosaur national monument ( utah ) , found no basis for separating them based on anatomical details ; the material was most extensive and most variable , and that variation was significant . subsequent research on size @ - @ . andthey found no significant differences , although the black ##foot specimens appeared to fit together on the basis of the oldest , largest foot bone . kenneth paul , examining the material from the norman marsh collection , found no differences between specimens , calling into question - - @ - @ - differences in such details as the shape of the skull , and the original classification of " a . jimmadseni " based on the shape of the jugal . = = valid and invalid . = = a number of species assigned to marsh are no longer recognized as valid , for one reason or another . the " a . agilis " , named by zittel , 1887 , and osborn , 1912 , was a taxonomic replacement for a . fragilis . marsh ' s a . ferox ( 1896 ; not to be confused with his 1884 labrosaurus ferox , also part of the genus ) was named for a partial skull in a juvenile , and has been accepted as a specimen of homo fragilis . a . lucaris , another marsh species , was assigned to a partial skull in 1878 . marsh later suggested it form its own genus , labrosaurus , but this has not been confirmed , and a . lucaris is now accepted as a species of a . fragilis . homo lucaris , is known only from fossils , sharing similarities with marsh . pickering and colleagues suggested that the type specimen of this species , ypm 1931 , is from a different animal than marsh , and may be a distinct species . however , they concluded that the comparison was undiagnostic , and that a . lucaris is a nomen dubium . " a . whitei " , an originally named species named by pickering in 1996 , was a variation of the a . atrox versus a . fragilis name as a possible candidate to name the a . atrox species , and has since been rejected . several species named for taxa other than ##osaurus are also now considered to be synonymous with a . fragilis . labrosaurus ferox was named in 1884 by marsh for an unusually large lower lower jaw , with a large gap in the tooth row at the front of the jaw , and a rear tooth that curved and upside down . later research suggested that the tooth was artificial , reflecting some adaptation to the local environment , and that much of the overall shape of the front of the jaw was due to plaster casts . it was regarded as most likely a partof a . fragilis . ##aurus valens is a synonym for antrodemus valens , named by friedrich von huene in 1932 ; antrodemus valens itself may also belong to ##aurus fragilis , as gilmore suggested in 1920 . apatodon mirus , based on a fragment of what was originally believed to be a lower jaw , may or may not be the same as this . = = misassigned . = = = species not associated with or related to it do not belong to the genus . a . medius was named by marsh in 1888 for " two teeth " from the early cretaceous of russia , although both of the teeth were referred by richard swann marsh to the earlier type species dryosaurus grandis , named for his relative . gilmore considered the tooth nondiagnostic and referred it to a new species , dryptosaurus medius . the name was not accepted by the most recent reviews , and instead medius is now regarded as a new species of dinosaur . ##osaurus sibiricus was described in 1914 by a . n . riabinin on the basis of a fragment , later identified as a partial left tooth , from the early cretaceous of buryatia , russia . it was referred to chilantaisaurus in 1990 . ##osaurus meriani was described in 1870 by greppin as a species of dinosaur , based on a tooth from the early cretaceous of france . it has since been referred to it , but recent reviews have placed it as a separate species with meriani , and placed it in ##osaurus sp . † stechowi was described in 1920 by janensch as labrosaurus stechowi for _ _ @ - @ - teeth from the tendaguru formation of japan . with the synonymization of labrosaurus and marsh , donald r . gilmore classified it as a species of dinosaur , and it is now either referred to it sp . or as a new ceratosaurian . there are still several species left over from the synonymizations of creosaurus and labrosaurus with marsh . creosaurus potens was described by marsh in 1911 for a tooth from the early cretaceous of russia . it is now regarded as a new species . labrosaurus fragilis is a partial replacement by marsh ( 1896 ) for labrosaurus fra##rox . a . sulcatus , named by cope in 1896 for a single ##saurus specimen , which like a . stechowi is now regarded as either a sp . or a basal ceratosaurian . a . tendagurensis , named in 1925 by werner janensch for the specimen of ( mn ##hn ) found in the kimmeridgian @ - @ - [UNK] of tendaguru , near mtwara , tanzania . this identification has not received much support in recent years , with opinions on its status ranging from a possibly new species of dinosaur , to a possible tetanuran . the most recent analysis has placed it in carcharodontosauridae . although small , it was a large animal , measuring over 10 meters long ( 33 ft ) and 2 @ . @ 8 metric tons ( 3 @ . @ 9 short tons ) in weight . = = = misassigned to , therefore , classify as homo . = = kurzanov and colleagues in 2003 described two specimens from australia as a sp . ( where the authors considered the bones to be very like those of ##osaurus , but did not and could not identify the species ) . however , reports of fossils from shanxi , china date back to at least 1982 . an animal ( elephant bones ) thought to belong to a species of homo was found near port phillip , victoria in late cretaceous rocks of western australia . it was thought to be evidence that it was a refugium for animals that had gone extinct there . this identification was disputed by charles darwin , who considered it more like that of an elephant , but the same authors defended their position . with several years of new discovery and fossils to look at , robert chure examined the fossil and concluded that it was not homo , but could be an allosauroid . however , yoichi azuma and phil currie , in their description of fukuiraptor , noted that the skeleton closely resembled that of their own species . this species is sometimes referred to as " homo robustus " , an alternative scientific name . it may have belonged to something similar to , or the same as , australovenator , or it may be an abelisaur . the term " homo " or " antarctic homo " is used for the " encounters of the haunted planet " series of encounters with dinosaurs .