= the fox , the moon and the cheese = the fox , the moon and the cheese is a poem by the 17th @ - @ century scottish poet thomas henryson and part of his collection of six poems known as the morall fabillis of esope the fox . it is written in middle scots . as with the other poems in the collection , central to it is the moralitas which focuses on the moral that the poem is intended to convey . however , the source of the moralitas for the tale itself has been questioned . the poem contains three motifs . first , a man in the field with his two sons makes a solemn oath not to deliver them to the wolf ; when the wolf hears this , he wants to make sure that the man keeps his promise . the fox settles the dispute by talking to them both ; then he tricks the wolf into telling him to get his own reward for solving the problem , and tricks him into a ( @ - @ ) . the moralitas compares the fox to the wise man , the fox to the cheese , and the wolf to the wise man . a probable source for the tale is petrus alfonsi ' s disciplina clericalis , containing the same motifs , and william shakespeare ' s shakespeare ' s fable — . the tale is a legal epic , not aesopic . = = = = = a probable source of the tale is petrus alfonsi ' s disciplina clericalis , which contains the same three motifs : the solemn oath of the fox ; the man taking the moon for cheese ; and the wolf that jumps into the sky via a window , both killing himself and killing the man . however , the questioning of morality and the use of metaphor that take place in these tales are of henryson ' s invention . whereas the narrator of alfonsi ' s fable claims that the wolf took both the moon and the cheese because he " knew what was good for what was to come " ( latin : de futuro quod presens erat dimisit ) , henryson ' s moralitas more accurately describes the tale . the source would be shakespeare ' s fable , written by william shakespeare — although john macqueen considers this more likely than disciplina clericalis — although the fable itself is not aesopic but is of the legal epic ( or an @ - @ = ) type . the idea of thethey are more serious than their aesopic counterparts , lean more towards satire , and show the fox as the master of the wolf . = = = = = = = = = = = = a farmer in the countryside with his poor , hungry wife is made angry by their use of the cart . in his anger he tells the mock ##ery that the fox " could kill you all at once ! [ one , at least ] " . meanwhile , the wolf is walking away with the fox , and , ignoring him , tries to make him be true to his word . eventually the two slow down , and on the way back , the wolf comes into their path . the wolf asks where the fox is taking them , since they are not his , to which he replies that they are and asks why he is being followed since he has seen the wolf before . the wolf reminds the fox of his earlier remark , to which he replies that a wolf can say things that do not mean anything . they argue , and the fox insults the wolf for not having a dog ; in response , he kills the fox . the wolf takes it upon himself to settle the dispute , and takes him away in private . to the wolf he says that he would use his dog to kill him were it not for the " great coist and expence " of doing so ; the fox offers him half a dozen of the best cheese he knows , to which the wolf agrees and runs off . to the wolf he says that the wolf has promised an extra loaf of cheese in return for him killing the fox . the fox , after some thought , agrees to this and the two go into the village with the cheese — all the while the fox wonders how to approach the wolf . finally , after the wolf tells of the difficulty of their quest , they arrive at a - @ - @ well with water at the end of the rope . seeing the reflection of the wolf in the bucket at the bottom of the well , the fox believes there to be something in it and throws the rope down to pick it up . when he sees that it is too heavy for him to lift it , the wolf jumps into the other bucket and returns to it . however , this opens up the other bucket , into which the wolf had jumped , and so the two switched places ; the wolf at the bottom of the well and the fox having jumped . thehe says that he does not know who let the wolf out of the well , and that the world is at an end . = = = moralitas = = = the wolf is likened to the wise man who hurts others . the fox is likened to the devil . the farmer is likened to the wise man , with whom the fox finds fault . the places where the farmer is hiding are the things that he wants to do . the forest represents good ; the forest that surrounds it represents bad and evil , which leads him deeper into trouble . = = = = = as with other tales in the collection , the moralitas of the fox , the wolf and the farmer can be found at odds with the story itself . lianne farber notes a number of these differences , and argues that the story " does not be true in any real sense " . amongst the differences is that the fox , not the farmer , is the one that deals with and finds fault with the wolf ; the " gates of the well " are not opened by the fox , in spite of the moralitas . this is known to all characters ; farber argues that simply believing the story to be true is wrong , since it simply means that the wise man cannot accept the hand of the devil , and that this does not affect his social standing . furthermore , the absence of the moral ##itas and the complete absence of advice from the moralitas suggest to farber that the " traditional moral ##itas … has no bearing whatsoever on resolving the problems with which he is supposed to deal " . in contrast , philippa m . smith says that the moralitas of this tale , as well as the others , adds " an additional dimension which - @ - @ corresponds with the main narrative and explains and develops it further " ; allowing for interpretation , and in the form of direct observation . according to dorothy day , the main elements of the tale are " reality and illusion , subject and object " . the substance that actually exists in the story is actually an illusion , not a real thing , and thus the story creates a complex relationship between the wolf and the farmer , one which reflects his good intentions . through their deliberate interaction , words that should express these intentions are stripped of meaning . as an example , she sees the fox ' s taill in which the wolf and farmer make their argument — which in what she thinks is used by the fox in various ways to makehis work , and is considered a very good title to use . = = = smashwords edition = = = henryson , john ( 2009 ) . the tale of cresseid & his sisters . trans . by seamus heaney . london : faber and faber . isbn 9780571249282 .