= = laws in christian theology = the ten laws are a set of theological and moral principles that are used as a theological basis in many of the abrahamic religions , including christianity . as described in the old testament books exodus and genesis , the laws are part of the gift given by god to the people to free them from the eternal cycle of sin . according to the constitution of the catholic church — the official statement of the catholic church ' s fundamental doctrine — the laws are considered necessary for human good works and happiness , and serve as the basis for catholic theological teaching . a reading of the laws is one of the most important forms of profession of faith required of catholics before receiving the sacrament of baptism . the laws appear in the early christian writings ; the church states that they have " had a central place " in teaching the faith since the time of augustine of canterbury ( ad 354 – 430 ) . the church had no formal basis for religious teaching until the first ecumenical council in 1215 ; many of the laws were used for religious teaching in the early church and in the middle ages , but with mixed results . the lack of interest in them among catholic theologians was the basis of many of the criticisms leveled against the laws by protestant theologians . however , the _ _ @ - @ _ book of 1566 contained " extensive discussion of each law " , but gave little attention to the ten sacraments . the most recent edition devoted a large section to discussing some of the laws . the understanding of the laws is largely based on the old and new testament and the writings of the early church fathers . in the old testament , jesus acknowledged their existence and encouraged his disciples to go further , seeking greater knowledge beyond that of the apostles and prophets . divided by scripture into five " great laws " that teach love of god and love of others , they guide people in their relationships with god . the first five laws teach respect for god ' s word , celebration of the lord ' s supper and prohibiting the worship of the gods . the others deal with the relationship between people , such as that between parent and child ; they include laws against adultery , stealing , adultery , adultery and murder . = = = = = the new testament refers to ten great laws , even though there are more than ten such laws in the two canonical gospels : matthew 1 : 16 – [UNK] and romans 2 :§ – ) . the new testament does not make clear how the three should be combined to arrive at the laws . the numbering system used by the anglican and catholic churches was first developed by the early christian theologian augustine of canterbury ( 354 – 430 ) in his latin commentary on genesis . other christian denominations , such as the eastern orthodox and some lutheran churches , follow the division developed by the church fathers . the two systems have a different purpose , but share the the same meaning despite some arguments to the contrary . church numbering differs from jewish numbering in that it considers what some christians call the torah to be the jewish first law . = = = = = the ten laws are used as a religious order in judaism , christianity , and islam . they first appear in the book of exodus , according to which moses , acting under the command of god , freed the jews from their slavery in egypt . according to jewish tradition , god gave a gift — which included the ten , — to help free them from the " spiritual burden " of slavery . some christians have described this as " the greatest event in the history of ancient israel " . the birth of jesus is seen by the catholic church as the fulfillment of the destiny of the jews , who were destined , according to paul kreeft , to " bring the one god to the world " . jesus accepted the gift and encouraged his followers to go further , seeking , in kreeft ' s words , " more , not less : an ' order ( which ) is that of the apostles and prophets ' " . regarding church numbering , kreeft writes , " the laws are to the religious order what the creation story of genesis itself is to the religious order . they are god ' s ideas about man . they are not man ' s ideas about god , but god ' s ideas about man . " the church teaches that god freed jews from both " the old covenant law ( torah and mosaic law ) with its 613 fixed articles [ and ] also from the obligation to obey the ten laws " , because the laws " were written ' with the grace of god ' , like [ those ] written by moses " . this teaching was affirmed at the council of trent ( 1545 – 1563 ) and at the second vatican council ( 1962 – 1965 ) . although it is unclear what role the ten laws played in early christian christianity , tradition suggests they are recited during the ceremonies and prayers in the liturgy . for example , the ten are recitedand one of the earliest christian texts , known as the acts of the twelve apostles or the didache . scholars argue that the teachings were " regarded by the early church as " part of god ' s plan . the german theologian klaus bockmuehl argues that the church replaced the teachings with descriptions of sins and sins , such as the seven deadly sins , from ca – 1200 . some scholars contend that throughout christian history the teachings have been interpreted as an expression of faith and that many authors have written about them . while evidence exists that the teachings were part of education in monasteries and other institutions , there was no official church policy to provide such forms of religious instruction during the middle ages . the first ecumenical council ( 1215 ) was the first attempt to resolve this situation . " evidence suggests that the bishops ' efforts to implement the council ' s decisions placed great emphasis on teaching the teachings in their own language . " later , the lack of interest in them by catholic clergy formed the basis of many of the criticisms leveled against the teachings by protestant theologians . works written by catholic theologians from the early @ - @ 16th century criticized the teachings and laid the foundation for the first ever @ @ - @ christian text , the 1566 heidelberg confession . inspired by the council of trent , it included " detailed explanations of each gospel " but gave little emphasis to the mortal sins to support the catholic position that human salvation was dependent upon the salvation thus achieved through the consecrated life practiced by the catholic church . this view contrasted with protestant theology , which saw the scriptures as the source of divine grace . while more recent catholic theologians offer examples of church teachings on the scriptures , throughout history , church teachings on the scriptures were based on their inclusion in the old and new testament and the writings of the early church fathers jerome , jerome and augustine . indeed , both thomas more and bonaventure wrote extensive commentaries on the scriptures . augustine , a theologian of the bible , considered them to be the " fundamental principles of faith and morality " , and his theology gave particular attention to them as " plainly stated truths . " the most recent document of the catholic church — the 2006 statement of catholic doctrine — devoted a large part to the scriptures , which serve as the basis for catholic theological teaching . according to the statement , the church has given them a central role in teaching the bible since thefirst rule . kreeft states that the church sees them as " the means of salvation " , and a " path to peace " , and the wire ##line protects children from " @ @ - @ - danger " . = = first rule = = the first rule , according to catholic doctrine , " states that [ one ] must know and love god , because god is love . " the church states that this includes sin , and examples of evil practices such as the worship of a god , and of " ' . . . . power , money , wealth , power , the world [ and ] death ' " . they interpret this rule as " know god and then do what you will " . echoing this interpretation , kreeft states that if one " serves a divine commander , not just one : the divine , the human or the spirit " , if god really is love , one must do what god wills . the church associates this rule with the three cardinal virtues . the first virtue , faith , warns followers to believe in god and avoid violence , heresy , and evil . the second virtue , charity , warns them against sin and despair . according to the church , the third virtue , love , can be practiced only if they refrain from anger and anger toward god , and avoid physical abuse and the fear of god or from god . the church prohibits all violations of this virtue , including heresy , violence , magic , witchcraft , and certain forms of magic and magic . it also prohibits magic , mind reading , and even prophecy and prophecy . the church attributes the latter violation to a " desire for power , money , time , and in the first instance , of human beings as well as a desire to control these beings " . = = = sacred images = = = although catholics are often accused of using idols , in violation of the first rule , the church believes this is a sin . in the church ' s view , " the attention paid to sacred images is a ' special attention ' , not the attention paid to god . " . in the 19th century , a debate arose over whether sacred images ( in this case icons ) were protected by the first rule . the debate was not entirely confined to the catholic church ; the church continued to use icons , but theiconodules encouraged their worship , a view also held by the orthodox church . at the first council of constantinople in 787 , the ecumenical patriarch declared that the creation of icons and images was not a violation of the creed and that " whoever creates an icon is the person depicted in it . " also around the time of the controversy over icons , the catholic church began to encourage monumental sculpture , which during the medieval period became a major part of medieval christian art , that has become part of the christian liturgy , in contrast to orthodox christianity , which discouraged monumental religious sculpture . the talmud , using many similar arguments , states that god granted permission for images that represent his divinity , creating images such as the sea lion , and the cross and the ark of the covenant . it states that " by loving god , the son of man created a new law of creation " . the united states conference of catholic bishops ( usccb ) includes the law in their book , united states theology for christians , published in 2006 . regarding sacred images , they state that this law reflects beliefs that in ancient times expressed itself in the worship of such things as the " sun , moon , stars , planets , birds , horses , and lions " as well as " gods and kings " . they state that today , christianity expresses itself in the worship of such things , and describes them as " art , science , wisdom and power . " = = second law = = the second law prohibits the use of god ' s name in worship . many early christians believed that names were sacred ; they placed restrictions on when a person ' s name could be used . the gospel of john records an incident where a group of jews attempted to kill jesus because he used a different name of god to refer to himself . they regarded his actions as a form of heresy . since they did not believe that jesus was god , they condemned this heresy , which under mosaic law meant the death penalty . kreeft states that all of the names by which god is known are sacred , and that all of those names are protected by the mosaic law . the law states , " respect for his name is an expression of the respect due to the name of god himself and to the entire human race he created . " the law also requires respect for the names of others instead of respect for the name of that person. the meaning of this prayer is also explained in the lord ' s prayer , which reads , " our god who art in heaven , blessed be thy name " . according to pope benedict xvi , when jesus revealed his divinity to man and made a covenant with him ; he states that the covenant was the result of a process that " had begun with the revelation of the divine name . " benedict states that this way the divine name could be revealed and that jesus ' prayer of " blessed be thy name " was a call for the revelation of god ' s name , to " reveal the sacred ##ness of his name to mankind , and to preserve his divine name as opposed to our ignorance of it " . according to catholic doctrine , this law does not prohibit the use of god ' s name when making religious vows made by divine authority . however , swearing under oath , using god ' s name for religious purposes , and using gestures of defiance or defiance against god are considered acts of god . = = 1st century = = quoting the german rabbi and scholar joseph neusner , pope benedict xvi stated that to jews , keeping this sabbath was more than religious ; it was a way to honor jesus , who lived on the seventh day of the week . it also formed the basis of the jewish sabbath . although a few protestant churches follow the jewish practice of keeping the sabbath on saturday , catholics , along with the orthodox , observe it as a holy day , which they call the " lord ' s day " . this practice dates to the first century , stemming from their belief that jesus returned from the dead on the seventh day of the week . the didache calls on christians to gather together on the lord ' s day to eat together and give thanksgiving . jesus was the first to teach the following : " we , therefore ( just as god has taught us ) , on the day of the lord ' s day ought to guard not only against prayer , but against bowing and gesture of prayer , and against our bowing when we give our thanks to the lord " ( " ad orat . " , iii ; cf . " # ##v . " , iii , iii ; " apolog . " , iv ) . in the first century , caesarius of alexandria taught that the former sabbath of the jewish people had been changed to saturday and that christians should keep it in the same way that the jews were supposed to keep the. . the council of jerusalem in 538 reversed this decision , to apply the provisions of the jewish covenant to the celebration of the christian mass , as judaism and christian @ - @ did . the church fathers of later centuries incorporated the law into their christian liturgy , and many churches have continued to follow the mosaic law throughout history . for example , jesus ' statement that " the world was made for god , not made for the devil " meant that good works " when the works of others require them " should be part of the day of rest . the bible provides guidelines for how to celebrate the lord ' s supper , which includes attending mass on sundays and other days of obligation . on these days , one may not say or do things that " praise the works offered to god " , but " praise of the works of god , and a prayer with a lot of prayer " are required . according to the usccb , this law " has become important for christians " says one of the church fathers . the church uses the papal bull quo domini : because the faithful are forbidden to attend mass unless there is a real need , they have the same duty to give everyone the same means of meeting the need . . . . as more than a need , the mass should be seen as a necessity arising from the depths of human nature . it is also important that all the faithful should be aware that they cannot abandon their faith and participate fully in the life of the christian church unless they take part fully in the daily church service . = = first century = = = benedict xvi notes that joseph neusner " ... sees this law as laying the foundations of the social order " . he addresses these differences , making clear the distinction between family life and social order , and saying that the family is " both created and created by god . " because parents ' personal love for their children is god ' s love , and because they have a duty to pass the love on to their children , the bible calls the family " a family unit " , " a family , " and the " only source of social order " . the bible says this also includes sacrifices of life to god that include : love toward god that also extends to brothers and sisters . love , as expressed in a verse from genesis : " remember that from your father you were born ; what will you give ?to them that is their duty to you ? " duty to them for as long as the child is at home " when it is for his health and the good of the family " , or when it would require the child to do something very important . " that requires the children to provide spiritual and moral support for their deceased parents , except in cases of " illness , injury , or death " . " this promise , according to the document , also includes responsibilities of parents to children which include : " spiritual support , spiritual development and evangelization " of their children . caring for their children as children of god and other people . to care for children and being careful not to harm them . " not having to follow a religious leader or teacher " , which does not prevent parents from giving " good advice " . " setting a good example " to their children . " reporting their own actions " to their parents to guide and protect them . = = = jesus ' words = = = the gospel of luke states that when " his sisters and brothers were asked to see him , jesus said , " who is my mother and who are my brothers ? " with his hand over his heart he said , " who are my sisters and my brothers ! for whoever does the work of my father in heaven is my father , and my brother , and myself . " pope benedict xvi states that this gospel of jesus takes the fourth law to a new and new level . by doing god ' s work , a person can become part of the true church of christ . furthermore , the fourth law ' s responsibilities extend to the civil law and to respect for " all civil rights " . the document defines " protection of property and citizens " , which kreeft defines as : " protection and respect " to " those who for our time have no protection in heaven from evil " . " abolition of discrimination , including the right to protect and exercise one ' s rights " . " an obligation to be honest and responsible " , which requires citizens to avoid that which hurts their country and the people . " a duty to obey " all laws and regulations that are contrary to the natural law . " to respect religion " , which is a " necessity for the working class and people " ; it is the " highest moral duty " and requires citizens to respect god and religion . " to help the poor " who is in need of shelter and food that cannot be found in his own country . "" desire for rich nations to help poor nations " , especially in cases of " urgent need " . " an urge for families to help other families " . = = fifth law = = this law requires respect for human life and is more commonly translated as " thou shalt not kill . " however , murder may , under certain circumstances , be permitted in practice . it defines this to include religious discrimination , torture and violence , and to allow catholics to kill their enemies . the core of most catholic beliefs in the fifth law is the quality of life principle , which kreeft says is closely related to the end of life principle , a principle which he describes as articulated in his book , die freigabe zur vernichtung des lebensunwerten lebens ( the way to improve the quality of life ) ( see life quality of life ) and which he says was the " way to gain social acceptance . . . for jewish physicians , world war ii — the basis and basis of jewish medical practice . " this interpretation is used in many religious texts that describe the dangers posed by these religious views to those who cannot make life or death decisions . some bioethicists see the use of the " christian interpretation " as wrong when applied to end of life decisions ; robert caplan calls this interpretation " fundamentally wrong " . the church is actively involved in the political debate about abortion , capital punishment and torture , and encourages catholics to support candidates and candidates it lists as = @ - @ candidates . = = = = = = = the church states : " human life is sacred because from the beginning it is the very will of god and it is always in a special relationship with the creator , who is the ultimate creator . . . . no one can in any way claim for himself the right not to kill an innocent human being . " intentional and deliberate murder of an innocent person is not a mortal sin . considered by the church to be of an even greater importance than the murder of family members , including " murder , kidnapping , rape , the murder of a child and an abortion . " the church teaches that the child " must be born from birth of a human " . the hebrew equivalent of this is tamquam , meaning " as " or " not as " . " although the church has not determined exactly when human life actually begins , it has determined the importance of teaching that human life is born fromthe act of conception and delivery " ; and for life at all times , even if illegal , even in the absence of legal proceedings . abortion has been routinely and explicitly forbidden by the church since the 16th century . " formal cooperation " in abortion carries the penalty of death " for the serious nature of the crime " ( cf . latae sententiae , " has [ been , i . e . , ] committed " ) . the church states that this sentence is not meant to be harsh , but that it makes clear the nature of the crime and the actual harm caused to the child , the mother and themselves . " formal cooperation " in abortion applies not only to the woman who voluntarily participates , but also to the doctors , nurses and anyone who voluntarily participates in the procedure . the church recognizes sisters of healing , such as sister ##hood , for those who " approve of their practice of formal cooperation in abortion . " catholic law allows for medical procedures and treatments designed to improve or restore the mother ' s health if she would be in great danger without them , or when such procedures pose a risk of death to the mother . examples include the use of a fallopian tube in the case of an unwanted pregnancy , removal of a live human embryo , or an abortion . = = = = use of sperm for research or experimentation = = = = the united states code for abortion devoted a chapter to in vitro research , or @ - @ = research and abortion in its version of the fifth law , because these procedures involve the removal of human embryo , considered to be a particularly dangerous form of abortion . such stem cell research is considered " an evil means to a human life " and " morally unacceptable . " in the congregation for the doctrine of the faith ' s declaration on respect for human life for its sake and for the purpose of life , the catholic bishops state : " no thing , even a good in itself , regarded as a great benefit to god , to all human beings , or to god , can in any sense justify experimentation on any human organs or tissues , whether pregnant or not , whether inside or outside the mother ' s body . " the bishops state that " stem cell research , or research created with informed consent , is a legitimate form of research that is morally acceptable . = = = abortion , " = = = the fifth law##ment . # and the intentional killing of those who are suffering , or to relieve suffering . the ordinary care of those facing an early death may not necessarily be acceptable , according to the law . " ordinary care " refers to food , clothing and medical care , and does not include " critical care " , which refers to the use of medical and health systems that are not available . allowing a mentally ill person to die , taking drugs that may save their life , and giving medical care to the mentally ill such as chemotherapy and radiation , are not necessarily acceptable and are in violation of the first amendment , in accordance with the doctrine of cumulative effect . = = = capital punishment = = = for the first two hundred years , christians " refused to work in the field , in the @ - @ field , or in the penal system " , and there was no official church position on the death penalty . when the church was first officially recognized as a religious authority in 313 , its attitude toward capital punishment was one of acceptance and one of condemnation . the death penalty received support from many christian theologians , and some of them such as saint augustine urged members of the church not to advocate or carry out capital punishment . saint augustine raised questions to capital punishment issues in the first council of the kingdom of god . thomas more and duns scotus argued that the power to carry out capital punishment is guided by god . pope paul vi urged bishop waldo and the waldensians to believe that " the government can , without committing sin , make use of sin , and that it deals with justice , with that of hatred , with mercy , with mercy " as a condition for communion with the church . michael suris argues that the church may have neither explicitly condemned nor endorsed capital punishment , but acceptance of it has continued through the centuries . the gospels are the most famous example of christian support for capital punishment , although some christians considered these more important than the existing laws of the time . the constitution of the catholic church states that the death penalty is permissible in cases of extreme crimes . it is allowed if the " guilty party ' s rights and dignity have been firmly established " and if the death penalty is the only way to protect others against the guilty party . however , if there are other means available to protect others from the " death penalty " , these are allowed because they are considered to be " worthy of the life of the victimand in accordance with the moral sense . because most societies have no mechanism for committing crimes without punishment , the church states , " the cases in which death of the condemned is an actual crime ' are ' rare , if not rare . ' " pope john paul ii acknowledged and explained this in evangelium vitae , published in 1995 . = = = intellectual property , dead bodies , etc = = = according to catholic teaching , respect for human life includes respect for one ' s own life , including criminal activity , the consumption of food , drink , tobacco , illegal drugs , tattoos and alcohol . the church also warns against the criminal ##ization of " a problem with the health and welfare of the body that ' damages ' its beauty , strength , and ability in life . " violence , hatred , and murder are prohibited , as well as torture , torture , but that are not for legitimate moral reasons . according to the church , we have a moral obligation to strive to provide better living conditions for all people . the belief in the resurrection of the dead refers to a law against murder that was pastorally adopted by the second vatican council in the 1960s under certain circumstances , but those conditions have been largely ignored since by the church . according to the church , resurrection of the dead is a sacred work of art that should treat the deceased with respect and care ( e . g . disposal of the body , burial in an unmarked grave , etc . are prohibited by the catholic church ) . organ donation after death and organ donation under certain circumstances , including both for religious and moral reasons are prohibited . = = = murder and self @ - @ defense = = = in the sermon on the mount , jesus gives the injunction , " you shall not kill " and " adds to it the prohibition against violence , hatred and torture . " specifically , jesus encourages his disciples to protect their bodies . the church states that " it is legitimate to rely on justice for one ' s own right to live . " kreeft states , " self @ - @ defense is legitimate for the same reason it is legitimate : because one ' s own life is a gift from god , a gift we are responsible for protecting and protecting . " the church states that " one who gives his life is not guilty of murder except if he is willing to give his enemy a mortal blow . " the enemy can " be killedthis duty is a moral obligation for one who is responsible for the welfare of others . the pursuit of the common good requires that the evil person be rendered powerless to do harm . for this reason , those who still hold power also have the right to use force to stop attacks against the civil society or to their government . the church requires people to act and pray to prevent future wars , but not for a war if certain conditions are met : the reasons for going to war are clear . " the damage done by the enemy . . . must be grave , permanent , and permanent . " war is a last resort , even if all other means of putting an end to the " grave damage " have been exhausted . the general result is good and there is a great risk of harm . but certain evils are produced that require the enemy to be stopped . this includes the use of force to destroy entire cities and deal with their inhabitants . care and protection are required for all @ - @ people , including criminals and terrorists . they are required to obey orders to commit crimes and ones that violate moral principles . = = = = = = = the church includes homosexuality in the first article and defines it as " any act or behavior which causes them to do so " . in the gospel of john , jesus says , " whoever causes one of these young men who believes in god to suffer , it would be better for him to have a great cross hung around his neck and to be drowned in the depth of the sea . " the church considers it a grave sin to cause one ' s character , faith and morals to be damaged , even if it is done to other people and the victim is a person of value such as a parent , teacher or friend . = = canon law = = according to the church , christians are human beings whose sexual acts should be performed in the union of body and soul . the sexes are created by divine law to be equal and compatible , both having equal rights and obligations in the name of god . sexual acts are understood in the context of the human relationship that is the " total and complete true love of a man and a woman . " sexual acts may involve not only the body but the person ' s whole being . in his 1995 book , the age of love , john paul ii elaborated on this topic : above all , the people are always searching for the meaning of love . they want their love to be real .if they give in to temptation , following the rules of weakness that can only be considered a ' weakness in the modern world ' ( and these are , indeed , widely accepted today ) , in the depths of their hearts they will find a true and lasting love . this is as common of boys as it is of girls . however , they believe that only god can give them this love . as a result , they are encouraged to love themselves , without worrying about the consequences this will bring . like in judaism and islam , the catholic church considers all sexual acts outside of marriage to be mortal sins . the nature of the sin " ' prevents one from receiving love ' until learned of and confirmed in later life . " = = = references to sex = = = catholic teaching of the sixth law includes extensive discussion of sex . the church regards sex as a " divine gift . . . a gift from god , a gift , a sign of spiritual progress . " the church regards sex as more than a sexual act ; it also affects heart and soul , and the church teaches that sex is a virtue that people are encouraged to acquire . it is defined as the inner development of a person ' s " moral and spiritual character " that fully identifies a person ' s body with his or her " true spiritual character . " to acquire this virtue , they are encouraged to enter into the " hard and deep path " of self @ - @ mastery that is guided by god , god ' s love , mercy and mercy " that respects the moral and spiritual character of human beings . " the church divides violations of the sixth law into two categories : " offenses against marriage " and " offenses against the institution of marriage " . = = = = offenses against marriage = = = = the church considers the following " offenses against marriage " in descending order of importance : lust : the church teaches that sexual pleasure is granted and granted by god , and allows for humans to " have pleasure and enjoyment of body and soul " . kreeft states , " lust does not affect sexual pleasure as such , nor the enjoyment of it , nor the desire for it in its true form . " lust is the desire for sexual pleasure alone , in the proper context of creation and the union of man and woman , body and soul , in achieving self @ - @ mastery . lust is not desire for the same reason aslust , which is a step above love in that it is a physical act instead of a sexual act . adultery is the sexual union of an unmarried man and an unmarried woman . this is considered harmful to " the dignity of man and of the ##kind " because it is not beneficial to the " good of society " and the " welfare and happiness of man . " homosexuality ranks low because it is considered a part of the sexual act that is intended for sale to third parties for profit . prostitution is inherently harmful for both the prostitute and the prostitute ; it reduces the person to an object of sexual violence , destroying their reputation and hurting others . the danger of the act is greater for those who are forced into the relationship by force , violence or peer pressure . adultery is an inherently harmful act that can cause permanent damage to the person for life . furthermore , the " rape of children by parents or other responsible persons " or " those responsible for the care of the children entrusted to them " is considered the most harmful of all crimes . = = = = = = = = = the church devoted a whole chapter to homosexuality in a section of the same article . like all acts outside of marriage , homosexual acts are considered homosexual . the church distinguishes between heterosexual acts , which are not considered homosexual , and homosexual acts , which are . the church states that they " violate the law , cannot bring about happiness , and do not arise from a purely moral and ethical nature . under no circumstances can they be tolerated . " the church teaches that a homosexual act is " inherently harmful " and should be a fair punishment for the offense , which the church believes should be " treated with respect , compassion and kindness . . . any punishment in their favor should be avoided . " christians are , according to the church , " called to holiness " . they are called to practice the virtues of " - @ - @ mastery " that bring " true holiness " through the tools of faith , discipline and grace found in the teachings of the church . these virtues are meant to help christians " achieve and fully achieve true holiness " , which is the path to which all christians are drawn . ( some christian groups have different positions on dignity : dignityusa seeks to extend the church ' s position to include homosexual acts ; dignity ##usa is an organization of christians who " support each other in the collective effort to live in dignity and" obedience to god and his word " . ) = = = union of husband and wife = = = according to church teaching , the union is intended to be an eternal , eternal @ - @ - union : the union of husband and wife and the beginning of life . the unitive union is the division of a person ' s soul " so that they are no longer one and one together . " the institution of marriage is seen as god ' s giving the gift which binds the couple together . church teaching on the marital relationship includes the forgiveness of each person ' s sins and sins , and the belief that the " path to happiness in marriage " is one that involves a process of spiritual renewal and renewal that will continue through life . = = = = institution of marriage , sexual activity , and control = = = = the church teaching on sexual activity can be summarized thus : " sexual activity applies only to marriage as an act of love , @ - @ love and gratitude , and is essential to the possibility of eternal life . " sexual activities in marriage are considered " good and holy " and are intended to be associated with " love and gratitude . " love is to be applied to marriage : " by its very nature , love is the eternal union of the couple . this is the expression of the love of themselves which they give to each other . it is to be eternal ; it cannot be an object ' until such time . ' " the " " acts of love , including the mutual acceptance of the gift , and the maintenance of the relationship , require mutual obedience from the couple and constitute an eternal union between them . " ( gaudium et spes ) " . artificial birth control in marriage ; the catholic church has practiced these practices throughout its history . in response to the church of england banning the use of artificial birth in 1930 , the catholic church issued the papal bull casti connubii on 15 may 1930 . the 1968 papal bull humanae vitae is a condemnation of the catholic church ' s traditional practice of marriage and family love , and a general condemnation of artificial birth control . the church regards married love as a expression of god ' s love . " by its very nature the practice of marriage and family love is directed to the care and protection of the children and it is in them that love finds its greatest glory . " ( gaudium et spes ) they are the onlylove of children and giving equally to the happiness of the children themselves . ( . . . ) " the life and the whole course of the life which results from marriage , without diminishment of the good things of life , is designed to enable the child to live forever with the love of the lord and savior , and through them to sustain and improve his life from day to day . ( gaudium et spes ) . " it states that natural marriage often calls for the timing and timing of marriage and accepts natural family planning as socially acceptable , but rejects all methods of artificial conception . the church rejects all methods of artificial marriage and conception because the laws separate the sexual act from the birth of the child . the church states , " a marriage is not something due to god , but is a gift . . . ' the great gift of god . ' " some roman catholics and non @ - @ christians have focused criticism on the church ' s support for natural family planning , and that it leads to inequality and poverty . the church ' s promotion of condom use is also criticized , in particular with regard to countries where the spread of aids and hiv has reached epidemic proportions . in this criticism , they cite countries such as ethiopia and uganda , where more deaths are made because of condom use , and where more progress in fighting the disease has been made than in countries that allow condom use legally . = = = = offenses against the dignity of marriage = = = = according to the church , adultery and divorce are both offenses against the dignity of marriage and are defined as follows : adultery is the sexual union of a man and woman where at least one is married to someone else . it is for this reason that the church considers it a greater crime than divorce . kreeft states , " the man acts against his family , his wife , and his children as well as his own body and soul . " divorce : according to the new north american bible commentary , jesus says , " whoever marries his wife ( unless the divorce is legal ) causes her to commit adultery , and whoever marries a divorced woman commits adultery . " in his interpretation of this passage , kreeft states jesus considered divorce to be an event that had entered into christian tradition . the church believes that divorce was ordained by god and was meant to be permanent : without the birth of a child that cannot be " non @ - @ christian " , neither can the " living child " ofthe marriage act . the act states , " adultery is a serious offense against the family law . it is to violate the right , to which the parties have agreed , to live with each other until death . " by marrying again , the divorced person adds to the gravity of the crime . the divorced person is said to be in a state of " perpetual and eternal bond " . the text of the article 502 lists the offenses against the law of marriage : " adultery , adultery , unnatural relations ( adultery , rape ) , and sexual relations within and outside of marriage " . = = = = divorce , civil divorce , amendment = = = = according to the church , there are things that do not apply to divorce : in some cases , such as domestic violence , divorce is necessary . this is not considered a divorce and cannot be done . civil divorce is not a divorce according to the church . if divorce is held to be the only means of obtaining property rights , custody of children , and security of marriage , the church considers it not valid . divorce is not a divorce ; it is a declaration by the church that the marriage is not valid . the marriage is considered valid if it meets one of three general conditions : it should be " just " , " permanent " , " true " , or " true marriage " and of " husband and wife " . according to pope john paul ii ' s letter to the italian people of 15 may 1996 , couples do not have a right to a divorce , but do have the right to present their application for separation or divorce before " the highest legal authorities and to make a decision on the matter . " according to the catholic archdiocese of rome : . . . marriages that may be necessary to apply for an divorce include : marriage that has at the time of the marriage the right to divorce , or to a perpetual commitment , or to an eternal bond . in addition , there are sham marriages ; marriages of a short duration ; marriages marked by severe emotional , physical , or sexual abuse ; improper sexual relations ; serious and gross adultery and lack of consent ; insufficient consent to the marriage ; fraud or failure to obtain such consent ; serious mental illness ; and the voluntary dissolution of marriage . the determination of the divorce should be made after a consultation with the parish priest and bishop , and based upon the reasons that are available . = = = amendment = =the church believes that this law protects material property , and prohibits the taking , selling and keeping those that belong to someone else . it places responsibility upon those who own these goods to use them freely , taking into account the needs of others . the church addresses the issue of the control of one ' s will through its interpretation of the seventh rule and the law of property and the environment . = = = private property = = = according to the church , people have the right to own property . therefore , this makes that person " a person " who is able to make something " useful " or useful in a way that benefits others after that person has already taken care of their property . private property and the public good are seen as essential things that exist for the good of human life . the taking of one ' s private property " of necessity and necessary need " or " the only way to provide for immediate , immediate needs ( food , shelter , clothing ) " is also considered by the church to be theft . the concept of theft of private property is rejected by the church , which views it as the violation of a person ' s human dignity . = = = = = = = according to the church , taking and stealing is " taking another ' s property against the free will of the owner " where it allows for people in great danger to themselves . " the taking and keeping the property of others " counts as theft , even if the act is outside the scope of civil law . theologian christoph schonborn cites examples from the confessions of saint augustine , mentioned in his book , augustine stole fruit from augustine ' s garden when he was catholic . schonborn notes that augustine never felt " guilty of theft for a simple theft " even when he was a catholic , and that his character is not guilty of theft and the theft is not an offense against the law . other acts are also seen as violations of the seventh rule : financial means to raise money on the behalf of others , fraud , theft of the public good for private use , fraud being carried out , financial fraud , absence of money or other means of payment , any form of copyright infringement and infringement , and fraud . = = = criminal activity = = = the papal bull rerum novarum addressed the obligations and social obligations of property and capital , as well as public and private property . of particular importance was the need for the ameli##oration for " the misery and suffering inflicted so far upon the people of the working class " . the church supports the right to trade unions , democratic socialism , democracy and free trade , and promotes the right to private property . its interpretation of the first article is that business owners should combine a desire for profit that will ensure the success of the business with a commitment toward the " welfare of society " . business owners are required to pay their employees a living wage , protect employees , and refrain from corrupt practices , including bribery of government officials . they are required to do their jobs fairly , unless they have been paid to do them , and to commit crimes in the workplace , such as stealing office supplies for personal use without permission ( [UNK] ) . the church teaches that a balance should exist between government regulations and the use of the land . it teaches that " reliance on the state ( " capitalism ) " meets basic human needs , while sole reliance on government regulation ( " capitalism ) " destroys the order of social order " . the church is against the use of state capitalism and communism , as these systems seek to reach economic ends that result in harm to society . poor nations , especially poor countries , have a moral obligation to help other nations and peoples , and seek to use their institutions and economic systems to help them . = = = . = = the church teaches that making false statements and " telling a lie with the intention of lying " are all violations of law . these violations have degrees of severity depending on the " reputation of the person who lies and the harm suffered by the accused . " classified as crimes , these include : false ##hood and cloak : statements made out in public which serve society by protecting the innocent and protecting the guilty , and which may damage the reputation of the accused . false ##hood : saying , without supporting evidence , that a person committed a serious wrong . deception : the admission of one ' s guilt without a good reason . defamation : lying to protect a person ' s reputation and giving evidence to others to make false statements against them . deception : " lying to hurt others for our benefit . " lying , insulting , or insulting : lying which not only hurts oneself but insults others . the church encourages those who have damaged the reputation of others to " seek revenge for the lies they have told. " however , it does not require a priest to reveal the truth to someone who does not have a right to know , and requires consent for that person to know . priests are forbidden from wearing the veil of mary no matter how great the confession has an effect on them . included in the catholic interpretation of this law is the requirement for priests to bear witness to their sins " without consent " in cases that require it . the use of mass media in catholic christianity , by individuals , organizations and institutions , is prohibited . = = ninth . = = the ninth and tenth laws deal with adultery , which is an internal , not a external sin . the bible distinguishes between lust of the flesh ( for sexual acts ) and lust for one ' s material goods . the ninth law deals with the former and the tenth the latter . jesus emphasized the need for honest feelings as well as actions , and stated , " everyone who looks at a woman , has already committed adultery with her or his spouse " ( matthew 5 : 28 ) . the bible teaches that , with the help of god ' s grace , men and women are able to commit sexual and physical sins " for their acts with another man ' s spouse . " in doctrine of the faith , a series of books given by pope john paul ii , jesus ' statement in matthew 5 : 28 is stated that one cannot commit sins of the flesh not only with one ' s spouse , but also with his / her own spouse if one looks at him / her , and sees him / her " only as an excuse to an adultery " . purity of conscience is seen as the essential quality necessary to achieve this goal ; many catholic prayers and hymns include a prayer for this quality . the bible describes attributes of god that help a person achieve purity : love , which enables one to love others with pure and loving ##ness . purity of mind , which enables to follow god ' s will in everything , believing that love alone can lead to the true love of god . purity of mind , " external and internal " , allowing the thoughts and actions to satisfy those that are not . purity that allows the power of god to give a person the power to fulfill their desires . purity , of the thoughts as well as the actions , defined in terms of thoughts and actions . jesus said , " they have the purity of hearts , for they shall love you . " this purity of hearts , which thethis it says , is the " foundation of the kingdom of god " and encourages the believer to do things and live as he does . the catechism teaches that " there is a balance between states of mind , of body and of spirit . " = = tenth rule = = detachment from sin is the combination of the tenth rule and the fifth rule ( " we are the one in christ " ) because , according to the church , this detachment is necessary for coming into the kingdom of god . theft is encouraged by the tenth rule because it is considered to be the first step toward acts of theft , theft and violence ; these lead to sin and destruction . the church defines greed as a " bad attitude " that can take many forms : greed is the desire for too much of what one does not have . envy is the desire for what belongs to another . the us bishops define envy as " an attitude that fills one with joy at the loss of one ' s enemies . " regarding the use of this concept , kreeft quotes saint thomas more , who said , " an evil attitude can only be overcome by a truly good desire . " the us bishops teach that this can be achieved through love of faith , love and concern for one ' s own and others ' welfare , while remaining in god ' s kingdom . kreeft states that john paul the apostle used the term in his letter to the church when he defended his own life as a converted christian and said , " i see everything as good because of the great ##ness of jesus , christ my god . " and he said , " what shall it cost a man if he shall lose the whole world , and even his own soul ? " church teaching of the tenth rule is directed toward this negative attitude toward material goods , the " loss of worth " . = yamaha ns @ - @ 10 = the yamaha ns @ - @ 10 is a speaker that is a popular nearfield audio device in the recording industry among rock and roll recording studios . introduced in 1978 , the ns @ - @ 10 began life as a small speaker designed for the home market . it was poorly received but quickly became a standard device with which to make studio recordings . the speaker is a small ns @ - @ 10 , – - sized box . today , it is regarded as a device that easily produces high quality studio recordings . sound engineers attempted to improve the sound quality by addingpaper folds in front of it , resulting in what is known as the " folding paper effect " , a form of digital feedback . the ns @ - @ 10 has been used to make a large number of sound recordings by recording engineers , leading gizmodo to refer to it as " the most powerful speaker you have heard of " . yamaha released the system in 2001 . = = = = = = introduced as a modified yamaha @ - @ fi system , the ns @ - @ 10 was designed by akira nakamura and introduced in 1978 . it was priced at the $ 10 price point . the system was poorly received and its service life was limited . indeed , it took several years for its use to become popular with many people . although recording engineers continued to rely on the ns @ - @ 10 as a reference , it influenced the sound of pop and rock music around the world for at least 20 years . the ns @ - @ 10 replaced the auratone 5c sound system as the nearfield speaker of choice in the industry and was known for its ability to produce sound in stereo . it had first reached american ears during a recording engineer ' s trip to japan . the engineer , believed to have been greg ladanyi , recorded a recording session using the speakers in a japanese studio and brought the speaker back on his trip to the us . ladanyi then began testing the speaker in a los angeles studio . recording engineers saw the ns @ - @ 10 for the first time and were impressed by its sound . its popularity spread to new york where the ns @ - @ 10 was played at the radio station and other venues . early users of the ns @ - @ 10 among engineers included bob clearmountain , rhett butler , and david scheniman in the us , and nigel jopson in the uk . clearmountain , then a rising star in music production , is often credited for the invention of the ns @ - @ 10 ; phil collins , writing in sound on sound , wrote that clearmountain was probably not the first , but was probably the most influential recording engineer . it is a legend that clearmountain had bought it because it was the only thing he could afford . he was part of a new generation of american professional recording engineers and producers who would travel from studio to studio , with their own equipment that included speakers , and a copy of yamaha ns @ - @ 10 , as a guide . recording engineers throughout the world , especially those involved in rock and pop music , used the speaker asthe approx . model size of 10 @ , @ 000 units were sold around the world . gizmodo referred to it as " the most powerful speaker you have heard of " . yamaha stopped selling the speaker in 2001 , citing problems with the wood used for the speaker . even long after it was discontinued , the speaker continues to be sold in stores today . yamaha reported in 2008 that copies of the ns @ - @ 10 were still widely available on the japanese home market . = = model and manufacture = = the ns @ - @ 10 is an eight @ - @ or ten @ - @ type speaker with a 10 @ . @ . @ - @ . board , measuring 382 × 215 × 199 mm ( 4 @ . @ . × 10 @ . @ . × 10 @ . @ 8 in ) and weighing 6 kg ( 10 @ . @ 13 lb ) . the 10 @ . @ 5 kg ( 4 @ . @ 2 in ) the @ - @ board itself has a black background , with thin white plastic panels . the original version of the speaker is rack mounted , and can come made with any speaker . the speaker heads have a 35 mm plastic body and a 25 mm plastic @ - @ board body . the speaker ' s head , weighing 10 @ . @ 10 kg , is made from a single sheet of thin white plastic . however , it is formed into a unit not by bending under pressure , but by cutting and then joining the two halves together . against the black background of the board , the dual head / speaker speaker network is a unique and distinctive feature of the speaker . the speaker is a @ - @ type speaker , extending over to 20 khz . the frequency range is typically from 10 hz to 20 khz , and the power output is about – ##0 hz . the original version of the speaker had eight @ - @ - type display speakers ; later versions have electronic speakers . = = model . = = in technical terms , the ns @ - @ 10 has sound chains that allow sound engineers to argue that if the sound sounds good on these monitors , then it should sound good on the other monitors . whilst this may correct any error in the sound quality as well as the sound chain , it can lead to sound problems with its use in the studio environment . the ns @ - @ 10 does not have a particularly good dynamic range . the noise of the ns @ - @ 10 is particularly noticeable on the monitor##range , and unlike other closed @ - @ box speakers of its type the top end is used . it has a + 1 khz response in the midrange range of 10 khz , and the bottom end operates at up to 50 khz . the midrange range is so good that it reaches the frequencies that are the most pleasing and sound @ - @ sounding to the human ear . on a technical level for the recording industry , the sound is pleasing and not @ - @ sounding . gizmodo marketed the ns @ - @ 10 to sound effects that highlight the quality of sound , so that engineers would be able to either detect sound changes in the mix or to correct them . a 2001 study by newell et al . of southampton university , for pc magazine in 2001 found that the ns @ - @ 10 had good sound @ - @ - sounding at low frequencies – the ability to start and stop in response to sound changes was found to be superior to that of most other nearfield speakers . much of this was attributed to the closed @ - @ box design . the theory is that the relatively slow response time of the speaker at the low frequencies ensures that the two instruments ( bass and guitar ) are perfectly matched in the mix . = = product line = = there were two different versions of the ns @ - @ 10 , the best known of which were the " ns @ - @ 10m studio " and the " ns @ - @ 10m pro " , both released in 1987 . while similar to the " studio " , the " pro " is equipped with a different grille and is designed to be mounted in a higher position . the " pro " model appeared only six months after its initial release on the eve of the sale of the ns @ - @ 10 among others . the pro model , with everything but the grille and studio - style design , became the " ns @ - @ 10m pro " . it included a new grille and speaker to solve the problem of the grille , new control knob , and a new speaker that no longer required tuning . the pro version also featured battery power from – to – ##0 w . in excess of 1 @ , @ 000 thousands of " pro " models were sold around the world . included in the product line @ - @ 10 were ns @ - @ 10t , ns @ - @ 10m x , ns @ - @ 10mc , ns @ - @ 10mt . the ns @ - @ 10m pro had no " pro "with improved specifications and a new design . in the 1990s yamaha introduced the ns @ - @ 10mt , a new @ - @ 10 version of the 10m , with a new body and design . intended for home use , it has a range up to 50 db , an output of 10 db and a power output capability of 10 watts . a new version of non - directional speaker ns10mm was introduced in 1997 / 1998 . = = = = = the sound quality of the ns @ - @ 10 has many opinions , such as " love them or hate them " . some engineers find it useful , even though they do not actually enjoy listening to it ; others refuse to give it away in their work and would rather say that it is an excellent recording device . the work on the ns @ - @ 10 by many sound engineers became a popular success ; hundreds of studios equipped themselves with the @ - @ 10 to attract well paying clients , making the speaker an industry standard . = = tissue paper speaker = = clearmountain is said to have been one of the first sound engineers to hang tissue paper over the top of the ns @ - @ 10 to produce the ns @ - @ 10 sound . replacing the speakers with tissue paper was used to produce an @ - @ 10 sound when playing on a yamaha bass @ - @ fi . the phenomenon was the subject of much press . sound engineer peter hodas investigated the possible sound effects of tissue paper . he found similar results with tissue paper , and noted that tissue paper had created an interesting phenomenon known as comb filtering , where the higher frequencies are reflected back into the speakers instead of being reflected . hodas described the current technology as " white noise " , suggesting that listeners would prefer comb filtering and the associated sound effects . he also noted that more careful and less expensive comb filtering would be needed . newell et al . concluded that had the speakers ' filters been installed in studios , where they were not used , they would have had the same effect on the sound quality as the original tissue paper effect . = = = = = the speaker came to be relied on by sound engineers , who worked in recording studios and used what they were familiar with as a starting point . in the 1980s , engineers and producers travelled widely with the idea to record " [ ... ] a song you like from the 80s or 90s " – from anywhere in the u . s . a .( bruce springsteen ) , avalon ( roxy music ) let ' s dance ( david bowie ) , to boom boom town ( hall and decker ) . the ns @ - @ 10 , and the auratone - it , are two of the most common nearfield speakers used in the digital processing of audio signals . in 2008 , the ns @ - @ 10 was inducted into the electronics and tecnology hall of fame . perhaps for its importance , the speaker won a special grammy for yamaha in 2007 . in 2008 , the speaker was featured " in almost every magazine " . = = state route 61 = state route 61 ( sr @ - @ 61 ) = . . . @ . @ - @ - @ - @ - @ 7 ( 0 @ . @ 1 km ) state highway in the u . s . state of utah , connecting sr @ - @ 23 in cornish , cache county to u . s . route 91 ( us @ - @ 91 ) in richmond via broadway , in the extreme eastern part of the state . the highway has existed since at least 1914 , and sr @ - @ 23 since at least 1937 , and between 735 and 750 @ , @ 61 vehicles traveled on the highway on an average day in 2012 . = = sr 61 = = at the intersection of sr @ - @ 23 ( 4800 west ) and 13400 north in the town of cornish , sr @ - @ 61 turns east onto 13400 north - east , crossing over a single track belonging to the union pacific railroad ( up ) . in richmond , the highway crosses the bear river and continues east into rural cache county . just north of the northern city limits of richmond , the highway intersects sr @ - @ 200 ( 800 west ) , a main route to preston , utah . from the western terminus to sr @ - @ 200 , the highway is three to four feet ( 0 @ . @ 91 m ) wide , suitable for trucks , while the rest of the highway has much narrower lanes , usually less than or equal to six and 0 @ - @ 190 feet ( 0 @ . @ 58 m ) wide . the highway ' s routing changes from 13400 north to main street in richmond . at the union station , sr @ - @ 61 crosses over the bear river and a second single track connects to up , and then a third , single track , to the highway ' s eastern terminus at us @ - @ 91 south of richmond . all of the railroad lines that sr @ - @ 61 crossed originally belonged to the unionshort line railroad . aside from the portion in cornish , the highway is surrounded by farmland for its entire length through central idaho . each year , udot conducts a series of surveys along its highways in the state to measure traffic volume . this is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic ( aadt ) , a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . in 2012 , udot calculated that as many as 735 vehicles used the highway on an average day at its western terminus in cornish , and as many as 30 @ , @ 1 vehicles used the highway at its intersection with sr @ - @ 1 . # @ - @ 1 all of this was through traffic . = = = = = the road from cornish to the river has existed since at least 1914 . the bridge that served as the western terminus was designated sr @ - @ 1 in 1927 , and the highway itself was designated sr @ - @ 1 since at least 1937 . the 166 @ - @ foot @ - @ long ( 16 @ . @ 5 m ) bridge that carries sr @ - @ 1 over the bear river , was built in 1952 , and the 182 @ - @ foot @ - @ long ( 17 @ . @ 5 m ) bridge over the bear river was built in 1961 . the two bridge sites were located farther upstream than their current locations . = = major intersections = = the entire highway is in blaine county .