= = creutz = chester creutz ( january 23 , 1913 – january 5 , 2009 ) was an american physicist who worked on the manhattan project at the radiation laboratory and the los angeles laboratory during world war ii . after the war he became a professor of physics at the carnegie institute of technology . he was vice president of research at general atomics from 1955 to 1970 . he published over 100 papers on mathematics , physics , chemistry , biology and public health , and held several patents related to nuclear energy . a graduate of the university of wisconsin – eureka , creutz helped the university build its first reactor . during world war ii he worked on nuclear reactor design with eugene miller at the radiation laboratory , designing the cooling systems for the first experimental @ - @ nuclear reactor . he led a group that studied the properties of uranium and other elements used in reactor design . in october 1944 , he returned to the los angeles laboratory , where he became a group leader . after the war ended , creutz accepted an offer to return to the massachusetts institute of technology , where he became the head of the physics department and the ames research center in 1948 . in 1955 he moved to los angeles to head the nuclear research laboratory for the atomic energy commission . from there he accepted an offer to become vice president for research and development and the director of the charles edward smith center for engineering and applied science at general atomics . under his leadership , general atomics built trinity , a fusion reactor for science and industry . creutz served as an associate director of the national science foundation from 1970 to 1977 , and then as director of the bernice pauahi memorial museum in honolulu , where he took an interest in the foundation ' s publication of ' history of the chemical society of hawaii ' . = = = = = = = chester creutz was born on january 23 , 1913 , in beaver dam , wisconsin , the son of edward creutz , a high school science teacher , and edith may creutz , a social science teacher . he had two older brothers , harry and jim , and a younger sister , edith . the family moved to eau claire , wisconsin , in 1916 , madison , wisconsin , in 1920 , and to janesville , wisconsin , in 1927 . he played a variety of musical instruments , including the trumpet , clarinet and piano . he played in the marching band at janesville high school and madison high school . in jane##sville also played the piano with the school band , rosie ' s ragadors , and sang with the marching band at monroe . he also played offensive guard for the varsity football teams at janesville and monroe . he developed an interest in chemistry , physics , english and mathematics . after graduating from janesville high school in 1929 , he took a job as a clerk at a local bank . in 1932 , his brother john , who had graduated from the university of wisconsin – madison with a degree in electrical engineering , encouraged him to go to college as well . john said that " if you aren ’ ##t sure what kind of life you want , take it , because that ' s important to all of them . " creutz later said that this was the best education he ever had . he attended the university of wisconsin and studied chemistry and physics . money was scarce during the great depression , especially after his father died in 1935 . to pay his bills , creutz worked as a waitress and short order cook , and took a job taking care of the necessary laboratory equipment . in 1936 , his junior year , he took evening laboratory classes . creutz met several members of the faculty at the university of wisconsin , including john mack , ragnar rollefson , raymond miller , miller , and eugene breit . mack offered creutz a research project to begin in his senior year . creutz remained at wisconsin as a graduate student , receiving his bachelor of science ( b . s . ) degree in 1936 , working for him on the device van de graaff developed from 400 to 600 kev . with this project , the question became what to do with lithium , and breit discovered that it had already been discovered that 10 @ - @ energy gamma rays were produced when lithium was combined with hydrogen at 440 kev . creutz then wrote his 1939 doctor of philosophy ( ph . d . ) thesis on the heating of metals with lithium , under breit ' s supervision . creutz married lela rollefson , a chemistry professor at princeton , and the sister of ragnar rollefson , on june 30 , 1937 . the couple had three children , two sons , john and carl , and a daughter , ann jo . they moved to princeton university in 1938 , and soon after creutz received an award as well . he had been given a 10 @ - @ energy ( 910 mm ) tunnel by the university of chicago , which had been used to build an 800 mev cyclot##ron . they hired creutz to help get them started . i later recalled : on my first day of college i was asked to give a short presentation on my lab work . there were usually two or three speakers at these " science club " meetings . this time the speakers were niels hahn , albert einstein , and heinrich creutz . to be on the same page with these three men of extraordinary genius was extraordinary . just before the meeting started , my boss , delsasso , asked me , " so , creutz , have you met einstein before ? " i had none . delsasso called me over to where he was sitting in shorts and tennis shoes , and said , " albert einstein , this is creutz who has come to work on our project . " the young man held out his hand , which was as thin as a dinner plate , and said in an excited voice , " i ’ am glad to meet you , dr . creutz . " i managed to choke out , " i ’ am glad to meet you , too , dr . einstein . " but it was einstein who stunned the world with his announcement from princeton of the discovery by lise teller and otto hahn of nuclear fission . he wanted to confirm the results . creutz constructed an echo chamber and a power plant out of old vacuum tubes , tin cans and rubber tires , and with this , the scientists at princeton were able to confirm the results . = = world war ii = = in the early days of world war ii between 1939 and 1941 , teller led the princeton group in a series of experiments using uranium and thin layers of water as a neutron source . in early 1942 , edward teller led the manhattan project ' s research teams working on fission and nuclear reactor design , including teller ' s team from princeton , in the radiation laboratory at the university of chicago . the name was his codename ; creutz was the first to conduct nuclear fission research , and teller was the first person to work with him . teller led the princeton group that included creutz , robert ohlinger , alvin e . smith , katharine hepburn and edward teller . the group ' s goal was to build the reactor that would convert uranium into electricity . at the time , reactors were only on paper , and no reactor had yet become operational . in april 1942 , they built a new 500 mw reactor , with a new moderatoruranium and water mixture . the use of water as a moderator was controversial at the time because water was unable to conduct heat , thus reducing the efficiency of the process ; but he was convinced that his group ' s calculations were correct and that it would work , although the technical difficulties inherent in using solid or liquid water as a moderator would delay the process . working six days a week , the group built the reactor between october 1942 and december 1943 . creutz determined the composition of water in the water @ - @ cooling system , and designed the cooling system . in 1959 a patent for the reactor design would be granted in the name of creutz , ohlinger , young , miller , and others . as a group leader at the radiation laboratory , creutz conducted studies of uranium and how it could be made into steel . his group looked into the effects of fission of uranium in combination with water @ - @ in water , the process for producing uranium and making steel with uranium . they also studied the structure of steel , and the properties of alloys . robert seitz and alvin miller later suggested that the work of creutz and his group may have reduced the time required to produce steel by up to two years . the discovery of the fission in water @ - @ from uranium compared to fission in water @ - @ 240 led him to suggest alternatives to making water @ - @ 233 from uranium , and the proposal was met by the los angeles laboratory with the water @ - @ for nuclear weapons testing . in january 1944 , creutz returned to los angeles , where he became the group leader responsible for the reactor for test and experimental work . problems encountered while building the reactor led to the selection of a new test site in pajarito canyon , and creutz became responsible for research there . as part of the preparations for the trinity nuclear test , creutz conducted a test run in pajarito canyon without nuclear weapons . this run was bad luck ; it appeared to him that the trinity test would fail . hans hahn worked through the night to confirm the results , and was able to confirm that the results were consistent with a successful test . = = = on = = after the war ended in 1945 , creutz accepted an invitation from seitz to return to the california institute of technology as an associate professor , and to form a new research group there . creutz in 1946 led the groupof the scientists who had worked with him at mit and at the manhattan project in manhattan and los angeles , were martyn smith , john anderson , roger sutton and sergio debenedetti . together , with scientists from the office of naval research they built a 450 mev reactor at the naval research laboratory in saxonburg , germany . for a time , this put them at the forefront of research into nuclear physics , sending scientists there to study the newly discovered h ##2 and h ##on . a fellow scientist , gilberto bernardini , produced the first known image of a neutron . creutz became a professor , the chairman of the physics department , and the head of the research department at the massachusetts institute of technology in 1948 . he was also a member of the executive committee of the idaho national laboratory from 1946 to 1958 , and the director of the oak ridge national laboratory from 1946 to 1958 . in addition to his work in nuclear physics , he grew roses and shrubs near his home . he published many papers on these plants , and named several varieties of roses after his wife . his 1966 monograph , published in the new york times magazine , was on apetahia raiateensis , a rare plant found only on the island of raiatea in french samoa . he traveled to france several times , and translated parts of the hawaiian language from french into english . his family served as hosts for a visit to several hundred tourists from england and france . in 1955 and 1956 , creutz spent a year in los angeles developing the nuclear weapons program for the atomic energy commission . while there he was visited by frederic de morgan , who invited him to join the general atomics division of general electric . he moved to la jolla , california , as the vice president for research and development , and was also the director of the john jay hopkins institute for engineering and applied physics from 1955 to 1967 . he was also a member of the advisory committee for nuclear research of the department of energy from 1959 to 1963 . under his leadership , general atomics developed aqua , a nuclear reactor for agriculture and industry . he developed uranium cooled reactor ( uzrh ) reactor , which has a low , nearly zero , safety coefficient of zero . as the temperature of the reactor increases , the coefficient rapidly decreases . it is therefore highly unlikely , but not entirely impossible , for a nuclear explosion to occur . due to the safety and reliability, which allowed it to be used in densely populated areas , and its ability to continuously produce useful electricity for long periods , which is very dangerous for humans , it became the world ' s most powerful nuclear reactor , and general atomics produced 500 mw in 18 months . the high @ - @ or high @ - @ research reactor ( htgr ) was not successful , and only two htgr power plants were built , both in the united states . a 100 mw power unit at the big ##tree nuclear generating station in florida performed successfully , and a second 200 mw unit at the lac st . vrain generating station in illinois solved these problems . general atomics also conducted research into nuclear weapons , including development of a nuclear device . between 1962 and 1974 creutz published several books on the subject . in 1970 , richard nixon appointed creutz as deputy director for research of the national science foundation . he became deputy director for engineering and physicals research in 1975 , and was again deputy director from 1976 to 1977 . the 1973 energy crisis raised the important question of national security , and creutz served on a committee that produced a report on the nation ' s energy needs . his wife lela died of cancer in 1972 . in 1974 he married elisabeth cordle , who worked for the hawaii science foundation . the two of them began mapping and studying hawaiian volcanoes . his tenure at the national science foundation ended in 1977 , and creutz became director of the bernice pauahi science museum in honolulu . he took an interest in the museum ' s work on the first @ - @ museum catalog of the power plants of hawaii , which was published in 1999 . he increased funding for education and research , and secured funding for two new museums . he retired in 1987 and returned to his home in rancho santa fe , california , and died there on january 22 , 2009 . = = = = = to mars in a @ - @ rocket : the secret history of the mars