= = century = the gregorian tower ( italian : torre gregoriana ) or tower of the winds ( italian : torre dei venti ) is a clock tower , called the tower of winds , which connects the vatican medici with the apostolic palace in vatican city . the tower was built between 1578 and 1580 to a design by the bolognese architect ottaviano mascherino ( who was charged with designing the apostolic palace ) , to promote the use of astronomy for the gregorian calendar , which was initiated by pope gregory xiii and completed in 1582 . it is sometimes also known as the tower of winds . the tower is also called the " specola astronomica vaticana " , the vatican tower . three stages of its development have occurred since it was first built . the tower was an observatory of great importance for the observations made using the clock . they were a evidence of the decision to observe the gregorian calendar . = = = history = = the first stage of construction of the tower , as described by leo xiii in his motu proprio et mysticam of 1891 , is attributed to pope gregory xiii , pope from 1572 to 1585 . the idea was to build the tower in a central location in the city and provide it with the " latest and latest observations of the world " . the project was decided by a series of meetings of the scientists who had been commissioned to study the julian calendar , in use since 3000 bc , to record their proposed observations . dr . christoph clavius , a famous missionary from the dutch republic , was the one on the committee who proposed the measurement name for the tower . the 73 metres ( 240 ft ) tower was originally built between the gallery and gallery , surrounded by the vatican and della pigna gardens . the instrument for the measurement of the sun rays passing through rome consisted of a large circle designed by ignazio danti of perugia . it was in the form of a large glass sphere in the centre , decorated with geometric instruments . the tower still exists today , but has undergone changes over the years . = = first stage = = the third stage of construction in the 17th and 18th centuries , when the tower came under the supervision of the vatican observatory , the mgr . filippo luigi gilii , a canon of st . peter ' s basilica . then in 1797 , pius vi gave permission to place a latin inscription in vaticana at the entrance to the upper part of the tower , which was designed by giuseppe zeladawith which to supply the heating system of the tower ' s interior . the new observatory was also set up on the first floor of the tower with the approval of pope pius x . all equipment , apart from the other instruments ( such as astronomical and magnetic instruments , with a telescope and a large equatorial and pendulum clock , ) was used for the dolland observatory . the observations included recording of observations of stars , observations of comets , observations of jupiter and comets ’ in detail . as an addition , with the approval of pope pius x , two new observation towers were also built at strategic points within the 1 @ , @ 300 feet ( 91 m ) of perimeter wall , more than a hundred years old . mgr . gilii , well regarded as a man with extensive knowledge of astronomy , astronomy , mathematics and the holy bible , was in charge of the observatory from 1800 to 1821 . he carried out daily astronomical observations ( twice a day at 10 am and 4 pm ) according to the rules of the italian astronomical society . after the astronomical instruments for many years were lost , the instrument , in a digital version was deposited in the vatican library . prior to gilii ' s death in 1821 , the observatory on the tower was closed and the instruments were transferred to the observatory in the vatican palace . completed in 1787 , it was considered more suitable for astronomical observations than the first . = = main building = = the construction of the observatory on the gregorian tower was undertaken by the barnabite francesco denza with the approval of pope leo xiii . high quality instruments were purchased , together with generous donations from citizens of rome , and the first astronomical instruments were purchased from richard of england . a four @ - @ inch telescope , a four @ - @ inch magnetic clock , and two equatorial clocks with two hands , were also obtained from the observatory in modena . in 1888 , the gift of a four inch equatorial telescope to pope leo xiii , was a gift of the celebrations . francesco denza reopened the observatory in 1889 . it was equipped with more modern instruments . the following year , a second observatory was built , 90 metres ( 1 @ , @ 300 ft ) away from the old gregorian tower , between the city , and st . peter ' s basilica to the 1 @ - @ the east . it was built to a height of 17 metres ( 56 ft ) with a total base height of 1 @ . @ 4 metres ( 13 ft ) , which could support the weight of a 16 inch long refractor ,they arrived from spain . " francisco rodriguez was the first , and held the position of rector from 1898 to 1905 . in 1891 , pope leo xiii , in the motu proprio ad mysticam , designated the gregorian tower as the headquarters of the newly established vatican observatory , a move which involved altering the building to provide a new roof for astronomical observations . = = fourth stage = = the fourth stage involved solving the problem of gaps between the two towers during the reign of pope pius ix . his plans were to turn the first tower into a national monument and to build and carry out observations in the second tower , linking the two towers on the western bank with an 83 metres ( 272 ft ) long bridge over the river . at the west end of this bridge , a four @ - @ inch telescope telescope mounted on a bearings . the east end of the tower , formerly the tower of the jesuits , had a telescope , with a small lens , used to measure the sun ( photoheliograph ) . a new four @ - @ inch equatorial telescope , the torre pio ii , was installed in the second tower . as a result of these changes , the astronomical telescope was transferred to the pontifical villa lincei , and the old astronomical and meteorological instruments were moved to the valle di pompei ##i . the new astronomical observatory was housed in two floors of the tower . the two new repsold instruments were used for work on the astrographic tables . the astronomical observations were published together with the notes associated with the first complete volumes of the census of rome . these were printed on cardboard and gold . = = = = = the tower had two floors and a basement . on the second floor was the great meridian hall or meridian room , which was originally an open space . pope clement viii had it enlarged and it was richly decorated with large panels of frescoes painted between 1580 and 1582 by francesco lagi and the two flemish painters pieter and matthijs bril . today the room has paintings by cristoforo roncalli and matteino da siena . the meridian room , now called the meridian room , was originally the bedroom of queen christina of sweden , then forcibly converted to apartments . the room was later enlarged with two items which gave it its current appearance : a chapel , and a small and beautiful anemoscope which was attached to the ceiling of the meridian room . these were designed by ignazio danti , the italian astronomer##smographer , in connection with the julian calendar reform . the instrument consisted of a straight line of white marble laid across the floor in a north @ - @ - direction , used to measure the position of the sun at noon according to the length of the year . the connection made with the instrument were further evidence of the decision to use the gregorian calendar . the anemoscope , by turn , was a mechanical device attached to the tower which was used to measure the speed and direction of the wind but eventually ceased working . the name may have contributed to the modern name of the hall , tower of the winds ; indeed , the earlier building in rome was also called the tower of the winds and may have been the source for it . the interior walls and ceiling of the tower were richly decorated , in many cases with painted paintings of the greek and the mountains , the sea , religious buildings , the seas in the palace , and the scenes with sailors in the seas and so on .