= no . 79 wing raaf = no . 79 wing was a royal australian air force ( raaf ) wing of world war ii . it was formed in december 1943 at batchelor , northern territory , as part of north @ - @ western area command . commanded by group captain charles eaton , the wing comprised three squadrons at its peak , flying beaufort and b @ - @ 25 medium bombers and beaufighter night fighters . no . 79 wing took part in the new guinea and north @ - @ western area campaigns during 1944 – 1945 , before moving to balikpapan in the netherlands east indies as the japanese moved south . following the end of the pacific war , the wing was assigned to the allied second tactical air force and was made up of nos . 1 and 18 ( netherlands east indies ) squadrons , both flying beaufort . the latter returned to the royal air force in early 1945 , while the former returned to australia where it disbanded the following year . no . 79 wing itself disbanded in early 1945 , shortly before the end of hostilities . = = = = = no . 79 wing was formed at batchelor , northern territory , on 1 december 1943 . its operational squadrons consisted of nos . 1 and 2 squadrons ( bristol beaufort light bomber aircraft ) , no . 2 squadron ( beaufighter b @ - @ 25 fighters ) , and no . 18 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron ( b @ - @ 25 mitchell heavy bombers ) . the wing was commanded by group captain charles eaton , whose enlisted men called him " oom charles " ( uncle charles ) . operating under the control of north @ - @ western area command ( nwa ) , raaf , no . 79 wing participated in the new guinea and north @ - @ western area campaigns during 1944 . in january – , 1944 , the beaufighters attacked japanese positions , while the fighters and beauforts attacked targets on a daily basis as a prelude to , delay and delay , the invasion of hollandia and aitape . eaton led a daylight raid against su , dutch timor , on 18 april . consisting of b @ - @ 25 fighters , beauforts and beaufighters , the raid destroyed the garrison ' s stores and ammunition stores , a feat that earned the personal admiration of the air commodore commanding nwa , air vice marshal " jack " williams . on the day of the japanese landings , 19 april , the beaufort and beaufighters mounted a night raid on dili , dutch timor . the night raid on hollandia – aitape met stiff resistance , due in part to the air commodoreand up to may . in may 1944 , nos . 2 , 18 and 31 squadrons attacked japanese shipping in java , but no . 2 squadron was withdrawn from combat to re @ - @ combat with bombers . no . 79 wing ' s light and medium aircraft suffered from a lack of aviation fuel and they had no airfields in forward areas from which to operate . no . 2 squadron returned to combat with bombers in june . that month , no . 2 squadron flew 149 missions , damaging japanese infrastructure and shipping in the forward areas , but lost its commanding officer to re @ - @ gun fire during a raid . in late – july 1944 , no . 79 wing attacked the japanese landings on noemfoor . no . 2 squadron was again the wing ' s most effective unit , flying 107 missions . in august , the beaufighters and mitchell attacked japanese shipping and airfields in ceram and timor , but suffered five aircraft and re @ - @ 24 men killed , among them squadron leader wilbur wackett , son of british aircraft industry pioneer william wackett . at the end of the month , combat operations were put on hold while replacement crews were trained . in october 1944 , arrangements were made to transfer no . 79 wing from re @ - @ western area command to northern command in papua new guinea , where it would conduct operations against the japanese in new britain . the wing ' s strength for this operation was to include nos . 2 and 18 squadrons , flying bombers , and 31 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron , flying p @ - @ 24 kittyhawks . no . 31 squadron was transferred from no . 79 wing to the australian second tactical air force in morotai in december . the following month , group captain eaton pulled out and was replaced by group captain john ryland . this restricted the wing ' s operations until january 1945 . no . 2 squadron was transferred to darwin to re @ - @ combat with bombers , with no . 31 squadron , flying venturas , taking over the role on re @ - @ 24 station . the squadron accounted for about half of the p @ - @ 24 japanese aircraft sunk by no . 79 wing in february , and a similar number to the six sunk the previous month . these operations were cut short in march , when arrangements were made to move the squadron to jacquinot airfield in new guinea . on 1 april , all the remaining aircraft of nos . 2 and 18 squadrons were combined to form re @ - @ 24 squadron of no .79 wing launched an attack on a japanese convoy that included the cruiser isuzu . the japanese were preparing for their rendezvous with the australians on sumba and the aircraft , at the upper limit of their range , attacked the convoy instead . they scored three direct hits without loss , despite heavy @ - @ gun fire from the escorts and merchant ##men , and several attacks by japanese fighters . the aircraft sank the cruiser isuzu the following day . the squadron ' s planned move to new guinea was cancelled in june 1945 , when the australian government requested that the squadron remain in the dutch east indies . no . 12 squadron was reassigned to biak , while no . 79 wing and the three other squadrons were ordered to move to borneo , under the control of the allied air command . by july , no . 79 wing had moved from batchelor to balikpapan , placing no . 12 squadron under the control of the @ - @ - area command . when the pacific war ended in august 1945 , the squadron transferred most of no . 79 wing and raaf personnel from japan to australia . no . 79 wing raaf was disbanded on 31 august . the following month , no . 12 squadron was transferred to the royal air force . no . 13 squadron returned to australia in december , disbanded in the @ - @ 1946 . these were the last operational squadrons of the raaf to receive aircraft during the war .