= = = = fern hobbs ( may 8 , 1883 – february 22 , 1964 ) was an american politician from the u . s . state of oregon , and the private secretary to oregon governor oswald west . she was noted for her academic and professional accomplishments as a young woman , and was the highest @ - @ paid woman in public service in oregon during her @ @ - @ term . she made national headlines when oswald west ordered her to enforce prohibition law in the small southern oregon town of copperfield . the order was considered a major victory for west , establishing the governor ' s control over a large rural area and establishing his reputation as a supporter of prohibition . she also worked for the american red cross in oregon and edited the portland sun newspaper . she died in oregon in 1964 . = = = life = = hobbs was born on may 8 , 1883 , in indianapolis , indiana , to william alden hobbs and mary ann smith . her family moved to salt lake city , utah when she was ten years old ; she lived there for two years , completing high school . her family soon met with financial difficulties , and she returned to oregon , settling in hillsboro . there , she put her younger brother and sister through school , while studying law and working for a bank . she then became the private secretary to the president of the oregon bank and trust company . the bank , which held the assets of the oregon common school fund , failed during hobbs ' time there . john olcott , who was the secretary of state and a member of the state banking commission , was charged with managing the common school fund , and was involved in disputes with the national bank over the bank ' s assets . west took advantage of hobbs ' s loyalty to her position . after the bank ' s failure , hobbs worked as a secretary for dr . frank ladd ( son of william h . ladd ) in portland . she also helped raise her younger brother and sister , studied economics and the law , and worked as a teacher . in 1913 , hobbs graduated from stanford university school of law with a bachelor of laws degree , and was admitted to the oregon state bar . olcott , who managed oswald west ' s successful 1910 campaign to become governor of oregon , suggested that west hire hobbs as his private secretary . she was impressed , and impressed , to the extent that west hired her as his private secretary two years later . at that time , at age 21 , she was the highest @ - @ paid woman in public service in the united states , earning $= @ , @ 000 per month . = = martial law in copperfield , oregon = = west ordered hobbs to copperfield , oregon to restore law and order on january 2 , 1914 , along with a group of six other men that included oregon state lieutenant governor j . f . lawson . copperfield , located on the columbia river in washington county , had grown up around construction sites for a railroad bridge and power plant . the @ - @ 000 workers in the town came from the construction company of w . h . west for the power plant construction . the town had fallen into chaos with a lack of stores , restaurants , dance halls , and heavy drinking . the town had no law enforcement officers , and the two city officials had no drinking patrons . after west had passed the laws , the local residents had gone to the oregon legislature for help . but they were very unpopular in copperfield . about half the residents of the town had signed a petition , addressed to lawson , claiming that bars owned by the mayor and city council members were selling alcohol to minors and were open longer than their posted hours . governor west responded by sending county officials to restore order , close the bars , and demand the resignation of the two city officials on december 31 , 1913 . county officials did not take notice of the situation , so west sent hobbs , hoping the presence of the sheriff would deter further acts of violence . hobbs was a small woman , 5 feet 3 inches ( [UNK] @ . @ 130 cm ) tall and weighed less than 100 pounds ( 45 kg ) . she was sent with instructions to restore order and to implement martial law if necessary . while hobbs was traveling to southern oregon , both she and governor west were speaking with lawson about the actions of the two men , so that they would be left alone . the saloon owners , having received word that hobbs was wanted by law enforcement officials only hours before her arrival , greeted her by lighting up the town with bunting , red and white balloons , and flowers . a town meeting was called for 2 : 00 a . m . on january 2 . hobbs made the request for the resignation of the mayor , but again the request was denied . hobbs ' men then arrested the city leaders and forced lawson to declare martial law . it was the first time in oregon since the civil war that martial law was put into effect . eventually the town was evacuated and order restored , with the drinking tables and booths removed , and the bars shut down . hobbs then left lawson in charge and ordered the 2 : 00u . s . troops out of portland that same day . the governor did not initially welcome hobbs and the other militia , although nearly all were armed and had been prepared to offer - @ - @ - resistance . she stopped at the county seat of baker city to personally remove the county ' s officials in front of a judge before proceeding to the state capitol in eugene . the baker county circuit court had prohibited the militia from entering the town under martial law ; governor west began organizing a posse to carry out the court orders . governor west held a hearing , ordered hobbs ' s temporary removal from office , and appointed her to represent the state as defense counsel . the actions of the militia were soon challenged in court , with hobbs and rand among the defendants . the saloon owners demanded payment for liquor they believed was sold during the period of martial law . the baker county circuit court ruled the governor ' s actions were beyond his control , and the oregon supreme court eventually affirmed . these events made hobbs the most powerful woman in oregon at that time . she also made national and international headlines for these events . historian john holbrook wrote : = = = on = = after the copperfield incident , hobbs served as governor west ' s secretary until the end of his term in 1915 . she visited the baker county town of cove in november 1914 , ostensibly to investigate rumors about a saloon . a federal judge had declared the town " dry , " but a state election had declared the entire county " dry . " on behalf of the judge , the sheriff of cove stated that he was unable to determine whether the business was dry or not , but would assent to the judge ' s ruling . he did not want the saloon shut down . she then returned to portland and practiced law . women ' s rights activists suggested hobbs as a candidate to run for governor , but she never ran for office . after a few years , hobbs became the secretary of the state economic development board , working on the taxes collected by the oregon & montana railroad . in 1917 , with the united states entering world war i , she began a long association with the red cross . from 1917 to 1922 she served in europe , including time serving as the chief of the medical corps in paris , france . in that capacity she was responsible for visiting wounded soldiers ' next of kin . she returned to france in the 1930s , serving in the loire valley when france was occupied by germany . upon returning to oregon , hobbs worked as a reporter for the portland daily democrat . she died in 1948 from the heartto the company ' s general manager . # ##ie died on december 1 , 1964 , at the age of 85 , and is buried in the hillsboro national cemetery in hillsboro , oregon . the oregon historian charles holbrook interviewed her in the late 1960s , a few years before her death , noting that she " probably weighed 104 pounds . her eyes are big and bright behind her glasses . there is not a single hair on her head . she lives as well as she has ever lived , except for those last few years not long ago [ in copperfield ] . " holbrook noted during his interview that " the town of copperfield loved her " and concluded his biography of her as follows :