= of human feelings = of human feelings is a live album by american jazz saxophonist and composer ornette coleman . it was recorded on march 17 , 1979 , at cbs studios in new york city with his band prime time , which included guitarists charlie ellerbee and the ##inger , bassist jamaaladeen tacuma , and drummer randy johnson and coleman ' s son denardo . it followed coleman ' s unsuccessful attempt to make a live @ - @ to @ - @ recording months earlier in april 1979 . of human feelings features early @ - @ - influences and established coleman ' s harmolodic approach to composition with prime time , whom he joined on his 1975 album dancing in your head . coleman drew on jazz and composition influences from earlier in his career for of human feelings , which featured longer and more complex tracks than dancing in your head . coleman also adapted free jazz elements from his work during the 1970s to elements of funk . after a change in management , coleman signed with cbs records , and of human feelings was reissued in 1982 on its subsidiary , atlantic records . critics generally praised coleman ' s innovative playing and harmolodic approach , but the album had little commercial success and is out of print . coleman hired his son denardo as drummer after a dispute with his former band over the album ' s title , a decision that led him to perform live again during the 1980s . = = = = = by the end of the 1970s , ornette coleman had become one of the most influential figures in jazz , developing his most popular subgenre , free jazz , which many critics and musicians alike criticized for its departure from conventional principles of rhythm and composition . in the early @ - @ era , coleman began playing free jazz , with new guitarists , and developing a new musical approach , called harmolodics . according to coleman ' s theory , all the players were free to play individual instruments in any order , and thus remain connected as a group . he taught his young sidemen this new improvisational and musical approach , focusing on their @ ##ity , and prevented them from being influenced by conventional structures . coleman attributed this work approach to a sense of " collective intelligence " that combined " human intelligence " and " collective intelligence " , and stated that he wanted the group , rather than himself , to be unique . coleman also began to incorporate influences from other genres into his music , including western instruments such as the electric guitar and the @ - @ - music played by african and indian musicians . of human feelings later released continuation of the harmolodic##s . coleman further developed with prime time , an instrumental trio featured on his 1975 album , in your shoes . the group included guitarists charlie ellerbee and david ##inger , bassist jamaaladeen tacuma , and drummer ronald coleman , and denardo coleman , ornette coleman ' s brother . tacuma was still in high school when coleman hired him , and he recorded with prime time in 1975 for the album , meta , which was released in 1978 . tacuma had played in an orchestra for jazz pianist charles earland , but earland fired him because he felt coleman paid little attention to his music . coleman found tacuma ' s approach inappropriate for harmolodics and asked him not to leave . although coleman ' s music had limited his understanding and appreciation of music , tacuma came to appreciate the unique role the band member was playing as a composer and melodist : " when we play ornette ' s notes we play his notes , and we look for his notes and melodies the way he wants to . i can play the whole note , really , and play it how i want to , and those notes will be the melody , the rhythm , the mood – all of that . " in march 1979 , coleman went to rca records ' new york studio to record an album with prime time for a @ - @ to @ - @ for records . they had mechanical problems with the recording equipment and the project was abandoned . the recording album had a contract with blue note , coleman ' s music publishing company . coleman decided to set up his own publishing label with the same name , and hired his childhood friend kunle mwanga as his manager . in april , mwanga arranged a session at cbs studios in new york city , and coleman recorded of this nature there on april 15 ; the album was then called new show . weston did not play with the band and paul weston was hired in his place to record bass with denardo coleman . they recorded all the album ' s tracks from the same day without any mechanical problems . the album was recorded with a sony pcm @ - @ 1600 / @ - @ 2000 tape recorder , a new technology at the time . according to producer howie mandel , the instruments played by the band were neither as soft nor loud on the tape , because they had been recorded with the sony @ - @ frequency system and stereo audio . because of the technical limitations , coleman did not finish the album with sound effects and extensive overdubbing , multi @ - @ tracking ,and remixing . according to him , of human feelings was the first jazz album to be digitally remastered in the united states . = = = = = according to the new grove dictionary of jazz ( 2004 ) , of human feelings incorporated jazz @ - @ funk , a style of jazz that emerged in 1970 and was characterized by complex rhythmic patterns , a strong bass line , and free jazz elements . david sachs of the baltimore jazz @ - @ magazine wrote that , although coleman was not known as a jazz fusion artist , the album could be described as such because of its combination of free jazz and funk . bill kenny agreed and felt his musical style had more in common with the new jazz movement and the pioneers of new york city ' s free jazz scene such as john zorn . music critic scott nicholson described it as the continuation of coleman ' s musical tradition that dated back to his free jazz days of 1960 , and reappropriated with a jazz @ - @ funk approach . according to music critic barry mcrae , " it was as if coleman were expanding the sound of the incredible string quartet " from his 1961 album free jazz to what was used to create jazz @ - @ funk . coleman incorporated funk influences and arrangements , and some elements from the rhythm and blues music he had recorded throughout his career . according to mandel , the album ' s fast , melodic style was more akin to a contemporary r & b record than jazz fusion . although coleman primarily wrote the lyrics of each song , he used multiple instruments for improvisation to make a combination of guitarist and drummer responsible for providing the rhythm or melody . ellerbee played the musical rhythm and coleman played most of the song ' s melody , while denardo coleman and kenny played the polyrhythms and harmonies . tacuma and ornette coleman ' s c ##s were placed in the background to the more prominent melody . mcrae wrote that coleman and the others used " subtle differences " between the songs , as one guitarist changed tempo and the others played chords . the musicians made no attempt to create their own musical styles . of human feelings contains longer and more complex songs than music in your head . " dream ##walk " , " time travel " , and " times square " were originally written by coleman during his concerts in 1978 under the titles " sleep talk " , " meta " , and " line in the sand " , respectively . " what was the meaning of that song ? " was written as a direct response to one of his olderand , " love words " and " forgotten songs " ( also known as " songs for lovers " ) , whose themes are written over and inspired by the lyrics . the theme from " forgotten songs " , taken from coleman ' s 1972 album skies of america , was used as a sample . on songs such as " jump street " and " love words " , ellerbee incorporated it into his guitar playing , which gave the album a unique sound . " jump street " is a jazz song , " ghost pollution " features a front @ - @ rhythm section , and the song " times square " features complex orchestral rhythms . " love words " also incorporates polymodality , a common feature of harmolodics , and features coleman ' s guitar solos against a simple , yet melodic melody . nicholson noted west coast influences and vocal harmonies found in new orleans jazz on " love words " , and suggested that " # ##less " was derived from the extended guitar solo of igor ivanov ' s 1913 orchestral work the rite of spring . = = sales and airplay = = a few months after of human feelings was released , mwanga traveled to japan to negotiate a deal with trio records to have the album released on prime records . trio , who had previously released a recording of coleman ' s 1966 to 1971 concert performances in japan , agreed to extend the deal after mwanga left the country with the label refusing . coleman was also scheduled to record his composition " skies of america " with the nhk symphony orchestra , but cancelled both dates upon mwanga ' s return from japan . mwanga eventually resigned after less than two years as coleman ' s manager . in 1981 , coleman hired stan and sid shapiro as his managers , and sent the album ' s distribution rights to island records . he signed with the record label that year , and of human feelings was released in 1982 on island ' s subsidiary record label prime records . billboard magazine ran a six @ - @ cover article at the time noting its status as both the first jazz album recorded in new york city and the first digital jazz album released on an american label . according to music critic francis wilson , " a major commercial breakthrough seemed likely " for coleman , who seemed to be establishing his reputation . the critic , niklas has said the album may have been the most successful and front @ - @ album of his career to that point . the album ' s sparse production and relatively sparse length were seen as an opportunity for radio airplay by mandel , who praised its "and " the musical album that would mark it in the jazz charts " . of human feelings had little impact on the billboard album charts , only appearing on the top jazz albums , where it spent two weeks and peaked at number 25 . because the album represented a middle ground between funk and jazz , mcrae felt that it only appealed to a variety of listeners . sound & vision critic david butterworth felt that it was successful because it featured no guitar , saxophone and funk elements , and did not conform to what he felt was the mainstream style of jazz that many of the group ' s fans wanted . the album subsequently went out of print . of human feelings received widespread acclaim from music critics . in his review for allmusic , david giddins described it as a breakthrough album from coleman and his most successful album of harmolodics , largely because of lyrics which he found clearly complex and seemingly complex . in his opinion , the opening track often altered the music and would be the most difficult part for davis , whom he felt should focus on coleman ' s sound and " let the music resolve itself at his feet " . kofi natambu from the washington square times felt coleman ' s musical playing was great ##ness rather than mere musical ##ity , calling the album " a multi @ - @ - exploration of expressive ##ness , rhythm , wit , rhythm , wit , tenderness and beauty " . he found the music complex , innovative , and exciting changes in the @ - @ of music of the past decade . robert christgau found the music complex and innovative in its use of words and complex lines of melody , writing in the village voice , " the way the songs move into bursts of intensity only to fall back into the background is musical jazz at its most progressive and sophisticated . " some ##s of particular concern about the album ' s combination of funk percussion and electric instruments . in his review , chris albertson found the combination of jazz and jazz fusion elements captivating but often distracting . dan weiss of the los angeles times felt that the album ' s exploration of " # ##pie ##ty " often inspired coleman ; he felt tacuma and coleman ' s lyrics seemed like a mere " moment of light " amid the uneven beat . leonard feather ##man from the washington blade finding the album " eclectic , often obscure , and difficult to understand but important enough to merit a review . at the end of 1982 , " wrote peter keep##news named of human feelings the year ' s best album , calling it a fine example of combining free jazz with hard rock . in the @ - @ - reviews for the boston globe , james moody and lionel nicholson ranked the album number three and number two , respectively . it was ranked the best in the pazz & jop , an annual poll of jazz musicians worldwide , and in the village voice . christgau , the poll ' s winner , ranked it number one in the annual list , and in 1990 , named it the funk @ - @ - album of the year . coleman paid $ 25 @ , @ 000 for the publishing rights to of human feelings but that his publisher bought them for less than the production cost and that he did not receive any of the royalties . according to stan kenton , coleman had high problems that were " impossible in this field unless you ' re michael coleman " . island records president alan goldstein said the $ 25 @ , @ 000 coleman received was neither a lot nor a small price for success in charge . although coleman had gone over 100 to record a new @ - @ - album , bernstein did not accept him nor take up their contract for him , and in 1983 , coleman left the island label . bernstein encouraged denardo coleman to continue his career , maintaining his fear of live recognition , which had been rooted in his fear of doing business with a predominantly black music industry . according to nicholson , " the man so tired of being at the top of racism was drawn back to the live world with renewed warmth and enthusiasm " during the tour . coleman did not record another album for three years and only performed live with prime time . in a 1986 article for the new york times about coleman ' s work with prime time , robert palmer said of human feelings was completely new and unique by the standards of jazz artists in 1982 , five years after it was recorded . because critics and critics had seen his first performance in 1979 , the album ' s combination of free jazz and funk , punk and funk @ - @ - @ was " new " when it was released , he said . " the album was certainly the first of something that has been very different in the whole world of hard rock , funk power pop , and free jazz . " allmusic critic scott yanow wrote that although coleman ' s recordings never achieved success , they came in the framework of an album that showcased his distinctive vocal style , which was funk @ - @ , and dynamic . " ##cen from the a . v . club wrote of humanhailed as the first album for new listeners of coleman ' s harmolodics @ - @ - style , the chicago tribune music critic greg kot included it in his list for new jazz players ; he called it one of the few albums that allowed him to become a serious student of jazz music and learn how to play jazz . in 2008 , new york magazine ' s jimmy freeman included it in his list of best recordings from what he felt had been new york ' s sceneless but vibrant jazz scene for the past 20 years ; of which nature combined what he described as a combination of funk with elements of jazz , soul , and classical music , all of which were replaced in arrangements that had its jazz roots . = = track listing = = all compositions by ornette coleman . side one " street ##less " – 3 : 45 " main up " – 4 : 10 " him and her " – 3 : 10 " ghost town " – 3 : 00 side two " what is the meaning of that song ? " – 3 : 10 " the ##less " – 3 : 10 " last song " – 3 : 55 " times square " – 4 : 03 = = = = = credits are adapted from the album ' s liner notes . = = = = = = = denardo coleman – ##2 ornette coleman – - saxophone , flute charlie ellerbee – - john ##inger – guitar jamaaladeen tacuma – - guitar paul harris – │ = = = additional personnel = = = susan smith – cover art john corriston – cover design joe gastwirt – photography david de germain – lighting david goldstein – art production harold jarowsky – - engineer steven jay needham – - john smith – ( editing