= world war z = world war z : an oral history of the zombie war ( 2006 ) is an historical fiction novel by max brooks . the book is a collection of individual accounts written by an agent of the united nations armistice commission , describing the ongoing global battle against the zombie plague . the accounts describe a year @ - @ of living conditions , as experienced by people of various nationalities . the individual accounts also describe the devastating social , political , economic , and environmental consequences . world war z is a year @ - @ sequel to brooks ' " survival guide " the zombie survival guide ( 2003 ) , although the story is much more personal . it was inspired by the zombie war : an oral history of world war z ( 1984 ) by studs terkel , and by the zombie films of george a . romero . brooks uses world war z to comment on foreign policy and american politics , while also criticizing survivalism and genocide . the book was a critical success and was praised by most critics . an audiobook adaptation , performed by a professional cast including alan alda , mark hamill , and john turturro , won an audie award in 2007 . a film inspired by the novel , directed by marc forster and starring brad pitt , was released in 2013 . = = = = = the story is told in the form of a series of interviews conducted by the narrator , max brooks , an agent of the united nations armistice commission . although the exact cause of the outbreak is unknown , a young boy from a village in china is identified as the world ' s first patient zero . the boy ' s condition reaches the point where the chinese government has to take steps to cover up the outbreak , including starting a war with officials to conceal their presence . however , the disease only continues to spread to other nations by zombie hunting , smuggling and the black market zombie trade . initially , these countries are able to build up their zombie populations , until a much larger outbreak in north america brings the disease to international attention . as the disease spreads , israel occupies the palestinian territories and begins a border blockade , closing its borders to everyone except the palestinians and arabs . its government quickly puts down an anti @ - @ zombie campaign , which is often referred to as the american zombie war . the united states has failed to respond because it is limited in its ability to mount effective resistance . although special forces quickly deploy zombie soldiers , a widespread war soon begins : the population is drained of its will by " brushfire attacks " ,and a widely distributed and deadly zombie virus creates a false sense of security . as many rural areas of the world turn to zombies , a period known as the " great famine " begins . pakistan and iran face each other in a civil war , and the iranian government tries to stem the tide of refugees fleeing from pakistan into iran . after zombies attack new york city , the u . s . military puts up a self @ - @ era website in the capital city of yonkers . the " battle of yonkers " is a disaster ; conventional weapons and armor are ineffective against zombies , as the zombie has no self @ - @ era ##dication and can only be killed if shot in the head . the exhausted and wounded soldiers are shown on national television . other soldiers suffer more disastrous defeats , and human civilization is on the verge of collapse . in north america , the government implements a war plan developed by self @ - @ # ##dication expert john redeker . it calls for the creation of ghost towns , with large numbers of people living under various circumstances in order to contain the undead and give those in the designated safe zone time to rest and recover . governments also implement military measures to evacuate the dead to other foreign countries , such as the successful mass evacuation of the russian population to kamchatka . because zombies freeze up in cold weather , many people in north america flee to the mountains of northern europe and the arctic , where several million people die of starvation and disease . it is reported that zombies resort to cannibalism to survive ; further reports from various sources indicate that this occurs in areas of the united states where food shortages exist . the two surviving astronauts from the international space station survive the disaster by stealing food from the nearby international space station and hiding both military and civilian supplies in an abandoned space station . a surviving member of the iss crew describes " mega " waves of zombies in the american great plains and southeast asia , and how the outbreak affects america ' s population . the u . s . military establishes safe zones north of the rocky mountains and spends much of the next decade removing zombies from that region . all aspects of civilian life are devoted to supporting the war effort against the zombies . much of this is for emergency planning : shortages of water and food , seizure of public land , and increased security forces . the u . s . military also operates a " self @ - @ education program " to educatethe civilian population for the war effort and maintaining order ; the workforce with skills such as engineering and construction proving themselves more effective than those with limited skills . seven years before the story begins , a conference is held off the coast of honolulu , aboard the uss america , where most of the world ' s leaders agree that they can fight the zombie horde if they remain in their home areas . the u . s . military , meanwhile , prepares for going on the offensive . learning to lead by example , the u . s . military prepares itself to meet the new military goals of fighting the undead : using full @ - @ manual , full @ - @ automatic , and rapid fire , relying on single shots and slow , steady bursts of fire ( the new " super @ - @ weapon " of the german army during the cold war ) ; and using a new military weapon , the " lobotomizer " or " lobo " ( described as a combination of a shovel and a battle axe ) , for close @ - @ close combat . the military , led by the new american democratic government , begins the three @ - @ - @ - @ long process of defending the entire united states from both the undead as well as groups of the zombie horde . various military tactics and strategies are described as being used to deal with the three @ - @ , and also by criminal and military groups . seven years after the official announcement of the zombie outbreak , millions of zombies are still living , living on the ocean floor or on snow covered islands . the american economy has become the world ' s most powerful economy . after a civil war that makes use of nuclear weapons , china has become a republic and is now known as the " chinese republic " . japan is freed from chinese rule and occupies beijing , the world ' s most populous city . following the russian revolution and the fall of the empire , russia is becoming an authoritarian state known as the great russian empire . due to the fact that many female citizens either became pregnant , were infected with hiv , or died due to disease , the empire has begun a " breeding " program , with the remaining fertile females forced to be coercively bred to increase the population . south america is completely destroyed , with the remaining population presumed to have moved into underground settlements . the situation in the british isles is not entirely clear in the novel , although they may have survived the effects of the plague . most of the british royal family has fled to canada andthe isle of man , saw the british response to the antonine wall , and scotland produces water from a well in the highlands where the queen held court for the war ' s duration , refusing to meet with her subjects . the pope has a secret refuge in the roman catholic archdiocese of armagh . in france , the palace of versailles was the scene of a massacre and has been burned to the ground ; french forces were particularly heavy in destroying the palace of versailles because the palace housed over a quarter of a million people during the early stages of the war , many of whom were zombies . israel has been largely destroyed and remains the world ' s most heavily infected country . the israelis and palestinians have made peace , and the palestinian occupied territories have been renamed " mandatory palestine " . iraq is also known as " aztlan " . many countries are described as having closed borders due to the " migration " of zombies into war zones ; these countries grew to become " zombie kingdoms " that later became nation states . dead sea @ - @ called " dead sea " serves to cover large uninhabited areas as well as being rendered useless due to lack of resources . for these reasons , the saudi royal family owns the oil fields of saudi arabia . the united states has a large military force to clear the remaining zombies from coastal areas , capture zombies that escape from the ocean floor , and kill the zombies when they return . it is believed that the original zombies have made a comeback and that their life span is being extended . the world begins again from where it began . = = development = = brooks wrote world war iii to follow the " laws " set forth in his previous book , the zombie survival guide ( 2003 ) , and stated that the zombie does exist in the novel ' s fictional world . the zombies of the zombie survival guide are human bodies reanimated by an unknown virus ( zombie ) , devoid of organs , capable only of eating living flesh , and cannot be killed unless the virus is removed . decomposition will eventually set in , but this process takes longer than for the average zombie and can be accelerated by factors such as mutations . although zombies do not speak and move as fast as the humans they eat , they are slow @ - @ , and incapable of moving or acting on their environment . they can detect their prey by scent . brooks based the zombie concept on the novel . he drew inspiration from " the great fight " : an illustrated history of world war ii ( 1984) and gene terkel , saying : " [ terkel ' s book is ] an oral history of world war z . i read it when i was a kid and it ' s been with me ever since . when i sat down to read world war z : an oral history of the cold war , i found it to be in the form of an oral history . " brooks has cited american horror film director george a . romero as an influence and of the night of the living dead series : " they scare people , making them cheap and cheap . they ' ve done for the living dead what the old batman television series did for the dark knight . " brooks acknowledged the several references to popular culture in the book , including one to the film series itself , but wanted to include the others so that readers could read them later . brooks did extensive research before writing world war z . the characters , science , history , strategy , and military tactics are based on a combination of reference books and interviews with zombie experts . brooks also uses the u . s . census as a source of zombie populations . = = = = = = = = = = = = = critics have noted that brooks uses world war z as a source to critique government bureaucracy , government corruption , and general short @ - @ society . at one point in the novel , a syrian refugee living in kuwait refuses to believe the zombies are real , believing it is a conspiracy of officials . many other critics blame the united states ' failure to contain the zombie threat on low morale in their military due to conflicts in the middle east . brooks states his deep dislike of government corruption . for example , one character in the novel tries to avoid talking about the zombie threat to avoid public embarrassment , while at the same time failing to find a solution for fear of changing public opinion . brooks has also criticized the government : = = = = = = = = = = = survivalism = = = = survivalism and disaster management are recurring themes in the novel . many characters , particularly those from the united states , focus on the decisions intended to encourage the young people to fight the zombies and save the world . for example , when houses were rebuilt to be as safe as possible in order to contain the zombies , the survivors could gain a higher status than the original c . e . r . ; when the short @ - @ survivors lived in their houses , which had been turned into zombie shelters , they were attacked by others trying to break in , leading to the slaughter. in the novel , zombies meet the physical and mental needs needed to survive a outbreak . brooks praised the large amount of research done to create the conditions for fighting a global zombie outbreak . he also pointed out that people support the zombie culture because they believe they can do anything with the necessary skills and knowledge . = = = = fear and uncertainty = = = = brooks considers the theme of fear central to the zombie genre . he believes that zombies force people to deal with their own fears about the state of the world . brooks has expressed a deep fear of zombies : this fear is central to the era in which he is writing . he said : " at this point we ' re pretty much living in an uncertain world " , full of conflicting emotions and without reason or logic . when asked in a 2013 interview about how he would combat zombies with violence , brooks said : = = = = = reviews for the novel have been generally positive . mike cruz of publishers weekly gave the novel an " a " grade , noting that the novel shares with other zombie novels the importance of the personal metaphor , describing it as " an addictively entertaining alternate history . " steven a . silver cited brooks ' personal metaphor as the novel ' s main inspiration and commented positively on brooks ' ability to create an environment for the skills needed to survive a global zombie outbreak . silver ' s main concern was with " the @ - @ guts " — the final chapter — in which characters have a chance to make a final final statement . silver noted that it was not always clear who the main , recurring characters were . the guardian described the novel as being " unlike any other zombie novel " because it is " too personal for most people , and not just in the ' @ - @ and @ - @ ' way , either . " keith phipps of the a . v . club noted that the length of the novel made it difficult for brooks to build suspense , but found the novel ' s final chapter interesting . maureen ryan of the chicago tribune said the novel avoided the " conventions " of the zombie novel genre by " focusing on other , more personal aspects of the human condition . " in his review for time out london , pete lewis wrote that " [ m ] y journey to the point of making history would have been great in and of itself . doing it in the style of gene terkel would be great . " john currie jr . called world war z one of his favorite zombie novels and praised brooks for avoiding " the conventional wisdom ofwriter and artist that were essential to the creation of stories about the end of the world . . . [ i ] agree to believe that this is science fiction , that in fact the actual details of the war between humans and zombies are based on fact . " david smith of the fairfield daily register credited world war z with making zombies more popular in popular culture . the paperback version of world war z spent 18 weeks on the new york times best seller list , peaking at number two . by december 2011 , according to publishers weekly , world war z had sold 2 million copies in 30 countries . = = audiobook = = random house published an expanded audiobook in 2007 , narrated by john michael elroy and illustrated by dan zitt , with additional narration by john paul montebello . the book is narrated by brooks , with other actors taking on the roles of the various zombie characters who are featured in the book . brooks ' s experience with voice acting and all @ - @ over productions meant she could voice a large number of the cast members . on october 1 , 2013 , random house also published a companion audiobook , world war z : the complete series ( a all @ - @ audio ##book ) : an illustrated history of the zombie franchise . it contains the text of the original , expanded audiobook , as well as the audio of each individual episode . a second , shorter audiobook containing all the additional material not included in the original audiobook was released , as world war z : the complete episodes : a companion to the original version . = = = = = = = * smashwords review = = = = = = = in her review of the audiobook for strange horizons , siobhan carroll called the book " brilliant " and found the listening experience reminiscent of orson welles ' s original radio broadcast of the war of the worlds ( broadcast september 11 , 1938 ) . carroll had mixed feelings about the original ##over , describing it as " funny and effective , and free of ' special effects ' and ' gum ##ption ' overall " , but criticized what she saw as excessive cheeriness on the part of anne gail and inauthenticity of steve allen ' s other characters . publishers weekly also praised brooks ' performance , but noted that the rest of the " all @ - @ over cast play their roles with such grace and dignity that you cannot help but connect with these characters " . in an interview for npr about the progress they make on their audiobooks ,nate dimeo cited world war z as an example of films whose supporting characters contribute to making them " interesting , " and described the book as a " better @ - @ than @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ to @ - @ - @ - " . the world war z audiobook won the 2007 audie award for multi @ - @ outstanding book and was nominated for audiobook of the year . = = = = = = in december 2006 , paramount pictures acquired the film rights for world war z for brad pitt ' s production company , plan 9 entertainment , to produce . the screenplay was written by j . michael straczynski , with marc forster directing and also starring as the lead character , and ##loading gerry anderson . despite being the one that wrote the original green @ - @ lit , straczynski ' s script was set back , meaning that production , which was to begin at the end of 2009 , was delayed . the script was renamed green @ - @ lit by director michael carnahan to set the film in the future , leaving out much of the novel ' s plot to make it more of an action film . in a 2012 interview , pitt said the film adaptation had little in common with the novel other than the plot . production began in @ - @ 2011 , and the film was released in january 2013 .