= sentence size = sentence size is the total space between sentences in a text . this is a matter of historical interpretation . since the invention of single @ - @ type ##writer in 1830 , various different writing methods have been used for writing with the latin alphabet . these include a single large space ( as between the words in a sentence ) , a slightly enlarged space , and slightly smaller spaces . until the 20th century , publishing houses and printers in many languages used single space between sentences . there are exceptions to this particular writing method — some publishers used space between sentences that was much wider than sentence size . this replaced " as — a language " with single @ - @ size or spacing until the mid 20th century . with the invention of the telephone in the late 19th century , printers used the space between sentences to create the space used by early computers . although single sentence size was phased out of the printing industry by the single @ - @ 20th century , the practice continued on typewriters and later on computers . perhaps because of this , many modern writers still falsely believe that the convention was invented for the telephone . the proper for double sentence size is still debated and some sources still state that it is not necessary or acceptable . from about 1950 , double sentence size became standard in books , magazines and newspapers and the majority of style books that use the single @ - @ type ##face as a style standard either recommend or prohibit the use of a single space between the last words of a sentence . however , some sources still state that double space is necessary or acceptable . the practice continues on the world wide web . many people prefer double sentence size for everyday writing because that was how they were taught to write . there is some debate about which style is more acceptable ; the most recent style tests conducted since 2002 have yielded mixed results . = = = = = = = = variable style = = = = after the invention of letter type , a new style was developed that could accommodate letters of any size , and allowed for perfectly round letters . many american , british , and other european typesetters ' style books ( also known as printers ' books ) had style books that were all nearly identical from the 19th century onwards . these , — e . g . , jacobi in the uk ( 1890 ) and mackellar , harpel , and van vinne ( 1866 – 1901 ) in the u . s . —and that letters should be em @ - @ spaced , and that numbers should be 1 / 3 or 1 / 2 em @ - @ spaced ( see right ) . the exact size of the sentence space would vary depending on the use of the word space and the printing process . for most publishers , this remained the standard for their works until the 20th century . however , even during this time , there were publishing houses ( especially in germany ) that used a single white space between sentences — a system called proportional space ( see right ) . = = = mechanical type and the invention of the new = = = - type machines introduced at the end of the 19th century , such as the telephone and telegraph companies , allowed for a variable sentence size due to professional writing . just as these machines allowed the mass production of documents , the invention of the telephone at the same time allowed the production of personal and business correspondence . however the machines ' operating systems did not allow variable space — and could not count the number of times they used the space alone . printers in the em @ - @ spaced system initially attempted to use three spaces between sentences to avoid the exact double spaces used in traditional printing , but eventually settled on two spaces , a practice that continued into the 20th century . this became known as single space , and was a divergence from traditional printers , which continued to use double spaces . = = = transition to single space = = = in the early 20th century , many publishers began using one and a half interword spaces ( the " english space " ) to separate sentences . this system remained in use , to some extent , into the 1960s . newspapers , magazines , and magazines began to adopt the english space system in the united states in the 1940s and in the united kingdom in the 1950s . they did not transition to variable space however . the professional writing still relied on the computer to separate sentences — with the inherent proportional ##ity character . technological advances were affecting other writing systems . in 1941 , ibm introduced the computer , a computer capable of variable space — which had been used in professional writing for hundreds of years . this effectively ended the effect that the monospaced system had on the computer — and the cause of its technical problems . until the 1990s , most phototypesetting systems used blocks of white space between sentences . this was also true of the world wide web , where it often contains english text , although the2011 the @ . @ . @ . project has developed an extension that can add additional space . in the 1980s , text editing software provided the computer user with more advanced editing tools . by the late 20th century , writers and the english language had begun to change their stance on double spaces . = = = = = = = = = = = = = editorial choices in style ( the " layout and appearance of words " ) influenced the spelling conventions in early writing . in 1954 , geoffrey lewis ' s book , turning points on the layout and appearance of words , describes the gradual shift from a slightly smaller word space to a larger word space between sentences . with the advent of the computer mouse , writers began using double spaces , especially in monospaced text . in 1989 , the book by microsoft stated that " microsoft uses only one space for parentheses , question marks , bullet marks , and quotes " , and recommended uniform double space as a spelling convention . authors counting words & finding out how typing works ( 1993 ) and writing with words : the complete guide to typing ( 2006 ) both state that double spaces should be avoided between words , and between sentences . more recent writers on style argue more strongly . ilene strizver , president of the design institute , says , " sorry about the differences of opinion : strictly speaking , having two spaces at the beginning of a new sentence is completely , completely unacceptable . " the oxford handbook of style ( 2003 ) states that " the traditional practice of writing sentences with two word spaces and a colon has no place in style " and the word space is " standard typographic convention " . the handbook of graphic design ( 2004 ) argues for double space between sentences , stating that " your reading as well as your writing can benefit from adopting this standard [ word space ] editorial practice . " david smith ' s book , the word : understanding the rules of style ( 2004 ) — published in 2005 — describes the current editorial stance on word space : double spaces , before and after sentences , should be carefully adjusted to appear to be of the same size as the standard word space . if a single word space is placed between a new sentence or a colon , then , theoretically , this produces a result of up to50 % larger than that of decimal word spaces in a book of documents . this is because these word spaces have space between them , which , when added to the adjacent decimal word spaces , combines to create a much larger space . some argue that the " extra " space between the dot and decimal spaces acts as a " pause signal " for the text . but this is incorrect ( and possibly false ) since the pause signal is generated by the question mark itself . = = = = and style guide = = = = = = = style guides = = = = early style guides for writing included a larger space between words than between words – " sentence space " , as shown in the figure to the right . during the 20th century , style guides often included additional spaces between words for printed manuscripts , which were necessary prior to professionally editing the text . as modern desktop computers became popular , printed manuscripts became more popular and many style guides began making distinctions between manuscript and printed manuscript text . during the same period , style guides began publishing their guidelines on sentence space . the 1969 edition of the chicago manual of style included two spaces between sentences in manuscript text ; by the 2003 edition this had changed to single sentence text for professional editing and publication . by the 1980s , the united kingdom ' s printer ' s rules ( 1983 ) had changed to double sentence text . other style guides followed suit by the 1990s . even by the turn of the 21st century , the majority of style guides still continued to state that only one word space is allowed between sentences . many style guides provide standards and guidelines for the english language . these standards are important to writers since " almost all book editors work closely with one of them when preparing a manuscript for publication . " recent editions of some style guides , such as the oxford style guide ( 2003 ) in the united kingdom and the chicago manual of style ( 2010 ) in the united states , provide guidelines for a wide range of writing and editing techniques , including sentence space . the majority of style guides also prescribe the use of one word space for individual words in both draft work and documents . a few style guides recommend double sentence spacing for manuscript work , and the gregg style manual provides recommendations for manuscript and single sentence text based on reader preference . some style guides do not currently provide guidance on this subject , because " it fails to allow double sentences here . " these standards themselves set the current international standard of single sentence text . the european union ' s interinsti##tutional style guide ( 2008 ) states that single - spaced is to be used for all the official languages — in all countries . for the english language , the european union ' s english style guide ( 2010 ) states that sentences are always single @ - @ spaced . the australian manual : for writers , publishers and publishers ( 2007 ) , first published in 1966 by the federal government printing office of australia , states that only variable spaced is used for " single @ - @ spaced , " and that " tools for word processing and desktop publishing allow more efficient , flexible writing , but this use of variable spaced is best avoided because it can create more noise on the page . " other languages not governed by an official language council may have their style guides — , some of which may be sentence spaced . this is the case in the united kingdom . the british language council ( 2003 ) and the british medical research council ' s mhra style guide ( 2002 ) state that only single sentences should be used . in canada , both the english and french language editions of the canadian manual , the guide to writing and reading ( 1997 ) , mention single sentence spaced . in the united states , some style guides — such as the national manual of english ( 2003 ) — mention only single sentence spaced . the most recent style guide for italy , il nuovo manuale di italia ( 2009 ) , does not mention sentence spaced , but the guida di studio italiano ( 2010 ) , the style manual for microsoft windows , advises users to use single sentence spaced " instead of the variable spaced used in the united states " . = = = = style = = = = = some languages , such as french and german , have academies that publish style guides . their rules generally concern grammar and syntax as opposed to that of spelling . language guides are particularly important for french speakers , as their rules are spelling rules . for example , the academie francaise publishes the dictionnaire de l ' academie francaise for french speakers only . the 1992 edition does not provide guidance on sentence spaced , but uses single @ - @ - @ - @ spaced , — consistent with standard english usage . the spanish edition is similar . the most important organization of the federation of spanish language academies , the real academia espanola , publishes the diccionario de la lengua espanola , which is regarded as authoritative for the spanish language academy . the 2001 edition does not provide sentence spaced guidance, which is itself double - space . the german language manual empfehlungen des bases der deutsche rechtschreibung ( " rules of the rules for german spelling " ) ( 2006 ) does not address sentence length . the manual itself uses double space for english spelling . however , the duden , the german spelling manual most widely used in europe , states that double sentence length is an option . = = = style = = = = a few reference books address sentence length , but the space between sentences is unnecessary in itself . others do not . style guides may address the space and the actual length of sentences — but not the space between sentences . however , most reference style guides are intended for general use and point directly to mla style guides for the details of the style . for example , the complete teacher ' s guide to grammar and spelling ( 2005 ) points directly to style guides such as the mla style guide for details in general , and for many other " spelling books " . the spelling bible ( 2004 ) states that " the mla manual of english spelling is by no means complete . a book that covers all the rules would have to be of great length and depth and anyone interested in such a book is required to consult the mla manual of style . " = = = = = = in the modern world , space between sentences is handled in many different ways by different computer systems . some systems control what the user writes , while others attempt to control the text , or limit the text , as a means of editing it . the @ - @ computer word processors , and other systems such as troff and tex , allow users to edit sentences in a way normally only available to human users . the text editing system in emacs uses a double space and a line to mark the end of sentences correctly ; the double space also causes problems with filling in sentences that contain words . how emacs marks the end of a sentence is indicated by the commands : @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ end and sentence @ - @ end . the tex language also uses this method ; however , it is not possible to edit ( add to , modify , edit ) short sentences in both emacs and tex . the computer editing program troff uses double space to mark the end of a sentence . this allows the user to distinguish sentence parts from words and to createthem ##ing . earlier versions of troff , which all looked at the same ##s , would also have a second space between sentences , which was chosen based on the combination of the space and the line length . microsoft windows does not display text as by text , but the spell ##er can be used to indicate a fixed number of spaces between sentences . in most google chrome @ - @ space platforms , including android and ios , the two spaces between a sentence are automatically set to indicate the length of the sentence , and a space is automatically set . however , only one space is allowed . these spaces are allowed by default on all world wide web platforms , regardless of whether they are associated with letters or words . there are properties for terminal space , such as the all - @ - @ space character , and the < pre > property . microsoft includes no space in their input on their website . it also includes some additional block characters which are not collapsed , such as an em space , an em space , and a black @ - @ point space . some unicode block characters are also not displayed on the screen . = = = = = peter felici , author of the oxford dictionary of style , states that the issue of double spaced is " the debate that needs to end . . . after all my years of thinking and writing , that ' s probably the debate i hear most of , and a fan of the debate will find books written on the web " . this topic is still being debated today . many writers are opposed to double sentence spaced for various reasons . some state that the practice of quote spaced is too deeply rooted to date . others argue that the space between sentences affects the quality and clarity of text . proponents of double sentence spacing also claim that some publishers will not accept double @ - @ spaced manuscript titles from publishers . a common font used is the screenwriting industry ' s monospaced font for the ##s , [UNK] , and @ - @ space characters , although some experts on screenwriting state that it is not really – . [UNK] should be preferred . some other sources state also that writers should follow their own style guidelines , but proponents of double spacing argue that others ' guidance takes precedence , especially those that advocate for double - spaced manuscripts . one of the most common arguments against double sentence spacing is that it is used for monospaced versions of the bible , and is no longer compatible with modern proportional font . historically , proportional font ##s incompatible with double sentence spa##cing for centuries before the internet , and writing for centuries after its invention . when the method was first introduced , publishers were most often expected to use three spaces between sentences . this later shifted to two spaces , and the print size remained largely in the @ , @ - @ - range . some sources also state it is acceptable for monospaced text to be double spaced only , although some sources continue to use double spaced for monospaced text . the three space reading method has been adopted in writing and reading schools , and that remains the case in most countries . some raise concerns that children will eventually be required to learn how to type . most style guides state that double sentence reading is acceptable for scholarly , scholarly writing only , and many publishers require manuscripts to be scanned before they will appear in print — double - spaced . some sources typically state that the publisher removes the spaces before publishing manuscripts , although other sources state that they may use techniques to remove the spaces before their publication . = = research in reading and writing = = claims disagree about the effectiveness and effectiveness of the single and double spaced reading methods — by proponents of both methods . proponents of double spaced state that compliance with the gold standard in newspapers , magazines , and the internet improves reading , that double spaced works better on text with shorter length , and that the " valleys " and " valleys " created by double spaced improve reading . supporters of double spaced reading argue that the extra space between sentences enhances reading by creating more spaces between sentences and making them appear more clear , especially given the relatively small extra space between a sentence and a line . however , these claims are often disputed with little truth or fact . " opinions are not always unanimous as to quality of text " , and when scientific studies are conducted , the reports — especially those of experts — can turn out to be misleading . text that appears blank ( or not at first glance ) can be found to significantly improve reading performance when subjected to close scrutiny . = = = = = = = early studies of double spaced include those of loh , branch , shewanown , and ali ( 2002 ) ; clinton , chen , holschuh , and shewanown ( 2003 ) ; and clinton , branch , and ali ( 2004 ) , with results being neither single , double , nor double spaced . the 2002 study compared participants ' reading speedfor single and double - space versions of on @ - @ and text . the authors stated that " the ' double space group ' group took more time to read than the ' single space ' group " and concluded that " there was not sufficient evidence to suggest that a significant difference existed . " the 2003 and 2004 studies of on @ - @ used single , double , and triple space . in both studies , the authors stated that there was insufficient evidence to reach a conclusion . li , li , wang , and wang conducted a second study in 2009 using the # ##s . the authors stated that the " results provide strong evidence that reading and writing differ significantly among the amounts of space between them " .