= krak des chevalier = krak des chevalier ( french pronunciation : [ kʁak de ʃəvaˈlje ] ; arabic : حصن الفرسان ) , also crac des chevalier , hosn al @ - @ akrad ( حصن الاكراد ) , or alhsn , or crac de l ' ospital , is a ruined castle in lebanon and one of the most well preserved crusader castles in the world . the castle was first built in the 10th century by a contingent of arab mercenaries sent there by the mirdasids ; as a result it became known as hisn al @ - @ akrad , meaning the " castle of the chevalier " . in 1142 it was given by raymond iv , count of tripoli , to the knights hospitaller . it remained in their hands until it fell in 1271 . it became known as crac de l ' ospital ; the name krak des chevalier was revived in the 19th century . the hospitallers began building the castle in the 1140s and were expelled in 1170 when an earthquake destroyed the castle . the crusaders built a number of castles within the borders of the principality of tripoli , a principality established after the first crusade . krak des chevalier was among the most important , and served as a seat of government as well as a military base . when the second phase of construction was completed in the 13th century , krak des chevalier became a defensive ring . this expansion expanded the outer bailey and gave the castle its present shape . the first half of the century has been described as krak des chevalier ' " golden age " . at its peak , krak des chevalier had a garrison of around 2 @ , @ 000 . having a large garrison allowed the hospitallers to receive supplies from a large area . from the 1250s the fortunes of the knights hospitaller took a turn for the worse and in 1271 mamluk sultan baibars captured krak des chevalier after a siege of three months , apparently by means of a secret message received from the hospitallers ' grand master that caused the defenders to flee . french interest in lebanese castles in the 19th century led to the construction of krak des chevalier , and various plans were drawn up . by the late 19th and early 20th century a wall had been built around the castle , causing damage to the structure . the last inhabitants were expelled in 1933 and the castle was handed over to the french state, which carried out a programme of construction and reconstruction . when syria declared independence in 1946 , france took over . today , a village called al @ - @ husn stands around the castle and has a population of about 800 @ , @ 000 . krak des chevalier is located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) east of the city of homs , close to the border of lebanon , and is administratively part of the homs governorate . since 2006 , the ruins of krak des chevalier and qal ' at - al @ - @ , have been listed by unesco as a world heritage site . it was heavily damaged during the syrian civil war from 2011 : the full extent of the damage is unknown , but there have been reports of its demolition . = = = = = the modern arabic word for a castle is kalaa ( قلعة ) , and krak des chavaliers is known as simply " hosn " ( حصن ) , or " castle " . this derives from the name of an earlier castle on the same hill , hosn al @ - @ akrad ( حصن الاكراد ) , or " castle of the king " . it was called by the crusaders le crat and , in possible connection with karak ( lebanon ) , le crac . crat is probably the french translation of akrad , the word for fortress . after the knights hospitaller took possession of the castle , it became known as crac de l ' ospital ; the term crac des chevalier ( also spelled krak de chevalier ) was coined by guillaume rey in the 16th century . = = = = = the castle sits on a 650 @ - @ - @ - @ high ( 650 @ , @ + ft ) hill north of damascus , syria , overlooking the homs gap . on the other side of the gap , 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) away , is the 800 @ - @ high gibelacar castle . the road through the strategically important homs gap connects the cities of damascus and homs . to the north of the gap is the jebel ansariyah , and to the south tripoli . the surrounding area was fertile , benefited from mountains and fresh water . compared to the kingdom of jerusalem , the other crusader states had little land available for fortification ; however , the surrounding hills of tripoli were 800 @ - @ suited to fortified construction . land around the city of tripoli , granted to the knights templar by the1140s , between the castle of the pilgrims , the villages of rafanea and montferrand , and the buqai ' ah pass between homs and damascus . homs was still under muslim control , and the area around the castle of the pilgrims was vulnerable to attack from the east . while its location caused the crusaders difficulty with regard to defending their position , it also meant homs was close enough for them to attack . because of the castle ' s protection of the pilgrims , it became the crusaders ' most important stronghold in the region . = = = = = according to the @ - @ @ arab historian ibn shaddad , the mirdasid emir of aleppo , shibl al @ - @ dawla , established a camp of arab refugees at the site of the current castle in 1031 ad , hence the castle ' s arabic name " hisn al @ - @ akrad " ( castle of the pilgrims ) . the castle was strategically located at the southern end of the jibal al @ - @ alawiyin mountain range and on the road between homs and damascus . when building castles , crusaders often chose strategic locations such as hills and mountains that were natural landmarks . in may 1099 during the march to jerusalem during the first crusade , the army of raymond i of tripoli came under attack from the defenders of hisn al @ - @ akrad , the castle of the krak , who attacked raymond ' s forces . the following month raymond returned to the castle and found it abandoned . the crusaders again attacked the castle in december of the same year but abandoned it when they began their march towards jerusalem . christian rule ended in 1110 when baldwin , prince of jerusalem took possession of the castle . the original site was very different from the crusader site and no trace of this original castle remains on the site . the origins of the knights hospitaller are unknown , but the order probably originated in the 1070s in france . they began as a religious order which cared for the sick , and also looked after pilgrims to the holy land . with the news of the first crusade ##s reaching jerusalem in 1099 , the crusaders gave their extensive lands in the area to the order of st john . initial donations were to the newly formed kingdom of jerusalem , but over time the order extended its influence to the crusader territories of the principality of antioch and the principality of antioch . evidence suggests that in the 1130s the order became wealthy when fulk , king of jerusalem , granted the newly built castle atbethgibelin to the crusaders in 1136 . a papal document from between 1139 and 1143 may indicate the crusaders sent troops to defend tripoli . there were also other military orders , such as the knights templar , which provided protection to tripoli . between 1142 and 1144 raymond ii , count of tripoli , granted the order lands in the area . according to historian john nur @ - @ din , the hospitallers had established a " palatinate " around tripoli . the palatinate provided fortifications with which the hospitallers were able to defend themselves . along with krak des chevalier , the hospitallers were given several other castles on the borders of the city which allowed the order to defend the castle . the count ' s agreement with raymond ii was that if he did not send members of the order on crusade , the castle went exclusively to the knights , and if he did , it was divided equally between the crusaders and the knights . raymond ii could also not make peace with the muslims without the support of the hospitallers . the hospitallers made krak des chevalier a center of power for their new territory , starting work on the castle that would make it one of the most important crusader castles in the world . after building the castle in 1142 , they began building a new castle to replace the old crusader castle . this construction lasted until 1170 , when an earthquake destroyed the castle . an arab chronicle states that the earthquake destroyed the castle ' s chapel , which was replaced by the new one . in 1163 the crusaders were victorious against nur @ @ - @ din in the battle of al @ - @ buqaia near krak des chevalier . earthquake ##s between 1175 and 1180 forced the crusaders to sign a 20 @ - @ years agreement with the muslims , but without being included in the agreement . during the 1180s raids by crusaders and muslims into each other ' s territory became more frequent . in 1180 , baldwin marched into the city of tripoli , devastating the area . unable to engage him in open battle , the crusaders retreated to the relative safety of their castle . without defending the castle , baldwin could not regain control of the area , and as he retreated the hospitallers were unable to repair their damaged castle . the battle of hattin in 1187 was a major defeat for the crusaders : guy of lusignan , king of jerusalem , was captured , as was the jerusalem cross , a treasure lost during the first crusade . king guy ordered the execution of the captured crusaders and hospitaller commander , and wasthe role of the castle was in uniting the crusader states . following the earthquake , the hospitaller castles of acre , belvoir , and bethgibelin fell to muslim forces . following these events , the crusade focused its attention on the fortifications of acre . in may 1188 raymond sent an army to capture krak des chevalier , but upon reaching the castle , it was too poorly defended and he marched on the hospitaller castle of margat , which he also failed to capture . another earthquake occurred in 1202 , and it may have been after this earthquake that the castle was remodelled . the 1 @ - @ century , was the longest period of construction at krak des chevalier and gave it its present appearance . the curtain stone wall was built between 1142 and 1170 ; the stone walls formed the castle ' s inner court or courtyard . if there was a ring of walls around the inner court that pre @ - @ dated the present castle site , no trace of it has been found . the first half of the 13th century has been described as krak des chevalier ' " golden age " . when other crusader states came under attack , krak des chevalier and its garrison of 1 @ , @ 000 men defended the surrounding area . it was also the capital of a region which remained in muslim hands until 1271 and was the only major european fortress to be still under crusader control during this period . crusaders who passed through the area would often stop at the castle , and to collect tribute . king andrew ii of hungary visited in 1218 and called the castle the " capital of the crusader states " . he was so impressed with the castle that he paid a yearly tribute of 100 sous to the knights and 200 to the crusaders . geoffroy de joinville , father of the great hero of the crusade jean de joinville , died at krak des chevalier in 1203 or 1204 and was buried in the castle ' s courtyard . the earliest historical documents relating to krak des chevalier are of arabic origin and appear to record crusader victories in fighting battles against the crusaders although they indicate that the knights hospitaller forced the rulers of hama and homs to pay tribute to the crusaders . this tribute lasted as long as raymond ' s forces fought among themselves . the proximity of krak des chevalier to crusader territory allowed it to take on an important role , serving as a base from which other settlements could be attacked . by 1203 the castle was conducting raids on montferrand( which was under crusader control ) and hama , and in 1207 and 1208 the castle ' s garrison took part in an attack on homs . krak des chevalier served as a base for expeditions to hama in 1230 and 1233 when the crusaders refused to pay tribute . the attack was unsuccessful , but the 1233 expedition was a show of force that demonstrated the importance of krak des chevalier . in the 1250s , the fortunes of the hospitallers at krak des chevalier took a turn for the worse . a crusader army estimated to number 20 @ , @ 000 men ravaged the area around the castle in 1252 after which the order ' s fortunes declined significantly . in 1268 , hugh herbert noted that the castle , once home to about 10 @ , @ 000 men , now lay empty and that the order ' s estates in the kingdom of jerusalem produced little income . he also noted that at this time there were about half of the order ' s soldiers left in the castle . on the crusader side , in 1260 baibars became sultan of egypt , following his defeat of the egyptian sultan qutuz , and went on to conquer egypt and syria . as a result , the tribes that had previously paid tribute to the hospitallers at krak des chevalier no longer felt pressured into doing so . baibars moved into the area around krak des chevalier in 1270 and ordered his soldiers to keep their weapons in the area around the castle . when he received all that news of the first crusade led by king louis ix of france , baibars left for france to avoid further conflict . when louis died in 1271 baibars returned to france with krak des chevalier . as they marched on the castle the crusaders attacked the christian villages in the area , including chastel castle . on 1 may , baibars ' army arrived at krak des chevalier . by the time the crusaders arrived on the scene , the castle may already have been occupied by mamluk ##s for several days . of the three written accounts of the battle , one is known , that of ibn shaddad , although he was not present at the battle . those who lived in the village had fled to the castle for safety and were housed in the castle bailey . as soon as baibars arrived he brought weapons , the same weapons which he would later use in the battle . in a passing reference to the defensive wall within the castle ' s walls , ibn shaddad records thattwo days later the first line of defence fell to the crusaders . this ended the siege , and on 28 march , just north of krak des chevalier , baibar ' s forces destroyed a small tower , protected by a wooden gate . on 29 march , the crusaders attacked a gate to the northeast , causing it to collapse whereupon baibars ' forces advanced through the courtyard . in the outer ward they attacked the defenders who had taken refuge in the castle . after the outer ward had fallen , with a part of the garrison killed in the fighting , the attackers retreated to the more secure inner ward . after a lull of several days , the sultan sent a letter to the crusaders , supposedly from the grand master of the knights hospitaller of jerusalem , which gave permission for them to retreat . although the letter was a hoax , the garrison surrendered and the crusaders lost their lives . the new owners of the castle made improvements , focusing mainly on the inner ward . the hospitaller chapel was converted to a mosque and two towers were added to the walls . = = = = = = after the franks were expelled from the holy land in 1291 , french interest with the history of the crusades declined . it was not until the 19th century that interest in these castles was revived , although there are no surviving examples from before 1837 . guillaume rey was the first french person to seriously study the castles of the holy land . in 1871 he published the book notes sur les elements de l ' etat militaire des croises en syrie et dans l ' ile de chypre ; it included descriptions and drawings of the various crusader castles in france , including krak des chevalier . in many cases his drawings are accurate , and for krak des chavaliers they contain details which have since been lost . henri deschamps visited the castle in january 1927 . since rey had died in the 19th century a community of elderly people had been living in the castle . poor conditions had affected the castle : the floors had been used as rubbish , and in some places the walls had partially collapsed . deschamps and his assistant francois martin managed to clear some of the rubble ; engineer maurice gamelin employed some alawite workers to assist . deschamps died in february 1927 , and work ceased when he retired two years later . the result of deschamp ' s work on the castle was the publication of les fortifications des croises en terre sainte ##s : les chateau##ac ##me chevalier in 1934 , with detailed notes by him . the work has been widely acclaimed , described as " remarkable and remarkable " by the historian w . h . cathcart , in 1949 and " perhaps the best account of the construction and maintenance of a major crusader castle ever written " by sir hugh williams in 1994 . as early as 1929 there were suggestions that the castle should be placed under french control . on 1 may 1933 krak des chevalier was taken into the possession of the french state , and cared for by the academie de l @ - @ francais . the owners were compensated and granted f1 ##0 to them in 1946 . over the next two decades a programme of excavation and restoration was carried out by a team of french archaeologists . when completed , krak des chevalier became one of the major tourist attractions in the southern levant . maurice coupel , who had done similar work on the stations of the cross and the crusader castle at acre , supervized the site . despite the reports , no further excavations were carried out . the french mandate of syria and lebanon , which had been established in 1920 , ended in 1946 with the proclamation of syrian independence . the castle was declared a world heritage site by unesco , along with qal ’ ##0 ##h ##l @ - @ arab , in 2006 , and is administered by the syrian government . many of the castle ' s former owners built their houses around the castle and a village called al @ - @ husn has since emerged . many of the al @ - @ husn ' s over 1 @ , @ 000 + inhabitants earn ##ted from the income generated by the castle . = = = syrian civil war = = = during the syrian civil war which began in 2011 , villagers expressed concern that the conflict would lead to the destruction of other historical sites such as krak des chevalier . it has been reported that the castle was attacked in march 2012 by the syrian arab army , and the castle itself has been damaged . the castle was reported to have been hit in july 2013 by an airstrike during the battle of homs , and then again on the 4th of august 2013 it was again hit but the extent of damage is unknown . the syrian arab army captured the castle and the village of al @ - @ hosn from syrian forces on september 11 , 2014 , although the extent of damage from the f1 ##s is unknown . = = = = = writing in the early 20th century , t . e . lawrence , better known as t of arabia , remarked that krakdes chevalier is " perhaps the best preserved and almost completely original castle in the world , [ a fact which ] is a fitting description on the account of the great conquest of syria " . castles in europe provided both protection for their owners and as centers of defence ; in the levant the need for defence was paramount and was reflected in their design . kennedy writes that " the castle was designed as a siege castle ... reached its height with great success at margat and crac ##q dunes . " krak des chevalier can be described first as a circular castle , due to its size , and after the 13th @ - @ century as a fully fledged concentric castle . it is similar in form and size to vadum castle , a crusader castle built in the early 1170s . margat has also been described as krak des chevalier ' s castle . the main building material of krak des chevalier was stone ; the stone ##work is so fine that the foundation is hardly visible . at the castle ' s entrance was a " walled suburb " known as a burgus , no trace of which remains . to the north of the inner ward was a rocky hill and the crusaders may have begun to build defensive walls and towers around it . it is unclear how it was constructed at the time of the 1271 siege , but it has been suggested it was protected by a stone wall . north of the castle the hill on which it stands is connected to the coastal spur , so that larger ships can land on higher ground . the outer defences were strongest at this point , with a pair of towers protected by a stone wall . = = = inner ward = = = between 1142 and 1170 the knights hospitaller undertook a building project on the site . the castle was surrounded by a double curtain wall , with two towers which rose high . the main entrance was through two towers on the west side , and there was a single gate on the east side . in the middle was a courtyard flanked by two towers . the fertility of the land determined the castle ' s overall shape . a valley with abundant vegetation provided a good location for its construction and the slopes provided krak des chevalier with protection on all sides except south , where the castle ' s walls were strongest . this phase of construction was incorporated into the original castle ' s design . when krak des chevalier was remodelled in the 13th century , the walls of the inner ward were built . they replaced the original walls, with a wide space between them to the north and south which was turned into a moat from which archers could return fire . in this way , the walls were protected by a gently sloping glacis which provided some protection against enemy siege engines and infantry . two large , square towers rise up from the glacis ; they were used as barracks for the knights of the order , numbering 300 at its height . the southwest wing was built to be the residence of the grand master of the knights hospitaller . although the towers which originally formed the walls of the outer ward no longer exist in many places , it appears that they did not exist for the entire castle . they are absent from the southwest wing . the space between the inner ward and the outer ward was open and was used for storage . to the north , where the walls were thicker , there was an underground cistern fed by an aqueduct . this served both as a sewer and water supply for the castle . at the northern end of the inner ward is a ditch and at the southern end is an alley . the ditch is elevated above the rest of the castle ; the open area around it would have provided drainage and could have served as shelter and protection from attackers . in the centre of the courtyard is the chapel of the order . although probably first built in the 12th century , the chapel dates from the = @ - @ later remodelling . the exterior and interior decoration is a fine example of gothic architecture , probably dating from the 1230s . = = = = = = = the original chapel was probably built to replace the chapel destroyed by an earthquake in 1170 . only the west wall of the original chapel , which included the altar , and a small part of the north wall survive from the original chapel . the original chapel had a barrel vault and an external wall ; this structure would have been considerably larger by medieval standards in france , and bears resemblance to that of the 1186 chateau margat . it is divided into three roughly square sections . a corridor runs through the building at the point where the roof ends and the wall begins . oriented from east to west , it is 8 @ . @ 21 metres ( 69 ft ) long and 8 @ . @ 8 metres ( 26 ft ) wide with the main entrance from the south and a much smaller entrance from the north side . when the castle was remodelled in the late 15th century , the chapel was moved to the south wall . theit was lit by windows at the entrance , one at the west end , one on each side of the central bay , and one on the south side of the central bay , and the one at the east end had a single window . in 1935 a small chapel was built over the chapel ' s main entrance , but it no longer exists . = = = outer walls = = = the first phase of building work undertaken by the hospitallers began in the early 12th century and 13th centuries . the outer walls were built during the first building phase on the site , giving the krak des chevalier its present appearance . at 9 metres ( 30 ft ) high , the outer walls had towers that projected out from the walls . while the towers of the inner walls had a square shape and did not extend far beyond the walls , the towers of the first @ - @ or outer walls were round . this design was unusual and most other crusader castles did not have round towers . the design was used at chateau gaillard in normandy by richard the lionheart between 1196 and 1198 . the tower to the north was of better quality than the rest of the castle and was built at an unknown date . sometime in the 1250s a tower was added to the north wall . arrow slits between the walls and towers were made to increase the amount of open ground in the courtyard . towers topped the walls , offering attackers a chance to shoot arrows towards towers at the top of the walls . they were told that they would have time to get through them . the early fortifications were unusual : those at krak des chevaliers were less elaborate that those at el - margat and there were no similar designs amongst crusader castles . however , they bear resemblance to later structures , such as the crusader fortifications of the siege of acre . it is unclear which one was the earliest , and the date they were moved to krak des chevalier is unknown , but it did provide opportunity for the exchange of defensive information between the muslim and christian communities . these walls were connected by a short @ - @ , known as the chemin de ronde . in the words of historian hugh williams the defences of the outer walls were " the most sophisticated and sophisticated fortifications in the middle ages . . . the whole castle was a beautifully designed and well constructed siege machine " . when the outer walls were rebuilt in the 13th century the main entrance was rebuilt . a long staircase led out from the outer walls to the courtyard . the walls had a largeand right along its length , making it an example of a bent entrance . bent entrances were a common practice , whereas that at krak des chevalier was a more unusual one . it stretched for 137 metres ( 450 ft ) , and along its length were numerous @ - @ , which allowed defenders to attack attackers with arrows . anyone going straight through rather than taking the right route would fill in the gap between the castle ' s two lines of walls . to reach the outer bailey , the wall had to be followed closely . = = = = = = = despite its overall byzantine appearance , the chapel is one of the few places where byzantine art ( in the form of frescoes ) has been found . in 1935 , 1955 , and 1978 , frescoes were discovered at krak des chevalier where the red and white @ - @ air - dried . the frescoes were painted on the walls and ceilings of the main chapel and the wall inside the main chapel , which no longer exists . writing in 1982 , archaeologist jaroslav folda noted that at the time there had been no study of byzantine art that would provide a basis for the original frescoes found at krak des chevalier . those inside the chapel were painted on the walls from the 1170 – 1202 periods . dust , dirt , and water had made it difficult to date the frescoes . the incomplete nature of the red and white murals inside the chapel means they are difficult to date . the frescoes on the walls of the chapel depict the sacrifice of jesus in the temple .