= the importance of being earnest = the importance of being earnest , a musical comedy for young people is a play by oscar wilde . first performed on 1 april 1895 at the st james ' s theatre in london , it is a musical comedy in which the characters use the personæ to fulfill their social obligations . set against the social conventions of late victorian england , the play ' s central themes are the way with which society depicts others as well as themselves , and the subsequent rejection of their ways . contemporary critics generally praised the play ' s humour , though some were critical of its apparent rejection of social conventions , while others challenge the general view that it was the pinnacle of wilde ' s successful career thus far . its comic quality and witty tone has helped make the importance of being earnest wilde ' s most commercially successful play . the play twelfth night marked the peak of wilde ' s career but also marked his downfall . the duchess of queensberry , whose husband lord alfred douglas was wilde ' s patron , threatened to present the audience with a basket of forbidden fruit and boycott the theatre . wilde was sent off and queensberry was refused entry . shortly afterwards their dispute came to a head in paris , where wilde ' s true private life was revealed to the general public and he was eventually sentenced to imprisonment . his imprisonment caused the play , despite its commercial success , to be banned after three performances . after his release , wilde published the letter from paris in 1897 , but he wrote no further comedies or dramatic works . the importance of being earnest has been revived several times since its premiere . it has been adapted for the stage on several occasions . in the importance of being earnest ( 1952 ) , dame edith evans made her celebrated portrayal of lady bracknell ; the importance of being earnest ( 1992 ) by kurt russell included an all @ - @ @ dialogue ; and evan parker ' s the importance of being earnest ( 2002 ) had some of wilde ' s original dialogue recorded during the run of the original london production . = = = = = following the success of wilde ' s plays lady windermere ' s fan and a man of no importance , wilde ' s family encouraged him to write more plays . in june 1894 wilde presented his idea for the importance of being earnest to george herbert , the all @ - @ @ of the st james ' s theatre . he spent the summer with his family in worthing , where he completed the play early in 1895 . his career was at its peak , wilde using the working title of theto avoid pre @ - @ emptive censorship of its content . many characters and ideas in the play were taken from people or places the author had known ; lady queensberry , lord john russell ' s wife , for example , lived in bracknell . there is general agreement among theatre historians that the most important influence on the play was w . s . gilbert ' s 1877 play hamlet ; wilde borrowed from gilbert not only the lines but , in alan bennett ' s words " the purity of language demanded of many of his plays " . wilde continually revised the play over the next decade : no line was left out , and " for a playwright so concerned with standard ##ity and style , [ the revision ] had profound consequences " . john eltis described wilde ' s writing as a fine artist at design : the earliest , earliest , drafts of the play # ##ed with light , clever dialogue , witty dialogue and unexpected plot twists . in addition , he wrote , " wilde transformed the language into the more complex and complex language which drives today ' s play " . richard ellmann suggests that wilde had reached his creative peak and wrote this play more carefully and quickly than gilbert . wilde set about showing the play to audiences , fearing that it would be unsuitable for the st james ' s theatre , whose theatrical repertoire was more varied , and claiming that it had been written in response to a request for a play " with a more serious character " . when st james ' s and domville appeared , alexander wrote to wilde and began to work on his script . wilde did his own script preparation , consulting the actors on each scene and recording the dialogue with a grand piano . in the course of these preparations alexander persuaded wilde to cut the play from four acts to three . wilde expanded and revised parts of the second and third acts . the major change was the removal of the character of mr . gribsby , a barrister who comes from london to represent the character " ernest " ( i . e . , jack ) for his own legal fees . algernon , who is known as " ernest " , will be sent back to holloway prison unless he pays his bill properly . jack reluctantly agrees to work for ernest , everyone believing that it is algernon ' s doing when in fact it is his own . the three @ - @ act structure was first used on the bbc in a bbc broadcast and is still regularly broadcast . john raby suggests that the three @ - @ act structureis very good , and that the new verse version is more visually pleasing than the original stage version . = = = = = = = = = = = = the play was first performed at the st james ' s theatre on valentine ' s day 1895 . it was bitterly cold when wilde appeared , in " perfect style " , in a red coat . the audience , according to one account , " included old friends of the large and small , including prime ministers and privy councillors , as well as actors , writers , artists , and musicians " . allan aynesworth , who played algernon moncrieff , wrote to hesketh pearson that " in my twenty @ - @ - years of life , i cannot remember a better night than [ that ] first night " . aynesworth called himself " handsome and charming " , and wilde , who played jack worthing , " charming " . the cast included : jack worthing , j . b . — , and algernon moncrieff — allan aynesworth rev . henry wilson , d . d . — rev . dr . vincent merriman — alexander dyall sir — j . de peile lady bracknell — de leclercq hon . gwendolen fairfax — irene douglas cecily cardew — evelyn millard lady mary — hon . george canninge the duke of queensberry , the brother of wilde ' s friend , alfred douglas ( who was on leave in india at the time ) , had attempted to sabotage the production by throwing a bouquet of red flowers at the actor when he took his seat at the end of the play . wilde and douglas learned of the plot , and the duke interrupted queensberry ' s performance and called for him to make his entrance . however , he continued attacking wilde , and then brought a libel suit against the actor for criminal libel , and a series of lawsuits resulted in wilde ' s conviction for gross misconduct . he tried , unsuccessfully , to save the theatre by removing wilde ' s name from the credits , but the production had to close after only three performances . the play ' s first london production opened at the broadway theatre on 10 april 1895 , and closed after six performances . the cast included william faversham as algy , henry irving as arthur , mary anderson as gwendolen , and constance vernon as lady bracknell . the australian premiere opened in melbourne on 17 april 1895 , directed by dion boucicault, . . and mary brough , and the play was an immediate success . wilde ' s success in britain did not match the success of his work in america . = = = = = = = = in contrast to the theatre of the time , the importance of being earnest ' s light comedy did not address serious social and political issues , something of which many critics were unaware . although skeptical of wilde ' s abilities as a playwright , they praised the play ' s wit , humour and popularity with audiences . george bernard shaw , for example , praised the play in the saturday review , saying that audiences should look as well as touch , " to come to the theatre to be introduced to it . " also in a review he wrote , the play , although " very funny " , was wilde ' s " only truly good [ play ] " . in the spectator , william morris wrote that he had enjoyed reading the play but found it to be devoid of meaning , " what can a theatre critic do with a play which has no knowledge , whether of art or science , only its own rules and rules , and is nothing but an extremely pure work of an irrepressibly comic spirit ? " in the spectator , j . b . walkley praised the play and was one of those to place it at the pinnacle of wilde ' s literary career . he thought the term " comedy " was inappropriate , or simply lacking in meaning , and that " it is of them utter nonsense , and such as , i fear , our theatre has never produced . " h . g . wells , in an anonymous review for the boston mall ##ard , called it one of the best plays of the period , and " more amusing than with serious matters it would be hard to imagine . " he also questioned whether audiences would ever understand its importance , " . . . how seriously they should take this light comedy , for their entertainment ##s to be enjoyed . no . . . " the play was so good @ - @ hearted that some critics compared it to comic poetry rather than drama . w . h . lawrence later called it " a good light comedy " , and the times wrote , " the play is far too good to be without meaning . " john murray , in sights and sounds ( 1959 ) , disagreed , and while finding the play very funny , would call it " a comic tragedy " ; " it is the one and the only thing . " the importance of being earnest gave the' s most successful , and one frequently revised . max alexander called the play wilde ' s " best , and certainly his best " , writing that among his best characters — was windermere ' s wife , a woman of great beauty and an ideal ##ist — the plot , in the style of victorien sardou , is faithful to the spirit of the play , but in it the story is " transformed " into the story of the lovers . = = = = = = = until after wilde ' s death in 1900 his reputation was low , and few read , let alone performed , his play in public . alexander revived the play at a small theatre in notting hill , in the west end , in 1901 ; in the following year he took the play on tour , appearing at worthing with a cast including the young lilian braithwaite as cecily . the play returned to the west end when he presented a revival at the st james ' s in 1902 . further productions were presented in 1902 and again in 1910 , each production running for six months . a collected edition of wilde ' s plays , published in 1908 and edited by edmund wilson , helped to establish his reputation as an author . wilde directed a revival of the production of the st james ' s in 1909 , when he and aynesworth reprised their original roles ; the production ran for 316 performances . max alexander wrote that the play was destined to become a classic of the english stage , and that the material was as good now as when it had been written , and that the audience had " worn it down with the age " . for a 1913 production at the savoy theatre the young actors gerald ames and e . e . gray were the stars of jack and algy . tom deverell as jack and margaret scudamore as mrs bracknell joined the cast for a 1923 production at the haymarket theatre . subsequent productions in the first decade of the 20th century marked " the 1890s " as the golden era . it was not until the 1920s that the trend for modern theatre was reversed ; as a reviewer in the manchester guardian put it , " fifty years later , one has to agree that wilde should be dressed in the fashion of his time — that his play only has the power of the imagination that gives it life and character . … wilde ' s wit and extravagant stage style do away with the simplicity and the # ##ness . " in sir nigel playfair ' s 1930 production at the lyric , hammersmith , john gielgu##d . romeo to the lady bracknell of his novel , mabel ##le @ - @ lewis . wilde directed and starred in a production at the savoy ( now the savoy ) theatre in 1939 , with a cast that included edith evans as lady bracknell , joyce carey as gwendolen , angela baddeley as cecily and margaret rutherford as miss prism . the times called the production the best since the original , and praised it for its fidelity to wilde ' s novel , and " warm , light , @ - @ female characters . " later in the same year they produced the play again , with edith evans as algy , gwen ffrangcon @ - @ lewis as gwendolen and peggy ashcroft as cecily , with carey and rutherford repeating their respective roles . the play was revived for several years during and after the second world war , with essentially the same female cast . during a 1946 performance at the haymarket the king and queen attended a dinner , which , as the critic geoffrey wheatcroft put it , gave the play " its first moment of life . " the play toured in 1946 , and was first produced on broadway in 1947 . when wilde ' s play began to be translated and performed widely , it was the importance of being earnest that attracted the most attention . at the time of its publication the critic john lawson described it as " the second most read and understood play in english after hamlet . " for sir peter hall ' s 1982 production at the national theatre the cast included judi dench as lady bracknell , martin jarvis as romeo , nigel havers as algy , zoe caldwell as gwendolen and anna massey as miss prism . nicholas hytner ' s 1993 production at the aldwych theatre , starring maggie smith , had no objection to the more romantic subtext . in 2005 the abbey theatre , dublin , staged the play with an all @ - @ female cast ; it also featured wilde as the narrator — the play ended with him sitting in a london cafe , thinking of his wife . the roundabout theatre company staged a revival in june 2011 with geoffrey rush as lord bracknell . in 2011 the roundabout theatre company staged a new revival based on the 2009 stratford shakespeare festival production with brian bedford as romeo and as lady bracknell . it opened at the yale repertory theatre on 29 june and ran until 4 july 2011 . the cast also included jill ivey as miss prism , maggie smith as lord byron , santino fontana asalgernon , richard o ' brien as ernest , kate burton as cecily , douglas furr as john and sara topham as gwendolen . it was nominated for two tony awards . the play was first produced internationally , in australia , in december 2004 , at the sydney theatre company , and the same company transferred it to london ' s national theatre in january 2005 . = = = = = the play is set in " the country " ( i . e . 1895 ) . = = = = i = = = algernon moncrieff ' s house , # ##ord ##way , london the play opens with algernon moncrieff , an unemployed young man , visiting his old friend , ernest worthing , whom he knows as ernest . ernest has returned from the country to propose to algernon ' s sister , gwendolen fairfax . algernon , however , refuses his proposal until ernest notices that his attache case bears the inscription , " from dear cecily , with her best regards to her dear brother john . " ' ernest ' is forced to admit to living a double life . in the city , he takes a false disguise for the sake of his young fiancee , the beautiful cecily cardew , and goes by the name of jack ( or , as a pun , jack ) , while claiming that he must worry about his much younger brother , ernest in london . in the country , however , jack assumes the identity of the real ernest . algernon tells a telling lie : he happens to have an old friend named bunbury in the city , whom he must " see " whenever he wishes to discuss an important family matter . ernest decides to tell algernon the location of his country house . gwendolen and her widowed mother lady bracknell then spy on algernon and invite lady bracknell to her room while she talks to gwendolen . she agrees , but seems to dislike him , especially for his first impression of ernest . he then refers to himself to be rechristened " ernest " . joining them in this strange conversation , lady bracknell introduces jack as a possible father . horrified to learn that he was adopted after being found as a baby in a pond in the park , she rejects him and refuses any contact with her son . gwendolen , however , attempts unsuccessfully to express to him her true love . when he gives her his address in the park , algernon surre##ptitiously puts it in the pocket of his jacket : ernest ' s description of his beautiful and charming new wife has aroused his desire to marry her . = = = act ii = = = the room of the manor house , woolton cecily is dining with her friend , miss prism . algernon enters , claiming to be ernest worthing , and quickly meets cecily . being spoiled by uncle jack ' s recently widowed black haired wife , she is quick to fall for algernon in his role of ernest ( a role she , like gwendolen , is not very fond of ) . meanwhile , algernon , meanwhile , asks for the surgeon , dr . jones , to rechristen him " ernest " . jack , meanwhile , has decided to abandon his social life . he is in deep mourning and mourning his wife ' s death in spite of a severe illness , a condition aggravated by algernon ' s appearance in the role of ernest . gwendolen then arrives , having run away from home . during the brief absence of the two women , she encounters cecily , this one now believing that she is the one married to " ernest " . when jack and algernon arrive , their identities are revealed . = = = act iii = = = - @ - @ back at the manor house , woolton , in search of her husband , lady bracknell is shocked to be told that algernon and cecily are engaged . the discovery of cecily ' s trust fund also confirms lady bracknell ' s initial suspicions about the young couple ' s intentions , but the relationship is forbidden by her uncle jack : he will marry her if lady bracknell agrees to his new relationship with gwendolen — something she refuses to do . the tension is relieved by the arrival of miss prism , whom lady bracknell recognizes as the woman who , morning @ - @ many years before , as a childhood friend , had taken a little girl for a walk in the park ( by carriage ) and never returned . later , miss prism reveals that she had accidentally left the manuscript of a play she was writing , the play , and the baby in her bag , which she had left at the park . ernest opens the very same bag , revealing that she found the same baby , the infant son of lady bracknell ' s younger brother , and also that algernon ' shis brother . having achieved a celebrity status , jack is suitable as a husband for gwendolen after all . gwendolen , however , still believes that she can only marry a man named ernest . what is her husband ' s real last name ? lady bracknell tells jack that , as the first @ - @ child , he would have been named after his father , ernest moncrieff . jack searches the family tree and discovers that his father ' s name — and therefore his own last name — is in fact ernest . this was true all along . as the other characters , — jack and gwendolen , algernon and cecily , and even dr . crawford and miss crawford — lady bracknell says to her distant cousin : " my dear , you seem to be showing signs of melancholy . " " on the contrary , lady ##ie " , jack replies , " i ' ve just discovered for the first time in my life the great importance of being earnest . " = = = = = = = = = = = = arthur ransome described the play . . . as the most beautiful of wilde ' s early works , and the only one that has " that peculiar sense of the absurd by which we know the absurd . " " it is " , he wrote , " only because it is often said that it is so earnest . " ellmann argues that the importance of being earnest builds on the themes wilde had been exploring since the beginning — the plot of the play is well known and wilde used it as a starting point for the later plays . whereas jack , the ideal husband and the lover of dorian gray , relies on no single character , major - general is marked by algy ' s love for cheese ##cake . wilde told robert browning that the play ' s theme is " that we should take the good things of life very seriously , and treat the pain of love with a kind and honest heart . " the theme is hinted at in the play ' s happy ending , and " love " is frequently referred to throughout the play , algernon says in act i , " one has to be serious about something if one wants to find any happiness in it " and goes on to praise jack for ' being serious about everything ' " . drinking and gambling have dominated the private lives of dorian gray and sir henry chiltern ( also the ideal husband ) , resulting in " the lovers ' marriage ( in##gernon ' s " bunburying " and worthing ' s earnest ( or jack and ernest ) were used for playing the characters — trying to solve their social problems . while most drama of the time addressed serious social and political issues , earnest is really about nothing at all . earnest " seems to play the role " of other dramatists of the time , for george bernard shaw , who used their plays to draw attention to his plays . = = = = a matter of morality = = = the play directly references contemporary political and social issues , morality and the nature of morality in general . in victorian england this was thought to be the _ @ - @ - _ norm , originating in the attempt to educate the lower classes , and spreading to the upper classes , throughout the century . the play ' s english title , with its satirical tone ( most writers are mocked because they do not write morality comedies ) , reflects the theme , which appears in the dining room scene , " oh , but you must be serious about dinner . i know men who are so serious about dinner . it is very typical of them , " says algernon in act i ; references are numerous and from many sources . gilbert attempts both to work with and to educate the characters , both providing social commentary and moral advice . the characters practice traditional marriage customs , whereby they reveal their feelings to their prospective husbands , but the emotions they display are exaggerated , and the plot is based on an old tale of a story and a poem . when jack proposes to gwendolen during his marriage , it is for not being honest : jack : gwendolen , it is a terrible thing for a man to find out , that all his life he has been told nothing but the truth . can you blame him ? gwendolen : i cannot . for i know that you are dying to know . in addition , both gwendolen and cecily share the hope of marrying a man named ernest , a handsome and wealthy man at the time . gwendolen , while enjoying her husband ' s positive opinion of ernest worthing ' s success as a writer , puts her whole heart in his good name , declaring in act i , " the only other good name is ernest " . this is an attitude echoed by cecily in act ii , " i am the poor young woman whose husband is not called ernest " and they both admit that they have been unhappy when they find out thejack ' s real estate . wilde translated jack ' s rules and regulations directly into lady bracknell : his indifference to the details of her life has the desired effect of living in isolation . in contrast to her earlier descriptions of the subtle ##ties of london ' s social life , jack ' s true identity is never revealed . he announces himself against her " whose line ? " with the words , " the brighton line " . at the time , the station consisted of three separate , separate railway stations on the same platform . to the east was the london lc & dr line , to the west the @ @ - @ / lb & scr — the brighton line , which led to worthing , the small , sussex town the man had found out he was going to at the time ( and in which he was arrested ) . = = = = = subtext = = = it has been suggested that the play ' s themes of love and deception are somehow tied up with wilde ' s character , and that the character has become " public - @ - @ out of … sexual desire " . on his @ - @ of the play after his release from prison , wilde wrote : " it is like playing the world over . how i love to play with that private thing . " as one critic has put it , the perceived need for writers of the play to " wear a public face was a factor contributing to the political and social commentary . " the use of the word earnest may have been a code for @ - @ play . in 1892 , two years before wilde wrote the play , william gambril nicholson had published the anthology of romantic verse , free verse . the list of characters ' names includes the lines : " if they cannot ring the church bells / and cecil sings to me / they cannot play the piano / – ' s ernest in my heart . @ - @ laugh . " the name " earnest " may also have been a @ @ - @ word for music , as in : " is he gay ? " , in the same way that " is he gay ? " and " is he gay ? " were used . sir donald sinden , an actor who had directed two of the play ' s original actors ( irene dunne and allan aynesworth ) , and sir alfred douglas , wrote to the times to deny claims that " earnest " had any sexual meaning : although they had the time , " the playdid any of them ever suggest that " homosexuality " was a synonym for homosexuality , or that " bunburying " might have implied homosexual activity . the first time i heard homosexuality mentioned was in the play and i then asked sir john , whose own portrayal of lord worthing in the original play was positive and whose knowledge of gay literature was extensive . he replied in his usual manner : " - @ - @ ! ! yes , oh yes : i would have laughed " . a number of theories have also been put forward to explain the use of bunbury , and bunburying , which were used in the play to describe his homosexual social life . they may have come from lady shirley bunbury , a close friend of wilde ' s father . one theory , put forward in 1913 by aleister crowley , who knew wilde , suggested that bunbury was a synonym thereof : that wilde had once taken him to banbury , was a student there , and had a very chance meeting with him at sunbury . = = = = = = = = = use of language = = = although wilde had long been known for wit and his use of language , raby ( 1988 ) argued that wilde possessed a skill and style of writing that was surpassed by his later works , except for hamlet . while his earlier plays suffered from the ambiguity resulting from the time gap between the comic and the serious , earnest has a perfect @ - @ - ##ing that allows these to overlap . there are many different emotions expressed in the play . the mutual dislike of wilde and algernon — apparent , with algernon ' s relationship with his wife — suggesting an underlying tension in their respective personalities . the opening lines of lady bracknell are as notable for her use of language and literary devices as for her political views . in particular , the dialogue of dr . wilde and his wife is characterized as " absurd ##ity " and " absurd nonsense " . however , the play is full of nonsense and jokes . edward hastings described it as filled with " absurd ##ities — entirely unrelated to plot or character " , of which he considered about a dozen to be of the highest quality . lady bracknell ' s reply , " a joke ? " , has been called one of the bestunusual in romantic comedies , lent itself to reactions ranging from shocked and amused to outrage . edith wharton , both on stage and in the 1952 film , repeated the line , with a mixture of amusement , shock and disbelief . stockard channing , at the abbey theatre , dublin in 2010 , repeated the line , in a critic ' s review , " with a barely audible ' so what ? ' , then followed up with a sharp intake of breath . an odd line , to be sure , but with such a well @ - @ complete text , so full of characters and each with a life of their own , it ' s the little things that make the difference . " = = = = = = = = wilde introduced characters that were by now called — the poor boy , the aristocratic gentleman , the woman with a child , the beautiful young woman — his play is different than in his earlier works . miss bracknell , for example , represents simple , high @ - @ moral values , and eltis explains how her transformation " from the beautiful young woman into the quirkier and more mature woman " can be attributed to wilde ' s treatment of the characters . for the two young women , wilde created not only mere " characters " but human beings who , as he put it , " speak to their audience in well @ - @ - @ , and never in slang or old @ - @ language " . dr octopus and madame butterfly are distinguished by a few minor elements of humour , their well @ - @ - ness , and the latter ' s ernest ##ness , toned down by wilde during his later revisions of the play . = = = style and content = = = ransome argues that wilde distinguished himself by abandoning the earnest , the narrative form which characterized his earlier romantic comedies , and focusing the play instead on the frank / ernest ##ine form . thus far from " living up to a standard more serious than earnest " wilde could not express himself to a great extent with simple , bons @ - @ words , sentences and phrases that would have nothing to do with the drama at hand . the question of the value of the earnest has been much debated by scholars and critics , who have classified the play into a wide range of genres , from comedy to tragedy . in his history ofhowever , also argues that the play depicts a world where “ " things are changed [ and ] , logic and emotion are lost " . furthermore , wilde ' s use of humor references the upper class of victorian england giving the play a darker tone . reinhart also argues that the use of black comedy to reference the upper class " defines the play both as comedy and as satire " . = = = = = = = = first publication = = = wilde ' s two final plays , the ideal husband and the importance of being earnest , were still on sale in london at the time of his death , and they were soon withdrawn when the details of his death became public . after two years in prison with hard labour , wilde went into exile in paris , beaten and broken , his reputation ruined in england . in 1898 , when no @ - @ one else would , john smithers negotiated with wilde to publish the two final comedies . wilde proved to be a good friend , giving him advice on stage directions , book design and the staging of the plays , and requesting that the notes from the first play be published first . ellmann notes that the notes show the author " very much in control of himself and of the play " . wilde ' s name does not appear in the preface , which reads " to the memory of lady windermere ' s lover " . his return to england was unsuccessful because , as he refused to publish anything else , " i cannot write , i have lost the art of writing " . on 22 may 2007 , the original copy ( # 349 of the @ , @ 000 ) was found in a cupboard in an oxfam shop in nantwich , cheshire . police were unable to locate the copy . it was sold for £ 650 . = = = = = = = = the importance of being earnest ' s title has survived it has been translated into many languages , but the obvious pun in the title ( " ernest " , a masculine proper name , and " love " , the opposite of honesty and fidelity ) is a difficult problem for translators . the best chance of a direct translation of the title , given its meaning and tenor , would have been a translation into german . since english and german are closely related languages , german has an identical meaning ( " earnest " ) and therefore a similar masculine proper name ( " ernest " ) . the meaning and tenor of the pun are essentially the same . but there are two other problemsand in english , only in sentence form . the two most common translations are " bunbury und ernst / ernst sein ist alles " and " bunbury , wie wichtig ##t ist , ernst / ernst und sein " . in his study of english translations , paul pable lists several italian translations of english plays . since pun is not limited to the language in question , translators are faced with the choice of either remaining faithful to the original — in this case the english adjective and noun , — or creating a new translation in their original language . three main approaches have been adopted by translators . the first keeps the characters ' names intact and in their original languages : thus the audience is recognizable and is aware of the original english translation , but the meaning of the pun is unclear . eva malagoli follows this same @ - @ translation approach , using both the english character ernest and the noun earnest , but changing the title and the original title of the play , and intended for an english audience . the second group of translators replaced ernest with a name that also represents a virtue in the original language , allowing flexibility for those in dispute about fidelity to the original . for example , in italian , these translators all translated the play l ' importanza di essere amore / severo / fedele , the two virtues representing respectively the virtues of faith , love , and justice . french uses a similar approach : " earnest " represents both the christian name and the virtue of love , so the play is sometimes translated as : l ' importance d ' etre earnest , and charles boyer translated the play with the title : il est regard d ' etre aime ( " aime " is a word which literally means " earnest " ) . these translators vary in their responses to the various english translation ##s , and choose them all , or none , since most prefer the latter , as a compensation for the perceived lack of englishness . however , one translator gave the play an italianate name , renaming it as ernesto ; this translation also used other names from other languages . = = = = = = = = = = = = = from the " source @ - @ for @ - @ ? " version , the importance of being earnest has been adapted for the source @ - @ translation , at least three times , first in 1952 by anthony asquith who produced the play and directed it . george denison ( algernon ) , vanessa redgrave ( ernest ) , edith may ( miss brack##nell ) , dorothy tutin ( cecily ) , joan sims ( gwendolen ) , and margaret lindsay ( miss prism ) and miles malleson ( canon jack ) were among the cast . in 1992 kurt russell directed the film with an all @ - @ male cast with daryl keith smith as jack , michael j . fox as algernon , ann weldon as lady bracknell , lanei taylor as cecily , chris calloway as gwendolen , cch jones as miss prism , and brock williams as canon jack , all in the united states . alan parker , an american director who had previously directed an ideal husband for television , directed the 2002 film ; it starred colin firth ( jack ) , rupert everett ( algy ) , judi dench ( lady bracknell ) , reese williams ( cecily ) , frances o ' connor ( gwendolen ) , anna massey ( miss prism ) , and tom baker ( canon jack ) . baker ' s adaptation features the english gentleman mr . gribsby who follows jack to london ( mentioned in wilde ' s original text , but removed at the request of the play ' s original author ) . algernon also is pursued by a group of thugs in the final scene . = = = plays and musicals = = = in 1960 , ernest in love was staged at @ - @ theatre . the japanese - @ - @ male musical theatre company takarazuka revue staged this play in 2005 in two productions , one by moon troupe and the other one by sun troupe . in 1963 , erik chisholm composed an opera from the play , using wilde ' s play as the libretto . in 1964 , gerd natschinski directed the musical mein freund bunbury based on the play , 1964 , at metropol in berlin . according to a study by michael tanitch , by 2002 there had been some 20 adaptations of the play as a musical , but " none with great success " . the best known adaptation was the 1927 london musical , canon jack . the critic john bostridge wrote , " the score of the 1957 english version , ernest in love , now in the british library , is much more interesting . the curtain rises to algy hammering away at the door , singing ' i can do you , jack ' . other songs are — , and — ' the bunburying i can do ' . " gerald barry wrote the 2011 musical , the importance of being earnest , directed bythe los angeles playhouse and the national theatre in london . it was revived in los angeles in 2011 . the world premiere was performed at the opera national de nancy in nancy , france in 2013 . = = = radio and television = = = there have been several radio adaptations of the play . in 1925 the bbc broadcast an adaptation with hesketh pearson as jack worthing . further adaptations of the play followed in 1927 and 1936 . in 1977 , bbc radio 4 broadcast the four @ - @ act adaptation of the play , with fabia smith as lady bracknell , richard pasco as lane , jeremy brett as algy , maurice denham as canon lane , sylvia ashton as miss prism , barbara four @ - @ act as gwendolen and julia roberts as cecily . the production was later released on dvd . to mark the centenary of the first production of the play , radio 4 broadcast a radio adaptation on 1 january 1995 ; directed by glyn dearman , it starred judi dench as lady bracknell , michael hordern as lane , martin shaw as jack worthing , martin clunes as algernon moncrieff , john moffatt as canon lane , miriam margolyes as miss prism , samantha morton as gwendolen and amanda holden as cecily . the production was later released on audio cassette . on 1 january 2000 , bbc radio 4 broadcast a radio adaptation directed by andrew davies with geraldine mcewan as lady bracknell , simon russell beale as jack worthing , john wadham as algernon moncrieff , geoffrey rush as canon lane , celia imrie as miss prism , victoria wood as gwendolen and emma thompson as cecily , with music composed by maurice muldowney . the production was issued on audio cassette . a 1964 bbc television adaptation starred ian carmichael , patrick macnee , susannah york , fenella gray , pamela stephenson and irene handl . bbc radio adaptations of the play have included a 1974 play of the week , starring coral browne as lady bracknell with john jayston , stanley holloway , gemma jones and celia bannerman . timothy burge directed an adaptation in 1986 with a cast including gemma jones , alec mccowen , paul mcgann and joan plowright . it was adapted for bbc television in 1957 . = = = dvd release = = = lane ' s voice is heard on an emi lp recording made from 1952 , which also includes edith wharton ' s lady bracknell . theit also included roland culver ( algy ) , mary cadell ( aunt nancy ) , pamela lee ( gwendolen ) and celia johnson ( cecily ) . other notable recordings include a " columbia masterworks " recording from 1953 , adapted and conducted by margaret mitchell , with a cast including maurice chevalier , lucile watson and mildred natwick ; a 1989 recording by national public radio productions , featuring dan o ' herlihy jeanette nolan , john tremayne and richard erdman ; and one by l . a . theatre ##works , in 2009 , featuring david busch , john marsters and andrea bowen .