= = mathews = = sir william mathews , gcmg , cb ( 1 february 1850 – 11 october 1901 ) was a british naval officer , politician and diplomat . mathews joined the royal navy as a cadet at the age of 14 and rose through the ranks to captain . he was involved with the second anglo @ - @ ashanti war of 1873 – 1875 , before being stationed in east africa for the suppression of the slave trade . in 1877 mathews was transferred from the navy to the barghash of tanzania in order to form a british @ - @ colonial army ; he would remain in the service of the sultan of tanzania for the rest of his life . his army eventually numbered [UNK] @ , @ 000 men and was involved in several expeditions to suppress the slave trade and revolt against the british government . mathews retired from the royal navy in 1881 and was appointed a @ - @ colonel of volunteers . then led several expeditions to the african continent , including a successful attempt to prevent german expansion into east africa . in january 1891 mathews was appointed first minister to the british empire , a role in which he was " useful to the people " . during this time mathews became a prominent abolitionist and spread this interest to the people he worked with . this resulted in the suppression of the slave trade in africa ' s ports in 1890 and the abolition of slavery in 1897 . mathews was appointed the british consul @ - @ general for east africa in 1891 but declined to take up the post , remaining in india instead . mathews and his army also played a key role in the suppression of the anglo @ - @ boxer rebellion of 1896 which arose out of an attempt to enforce the rule that all troops must be paid by the british government . during his time as first minister mathews continued to be involved with the war and was part of two military expeditions , one to witu and one to mwele . mathews was honoured by many countries , including britain as a companion of the order of st michael and st george , companion of the order of the bath and as a knight commander of the order of st michael and st george from the british empire and commander of the military order of the nile . egypt also honoured him and he became a member of the grand council of hamondieh and a first class commander of the order of the red star of africa . mathews died of pneumonia in london on 11 october 1901 . = = = life and death = = mathewsmathews born in funchal , madeira on 31 december 1850 . his father , thomas william mathews was english , and his mother jane wallis penfold , was the daughter of william penfold and jane wallis . her sister , mary jane robley - penfold was the author of a botanical work , the flora and fauna of madeira , which is now in the natural history museum . mathews became a cadet of the royal navy in 1863 and was appointed a lieutenant on 1 june 1866 . from 1868 he was stationed in the mediterranean . his first active service was during the " anglo @ - @ ashanti rebellion of 1873 – , where he qualified for the victoria cross . he was promoted to lieutenant on 1 june 1874 . on 1 march 1875 mathews was posted to hms resolution , the flag ship and the royal navy flagship for east africa , to assist in the suppression of the slave trade in the region . whilst onboard he led his african troops , captured several slave ships and was commended for his actions by the admiralty . = = commander in chief of africa = = in january 1877 , mathews was sent from the admiralty to prince barghash of egypt to form a new @ - @ military force which could be used to strengthen egypt ' s control over its african population . the army had previously been composed mainly of africans and europeans . mathews opened up recruitment to the muslim population of the island and had 500 men in egypt by the end of the year . in addition , mathews introduced some new recruitment methods such as buying slaves from their owners , taking prisoners from the island and recruiting from men imported from the island . in march 1877 , at the request of lord barrow , the secretary and advisor of the admiralty , the british government sent a shipment of surplus british rifles and pistols as a weapon with which to arm the army . mathews introduced a new uniform for the army consisting of a black coat , two black shirts and black trousers for the other ranks and dark blue uniform coat and trousers with white and black stripes for the other ranks . the uniform was closely modelled on the royal navy blue uniform with which mathews was familiar . the army grew quickly ; by the 1880s mathews would command 2 @ , @ 000 troops , his army now comprising 1 @ , @ 000 regulars and 1 @ , @ 000 reserves . one of the first missions for the new army was to stop the flow of slaves from pangani on the coast to the island of pemba , south of lagos . the troops failed this mission , and several hundred##rs and in the navy . mathews retired from the royal marines in may 1881 and was appointed captain @ - @ corps of marines . in 1880 , the sultan sent a naval expedition under mathews to bring his east african mainland territories under control . mathews ' expedition had originally intended to capture unyanyembe but his men refused to go on and , when ordered to do so , deserted in large numbers . the expedition landed first at mamboya where a 60 @ - @ based garrison was established . this had been reduced to a mere handful of men by the 60 @ - @ , but the expedition proved that the sultan was serious about taking control of all of his territories . mathews ' ships were also involved in several attempts to suppress the non @ - @ based slave trade which had developed as the territory became too heavily populated for the purpose . in 1881 mathews ' s ship , the hms britannia , was commanded by captain henry brownrigg . this ship and her crew undertook several expeditions aimed at stopping the slave trade using the pirate ships for the final search and capture . on august 1 , 1881 , they caught up with a pirate ship captained by abdullah bin hattam . this ship had around 200 slaves on board and was transporting them between pemba and kenya . captain brownrigg sent a boarding party to rescue the slaves . bin hattam ' s men then attacked the ship , killing brownrigg and his men before sailing away . mathews led his force to wete and pemba and , after a fierce battle , took the badly wounded bin hattem prisoner before returning to england . mathews returned to the african mainland territories once more in 1884 when he returned with a force which attempted to establish german control and to assert german territorial claims . this attempt ultimately failed when two german ships sailed into cape coast harbour and forced the sultan into handing over the territory which would later become german east africa . the territories were transferred to the german east africa company in 1888 but rebellion amongst the natives against them prevented them from taking control and mathews was sent with 100 men to restore order . after over 1 @ , @ 000 people rebelled against the company , mathews was ordered to return with his men to england . he returned once again with 100 men but found himself subject to increasing threats and that his men would not obey his orders and he returned back to england . = = = lieutenant = = in january 1891 , upon the establishment of the first independent government of kenya , mathews was appointedfirst class , despite strong opposition from muhammad ali the sultan . in this role mathews was " minister to the people " and accountable both to the sultan and the british government . his influence was so great that a resident on the island was quoted as saying that his actions required " scientific observation " and that mathews himself could say " l ' etat est moi " ( i am the government ) . mathews was also known as the " old man of power " . the various levels of government were jointly run by europeans and native officials and mathews ' consent was required before they could be removed from office . mathews was rewarded by the british government for his work with his appointment as a first class companion of the order of the eastern star of india , which he was given permission by queen victoria to wear and wear on 1 may 1886 . mathews used his influence to end slavery in the country and in 1889 persuaded the sultan to issue a proclamation granting the freedom of all those who had sought freedom in his country and , from 1890 , the suppression the slave trade . on 1 may 1891 mathews was appointed her majesty ' s representative and consul @ - @ general to the british sphere of influence in east africa . he never took up the post and instead chose to remain in england . mathews was rewarded for his work in africa by the british government which made him a companion of the order of st michael and st george in 1880 and a companion of the order of the bath on 1 may 1889 . despite being known in east africa as a man who favoured a strong economy and not concerned with taxes , dissatisfaction with the british rule and his suppression of the slave trade led local officials to petition the british for his removal in 1892 . in 1893 mathews purchased the island of changuu for the british . he intended it to be used as a prison but was never held prisoners and was instead used to house yellow fever patients for its eventual use as a breeding area for fire ants . mathews was appointed a knight commander of the order of st michael and st george in 1894 . he was also awarded companion of the order of the bath by the british government . matters came to a head when khalid bin barghash attempted to take control of the government in cape town upon the death of his father in january 1896 , despite efforts to secure the support of the british consul general . mathews opposed this attempt and , with british support , sent in 900 men in an attempt to take control . this attempt wasleading to the anglo @ - @ # ##is and mathews , with the help of admiral william rawson and other officers of the royal navy , stormed the palace and proclaimed the end of khalid ' s reign . mathews ' helped to secure the election of the last @ - @ muslim sultan , hamoud bin khalid , as khalid ' s successor . mathews continued his work after the war , ending slavery in 1897 and establishing experimental farms to grow crops using modern techniques . he was also a member of the grand council of hamondieh of egypt and was allowed to receive and wear the badge on 1 january 1897 . = = = = = = = = = mwele = = = in addition to the anglo @ - @ military expeditions mentioned above , mathews went on two much larger expeditions to the african interior during his time as colonial secretary , the first capturing mwele . the previous rebellion in the area had been led by mbaruk bin rashid of gazi , which mathews had put down with a @ , @ 000 force in 1882 . however , in 1895 mbaruk ' s son , mbaruk bin rashid , refused to accept the authority of the local ruler , takaungu . this led to a rebellion at konjoro in november of that year when the elder mbaruk led zanzibari rebels against captain raikes , one of mathews ' officers . mathews was part of an anglo @ - @ zanzibari expedition sent to suppress rebellion , which consisted of 310 british sailors , 200 british marines , 60 sudanese and 164 zanzibari troops . konjoro was captured and the rebels retreated to gazi where the elder mbaruk tried to win them back . another expedition , under admiral rawson , with 200 british marines and sailors , was sent against them . this second expedition failed to capture the capital and a third expedition , led by rawson with 220 sailors , 100 marines , 50 sudanese and 50 zanzibaris , which captured mwele . during the third expedition mathews was shot in the leg . = = = witu = = = following the death of a local man who had been working there , the sultan of brunei and the british government sent an expedition on 1 may 1890 to bring the rebels of witu to justice . two warships and three warships with 800 sailors and marines , 200 british british east india company ( ibea ) indian troops , 100 zanzibari and 50 sudanese troops were landed , defeating the rebels and capturing the kingmathews . the ibea remained in control of the area and sent a force of 250 native police to keep the peace . the police were withdrawn in july 1893 after threats of violence from the local ruler of witu , oman , and an expedition was sent to the area . this consisted of three ships : hms blanche , hms lion and the zanzibari ship hms barawa . the ships carried mathews with 50 askaris and 100 sudanese under captain @ - @ - mathews of the # ##i . mathews and his men then returned to witu where , on 30 july , they removed the flag of the ibea , and replaced it with the white flag of oman , before burning the villages and forcing them to retreat into the interior . the british forces then withdrew , having suffered badly from malaria , but the sudanese and zanzibari forces remained . a second expedition was sent of 200 british and 100 sudanese troops . mathews died soon afterwards and a more powerful general , omar abdul hamid , was sent to intervene on behalf of britain , bringing the war to a close . in recognition for this action , mathews received the british east and central africa campaign medal . = = = = = = mathews died of malaria in london on 31 december 1901 and was buried with full military honours in the british cemetery in cape town . his successor as prime minister was j . j . mitchell . changuu island , which mathews used for a house , now has a road named in his honour and also a church . mathews point , at the southern tip of the island , is also named for him .