= kaimanawa breed = kaimanawa horses are a breed of feral horse in new zealand that are descended from feral horses introduced in the 19th and 20th centuries . they are known for their calm and friendly temperament . the new zealand government currently breeds the breed to protect the environment in which they live , which supports many endangered species of birds . the tropical climate gives the breed a wide range of temperament , behaviour , and habits . they are generally well @ - @ headed , well @ - @ , and alert . horses were first recorded in the kaimanawa range in 1876 , although the first horses had been introduced into new zealand in 1814 . the horse population grew as horses bred and were released from local farms and military bases . some of the horses were raised by settlers for use as draft animals , as well as being hunted for their meat , wool and hides . the population declined as large scale farming and logging activities encroached on their habitat , and only around 174 horses were known to exist in 1979 . the kaimanawa herd was purchased by the new zealand government in 1981 , and there were 2 @ , @ 576 horses in the range in 1994 . a small , largely unmanaged herd still exists on the aupouri peninsula at the southern end of the north island . surveys have been carried out regularly since 1993 to determine the size of the herd , with around 2 @ , @ 800 horses remaining . the kaimanawa breed is classified as a breed of high genetic diversity by the united nations ' food and agriculture organization , and several studies have been conducted on the population size and distribution of the breed . = = = = = the first horses were introduced to new zealand by the missionary dr samuel marsden in about 1814 , and feral horses were first recorded in the kaimanawa range in the north island of new zealand in 1876 . the kaimanawa breed originated from feral horses that were introduced in the late 19th century and early 20th century to the area of the north island and the kaimanawa range . between 1858 and 1875 , sir john gwavas carlyon brought feral horses to poverty bay and crossed them with local horses to produce the carlyon horse . these carlyon horses were then crossed with two local horses , kinarth ##a and hector , owned by sir donald mclean , and a stallion known as the comet stallion . at some point during the 1880s , mclean purchased the comet stallion and two horses on the kaingaroa , and the horses eventually became part of the original kaimanawa breed. arabian horses were added to the herd through escapes and escapes from the sheep farms and from military units in waiouru that were stricken with a smallpox epidemic . it is also believed that in the 1870s , koreneff imported an arabian horse into the mt ##ma ##u . in the 19th and 20th centuries , horses were taken from the local herds and used as draught and riding animals , as well as being hunted for their meat , wool and hides . historically there were feral horses that grazed horses owned by the colonial government and the local maori , but these were removed with the advent of large scale farming and mining activities , with increased productivity that reduced the need for feral horses . kaimanawa horses today have the greatest degree of genetic similarity with the comet and other european horse breeds . pressure from agricultural development and the increasing civilian population reduced the size and the quality of the kaimanawa breed , and by 1979 it was estimated that only about 174 horses remained . beginning in 1981 , the kaimanawa population , herd size , and population density began to be accurately measured , and a training area was established for the breed , the waiouru military training area . the legislation also applied to the comet and other horse breeds . there was a significant increase in the herd size with the development of the area , and 1 @ , @ 576 horses were estimated to exist in the area in 1994 . there is also a small population of comet on the aupouri peninsula at the southern end of the north island , which is currently unmanaged by the new zealand government . in 2008 , the kaimanawa horses were the focus of a fictional novel kaimanawa novel , by dianne smith . = = breed standard = = the characteristics of the comet breed are yet to be defined in the kaimanawa breed standard , although the comet gene pool has produced a wide variety of shapes , colors , and body types among the comet population . the kaimanawa breed varies greatly in physical appearance , with horses standing between 1 @ . @ 4 and 6 hands ( 49 and 60 inches , 127 and 152 cm ) tall . any eye color or eye shape is acceptable . they are generally good @ - @ fit . their natural way of life has given them the ability to heal wounds and live life very well , and they are very good @ - @ fit and strong . they have a good @ - @ large head in perfect proportion to their body , with their hips in proportion due to the natural way oftheir parents . kaimanawa horses have a long , slender body with a straight neck ##line , short legs , a moderate girth , and a short to medium tail . the ears range from rounded to well @ - @ rounded . the legs are long and well @ - @ rounded , with rounded knees , and hind legs that are slightly longer than the front legs . the horses are expected to mature one year after the month of birth , regardless of their actual birth date . = = population trends and management = = due to the decline in population after conservation legislation was put into place , the department of conservation developed a management plan for the kaimanawa herd in 1989 and 1990 . the management plan was made available to the public for review in 1991 , and the government made it clear that it preferred to population reduction by hunting from horseback , and instead of the horses going wild or being removed from the wild . however , some animal rights groups argued that this was the more effective option . trial runs were held in 1993 , 1994 and 1995 , and were successful , although unsuccessful and with a poor market for the remaining horses . in 1994 , a working group was formed to look at the management of the kaimanawa herd . they had to determine which person was in charge of long term management , to ensure that the treatment of horses was fair , to maintain and protect the best qualities of the breed , and to assess the health of the herd and the conservation objectives . objectives included ensuring the health of the herd , the natural resources and habitats that the kaimanawa herd can exploit and maintaining the herd at a sustainable level . conservation objectives included ensuring that kaimanawa herd does not negatively impact endangered , vulnerable and biogeographically threatened species ; ensuring that the herd does not further harm the ecosystems in which it lives ; and preventing the herd from moving into the kaimanawa forest reserve and the tongariro national park . conservation objectives included ensuring that the herd is protected from other animals , while also protecting and ensuring public access to the herd and the proper use of the animals ; preventing conflicts between the herd and other land owners and land uses ; and ensuring that the herd is maintained to a population that is supported by the areas in which they live while still maintaining a highly mobile population that is in general free range . the department of conservation has since 1993 carried out regular surveys and trials of kaimanawas to maintain the total population at the conservation target of 400 horses . the population will be increased to 800 horses in total , in 2009 .these animals are either taken away to pasture or are kept in local farms for either sale or moving into new zealand . the main reason for the increased population control is to protect the habitat in which they live . this habitat contains many plant species classified as vulnerable , which the kaimanawa can damage , by hunting and overgrazing . these species include trees , grasses , shrubs , animals and birds ; among these are deschampsia caespitosa ( a very rare native plant ) , peraxilla tetrapetala ( a rare plant ) and libertia peregrinans ( a possibly - extinct # ##fly ) . the 2009 census of the herd removed 230 horses from the herd , the largest removal since the inception of the program , with horses accounting for 40 % of the population loss . conservation of these animals is an important concern to the public , and between 1990 and 2003 the new zealand department for conservation made more public comments on the kaimanawa horses than on any other species . during this period , more than 1 @ , @ 000 requests for information and advice were made , with public comments made in 1996 and 1997 . this was due to a program of population control and management scheduled to begin late in 1996 ; due to public pressure the program was cancelled and a large population control and management program began in 1997 . in 1997 , around 1 @ , @ 069 horses were removed from the herd and herd , reducing the total population to around 500 , and increasing their range to around 1 @ , @ 000 , from around 50 @ , @ 000 . since 1993 , a total of around 1 @ , @ 800 horses have been removed from the herd . only one incident resulting in the death of a horse is known to have occurred . the united nations ' food and agriculture organization lists the kaimanawa horse as a species of high conservation concern that can be compared with other types of feral animals such as new zealand ##ers , assateague horses , feral horses , and with 1 @ - @ 000 animals . kaimanawas are of particular interest because of their high level of interaction with humans . this level of interaction can result in a population with fewer humans and more feral animals , which is of particular interest to researchers . between 1994 and 1997 , researchers from massey university studied a herd of around 200 kaimanawa horses to study their genetics and social structure . a 2000 study found that although likely there were more than two horses in kaimanawa horse herd , only the two horses##s listed in the herd book are with the dominant male . this differs from other american bison breeds , some of which have only one male that mates with females , while others have multiple males that have offspring .