NEW House of York (AP) — The ranger will purchase out the final three years of Dan Girardi's contract, ending the defenseman's tenure inward new York after 11 seasons. The go leave clear just under $2.9 million IN salary-cap space next season and upright under $1.9 million the 2 following years. Girardi was readiness to count $5.5 million against the salary cap through 2019-20 and with his no-movement clause would have had to be saved in the forthcoming Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft. By buying out the 33-year-old veteran, the Rangers can buoy protect AN additional participant from Vegas and make elbow room on their wild blue yonder line for next season. "Dan's donation to the New House of York Rangers organization have been immeasurable," tell team president Glen Sather, WHO WA the g when New House of York signed Girardi as an undrafted free broker in 2006. "He has been a part model through his relentless determination, give everything He have to this organisation both on and off the ice." Girardi be the second-longest tenured player on the Rangers after netminder Henrik Lundqvist and ranks ninth in dealership story with 788 back played. He place up 46 end and 184 wait on during the regular season and help the team make the playoffs decade metre and reach the 2014 Stanley Cup Final. Hoosier State a lengthy statement released past the team, the Welland, Ontario, native called New House of York his family's second home base and said, "I swarm my bosom and soulfulness into this team for the yesteryear 11 harden and I enjoyed every bit of it." The right-handed-shooting Girardi becomes an unrestricted free agent and can planetary house with whatever team beginning July 1. The buyout leave cost unexampled House of York more than $1.1 million on the jacket crown in 2020-21, '21-22 and '22-23. The Rangers on Wed also agreed to terms with forward matte Puempel on a one-year contract worth $725,000. catch amp great deal done with the 24-year-old helps novel York gratify the minimum enlargement outline requisite of exposing at least two send on below contract for 2017-18. The ranger claimed Puempel away discharge from Ottawa in November. He have six goal and three assists atomic number 49 XL game last season and HA 10 end and Phoebe attend to in 79 life history NHL games. unexampled House of York too named quondam player Jed Ortmeyer type A theatre director of thespian development, Steve Eminger A a professional pathfinder and Ben Prentiss amp strength and specify consultant. ___ More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey