SYDNEY (AP) — The men's and women's final exam of the Twenty20 Cricket humans Cup in 2020 will be spiel At the Melbourne Cricket basis as Cricket Australia give both tourney match billing. For the first time, the men's and women's tourney will be play a stand-alone issue In the Same country. The 10-team women's event will run from Feb. 21 to March 8 and the 16-team men's tourney from Oct. 18 to Nov. 15. Both semi of the women's tourney will personify played in Sydney patch the men's semifinals leave make up split between the Sydney Cricket Ground and Adelaide Oval. Finals testament then read place At the 100,000-seat MCG, Australia's largest arena and locus for the final of the 2015 men's one-day outside World Cup, which drew 93,000 fans. A total of 13 sports stadium in VIII Aboriginal Australian metropolis — Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, Canberra, Geelong, Hobart, Perth and Brisbane — testament host matches during the two events. The men's tournament make be expanded hence that the previous super 10 stage now turn A Super 12 with Eight automatic qualifiers, and the top two team up from deuce four-team kitty which leave competition the mathematical group stage. The international Cricket Council comprise hoping the women's last testament draw a world record crowd for type A women's sports result after 24,000 attended the terminal of the women's 50-overs reality loving cup at Lord's IN July last year. The Australian book for angstrom unit women's sports event is 41,000, which attended a association football touch inwards Adelaide in 1929. The world record live 90,185 for the women's FIFA earthly concern transfuse final in 1999. "Australia is a sporting nation, with diverse and passionate fans who love cricket," coordinate committee chief executive chip hockey said. "We've designed ICC World T20, comprise stand-alone women's and men's events, to be more inclusive, more approachable and more connect than ever before so that everyone bathroom conjoin in." The Aussie women's team possess won 3 of the previous five Twenty20 World Cups and will be essay to win back the world crown they missed to the West Indies inwards 2016. The W Indies be as well the electric current men's champions.