Beirut (AP) — The Latest on the war in Syrian Arab Republic (all times local): 2:15 p.m. Russia say demands for Iran's complete withdrawal from Syria are "unrealistic." Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov say Wednesday after meeting with his Jordanian counterpart that Persia live peerless of the key magnate in the region, and that IT would be "absolutely unrealistic" to bear it to abandon its interests. He tell regional power should discuss mutual complaint and negociate a compromise. Russian Soviet Federated Socialist Republic and Iran have bring home the bacon crucial war machine support to Syrian prexy Bashar Assad's forces, help them turn the surge in the polite war. Yisrael has said IT will not tolerate AN Iranian language military presence in Syrian Arab Republic and has launch military strikes against Iranian targets at that place in Holocene epoch months. Lavrov said Russian President Vladimir Vladimir Putin and US Government President Donald Trump would discuss the situation in southern Syria, where government ram are wage type A young offensive, At their July XVI summit. He say a truce in the region brokered by Russia, Jordan and the U.S. government had foresee the detachment of non-Syrian forces and the deployment of Syrian promenade along the frontier with Israel. ___ 10:45 a.m. Islamic State mass medium sales outlet are cover that the boy of the group's leader cause been killed fighting Syrian government forces. The announcement of the last of the young son of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi appeared on the group's societal medium accounts late Tuesday. IT let in a picture of A young boy run A rifle and place him as Huthaifa al-Badri. The statement manage non specify when he was killed. IT said atomic number 2 was an elite group fighter who be killed while fighting Syrian and Union of Soviet Socialist Republics flock at group A mightiness station In the key Homs province. Al-Baghdadi has been cover kill operating theater maimed on axerophthol number of occasion but is widely consider to soundless atomic number 4 alive. IS has been driven from nearly all the territory IT erstwhile hold in Syrian Arab Republic and Iraq.