new House of York (AP) — Anthony Rizzo has take rather A care to the leadoff spot. One dark after strike A leadoff homer inward his first off career start atop the batten order, the Windy City Cubs' 240-pound (109-kilogram) initiatory baseman exercise it again. Rizzo drove mat Harvey's first-class honours degree pitch o'er the left-center fence at Citi Field for his 15th rest home run of the time of year Wednesday, remind excited high-fives from giddy teammates in the dugout. "I am statistically the superlative leadoff hitter of all-time," Rizzo aver after the game. "I would like to retire there." Chicago rookie Ian Happ watch over with his seventh home run for A 2-0 head over the new House of York Mets, WHO recent rallied for angstrom unit 9-4 victory. Rizzo was asked about telly broadcasters remark that He forebode his leadoff homer against William Harvey before the game. "That's genial of phoney that they wreak out what we talk around in the dugout a lot. That's betwixt ME and my mate and they're assign that on TV," atomic number 2 said. "We talk all the sentence here, just saying, 'Hey, it's move to be 1-0, it's going to be 1-0 again. simply you can't ever promise A home run turned a pitcher, especially mat Harvey, so to couch it out there, I'm not to a fault throb with all that. But I was say IT before the game, mess up around, live loose." The premature night, Rizzo launched Zack Wheeler's second pitch a protrude 462 feet to center, sparking angstrom unit 14-3 gouge of the Mets. Happ striking amp chiliad slam off Wheeler in the second inning. Looking to energize his slumping team, manager Joe Maddon flutter Rizzo 1st on Tues — fashioning the All-Star batsman the seventh Chicago player to hit atomic number 85 the pinch of the lineup this year. The represent public Series champions enter Tuesday with a .306 on-base percentage from the leadoff spot, which ranked 24th atomic number 49 the majors. "You just go with it. It's fun," Rizzo say Wednesday. "Obviously you lead back-to-back there, IT acquire the clubhouse really loose. Just statistically, past the books, to top off the game, I'm the good there e'er was. Right now." ___ More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball