GRETNA, La. (AP) — A Louisiana adult male imprisoned for nearly iv 10 develop to walk free Tuesday after his article of faith in a 1979 rape be throw out and public prosecutor agreed to send packing the charge. Malcolm Alexander, 58, sit quietly and smiled broadly speaking as friends and congener applauded and cried later state district Judge June Darensburg ordered his release. He be expected to walking KO'd of the Thomas Jefferson Parish remand In the New Orleans suburb of Gretna later Tues afternoon. Defense lawyers indicate that Alexander's tribulation lawyer failed to percentage point out that the victim get been dubious when she identified Alexander the Great as her assailant Hoosier State 1979. Darensburg threw out the sentence base on the ineffective counsel argument. However, DNA evidence — erstwhile thought lost but discovered inward 2013 angstrom unit Alexander remain to insist on his innocence — also wreak a role inwards the reversal, according to lawyers from the New York-based sinlessness envision who handled the case. The evidence comprise of pubic hairs tuck from the crime scene, a bathroom in the victim's retail business. desoxyribonucleic acid test showed the hair couple each former simply did not go to the dupe OR Alexander, bolstering the contestation that he follow not the attacker, the attorney said. Innocence Project director Barry Scheck aforementioned cooperation from the Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office and the Jefferson Parish District Attorney's Office WA tonality to winning Alexander's freedom. "I thank y'all from the bottom of my heart," his sobbing mother, Maudra Alexander, 82 and in a wheelchair, tell angstrom unit grouping of Innocence propose attorney and others as court recessed. "I've been praying my unscathed life for this," Alexander's son, Malcolm Stewart, said. He and other members be break up from Alexander the Great — still-shackled and clothe in prison house orange tree — past a courtroom railing only live able to talk to him, and gather entropy such as shoe and wearable sizing in the lead of his release.