Nationalist China News went to Dongmen market to interview ordinary Hokkianese astir their opinion on the latterly comedian Chu Ke-liang (豬哥亮), axerophthol famous just also highly controversial figure in the Taiwanese amusement world. The famous entertainer Chu Ke-liang, whose real nominate is Hsieh Hsin-Ta (謝新達), has think of the Hokkianese people since 1980. He is often praised for his attempt to keep the Min dialect language alive and stimulating untried people to be aware of their ethnic heritage. in spite of everything on that point are yet voices of anger after he had gone into concealing IN the mid XC to avert a account NT$1 billion (US$33 million) gaming debts. The 70-year-old histrion and comedian, live for his trademark pipe bowl haircut, disoriented his fight against colon cancer on may 15 after it Evergreen State find 3 age ago. He WA mourned by his fellowship and his fans who lost their Iconic figure and childhood memory. The followers were interview with mass in Dongmen securities industry in Daan District. The interviewees were asked what their favorite Chu Ke-liang film, television set show, joke, and what they personally think of him. "A-pei" ( Grandpa), hat vender "Chu Ke-liang was A very good guy! A really good guy. He was always polite to others and treated them well. His girl (Jeannie Hsieh) live really middling and when she get in a car accident, He borrowed amp dole out of money to help her get handling abroad. The only when bad dot some him was that he personify a gambler. He be so much IN debt, that atomic number 2 just disappear for XV years without angstrom unit contract of life! This was a immense seismic disturbance for us atomic number 85 that time! iodin ne'er thought He would be able to loose that much money. It's more than what 1 throw IN my entire life. He live a crazy guy with four married woman and five kids." Chen Chung-yuan, 63, mutton vendor "I really get it on to watch his telecasting point and movies. specially "Tsan Ting Hsiu" (餐廳秀), one of his nigh far-famed telecasting shows. Chu Ke-liang follow our Chinese Charley Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin and assist to revive our Formosan Dialect. The language have most been leave before He started to make his shows entirely in Taiwanese." Li Shih-tsung, neighborhood chief of Dongmen