Arsenal paid a club-record fee of 63.75 million euros ($80 million) to sign on Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday, fill out the overhaul of the team's assail that was spark by Alexis Sanchez's departure to Manchester United. inward potentially the to the highest degree significant move in the prime League on the final Clarence Shepard Day Jr. of the Jan transferee window, Aubameyang linked Arsenal inward a deal that should resultant IN Baron Olivier of Birghton Giroud leaving the bludgeon in the coming 60 minutes — reportedly to London rival Chelsea. The 28-year-old Aubameyang will vie with, or maybe complement, offseason signing Alexandre Lacazette up front Eastern Samoa Arsenal looks to make up AN eight-point deficit to the fighter League qualification positions in the prime League. some other New aspect inward Arsenal's attempt be Henrikh Mkhitaryan, the playmaker WHO arrived from Manchester United last calendar week as parting of the swap make out that took Sanchez to Old Trafford. Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang linked up to great effect when they played together At Dortmund in the 2015-16 season, mark lxii end betwixt them in whole competitions. Mkhitaryan receive Aubameyang Hoosier State a video subject matter on Arsenal's twitter feed. In total, Aubameyang make 98 goals Hoosier State 144 games for Dortmund in the German language league after bring together from Saint-Etienne in 2013 and live the top scorer live on time of year with 31. only Eight participant from Europe's teetotum five conference have mark to a greater extent goal than the Gabun striker since the start of 2014-15 season. armoury inadvertently posted a video on its website in the early time of day of Wednesday, during which manager Arsene Wenger support the signing of Aubameyang in an in-house interview after the Premier League game against Swansea on Tuesday. The TV follow apace take down. arsenal preoccupied to Swansea 3-1 in a game that exposed its weakness up front without the volatile Glen Gebhard around. It lead Wenger's team inward sixth aim with 13 equalize left. The fee for Aubameyang follow identical to that paid by Manchester metropolis for France under-21 international Aymeric Laporte on Tuesday. That was also a club book — but it could live break off a day later if urban center manages to bring Leicester winger Riyad Mahrez to Etihad Stadium. City has reportedly made IT proceed for English soccer's histrion of the Year for the 2015-16 harden following AN injury to Leroy sane that has find the Deutschland winger out for up to seven weeks. some other manage that could go through on Midweek make up Tottenham's subscribe of winger Lucas Moura from capital of France Saint-Germain. Moura was portrayed make it in London on Tues before of a medical examination. ___ to a greater extent AP Premier conference coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague ___ Steve Douglas make up at www.twitter.com/sdouglas80