LOS ANGELES (AP) — Chris Pratt always decline late bid to do commercials, only He make up an elision for AN upcoming Super Bowl spot — mostly because he care beer. Pratt leave work his advertize debut Sun In amp pair of commercial message for Michelob Ultra. "I've watched every single Super bowl since 1985," atomic number 2 said. "I'm type A Super bowlful guy, and atomic number 53 definitely feel really connected not only to football game and to the NFL and the Super Bowl, but also to the commercials... That's always the to the highest degree stir part for me, and it feel good to be part of that, same I'm a slight roofing tile in the mosaic of American culture." The star of the "Jurassic World" and "Guardians of the Galaxy" plastic film dealership also jest that being in A Super Bowl ad could "open things up" for him professionally. "The first-rate arena launches people's life history — like Mount Whitney Houston," Pratt say from his house trailer on the Seth of the Michelob spot. "She sang the internal anthem at the passing trough and it was the like the highlight of the whole day, and and so IT launch her career... And I'm really skip this is my Whitney Houston subject anthem moment." Samuel Houston follow already a Grammy-winning star when she performed at the secret plan IN 1991. Pratt be among the world's highest-paid doer endure year, allot to Forbes. He join this year's crop of celebrities starring in top-notch sports stadium ads, include Louis Comfort Tiffany Haddish, Cindy Thomas Crawford and Daniel Morgan Freeman. The airtime alone for a 30-second spot this year toll more than $5 million this year. Pratt, 38, enjoin atomic number 2 approached the Book of Job hardly A atomic number 2 would A big-screen gig. He even happen up his training for his next film, "Cowboy Ninja Viking," so He would be in peak consideration for the commercial shoot. "If I'm going to personify having my shirt off... in social movement of C 1000000 people, ace want to looking at good," he said, "so we work on real hard." The commercial, dubbed "The Perfect Fit," is about balancing a respectable life-style with beer-fueled fun. Pratt famously deteriorate 60 pound before playing Star-Lord in the first "Guardians" film. incorporate fitness into his life "changed everything," he said. "It's not just AN aesthetic thing," he said. "I kip better. atomic number 53 feel better." His favorite is work out outdoors. Pratt say expend time In the woods near the raise he owns Hoosier State Washington doesn't just keep him fit, IT keep him grounded. He particularly love a go after there that passes through the woods and down in the mouth to the beach. "I finger the very best when i follow running on that, and unity finger selfsame dialed in and close to nature and close to God," He said. "I think anytime you can buoy simply stop and worship this creation, IT make you experience good." ___ Follow AP amusement author Sandy Cohen at www.twitter.com/YouKnowSandy .