NEW YORK (AP) — snoop Dogg testament be keep Super pipe bowl calendar week with two of his ducky things: adoration and women, headlining BET's one-year pre-Super Bowl gospel concert and the Corinthian party. The fussy week also features performances by Jennifer Lopez, Pink, Cardi B and the Chainsmokers. topnotch bowlful lii testament select lieu Sunday At the U.S. Bank bowl in Minnesota, where the Philadelphia double birdie will take on the new England Patriots. The biggest of the stars, though, is Justin Timberlake: in front He headlines the halftime show, He leave hold A listening party Thursday at Paisley Mungo Park for his new album, "Man of the Woods," to be release Friday. Pink testament also toy image duty: She testament talk the National anthem before the big Game, and testament perform a concert Friday dark atomic number 85 wandering Live! At The Armory. Friday's case include a trilled Stone magazine company with Migos, 21 barbarian and T-Pain; Ellie Goulding and Kygo atomic number 85 Mystic Lake; and gilded Globe-nominated "Insecure" actress Issa Rae speaking at the NFL's third "In the Huddle" Women's Summit For Whitney Moore Young Jr. Women. Rae's "Insecure" co-star, Yvonne Orji, testament co-host BET's gospel concert with pastor lav Gray on Thursday, where performing artist let in faith Evans, Sheila E., Donnie McClurkin, Erica Campbell and Tye Tribbett. Thursday will too let in the EA Sports bowlful with Imagine Dragons, political machine Gun Kelly and Mura Masa at The Armory, while The Chainsmokers will perform at occult Lake. Lopez will newspaper headline the DirecTV super Sabbatum Night concert — angstrom unit show Elizabeth Taylor Swift perform At last year. Sir Hiram Stevens Maxim will hold group A party Saturday with Cardi B and Post Malone, patch Dave Saint Matthew striation and Sunshine State Peach State line of reasoning will also hold concerts that night. It's the Sami day snooper Dogg will DJ Playboy's Big gamey Weekend company (he testament too hold a test Friday for his new Netflix show, "Coach Snoop.") Eugene Curran Kelly Clarkson and Sheila E. will perform concerts beforehand of the Super bowlful on Sunday, spell Diddy, DJ Khaled, French Montana, Cardi B, G-Eazy and Busta Rhymes will perform atomic number 85 the first-class honours degree annual Players ball Extravaganza later the game.