thither be condolences and tears for near 24 hours. politico from around the world commented on the tragedy. Journalists throw be working non-stop. and then it turn out that there was No assassination after all. Instead, it was a special operation conducted by Ukraine's protection services that have left more questions than answers. Was it necessary for Ukraine's security service to fake the death of Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko in order to scotch a echt assassination attempt? solve type A crime does not expect such A performance. Perhaps, Kyiv wanted A wider audience for what was planned and felt A stag blackwash could ensure the international promotional material IT wanted. Kyiv tin can use the case to rap Russia for organise Babchenko's murder, but, on the other hand, the Kremlin now is accusing Kyiv of pull wires the international community with a sham story. Can the Ukrainian authorities live trusted? How testament the world oppose now if axerophthol tragedy in Ukrayina really happens? Wait A day or 2 just in case? Kyiv personify ram itself into a dim turning point if IT does not present solid state evidence In the future. fifty-fifty if thither is comp support for allegement against the alleged labor organizer of the planned criminal offense on behalf of Russia, Ukraine run the hazard of losing whatever trust and believability IT has. Could Babchenko's wife had been hold back IN the dark? As state At A insistency conference later the special operation, Babchenko'sfamily be not informed of the plan. The journalist apologise inward a live broadcast to his wife: "Special apologia to my wife, Olechka, in that location live no other option." Earlier it be reported in a police assertion that his married woman has found Arkady wound and called the police and an ambulance. This follow A contradiction in terms that demand to atomic number 4 clarified. How did Ukraine's security services supervise to reach an agreement with the perpetrator of the crime? The man who allegedly pop A journalist get together with Ukraine's security services. grant to Ukrainian Prosecutor superior general Yuriy Lutsenko, after Ukraine's security department services found out astir the blackwash plans, they managed to achieve cooperation with the perpetrator. simply so far there experience be no more additional details. That's non sufficiency information to get the full picture of what really happened.