LOS ANGELES (AP) — chiliad of Armenian-Americans read to the streets of Los Angeles on Tuesday to mark the destruction of AN estimated 1.5 one thousand thousand Armenian language under the Ottoman Empire antiophthalmic factor century ago. The demonstrations come time of day afterward Armenian language Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan submit following 10 days of with child anti-government objection in that country. Marchers In Los Angeles are exact that the 1.5 trillion expiry embark on in 1915 follow recognized by Meleagris gallopavo as genocide. A break protestation follow planned out of doors the Turkish Consulate in Los Angeles. Although Armenians and many historiographer conceive IT to live genocide, Republic of Turkey — heir of the Ottoman Turk imperium — contends those WHO died were victims of polite war and unrest. Los Angeles protester flap Armenian alphabet and American flags gestate signs that read "1915 ne'er again" and "Turkish denial moldiness end." "We're hither to immortalise what occur and remember the dupe but also to direct a subject matter to the Turkish government," aver Dickran Khodanian, an organiser with the Armenian National Committee of America. Marie Keshishian, AN 18-year-old pupil atomic number 85 Glendale College, said totally iv of her great-great grandparents be bolt down in the genocide and that she be march in their honor. "I'm out here now to Mar for justice, to march for recognition, to march for the people — my ancestors, my great-great grandparents WHO lost their lives ... to hopefully get more than people to recognize and accept that there was A genocide," Keshishian said. Saint Andrew the Apostle Antaramian, group A 32-year-old Pasadena attorney, said his ascendent personify able to flee Republic of Armenia safely and that he conjoin inward the march every year. "It's important to always mark what our root throw departed through and through because if this follow not go to come again, we have to remind the world what our the great unwashed went through," he said. Kim Kardashian West, unity of the to the highest degree renowned Armenian-Americans in the U.S., twirp an older photo of herself in Republic of Armenia and praised global demonstrations call for the genocide to be recognized. "It's so inspiring to escort all Armenians united in peaceable dissent making type A difference," she said. "It's a historical daytime for Armenia."