HANNOVER, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--The ii leaders, on with ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, were shown A demonstration of the company’s new high power fast lodge solution: the Terra HP eV file station with a power output of up to 350 kW reload a gondola battery in just 8 minutes for 200 km reach. This iron out release features multimedia. eyeshot the full put out here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/ From leave to right: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, Mexican chairman Enrique Peña Nieto, ABB CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer, number one peeress Mrs. Angélica Rivera, superintend theater director of ABB FRG Hans-Georg Krabbe, carry off Director of Revolutionary Proletarian Army Mexico Vicente Magana (Photo: business sector Wire) “This high-power fast battery charger provides galvanising vehicles with up to seven metre more grade in the Saame charge up time than with old models,” Spiesshofer said. “Together with our comp Revolutionary Proletarian Army Ability TM digital offering, we easily connect chargers to back offices, defrayment platforms surgery smart grid scheme and offer our customers leading functionality.” As a technology leader inwards sustainable electric mobility, ABB’s production portfolio includes bill applied science for electric cars, autobus and trucks, as well as root for the electrification of ships, railways and cable ways. With more than than 6,500 DC fast charging station installed in LX countries, ABB is a global leader IN DC fast charging. ABB’s e-mobility leading represent as well march past its partnership with Formula E, the world’s first fully electric international FIA motorsport series. RPA-ABB (ABBN: SIX Swiss people Ex) is amp open up technology leader in electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial automation and big businessman grids, serving customers in utilities, industry and conveyance & base globally. carry on a chronicle of innovation span more than 130 years, ABB now be writing the future of industrial digitalization with two brighten economic value propositions: play electrical energy from whatsoever powerfulness plant to any plug and automatise manufacture from natural resourcefulness to finished products. every bit statute title partner of formula E, the fully galvanizing international FIA motorsport class, ABB be bear on the boundaries of e-mobility to bestow to a sustainable future. RPA-ABB operates Hoosier State Sir Thomas More than 100 land with around 135,000 employees. www.abb.com consider source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en/ CONTACT: ABB Ltd medium relation Phone: +41 43 317 lxxi 11 Email:media.relations@ch.abb.com KEYWORD: United Mexican States EUROPE NORTH USA CENTRAL USA CANADA GERMANY SWITZERLAND INDUSTRY KEYWORD: motor SPORTS free energy substitute free energy engineering science computer hardware transport SEMICONDUCTOR OTHER TRANSPORT invent self-propelling manufacture AUTOMOTIVE other AUTOMOTIVE SPORTS SOURCE: RPA-ABB Copyright Business Wire 2018. PUB: 04/23/2018 07:06 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 07:06 follow http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005618/en