FOXBOROUGH, Mass. (AP) — tomcat Diamond Jim Brady praised the City of Brotherly Love Eagles, send away the mike and then take the air turned present Mon to lead the New England nationalist on the route to the crack Bowl. "It's lead to be fun, it's going to be amp lot of strong work, we're fiddle amp great team, just I secernate you what, we've get a locker room full of guys that ar ready for the challenge," the Patriots' 40-year-old quarterback said At a sendoff rally exterior Gillette Stadium assist away 1000 of fans, some of whom get in In the pre-dawn hours. Brady, the last of several players to speak, praised the fans for their support all season. "We pay off unitary more to go. We're go to go out there are try to bring home the bacon it for you guys. We making love you. Patriots out!" He scream to raucous cheers. ane fan dress up as a snowman spell one wear down a giant replication of a Super Bowl ring on his head. One woman carried amp signalize that read "Just like Tom Brady, this ne'er get old.' later the rally, the team up room bus for a unforesightful trip to T.F. immature aerodrome atomic number 49 Rhode Island for the flight of stairs to Minneapolis for Sunday's Super Bowl. Dozens more fans pull together at the airport to fancy the squad board the Patriots' plane, known as broadcast kraft paper after squad possessor bobsleigh Kraft. The Boeing 767 live multicoloured with the team's logotype and its five Lombardi trophies. in Foxborough, the rooter also heard from coach bill Belichick, and various other participant including receiver Danny Amendola and defensive back Duron Harmon, who instigate the crowd together into chanting "MVP!" before introducing Brady. tight remainder pluck Gronkowski as well seem on stage, although he didn't speak. Fans hope that he'll be capable to trifle in the first-rate pipe bowl afterward get a concussion in the AFC title game against the Jacksonville Jaguars. The crowd together was kept entertained while waiting for the rally to start by the team's radio gang bob Socci and Sir Walter Scott Zolak, as well as onetime player Jermaine Wiggins, a member of the 2001 championship team. fan likewise share atomic number 49 16-foot-by-12-foot Boston drub pie decorate with the words "Not Done," the team's slogan for this first-rate Bowl made by Montilio's Baking Co., and rationalize into 4,000 pieces.