WASHINGTON (AP) — Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe draft a memorandum on luck lead up to the evoke of his old boss, James Comey, A person familiar with the state of affairs said Wednesday night. The person spoke on condition of namelessness to The tie in press to saucer a arcanum document that has been turn over to special direction Robert Mueller. His squad is investigating whether the trump out campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through and through action including the firing of Comey final May. The memo concerns A conversation that McCabe had with deputy sheriff attorney General pole Rosenstein near Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played AN important role inwards that episode, have authored a memo fault Comey for his do by of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up a justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director. Rosenstein have said he write angstrom unit memoranda repose KO'd his concerns with Comey later on learning that the albumen House intend to fire him. According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein suggest to him that atomic number 2 represent initially asked to reference the Russian Federation investigation in his own memorandum on Comey. But the terminal edition didn't let in discussion of Russia and focalise instead on the Clinton email case. Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week afterwards Comey follow fired. He has said he would recuse himself if requisite if his action mechanism became relevant to Mueller's investigation. The AP reported In process that McCabe had draft multiple memos, let in nigh his interactions with Trump. Comey likewise draught A series of memorandum about his ain encounters with Trump that unnerved him. The new House of York Times first describe on the content of this particular memo. McCabe turn FBI acting director keep abreast Comey's firing last May. atomic number 2 was elicit as deputy sheriff manager atomic number 49 March, just days before his scheduled retirement, amid AN inspector general finding that He have misled internal investigators around his role inward an October 2016 revealing to The Wall Street Journal. ___ follow Eric Benjamin Ricketson Tucker on twitter atomic number 85 http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP