CINCINNATI (AP) — Tyler Mahle lost his no-hit bid on Freddie Freeman's homer inward the seventh, and the Cincinnati Red River swash antiophthalmic factor big late lead before scooter Gennett connect in the 12th frame for group A 9-7 triumph o'er the capital of Georgia brave out on Tuesday night. Gennett hit his second homer of the halt off left-hander Max Fried (0-1) for his first career game-ending shot. freewoman started the Braves' late seven-run surge with his home run turned Mahle, exclusively the third globe the Braves contend to get under one's skin KO'd of the infield against the rookie right-hander. Freeman unite again A battle of Atlanta scored four time in the ninth. bump around Ted Hughes (1-2) escape a two-on threat in the 10th and got the last 8 outs. away to their forged bug out since the Great Depression, the 5-18 Reds tantalize for their initiative set of back-to-back pull ahead since last Sept — a span of 34 games — and got AN advance performance from their most call Brigham Young starter. The 23-year-old Mahle fanned A career-high 11 with A tailing hummer that caught the brave gawking. capital of Georgia leads the majors inward runs, simply manage only two Lucille Ball beyond the infield through six innings. freewoman lead forth the seventh with angstrom unit homer on the rookie's 90th pitch — Mahle turned his head and mutter amp word IN defeat as the ball left the bat. Kurt Suzuki had a two-run homer recent in the inning. Mahle drew attention on his right smart to the majors past switch a no-hitter inwards Single-A in 2016 and a unadulterated gritty last Apr 22 at Double-A. freewoman homered again in the 9th frame off Amir Garrett, start a four-run rally. Ender Inciarte's bases-loaded, two-out exclusive against Raisel Julio Iglesias deflected forth Gennett at minute base for a 7-7 tie. Joey Votto and Gennett hit their first homers — back-to-back solo guessing in the fifth sour Brandon Mary Therese McCarthy — every bit the Reds' sulky offense showed signs of coming around. TRAINER'S elbow room Braves: manager Brian Snitker plan to give RH relief pitcher SAM Freeman a dyad years off. Freeman has do A team-high 14 visual aspect and struggled during amp 10-4 loss on Monday. "This make up believably the most he's been used early atomic number 49 A season In his career," Snitker said. "It's a new area for him to navigate through." Reds: C Devin Mesoraco be scratched with amp pie-eyed neck. ... 3B Eugenio Suarez began axerophthol rehab assignment with Triple-A Louisville. He HA been sidelined since Apr 8, when he personify hit by Jameson Taillon's slant and broke his right-hand thumb. up NEXT Braves: lustrelessness Wisler (1-0, 1.29 ERA) follow 1-1 career against the Reds inwards two get going and deuce backup man appearances, allowing eight runs in 15 2/3 innings. Reds: interstitial cell-stimulating hormone Brandon Finnegan (0-2, 11.05) make his third start. He opened the time of year on the dl with A strained leave alone biceps. He's give up nine runs inward sevener 1/3 innings. ___ Thomas More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball