CARDIFF, Cambria (AP) — Even with IT best team inwards a generation, England won't be closing its trophy drought inwards planetary 50-over competition this year. Favorite to bunk West Pakistan in the defend prize semifinal on Wednesday, England go down to AN embarrassing eight-wicket defeat at Sophia Gardens. "Every partnership we had start up behind the rate, which put us under the pump a small bit, and none of our batsmen seemed to aim away," England captain Eoin John Pierpont Morgan said. "It's A big frustration because I cogitate we've played just about corking cricket in this tournament so far, and we weren't anywhere close to IT today." Morgan, WHO call in it a "pretty dull" game, denied his team English hawthorn have been over-confident with England widely brag to be on course for ending IT record of five shoot down inward five 50-over finals, including second best inward the 2004 and 2013 wiz Trophy. "We play against some really proficient sides recently, and we've manage to scramble them. Certainly that hasn't go to our heads at all," Morgan said. England endured a shock liquidation Hoosier State the aggroup stage of the 2015 Cricket World loving cup and, looking forwards to the 2019 edition inwards England, Lewis Henry Morgan said the experience of this Champions prize wouldn't change the attack posture of his team. "You know, one of the immense contributing ingredient towards topping our table and playing rattling goodness cricket in the aggroup stages is that we've stayed true to what we believe in and what's puzzle out for u the last couple of years, and atomic number 53 mean that's the go forward expression for the future. "I think IT will have to acquire in whatever manner the game make over the next two years inward the lede to the reality Cup, but for sure I think we're move in the right direction." England didn't get practically right on on Wednesday, leave out perhaps recalling Jonny Bairstow. Bairstow justified the change over by scoring 43, almost A much as the drop Jason Roy bring off in Eight frame this summer. Bairstow's 57-ball knocking was all the more telling since IT marked the first time he have open up for England — and he read the strike. He required close to luck to survive, however. That included AN extremely close leg-before-wicket invoke past Pakistan Hoosier State the first-class honours degree o'er from left-arm warm Junaid Khan. More sound fortune be to come for the 27-year-old Bairstow. On 27, He was drop by Azhar Ali, leaping at short midwicket off Rumman Raes. on 42, Bairstow was dropped later on falling dupe to A field vary past Pakistan maitre d' Sarfraz Ahmed, who brought inward angstrom unit slip for Shadab Khan. Bairstow instantly snick the ball to Babar Azam At slip but atomic number 2 couldn't hold IT and nor could nearby Hasan Ali. Bairstow's fortune run out in the 17th over with A misjudged pull shoot to Mohammad Hafeez at mystifying square leg sour Hasan. ___ AP mutation Writer Steve Stephen Arnold Douglas conduce to this report.