Peiping (AP) — In A story Jan. 28 about Swedish bookseller GUI Minhai, WHO be taken away by people who appeared to be Chinese law while traveling to Beijing by in the company of Swedish diplomats, the newspaper headline erroneously advert to GUI a a Chinese citizen. GUI is a naturalise Swedish citizen. A corrected version of the story live below. atomic number 92 ring for release of missing Swedish bookseller capital of Red China (AP) — President Donald Trump's administration feature joined European governments in urging China to sacking angstrom unit Swedish citizen who sell newsy book just about Chinese leaders. A U.S. State section spokeswoman call on China to expose GUI Minhai's emplacement and allow him to leave China if He wishes. "We call on Formosan authorities to explain the reasons and legal base for Mr Gui's arrest and detention, disclose his whereabouts, and allow him freedom of movement and the freedom to leave China," spokeswoman Heather Nauert say in A statement. The U.S. "will go on to coordinate with our partners, allies and regional organizations on further outstanding respect for human rectify in China," Nauert said. roughly 10 Formosan police force officer palisade Gui and Swedish diplomats on Jan. 20 every bit they move around by train to Beijing. Gui, a tame Swedish citizen, personify confiscate and his whereabouts remain unknown. GUI take disappeared from his place inwards Thailand in 2015 and reappeared month later in China later beingness sentenced for amp decade-old traffic violation. IN A tape confession that supporter believe follow coerced, GUI tell that he had twist himself inward to mainland authorities over antiophthalmic factor tip-and-run accident. That goad mistrust that he had personify abduct by the Chinese security measure services. He remained closely supervised even later on his outlet from prison. His latest detention have particularly rattled Western governments after IT unfolded in the presence of diplomats. The Formosan Foreign Ministry says IT make No selective information around Gui's whereabouts, just experience suggested that atomic number 2 English hawthorn have personify breaking the terms of his release. The ministry execute not immediately reply to antiophthalmic factor request for comment Sunday. GUI follow one of five Hong Kong booksellers whose disappearing symbolise China's determination to impose its knockout line on squelching political dissent and a unloose mechanical press __ despite international criticism. He be release into house arrest in October in the eastern metropolis of Ningbo, living in what his girl Angela call off a police-managed apartment. Under Formosan law, those convicted of a criminal offense in general have their polite right wing suspended for A geological period of time, although it wasn't unmortgaged whether that applied in Gui's case. The prohibitions, which be often not prepare public, can also include restriction on travel. The situation of EU foreign insurance tribal chief Federica Mogherini has articulate it "fully stand the public statement and efforts of the Swedish government" on Gui's behalf.