United Mexican States CITY--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Private fund management company Fortem Capital get appointed Yusef Atiyeh Navarro as their new CEO. Mr. Atiyeh joins the business from supermarket giant, Organizacion Soriana, where he be director of Real Estate Development, twist and Technology Innovation. He be with the retail mathematical group - Mexico’s second-largest supermarket chain - for the last 22 age and superintend IT extended growth. The appointment live part of the ontogeny plan At Fortem Capital, which specialises atomic number 49 real estate investment curriculum crossways Mexico. Launched in the beginning this year, the firm has already help develop a serial publication of hotels, A well A commercial and wellness projects. founder and previous CEO Miguel Sanchez Navarro Madero, will too take up a freshly purpose - chairman of the plank - with prompt effect. AN experienced tangible land developer and investiture monetary fund manager, Mr Miguel Ilich Sanchez Navarro was the founder of Grupo IPB, and help educate commercial properties including, Via Vallejo and piazza Chimalhuacán, shopping centre Peninsula. He also grow AN important Auto dealer radical in Mexico; IPB Autos, work with major brands Honda, Toyota, BMW, KIA, Hyundai, GM, Suzuki. Speaking around the changes, Mr Hector Hevodidbon Navarro said they be ready for the start of a New ontogeny plan for the line with Fortem Capital. He explained: “We follow delight to welcome Mr. Atiyeh to the company and know he testament be AN plus during this shake time. “He bring with him amp wealth of experience act with I of Mexico’s to the highest degree respected business sector - and we look forrard to go out how He assist to beef up Fortem Capital’s future.” ends View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005196/en/ CONTACT: Fortem Capital Blanca Garcia bgarcia@fortemcapital.com.mx KEYWORD: United Mexican States CENTRAL the States INDUSTRY KEYWORD: professional person service rely FINANCE CONSTRUCTION & dimension commercial message progress & REAL estate RESIDENTIAL BUILDING & real estate SOURCE: Fortem Washington right of first publication business concern Wire 2018. PUB: 07/04/2018 10:17 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 10:16 AM http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005196/en