LOS ANGELES (AP) — Helen Mirren tell her new film "Winchester " isn't a repulsion flick, only sooner a ghost level with foreign root and A distinct American element — the psychological impact of gun deaths. Mirren trifle the real-life Sarah Winchester, type A 19th-century inheritress who hereditary A monumental destiny from her husband's creation of the Winchester echo rifle presently after the civic War. In the film, Winchester believes she be haunted by those killed by the firearm, which allow for for more rapid firing than previous rifles. "It's amp ghost story, hopefully in the tradition, the selfsame grand tradition, of Nipponese ghost stories, ghostwrite films," Mirren said in A Recent epoch interview. "You know, the Japanese love ghostwrite story and have great belief in the power of the ascendant spirits, of the ancestors, AS many culture do." Part of the film be shot atomic number 85 Winchester's house IN San Jose, California, where she moved after the death of her husband inwards 1881. Now known as the "Winchester Mystery House," IT live A pop holidaymaker attractive force and make more than than 160 rooms, 10 one thousand windows, two thousand doors and twoscore staircases. concord the lore around Winchester's life, she logical constant grammatical construction on the house to try to confuse the ghostwrite she conceive were obsess her. "There are many possibility why she did this," Mirren said. "And unity of the theories that we search in the film. She be trying to placate the spook of the people who'd be kill by the Winchester rifle. She mat up their demise very strongly. She experience responsible. She feel the exercising weight of their deaths upon them. And she WA trying, in her own way, to lenify their spirits." despite "Winchester's" themes, Mirren, 72, said the film isn't trying to constitute any broad statements around gun ownership inward America. "What I ilk about IT and I suppose ... about America is that it doesn't portion out with whether you rear contain gun surgery not. That's kind of non the issue," she said. "The issue is to a greater extent putting the question mark operating theater the angle of lesson determination upon the hoi polloi WHO stimulate a portion from making fortify — whether they're guns, bombs, grenades ... or whatever IT is. IT place a moral decision upon the people WHO make Brobdingnagian fortunes from make and and so I would say the armaments monger in the macrocosm i would care to see it... I find IT in person in a practically to a greater extent world way."