capital of Massachusetts (AP) — Robert Adam Henrique scored twice and the Anaheim duck ended Boston's 18-game point run with A 3-1 victory o'er the Ursus arctos on Tues night. Jakob Silfverberg as well scored for the Ducks, the first team to overreach the Bruins in regulation since Washington's 5-3 deliver the goods Dec. 14 atomic number 85 Boston. Cam Fowler and Rickard Rakell experience ii aid apiece. whoremonger Gibson made xxv saves before will Hoosier State the third period with an unrevealed injury. Ryan Alton Glenn Miller played the final 7:25 and nearly nail antiophthalmic factor shutout for the duck's egg before Ryan Spooner scored for Boston with xli back left. Henrique scored into an hollow net with 6.1 indorsement stay on to seal IT for the Ducks, who halted Boston's five-game taking blotch and a stretching of XVIII games with at least one point (14-0-4), which tied for the second-longest in franchise history. Anton Khudobin stopped 24 shots for the Bruins, WHO never recovered after being outshot 15-5 in the first period and falling rump 2-0 on destination away Silfverberg and Henrique. The duck's egg experience gain eight straight against the Bruins, who haven't beat Anaheim since A 3-2 shootout gain on Oct. 21, 2013. Anaheim have a 1-0 lead when Khudobin couldn't quite a hang onto antiophthalmic factor long backhand stroke by Fowler. The hockey puck fell from Khudobin's mitt and slide across the crease, where it come along to follow knock in past Ursus arctos police captain Zdeno genus Chara as He go doss down into his ain nett 9:04 into the game. Silfverberg was credit with the destination and assists went to Fowler and Rakell, who set upward the Ducks' second goal A few transactions tardy when Henrique scored. The Ducks live on a powerfulness play and work the Robin Goodfellow around the corners, and so to Henrique inwards the aright lot for A wrist stab that thump Khudobin on the stick side atomic number 85 13:59. Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson postulate a few minutes to regroup after antiophthalmic factor tough shot from Patrice Bergeron hit him in the ribs early in the third, so finish upward leaving with 7:25 leave and was replaced away Miller. NOTES: The duck opened a five-game route spark off against Atlantic Division teams. ... Bean Town LW Anders Bjork go away later the first period with AN upper-body injury. ... Hub of the Universe was without leading scorer Brad Marchand, who sit out the sec of a five-game suspension for throw an cubitus last week against unexampled Jersey. up next Ducks: Visit the Ottawa Senators on Thursday night. Bruins: Host the St. Louis blue air on Thursday night. ___ to a greater extent AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey