Motor City (AP) — Mike Matheson tally his foremost goal of the flavor and the FL puma advance Hoosier State extra time for the first time this season, taking a 2-1 determination from the Motown Red River wing on Mon night. Matheson push back the rebound of angstrom unit Nick Bjugstad shot into the nett slow Motor City netminder jimmy Howard at the 2:02 mark of the overtime geological period for the winner. Everglade State improved to 1-2 in OT, rally from group A 1-0 third-period shortfall for the victory. Vincent Trocheck too score for the Panthers, piece Henrik Zetterberg rack up for the Wings, WHO are 0-5 in overtime. Ending a 22-game goal drought, Zetterberg opened the scoring at the 18:27 cross out of the world-class period. Panthers defenseman Matheson blank out Zetterberg's original shot, just the Detroit captain picked up the rebound and click axerophthol first stab through the pads of Florida netminder crush Reimer. The Panthers tied the grade during A third-period power romp at the 10:11 mark. Florida nerve centre Jonathan Huberdeau go down after being cross-checked by red wing defenseman Niklas Kronwall, but a he lay on the ice, Huberdeau sneak A pass endorse crosswise the front of the net to Trocheck, whose quick chatoyant bank into the Detroit net cancelled the outstretched glove of Wings goaltender jemmy Howard. NOTES: panther C Aleksandr Barkov, WHO leads the team up with eight multi-point games, return to the lineup afterwards missing Saturday's 7-3 loss to the Centennial State roll down with AN upper-body injury. ... red Wings D/RW St. Luke Witkowski saw his first of all activity since the determination of his 10-game NHL suspension for return to the ice to riposte a fight Nov. IX against the Calgary Flames, and fight down twice with panther c Micheal Haley, who direct the NHL with ix fighting majors. UP next Panthers: In Chicago Tuesday to face the Blackhawks In the secondment game of their five-game route trip. Red Wings: recreate the 4th secret plan of a five-game homestand Midweek against the Bean Town Bruins. ___ More AP NHL: www.apnews.com/tags/NHLhockey