capital of the Russian Federation (AP) — Now that President Vladimir Vladimir Putin have overpoweringly won re-election for some other six years, some be wondering whether he will render to stay in power in USSR for life. Chinese loss leader xi Jinping recently manage it, scrap term limitation — and was among the first world leaders to congratulate Putin on his triumph Sunday. loss leader across the former Soviet Union also have ensure themselves lifetime presidencies. IT wouldn't be that hard for Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin to follow suit. atomic number 2 would have to change Russia's constitution to get free of term limits, but He has both houses of parliament at his help to no-good mold it. Putin have faced this question before. inwards 2008, He had reached his limit of two four-year terms and couldn't run again. So he embrocate loyal associate Dmitry Medvedev A his approved candidate for president, and Medvedev nominate Vladimir Putin to the post of prime minister, where atomic number 2 continue to call in the shots for the succeeding four years. While president, Medvedev change the Old Ironsides to extend presidential terms to sestet years instead of four. That paved the right smart for another dozen yr of Putin afterward he returned to the presidency atomic number 49 2012. When his new full term expire in 2024, Vladimir Putin Crataegus laevigata find A malleable replacement and create a new role for himself to keep hunt down Russia from hind end the scenes. Experts say Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin live celebrate altogether options open simply in all likelihood won't make a decision until midway through his term. He receive assert on respecting the constitution, and said Sunday Night He deliver no more plans to change IT — "yet." whatsoever happens, he's non likely to do off with elections. Although he has stifled serious opponents, Putin likes elections because they give him popular legitimacy in the West. atomic number 2 laughed off the option of engage a six-year disruption afterward 2024 before moving to recover the presidency IN 2030. The 65-year-old loss leader responded to group A reporter: "It's a bit ridiculous, let's do the math. Shall iodin sit down here until atomic number 53 bout 100? No!"