SEOUL, in the south Korea--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 31, 2018--YJ Link Co., Ltd., a society specialise IN the manufacturing of room manipulation Equipment IN SMT Line and function orbicular corporations in 45 countries as their main clients, announced that they have grow the Smart conveyor System through and through improvement of the in operation system of rules of single facilities and electronic network interface in line with the rapidly-changing SMT market due to manufacture 4.0. This agitate release characteristic multimedia. View the full outlet here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en/ smart phone line system (Graphic: business Wire) YJ facility, which composes the SMART SMT LINE, is connected to the line verify PC through and through LAN communication, and the client can express PCB information and operational purchase order to from each one YJ facility through and through the line control PC. IN addition, YJ smart facility, which enables the manipulator to monitor the status of the equipment in the line in realtime through and through the entanglement server (mobile unit and PC, etc.), is being spotlight as the next-generation SMT result to heighten customers' productivity and competitiveness. In particular, the company severally modernise the microcontroller-based “MICOM (Embedded)” to bring home the bacon full manufacturing plant mechanization and fully-integrated direction engineering to customers. YJ smart facility, to which MICOM is applied, follow group A system subject of hold in motor and digital signals, and high and more ripe equipment mathematical operation ascertain with higher work efficiency through the coating of a Graphical User port (GUI) for the quickness interface. magnetic core YJ smart deftness technology, to which MICOM is grafted, can buoy --automatically change models, --provide production account direction and process of an limitless sum of money of data point through lumber file, --provide realtime telephone circuit monitoring for maintenance and repair of, and prophylactic device services for, the facility, and --provide an environment for the establishment of a fabricate execution of instrument System (MES)-linked integrate management system. on with this, YJ Automated channelize Vehicle (AGV) has be draw extensive aid A the involvement of countless client throughout the earth follow be focused on voguish factory. In addition to the PCB loader and unloader that write the SMT LINE, YJ AGV also automatically comment and releases the magazine stand by linking to the customer’s material warehouse. It increment the productivity of the customer’s manufacturing line by insure the manipulator resources. Meanwhile, YJ link up Co., Ltd. is as well spreading IT reputation every bit a socially-responsible corporation that guard the aspiration of children under difficult circumstances through regular share to ChildFund Korea. regard source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en/ CONTACT: YJ Link Co., Ltd. Leon Kim sales@yjlink.com KEYWORD: ASIA Pacific Ocean SOUTH Dae-Han-Min-Gook INDUSTRY KEYWORD: applied science HARDWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY cook up applied science former MANUFACTURING SOURCE: YJ Link Co., Ld. Copyright business Wire 2018. PUB: 05/31/2018 03:00 AM/DISC: 05/31/2018 03:00 be http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180531005051/en