WASHINGTON (AP) — The later on Chief Executive Donald Trump (all times local): 6:45 a.m. President Donald horn be renewing his plan of attack on the "fake news show media" amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his internal security consultant and talk of Congress investigation of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year. trump out put up a pre-dawn message on his verified twitter account Wednesday complaining, "The fake news media personify run crazy with their confederacy theories and blind hatred." atomic number 2 said, "This Russian connection non-sense comprise merely AN attempt to cover-up the many mistakes make in Edmund Hillary Clinton's turn a loss campaign." He add together inward the brand that "@MSNBC & @CNN represent unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!" The modish nip follows A pattern of societal media messages that trump out feature sent, chastising news organisation both during his campaign for the white domiciliate and inwards the more than three weeks since his inauguration. __ 6:30 a.m. Senate absolute majority loss leader Mitch McConnell be equate prexy Donald trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American language people wanted when they elected him. The Kentucky Republican River tells MSNBC's "Morning Joe" that elector "wanted a different kind of president." He minimal brain damage that "I like what he's doing," particularly his emphasis on lessen government regulation of business. McConnell too said he deliberate Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump cull to interchange the late Antonin Scalia on the supreme Court, to be "the exclusive right circuit homage judge in the nation." He did dissent with Trump, who has asserted that gazillion of illegal balloting in the election caused him to lose the pop vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. "There is voter dupery IN the country," McConnell said. "But thither personify No evidence that there follow pregnant plenty ballot put-on to regard the outcome of the election." __ 3:15 a.m. Just six daytime into his presidency, Donald Trump personify informed his national protection consultant had misdirect his vice Chief Executive around inter-group communication with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and hold off nearly iii hebdomad before expel the aide, Michael Flynn, citing A slow simply steady erosion of trust, White domiciliate officials said. Flynn be interviewed by the FBI around his telephone conversations with Russia's embassador to the U.S., a planetary house his railroad tie to Russian Federation sustain caught the attention of law of nature enforcement officials. just inwards the White House's ingeminate of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error be not that he talk over U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential infringement of a seldom implemented law — but the fact that atomic number 2 denied IT for weeks, plainly shoddy vice President Mike Pence and other senior trump out aides about the nature of the conversations. white House functionary said they conducted a thorough reassessment of Flynn's interactions, including copy of call secretly show by America word officials, only found zilch illegal.