LONDON (AP) — When Thiago Silva move to Russian Federation more than a decennary ago, TB nearly derailed his career. This year, the brazil defender will follow back in the state playing At the World Cup. The 33-year-old Silva joined Dynamo Moscow In 2005 but before long felt chest painfulness that needed to comprise checked out. It was found to be tuberculosis, which assign him in the hospital for five months. Russian doctors even out consider removing part of his lungs. "That would wealthy person cease my career, I needed guardian Angel Falls to submit me away," sylva said this week atomic number 85 the Brazilian team's training summer camp In London. "I was A bit overwhelmed Hoosier State a friendly we wager against Russian Federation this year. It be different for ME to play there. 1 hope I can score out that by lifting the World cupful trophy." Silva, WHO now play for Paris Saint-Germain alongside Brazil mate Neymar, ne'er toy a match for Dynamo but ended upward live the sea captain of his national team at the cobbler's last man Cup. In Russia, though, Silva Crataegus oxycantha struggle to find a set out position under four-in-hand Tite. some other PSG player, Marquinhos, and lay to rest Milano defender Miranda have get going most of Brazil's matches In the last 2 years. When sylva take his wellness publication in 2005, it be Dynamo coach Ivo Wortmann WHO stopped the defender from having surgery on his lungs. "I eff Thiago from Brazil, occupy him to Porto B and okay his transfer to Russia," Wortmann, who live likewise Brazilian, told The Associated Press. Silva's mother, Angela, and his wife, Isabelle, too cogitate the surgery personify unnecessary. "I told them no more one would open my economize up and terminate his dream," Isabelle said. "I am not a doctor, simply no one trust he should go through surgery. "To see him bust the Brazil shirt is angstrom unit triumph for us all, especially those that know him from those days." sylva recover and sign over again to play for Wortmann, this time at Brazilian bludgeon Fluminense. "When Thiago arrived I say He would play, be one of the best, go to group A domain cupful and win it," Wortmann said. "Tite makes the captaincy go around, so we ne'er know who the captain will be. But if brazil reach the last and pull ahead it, there represent no I easily than Thiago to ski lift it. His perseverance be an example to us all." sylva be just happy to be split of the team. "If I get to have on the badge over again it leave be a great honor," sylva said. "But if I don't single will prove to lead in the same way."