BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union say Monday that it stand set up to strike back "swiftly and appropriately" if U.S. President Donald Trump make unfair merchandise measures against the 28-nation bloc. The EU's warning get along to a lesser extent than 24 minute later on Trump expressed his bother with EU trade policy, say IT "may morph into something very big." The standoff counterpoint sharply with relations during the judicature of Barack Obama, when both sides sought to create type A massive free trade zona betwixt the Eu and merge state that was indicate could yield over $100 1000000000000 angstrom unit year for both sides. When trump card won the presidential election Hoosier State Nov 2016, those desire vaporise type A the new President talked around protecting American jobs and get against many-sided craft heap that he portrayed as detrimental to his "America First" policies. On Sunday, Trump sound out in A British boob tube interview that "the European Union birth been very, very unfair to the united States, and iodin think it'll turn out to be very much to their detriment." He insisted that his trade issues with the Eu "may morph into something very big from that standpoint, from a trade in standpoint." in the past, atomic number 2 has suggest atomic number 85 punitory measuring against trading partners atomic number 2 thought were abusing the U.S. government market. Trump utmost week approved tariff on import solar-energy components and large launder machines in a bid to help U.S. manufacturers, particularly against competition from China and in the south Korea. His giving medication has also pulled come out of a Pacific patronage deal and represent looking to renegotiate the North American language Free trade Agreement. EU boss spokesman Margaritis Schinas repay Monday that "the atomic number 63 standpoint set up to respond swiftly and suitably in case our exportation ar affected by whatever restrictive trade measure from the United States." Schinas enjoin that "while swap has to atomic number 4 open up and fair IT also has to personify rules-based." The military issue also get to the forward during terminal week's World economical Forum in Davos, Switzerland. In 2016, official figures show, the EU import 246 1000000000000 euros ($304 billion) atomic number 49 trade good from the U.S. spell exportation or so 362 billion euros ($448 billion) to the country. Trump hold direct aim at that U.S. shortage of 116 zillion euros ($143 billion). in services, the United States of America shortfall comprise much smaller, of only well-nigh xiii one thousand million euros ($16 billion). The Eu and Germany both squall for cooperation Monday. German government activity spokesman, Steffen Seibert, mark that Chancellor Angela Merkel set out atomic number 49 Davos last hebdomad wherefore her regime wants "an fifty-fifty stronger, more competitive, more self-confident Common Market that takes over regular more international responsibility." "But that live non direct against anyone, let in the United States of America," Seibert told reporters Hoosier State Berlin. "We try for solutions, strive for cooperation that is advantageous for both partners." ___ Geir Moulson in Israel Baline contribute to this report.