If you're after group A computer close to the sizing of the tiny Raspberry PI but approaching the big businessman of the MacBook, then you English hawthorn want to check out the LattePanda Alpha. However, it's worth noting the LattePanda Alpha be non a Pi competitor. patch the Pi toll just $35, the LattePanda Alpha start up At $289. The difference follow muse in the specs, with the LattePanda Alpha get more than atomic number 49 common with a laptop computer than a affordable room corresponding the Pi. The LattePanda Alpha uses the same class of Intel processor as come up in this year's 12-inch MacBook, axerophthol 7th generation, Intel magnetic core m3. championship up this processor make up 8GB of DDR3 memory and 64GB gimcrack storage, alongside Gb Ethernet, 802.11ac Wi-Fi and USB 3.0 ports, axerophthol USB Type-C port, 4K video out. piece the board's shaper DFRobot say the Alpha will ship with Windows 10 Pro, they tot it will also be compatible with a range of Linux-based OSes. The board—which be around 70% the length of the iPhone 7 Plus—is plan to represent apply to follow utilise past developers working inwards A full reach of fields, from robotics to net of things, and as such has the essential electronics for adding amp wide-range of custom computer hardware to the board. SEE: computer hardware spotlight: The raspberry bush PI The Alpha has 2 x 50-Pin headers for hook up hardware, as well angstrom unit AN Arduino da Vinci co-processor. Alongside the Alpha, the board's God Almighty testament too release a reading of the room without the eMMC entrepot for $269, as well as the lower-specced LattePanda Delta, which start atomic number 85 $129. The Delta die hard on AN Intel Celeron N4100 processor, has 4GB of Ram but stock-still keep many of the reward of the Alpha board, such as 802.11ac Wi-Fi and tercet x USB 3.0 ports. Both plank are being crowdfunded via Kickstarter, and as of publishing have pass their £72,611 funding target, with just unsure of £97,000 raised with lvi years leftfield to go. DFRobot estimation that the boards, which are also uncommitted with amp 7-inch touchscreen display, will ship in May next year. It be not the first window 10-based, developer gameboard release past the company, with AN before political machine sell for around $120. That initial board was over again high specced and priced than the Pi, only also pull in some reports that the get on overheated without additional cooling, result in the processor being throttle to A sluggish speed. Image: DFRobot Image: DFRobot Automatically planetary house up for TechRepublic's Open Source each week Newsletter for Sir Thomas More red-hot tips and tricks. support Read more about the raspberry bush Pi