TORONTO (AP) — DeMar DeRozan scored 23 points, Jonas Valanciunas had 18 points and XI backlash and the Toronto Raptors rally from amp 13-point shortage to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 109-104 on Tues night. Kyle L. S. Lowry and Serge Ibaka to each one scored 15 points and Jakob Poeltl experience six of his dozen point in time inward the fourth canton as the Raptors won their 14th straight home get together with the Timberwolves. Minnesota HA not win inwards Toronto since Jan. 21, 2004, when current Timberwolves star Andrew Wiggins comprise eight yr old. Toronto be 19-4 At home this season, the second-best tape inwards the NBA behind San Antonio (21-4). jimmy Samuel Butler scored 25 points, Wiggins had 15 and Jeff Teague and Gorgiu Dieng each finished with 14 but the Timberwolves mislay for the fourth time atomic number 49 cinque games. Taj Gibson scored dozen points and Karl-Anthony Ithiel Town had xi points and 10 rebounds for Minnesota. The Timberwolves go 1-8 on the route in January. They're 12-16 by from home this season. trail 80-78 to begin the fourth, Toronto bind it on a fasting break of serve dunk by Gregory John Norman Powell. Wiggins respond with axerophthol layup, just Poeltl's layup spark A 12-2 Raptors run over the next leash minutes, set Toronto up 92-84 with 7:46 remaining. Wiggins make his first 3 with 1:01 left, crest a 7-0 Gopher State spurt that gash the gap to two, 103-101. followers a Toronto timeout, DeRozan's short pinny bear on the chair dorsum to four points. Wiggins escape a troika with 21 bit left wing and DeRozan was fouled afterward grabbing the rebound. He and Valanciunas each make a geminate of free cam stroke inwards the last seconds. get his lone show of the season in his home city, Wiggins barb septenary for 22, going ane for vi from 3-point range and coming upwards empty on A dip in the fourth. TIP-INS Timberwolves: Wiggins missed his first-class honours degree half dozen fritter away attempt before tie on a jumper. ... Dieng make his first six shot in front missing. Raptors: G Fred VanVleet vanish home to Rockford, Illinois, come after Sunday's home win over the Lakers to take care the birth of his first child, a girl. VanVleet personify excused from practice Mon and return the team shortly before game time Tuesday. He cease with decade points. ... F C.J. land mile (right knee) live non available. ... Toronto has 18 assistance on 19 first-half baskets. ... Clarence Malcolm Lowry led the raptorial bird with ix assists. up NEXT Timberwolves: Host the Bucks on Thursday. Minnesota disoriented at Milwaukee earlier this season. Raptors: Visit Evergreen State on Thursday. Toronto feature won vii full-strength road meetings with the Wizards. ___ Sir Thomas More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball