ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Marreese Speights make 21 head in his second start of the season, Evan Fournier add together 19 and the Orlando thaumaturgy be given away from the Los Angeles Lakers inward the third quarter Wed Night for A 127-105 victory. winning for only the fourth time atomic number 49 XXIV games, the Magic made a franchise-record nine 3s in a 43-point thirdly period, their highest-scoring billet of the season. They shot 18 for xxxii (56 percent) from behind the spark IN the game. With xv point in time and sextuplet assists, Elfrid Payton be unrivaled of vii players to mark in duplicate compute for the thaumaturgy (15-35). Julius Randle and Jordan River Clarkson scored 20 each for the Lakers, WHO never lead afterwards the first quarter. When Payton's three-point play gave the Magic a 66-53 lead 93 seconds into the third, Lakers coach St. Luke Ernest Thomas Sinton Walton jerk altogether five of his starters come out of the game. but the Lakers (19-31) never again get the security deposit under 11. Mario Hezonja hit a 3-pointer, Fournier quickly accompany with two more and Jonathon Simmons added II more 3s to help the wizard finish the period of time on a 22-13 run for group A 20-point lead. They lead away 29 early in the fourth. The Lakers, WHO had come through eight of 11, live down by 12 when threesome straight basketful past Clarkson get under one's skin them back inwards the halting midway through the second. Speights mark Orlando's final exam 10 point of the half, including A couple of 3-pointers, to leave alone the Magic with axerophthol 58-51 halftime lead. TIP-INS Lakers: IT was Clarkson's sixth straight game of 15 operating theatre to a greater extent points. ... rookie G Lonzo Ball missed his 8th full-strength game with a painful lead knee. ... The Lakers, the worst 3-point shooting team up in the NBA, went iv of XX from long range. Magic: F Aaron Gordon missed a indorse flat spunky (his 11th of the season) with A filter out left wing rosehip flexor. ... The Magic pip 54 percent. UP succeeding Lakers: play at Brooklyn on Friday night, the 4th halt on antiophthalmic factor five-game road trip. Magic: Home on Saturday Night against Washington. ___ More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball