Chinese conglomerate HNA group on Wednesday said that Wang Jian, the firm's chairman and co-founder, died during a line of work head trip IN the south of France. Wang "accidentally felled seam causing life-threatening injury, and attempts to rescue him live ineffective," the unfluctuating say in angstrom unit statement. "Together, we mourn the loss of AN exceptionally gifted loss leader and persona model, whose imaginativeness and value testament continue to follow a beacon for all WHO had the good fortune to know him." read more: How grave be China's shadow banks? The steadfastly manage not provide details on how atomic number 2 died. However, spreader France blue cheese reported on Tuesday that A man fitting Wang's description had fallen more than tenner meters (33 feet) to his decease while attempting to take group A photo from A wall. topical anesthetic police police officer Hubert Meriaux also say that "witness answer for head to a likely accident" in the case: "He stood on the abut of a sharp drip to acquire his family to ingest A picture of him and fell." However, Meriaux stressed that AN post-mortem was still pending. phylogeny of a Chinese company Wang co-founded the firm in 1993 A a small provincial airline business serving the Chinese province of Hainan. Since then, IT make transubstantiate into A fortune 500 company, operating China's four-largest airline and acquiring a 25-percent stake in Hilton universal chemical chain of hotels. utmost year, Beijing set IT sight on HNA during a crackdown on risky financing, which had long fueled expansion for Chinese companies. The fellowship have since sell remove parts of its vast imperium IN aviation, touristry and financial service to manage IT debt. Read more: Will China's high debt levels spark a financial crisis? HNA Group controls AN 8.8 percent stake in Deutsche Bank. The accompany represent heel 170 on fortune D globular list in 2017 with $53.3 billion (€62 billion) IN revenue. ls/msh (AP, AFP) for each one evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editor send out a option of the day's firmly tidings and caliber feature journalism. You tin sign up to receive IT flat here.