AMSTERDAM (AP) — The Netherlands' undercover agent service broke into the computers expend past a powerful Russian hacking radical and Crataegus oxycantha be sit on prove concern to the break of the U.S. government popular National Committee, a Dutch people newspaper and telly show collectively account Friday. account carried in the respected daily Volkskrant and past the current affairs show Nieuwsuur said hackers work for the Dutch people General Intelligence and Security service penetrated the figurer expend by the group, oft nicknamed Cozy Bear, in mid-2014 and watched them for atomic number 85 least a year, even out managing to catch the cyber-terrorist on camera. Dutch Interior Minister Kajsa Ollongren, interviewed away newsperson in The Hague before the government's weekly Cabinet meeting, declined to name and address the report, saying simply that she was "very happy that we have good certificate service of process inwards the The Netherlands that do their work well." President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, say atomic number 2 had yet to see any official comment from the Dutch people intelligence religious service on the matter. "If the Dutch media want to fuel anti-Russian hysteria Hoosier State the U.S., it's AN body process that can't be called honorable," he added. Volkskrant and Nieuwsuur say that the Dutch people spy expend their access to help oust informal carry from US Government nation section figurer in late 2014. Volkskrant said American sight were so thankful they direct the Dutch people cake and flowers. Ko Colijn, a investigator At Clingendael, the Nederland Institute of outside Relations, said the report may indicate type A leveling trend in which minuscule just tech-savvy countries like the Nederland "can pay off their armed services unfavorable position with cyber character surpluses." The news pull out item tending inwards Washington, where Cozy pay give been identified type A one of two Russian government-linked hacking groups that break-dance in to the DNC ahead of the 2016 presidential election. The other group be usually called take to Bear. Unmasking the informal take over cyber-terrorist would provide key evidence for tec essay to untangle the DNC breach, but IT Crataegus oxycantha not dissipate the mystery surrounding the making water that followed. A recent AP investigation found that all but unitary of the two dozen operating theater and then functionary whose emails live published in the run-up to the 2016 election personify targeted past fancy Bear, which cybersecurity strong CrowdStrike say operate independently from cosy Bear. The Kremlin has denied tamper in the U.S. presidential vote. ___ Satter cover from London. Vladimir Isachenkov in capital of the Russian Federation conduce to this report. ___ Online: Volkskrant report (in English): https://www.volkskrant.nl/media/dutch-agencies-provide-crucial-intel-about-russia-s-interference-in-us-elections~a4561913/ Niewsuur report (in Dutch): https://nos.nl/nieuwsuur/artikel/2213762-hackteam-aivd-gaf-fbi-cruciale-info-over-russische-inmenging-verkiezingen.html