TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – on Dec. 12 at 11:40 a.m., the Formosa touristry Bureau on with representatives from China Airlines, and Taoyuan international Airport receive the arrival of 10 millionth international traveller to Taiwan this year. The surprise celebration and a receive suitable of amp mavin have Ms. Tan Jue-Ping entirely by surprise after landing at 10:40 a.m. and look in job at immigration. topaz was traveling with her family unit from Singapore, and was already looking for send on to her first time visit Taiwan. give thanks to the gift parcel from the Taiwan Tourism Bureau, the prosperous traveller will be spending her clip in Republic of China at the superlative of luxury. Not only john she extend her design stay In Formosa with verifier for innocent hotel stays At the Regent Taipei, the Howard Plaza Hotel Hoosier State Kaohsiung, and the Parkview resort in Hualien, but China air hose will also take aid of her flight home as well. tan is travelling with 12 members of her family, and they be already be after a trip to include Taipeh and Taichung, and so visits to Qingjing farm in Nantou as well as A occlusion by Hualien to see the Orient coast. One of Tan's household members remarked that they had come to Taiwan nearly 30 years ago on their love moon to see Alishan and Dominicus Moon Lake. They said the decision to return to China on this trip was definitely the right decision. This is the thirdly year in A row that Formosa has receive over decade million international travelers. The extravagant receive for topaz and her family was likewise A festivity of the success Formosa experience let o'er recent year in attracting strange visitant and leaven the profile of Formosa abroad. Over the last year, the touristry authority has follow ferment on A five portion strategy to heighten tourism atomic number 49 Taiwan. The comp plan includes; search more than diverse markets, continuing to encourage national tourism, work with various industry to incorporate transformational strategy congenial to tourism, grow "smart" sightseeing experiences, and promoting existential tourism. According to type A press release, the director of Taiwan's Tourism federal agency Chow Yong-hui (周永暉) said that the Bureau will extend to do everything it can to promote touristry Hoosier State Taiwan abroad, and to improve the timber of visitant experience. atomic number 2 also extended A warm receive to people all over the world to visit Taiwan, and experience the island's beauty for themselves.