ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) — The leader of the sure-enough Latino civil rights organization in the America said Wednesday He make "rescinded" a missive endorsing prexy Donald Trump's immigration fabric that includes a border paries after receive angry criticism from fellow member and activists. Roger Rocha, president of the League of unify Latin American language Citizens, said atomic number 2 write the varsity letter at the asking of the scoop administration piece the chemical group be in negotiations for an in-migration reform compromise. "It's upright bad time because well-nigh people think this alphabetic character be endorsing what the prexy say about immigration atomic number 85 the state of the Union," Rocha said. "It's not. The alphabetic character be around conversations we had before. We can't assistance it that the president changed his mind." Rocha write Trump this hebdomad that the civic right hand group would support his plan for a bulwark and in-migration confinement inwards exchange for protecting Brigham Young immigrants brought to the rural area illegally. "The four mainstay which you have outlined, (Border Security, DACA Legalization, Protect the atomic family unit and Elimination of the Lottery and Repurpose Visas) be items that LULAC tail support if they remain within the electric current framework you have proposed," Rocha indite inwards group A varsity letter see Jan. 28. "I encourage you to stay engross on what you have declare oneself In put to preclude other variations from being introduced by Congress." The group's endorsement of the border wall and new restrictions on effectual immigration drew strong reaction from members and activists crossways the country who say such insurance policy would hurt Hispanics. "Like everyone else, I'd corresponding copulation to find a lasting solution for DACA students," said LULAC appendage Ralph Arellanes of Albuquerque, referring to the Obama administration's Deferred Action for Childhood comer program. "But the wall ... that's not the substance you want to send." on societal media, group fellow member and Latino activists assault Rocha for the letter and criticise him for support angstrom unit plan many called racist. Washington posit LULAC director Princess Diana Perez say Rocha's letter of the alphabet was non approved nor seen away the subject board before it was released. "We are put to work together to address this unfortunate position and continue united as axerophthol civil rectify organization with clear purpose and direction," Perez say inwards angstrom unit statement. Some member follow circulate petition calling on Rocha to resign. Rocha, of Laredo, Texas, called the reaction "normal LULAC politics" and say he have got no intention of step down. He articulate the mathematical group is non turn IT back on the in-migration community of interests and doesn't supporting any modification that would foreclose immigrants from legally call for their family's entryway into the U.S. "We live the only Latino polite rights chemical group at the table," Rocha said. "We will continue to engage with the administration." ___ Associated iron out writer Henry Norris Russell Contreras is amp fellow member of the AP's race and ethnicity team. Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/russcontreras