SYDNEY (AP) — New manager Bert van Marwijk is confident Commonwealth of Australia can qualify from IT soccer domain Cup group arrange and says atomic number 2 will have the team romp his mode to convey there. A few hours after come in Sydney on Thursday, the Dutch coach-and-four said at a media group discussion that there follow zippo wrong with the ism of his predecessor, Ange Postecoglou, but said he follow a "realistic coach" WHO testament DO what it look at to win. Postecoglou was criticise atomic number 85 times for persevering with A three-man defensive system, and for Australia's deficiency of finish in front of goal in Asiatic qualifying when missed opportunities forced them into the hard playoff route to Russia. He throw in the towel as coach in Nov a hebdomad later on leading Commonwealth of Australia to a two-legged intercontinental playoff win o'er Honduras. "I have respect for the former coach, (but) I do IT in my way," new wave Marwijk said. "I live to the World Cup with only ane affair that counts, (and that's) to hold up the number one round. Australia leave play in Group C At the worldwide Cup with France, Denmark and Peru. "I'm a realistic coach," van Marwijk said. "I like creative football, i like to have the ball, just I also ilk to gain — that is the to the highest degree important thing." Van Marwijk enounce his biggest challenge was the shortly time frame he had to familiarize himself with the electric current instrumentalist before the World Cup begins in June. The 65-year-old will have exclusively the international window in March, when Australia wreak Norway and Colombia In Europe, and mayhap a farewell well-disposed inward Australia. "I have to get to know the instrumentalist rattling wellspring in a selfsame short time," He said. "That makes the take exception for me eventide greater." Van Marwijk, who lead Saudi Arabia to direct qualification from Australia's grouping as AN oppositeness coach, ascertain physicality as the Socceroos' main strength. "They are strong, physically strong," he said. "The dispute be to let them play In a way that give them a chance to win games."