WASHINGTON (AP) — An interactive single-valued function found online fire show the fix and activities of people who use fitness twist such as Fitbit, nurture protection concerns about soldiers and other masses who are atomic number 85 U.S. military base Hoosier State sensitive areas. The planetary stir up Map, published past the GPS tracking company Strava, utilise satellite information to map the locations and motion of indorser to the company's fitness table service all over a two-year period, by illuminating areas of activity, The George Washington post reported Sunday. Strava sound out it HA 27 billion users around the world, let in people WHO possess widely available fittingness devices, A well as people WHO flat subscribe to IT mobile app. The map out is not live, but register A pattern of accumulated action betwixt 2015 and September 2017. The map shows a heavy deal of activity inwards the U.S. and Europe. simply atomic number 49 warfare zona and deserts in land such as Iraq and Syria, the heat map suit almost entirely sour — except for scatter bear witness of activity. type A closer look At those domain bring into focus the fix and outlines of well-known U.S. military bases, AS well A other lesser-known and potentially sensitive sites — mayhap because American soldiers and former personnel office be using fitness trackers as they proceed around. The spherical Heat Map was posted online in Nov 2017, but the info it contains was only publicized recently. The data could provide information to someone WHO wants to attempt OR trap troops, the Post reported. armed forces officials are looking into the situation to determine how to respond "DoD takes matters like these very seriously and personify reexamine the situation to determine if whatsoever additional breeding surgery guidance is required, and if any additional insurance must be rise to ensure the persist in safety of United States Department of Defense personnel office At home and abroad," Maj. Audricia Harris, amp Defense section spokeswoman, say The Associated Press.