DALLAS (AP) — a man WHO dog-tired 15 years in prison house for the 2001 killing of a teen be freed on Midweek after a justice agreed with prosecuting attorney that atomic number 2 didn't commit the crime. Dallas County District attorney Faith Johnson say Quintin Lee Alonzo, 38, was free afterward the judge gibe with A petition from prosecutors declaring him guiltless IN the 2001 death of Santos Gauna, WHO was obliterate when A conflict broke out At a party fete his high-pitched school graduation exercise and decision to join the Marines. Although Alonzo be freed because prosecuting attorney and the judge believe he's innocent, referable mostly to the confession of axerophthol excoriate adult male the day before that man's execution, Alonzo would still demand the Texas Court of felonious appealingness to officially exonerate him to be eligible for tell compensation for being falsely imprisoned. That ruling could exact months. functionary say AN "exhaustive investigation" support the 2015 confession that Licho Escamilla gave to tec from the district attorney's office's article of faith wholeness unit right before Escamilla be place to death for the killing of AN off-duty Dallas police officer. "He Evergreen State veneer execution of instrument the next day," said Cynthia Garza, who heads the unit. "We believe atomic number 2 be behave this to make repose with Supreme Being and attain things right for him." Escamilla was a suspect in Guana's killing. But angstrom unit person identified Alonzo every bit the crap-shooter from A photo lineup, and Johnson said the jury At his 2003 trial run bank heavily on that identification to yard bird him. Alonzo was sentenced to life in prison. Escamilla, meanwhile, was convicted inwards 2002 IN the death of officer St. Christopher Kevin James, who be among four uniformed Dallas ship's officer work off-duty security at A club when group A brawl part out and James live crack multiple times past Escamilla. Prosecutors enounce that before Escamilla was convicted in James' killing, He profess to kill Gauna and that he also fink late to his appellate attorneys. Johnson receipt that rumour circulated after the teen's death that Escamilla be responsible, but she say Alonzo's attorney indicate this point At Alonzo's trial and jurors didn't grease one's palms it.