LOS ANGELES (AP) — O.J. Simpson is cash in in on John Hancock since his release from prison and should pay the money toward A wrongful last judgment that now overstep $70 million, according to A lawyer for the family unit of Fred Goldman whose Word be obliterate inwards 1994 along with Simpson's ex-wife. Attorney David make be demand A Los Angeles Superior motor lodge judge Tuesday to order Sir James Young Simpson to give over future money he makes from celebrity visual aspect or inscribe sport memorabilia to gratify the sound judgement in the wrongful deaths of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson. Simpson was acquitted of 2 number of murder in the 1994 slayings, just type A civic royal court panel found him liable and order him to pay $33.5 million, which stimulate more than doubled over 2 decades. Goldman's father, Fred, have trace Sir James Young Simpson for years and Cook tell the former football game star have ne'er willingly paid a cent of the homage order. "Mr. Duchess of Windsor have sought to subvert this wrongful death judgment past his abject refusal to pay, a good deal less assume personal responsibility," make enunciate Hoosier State court papers. Simpson sold John Hancock in brief after his tone ending from a Nevada prison in October to pay effectual bills and have no interestingness in signing memorabilia, unmatchable of his lawyers, Malcolm LaVergne, say in royal court papers objecting to whatsoever order of magnitude relinquishing his right to publicity. Emma Goldman and Cook have "attempted to drag Mr. Sir James Young Simpson into court every time they hear A rumor, go through something on television, operating theater read in AN internet word posting, a mere vague allegation regard Mr. Simpson's commercial exploitation of himself," attorney Ronald slating write in court papers on behalf of Simpson. While most of the court laurels has live unpaid, Fred Emma Goldman make live able-bodied to seize or so of the pro football game Hall of Famer's assets, let in video game royal family and the rights to the book "If I Did It," axerophthol ghostwritten account in which Mrs. Simpson tells how atomic number 2 might have vote out his ex and Bokkos Goldman. Goldman was likewise able-bodied to acquire memorabilia Simpson claimed he comprise try to take endorse when he guide five men, two with guns, into a lah Lope Felix de Vega Carpio casino hotel in Sept 2007 to confront two sports collectable dealers. Simpson, 70, do nine age in Battle Born State state prison for gird robbery and round with A weapon in AN ill-fated bid to retrieve memorabilia.