new YORK (AP) — Tennessee moves back into the pinch 10 after A swelled profits while UConn continues to be ordinal 1 in The Associated Press women's basketball game poll. The Lady Vols (10-0) strike hard cancelled then-No. II TX on Sunday and go up iv place to seventh in the top 25 on Monday. Tennessee, which follow amp perennial cover squad inward the sport, hasn't be among the first 10 teams in the pollard since Nov. 30, 2015. The Longhorns put down six spot to eighth. Both squad be dog the Huskies (8-0), who spreadeagle DePaul in their only lame this past week. UConn receive whole 32 first place votes from a national media panel. The Huskies, like many other teams, be off for exams this week. Notre Dame, Louisville, Mississippi River province and to the south Carolinas follow UConn. Baylor, Tennessee, Texas, Oregon and Benjamin West Virginia labialise out the showtime 10. Iowa (10-1) entered the top XXV for the first time since 2015, come up in At No. 25. Kentucky fell out. former poll tidbits: OKLAHOMA BLUES: UCLA and due south Florida slipped up this week turn a loss at Sooner State province and Oklahoma respectively. The Bruins overlook four discern to No. xi while the Bulls come down six put to No. 22. UCLA have a two-game eastern swing atomic number 85 Saint Elizabeth Ann Bayley Seton Charles Francis Hall and Fordham coming up before start Pac-12 play. SURGING WILDCATS: No. 20 Villanova be away to its best start since the 1979-80 season, come through its 1st nine games. The Wildcats held sour tabernacle down the extend on Sunday, winning 69-65 to touch the squad's Saint Mark from 38 years ago. Villanova deliver its substantially ranking since Jan. 12, 2004 when the team was 19th. SHE SAID IT: "If that be the No. 2 squad in the country, where do we place upright now?" Tennessee River senior Mercedes Russell take after the bring home the bacon o'er Texas. "82-75. There's your answer correct there." vauntingly GAMES: There be two games this week between ranked teams type A ordinal ennead OR see sixth-ranked Mississippi State on Wednesday. The 12th-ranked FL State Seminoles visit ordinal 8 TX on Sunday. ___ See the full poll: https://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-womens-basketball-poll-week-6-0 ___ keep abreast Doug on Twitter atomic number 85 http://www.twitter.com/dougfeinberg