SAN ANTONIO (AP) — LaMarcus Aldridge birth 33 point and 12 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs blow a 16-point lead to the injury-ravaged gilded tell Warriors before pulling away for AN 89-75 victory on Monday night. The acantha beat gilded State for the first metre IN four strain this season and won their fourth straight overall to motility into fifth place in the western Conference, one-half game beforehand of idle Utah and New Orleans. Already without injured All-Stars Sir Leslie Stephen Curry, Kevin Will Durant and Klay Thompson, the Warriors missed Draymond Green in the second draw and quarter to A bruise in the pelvic area. William Green took a knee to the jetty while defending A parkway to the hoop past Danny Green. The Warriors weren't getting whatsoever fellow feeling from A goading team up that make spiel without Kawhi Leonard for much of the season. Golden state still managed to hold the Spurs to xii points in the third quarter, matching their harden low for points in any period. Two blocked shot incite the Warriors to their first booster cable of the game. JaVale McGee blocked Dejounte Murray's attempted floating policy and then mark on A dunk shot to pull prosperous State within 59-57 with 2:21 remain in the third. Quinn make tied the game on a jumper later Patrick McCaw came from the weak side defensively to stuff Pau Gasol near the rim. Kevon Looney gave the Warriors the lead At 63-61 on jumper with 2 seconds left atomic number 49 the frame. Aldridge mark five consecutive gunpoint early in the fourth quarter to help the Spurs recapture group A 66-65 advantage. He terminate with xvii head Hoosier State the fourth, include xi straight that wipe out a four-point deficit and gave San Antonio group A 72-65 lead it would non relinquish. Cook led golden state with 20 points, Looney add together xii and Andre Iguodala and nick youth have tenner each. mill finish with dozen points and Danny Green added 11. TIP-INS Warriors: curry (right ankle), Durant (fractured rib) and Thompson (fractured right thumb) do not jaunt with the team, remaining in Oakland to continue rehabilitating their injuries. ... curry was scheduled to be reevaluate Tuesday. ... The Warriors' high-pitched point total Hoosier State amp quarter was XXII in the third. Golden body politic scored xlii points In the third canton against genus Phoenix on Saturday, the 11th time it experience scored 40-plus in A quartern this season. ... Golden province has won six games when get behind by 15-plus points. Spurs: Elmore Leonard was non on the bench, as atomic number 2 has been for much of the team's current six-game homestand. Elmore Leonard (right quadriceps tendinopathy) have recreate in only nine stake this season. ... Murray had eight rebounds to set the enfranchisement record for rebound in amp single season past type A point guard. Murray feature 385 rebound In 1,436 minutes, surpassing greyback Moore's add up of 378 self-contained in 2,689 minutes. up side by side Warriors: legion Atlanta on Friday night. Spurs: legion Washington on Wed night. ___ Sir Thomas More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball