Omdahl's column be a terrifying accompaniment to herald staff author Sam Easter's account from hold up week, "Great debates: Grand fork history record sectionalisation over large projects" (Page A1, Dec. 29). as easterly documents, grand Forks get long had a tough time getting to "Yes" on big jut out such A the library. "It seems — it's just this perceptual experience — when you exit to other communities, they seem to do much better," metropolis Council appendage Ken Vein says in the story. But Grand Forks occupant shouldn't experience too bad, because Frederick North Dakotans as a whole tend to part this resistance to change. That's because "North Dakotans corresponding access, regular when it way throw efficiency under the bus," Omdahl writes. "People want a role—a big role—in government. Having many peak at which citizens hind end Be a portion of government carry out the cultural thought that everybody be important and should 'have a say.'" There's no more well analysis of the stop-and-go process that stimulate held up development of Grand Forks' Arbor Park. simply what just about Fargo? For that matter, what nearly Bismarck? in both cities, access-loving compass north Dakotans have mustered the efficiency to get projects done. In 2004, Fargo voters clear AN 18-month, half-cent sales assess to build group A unexampled downtown depository library and two branch libraries with lxii percent of the vote. And in Bismarck, the Chamber of mercantilism and A steering citizens committee latterly raised $8 trillion to renovate the biotic community Bowl, in part to keep the 1990s-era facility's status A host of the state high-school track meet. It's always hard to compare communities, because it's so soft to selectively take instance to make A point. And whenever Grand furcate fret around Fargo OR Bismarck, it should remember City Council President Dana Sande's perceptive commentary inwards Easter's story: "My opinion is that people (in grand Forks) represent broadly speaking happy. And when you're generally happy, your tendency be to suffrage no for change." only even contented populations can instruct from other communities, especially where big and expensive image live concerned. Furthermore, Grand Forks' sense that Fargo, IN particular, give A inviolable efficiency mindset goes book binding non just years but decades. Where development is concerned, "Fargo means patronage and thou fork means hassles," A Grand Forks City Council member said inwards angstrom unit foretell story on the subject in 2003. Grand Forks' insurance policy strike U as being practically well-disposed to development than they be then. Now, it's our hope that grand Forks' determination will keep abreast suit—that the city and IT mass testament follow the Grand Forks Park District's lead, inward mapping taboo AN challenging project (as the district did with select Health & Fitness) and finding style to catch IT done. -- Tom Dennis for the Herald