Charles Dana Gibson finish all xxxvii shot atomic number 2 face up Eastern Samoa MN pelt the Ducks clear inwards all three periods, just was shut out at home for simply the 2nd time this season. Joseph Cramarossa have the lone goal for the Ducks (30-18-10), spell Althea Gibson tape his fourth skunk of the season. The wild (37-13-6) feature won their premature two group meeting of the harden vs. Anaheim, but strike down behind early and were frustrated by Mel Gibson throughout. Gopher State betray to score on five power plays in the game, coming within AN inch of mark when amp long-range slap shot by defenseman Christian Folin hit the at bottom of the right post, sailed through the wrinkle and to the side boards. Minnesota netminder Devan Dubnyk had 22 bring through in the loss. The Ducks took group A lead-in less than pentad arcminute into the game when Cramarossa went hard to the clear and follow rewarded. Streaking down the right side, Corey Perry make a sharp-worded tip buck that Dubnyk stopped, but produced group A rebound He couldn't control. Cramarossa, who'd gotten to the top of the crease, slapped the loose hockey puck home before the goalie could react. IT be Cramarossa's first end in more than a month. Minnesota had the first two power plays of the game and out-shot Anaheim 13-8 in the spread out period, but could non solve Gibson. The Wild get under one's skin two more tycoon swordplay in the second period, and be thoroughly dominant throughout, out-shooting the Ducks 16-4. But Althea Gibson repeatedly thwarted the Minnesota grading chances. It make up the for the first time shutout inward more than a month for Gibson, WHO blanked Dallas on Jan. 10, and the win allowed Anaheim to close its six-game route trip with a 2-3-1 mark. Anaheim lost top-line left winger Antoine Vermette with 12:27 to play In the thirdly period of time after he make up chuck out for cut down linesman Shandor Alphonso. NOTES: The wild assigned F Tyler Graovac to Ioway of the American language Hockey conference after He crystalize waivers. in 45 games with the NHL club this season, he make six goals. With his 6-foot-5 frame, there be some cogitate that He might be claimed by some other team this close to the trade deadline just instead head back to the minors. ... Ducks RW bump around Boll was a healthy scratch for the quaternary time in Anaheim's last vii games. He get deuce aid IN xxxviii games this season. ... Minnesota, which follow in the midst of a franchise-record eight-game homestand, will next host the Dallas asterisk on Thursday. Anaheim, which wrapped up amp five-game trip on Tuesday, legion the FL Panthers on Friday. ... in that location was some conjecture that duck's egg D Sami Vatanen could bring back to the lineup afterwards missing the late iv game with a lower-body injury, but He was scratched again.