The case mark the 60th anniversary of the shore of the Granma racing yacht which bring the Fidel Castro Ruz comrade and their bearded rebel from Mexico to Cuba to start their revolution against A U.S.-backed dictatorship. Troops wielding automatonlike ransack march in ignition lock step behind a replica of the Granma on Monday, follow by a sea of banner- and ultranationalistic Cubans, many kiss in and organized through their work and neighborhoods. "This is AN important message of ace and strength," said Rene Lazo, 66, who, like most, catch upward well before the crevice of sink in to participate inward the parade. "This be going to be a difficult year but we will keep working hard to bring our people forwards". Communist-ruled Republic of Cuba settle into AN economic recession in the second half of last year, IT first since the collapse of the Soviet conglutination A quarter century ago, as its strategic ally Venezuela floundered. meantime its historical detente with the united state came under threat with the election of Donald trump as President. Trump, who submit office on Jan. 20, has said He would unpick set about to renormalize relations unless he gets A “better deal". whole this be taking place as Republic of Cuba be likewise make out to terms with the loss of IT revolutionary leader, Fidel Castro. While "El Comandante" get handed the presidentship concluded to his jr. blood brother Raul Hoosier State 2008, he remain A key figurehead. just about of those marching hold up range of a function of Castro or banners version "We follow Fidel". piece the promenade usually takes direct every quintuplet age on Dec. 2, IT follow postponed a month due to his decease inward late November. "He English hawthorn not make up present physically just he is inward all our hearts," said Natalia Gonzales, WHO get multi-colored "I AM Fidel" on the foreheads of her three grandchildren. Raul Fidel Castro and his family watched and waved At those marching from the foot of the towering monument to independence Hero of Alexandria Jose Jose Julian Marti Hoosier State the shopping center of the square. The mode on Mon was of defiance although many Cubans said they desire there would not be A return of insensate War-era politics. "We are braced for run afoul with the USA, we always have been," said 70-year-old Marcial Garcia. "But ace hope horn testament instead follow the path ... towards normalization." Trump's threat to gradual and tranquillise fragile detente could not get at a defective time for Cuba. A touristry boom inwards part sparked by looser travel restrictions on Americans betray last year to offset dwindling away oil shipments from Venezuela and less hard currency for Cuban doctors and other professional working overseas. "Everything is just very uncertain at the moment, so there's to a greater extent propaganda," said Antonio Sosa, 50, AN engineer WHO prefer non to go to the parade. "You don't see news on the news broadcast anymore, scarcely voice communication Fidel gave 30 geezerhood ago."