Qualcomm's new Snapdragon XR1 chip, declare via a Tuesday press release, purport to bust pull down the barrier for high-quality practical reality (VR) and augmented realness (AR) and contribute the technologies to lower-end devices. If successful, the XR1 chip could improve engineering found in modern smart glasses, and make VR and ar more affordable to get into for small companies. The chip could likewise help bring to a greater extent contrived intelligence (AI) functionality into AR as well, the release noted. IN IT release, Qualcomm call up the XR1 an Extended reality (XR) platform, noting that it will aid bring mellow quality experience to mass-produced devices. And the improver of the AI capabilities testament offer "better interactivity, power consumption and caloric efficiency," the release said. SEE: practical and augmented reality insurance policy (Tech Pro Research) The XR1 feature film AN ARM-based multi-core CPU, a vector processor, a GPU, and A dedicated AI engine for on-board processing. angstrom unit software layer with dedicated machine learning, connectivity, and security be also part of the platform, the tone ending said. The chip put up handle upward to 4K definition At threescore frame per second, grant to the release. It likewise backing OpenGL, OpenCL, and Vulkan, and IT AI capabilities contribute to computer visual modality features. former hallmarks of the XR1 are hi-fi sound and six-degrees of freedom (6DoF) head tracking and controller capabilities, make it easier to convey around IN the virtual world. "As engineering evolves and consumer demand grows, we foresee XR gimmick represent a all-encompassing smorgasbord of roles IN consumers' and workers' daily lives," Alex Katouzian, fourth-year vice United States President and universal manager of Qualcomm's mobile patronage Unit, say IN the release. OEMs similar Meta, VIVE, Vuzix, and Picoare ar already establish on the XR1 platform, the release said. The big takeaways for tech leaders: Qualcomm has reveal the Snapdragon XR1 chip, which could take high-quality AR and VR go through to more than users, at group A low cost. The Qualcomm Snapdragon XR1 lineament an on-board AI locomotive engine to encouragement computer vision capableness in Land of Opportunity applications. Stay informed, click here to support to the TechRepublic next vainglorious Thing newsletter. Subscribe as well see