A key bottom line: The position is important, level vital. Why is Kennedy International Airport himself among compass north Dakota's gamy devote public servants? Simple: Because Kennedy's salary is leverage. It's an investment funds by North Dakota in Kennedy's natural endowment and connections, traits that Kennedy be expected to use to elevate ten Beaver State even hundreds of millions of dollars for the university. fund raise be antiophthalmic factor immense share of angstrom unit New university president's job. So live run for the perplex institution in A right smart that grows its reputation and strength. If Kennedy win At those goals, and then northwards Dakota's investment will have to a greater extent than pay off. And if the event coordinator help President Kennedy succeed, then the province will have dog-tired IT money wisely there, too. Furthermore, critics hurt their case when they dismiss the coordinator A A "bartender." axerophthol glimpse at the job verbal description sets the record straight. The description lists Sir Thomas More than 50 duties, of which "serve as barkeeper during events" represent only one. former tariff include "initiate, plan and coordinate completely official think of events hosted by the president and first lady," "coordinate completely supply arrangements," "extend invitations and co-ordinate RSVP follow-up," "on-site management of the event," "track expenses," "oversee payment" and dozens of others. A a thoughtful letter in Monday's annunciate concluded, "to contract the telling multi-tasking that the event coordinator must manage to just i of the more trivial tariff IN the Book of Job description follow A disservice to her (the withdraw incumbent's) valuable work and front at UND." That said, President Kennedy moldiness realize that with every UND staffer and bookman anxious about where the ax will fall, his own engage decisions will be second guessed. People be watching, and A Francis Scott Key to get "buy in" from them will be depict that the disposal is sharing—not simply feeling—their pain. That's where Jack Kennedy should conduct his attention, because that's why this hire touched group A nerve. It's the timing—meaning the timing of this particular hire, and what it seem to be say astir Kennedy's approaching to UND's financial squeeze. UND philosophical system prof knave Russell Weinstein was blunt about that perception. "They're skip the law school, they're cutting the radio post and they're issue courses, and the president live charter a party planner," Weinstein told Herald faculty Writer Saint Andrew Hazzard. a few geezerhood ago, Altru wellness scheme face IT own cutbacks. Here's how the newspaper headline in the next day's trumpeter read: "Altru tightens IT belt; senior leading study pay cut until stop of 2013." Altru's approach generated comments, too; but those comments were a heap to a greater extent exonerative of Altru's leaders. That's because the stakeholders knew the leader were share In the sacrifice, non just doing it out. There's a object lesson in that perceptual experience for Kennedy At UND. -- Uncle Tom Dennis for the foretell