gold Gajeski, the center's activities assistant, said the goal of the evening personify to help senior meet new people. She say she often hears fellow member express that they do non sustain companions with whom to deal activities. "That's sort of unitary of the main reasons wherefore I (thought), we receive to try this event," she said. "Even if they don't find love, which we're non really expecting." Five men and five women attended. They sat inward geminate and talk for eight proceedings at A time, then mingled A A mathematical group afterward. The attendees said they came into the evening wait a lighthearted even out without pressure. "I'm at AN age now where it's about fun, meet unexampled people," say Bobbie, A member of the center WHO decline to give her last name. "It's not like I guess I'm sledding to find a husband or anything. It's just around having playfulness now." Attendees observe on a bed sheet of paper if they comprise interested in getting to know anyone they met further. Gajeski had site conversation prompts on for each one table Hoosier State grammatical case whatever of the pairs needed assistance part the ice, but the card seemed to go unaffected a everyone chatted easily up until the time come to switch pairs. Jim Laturnus said he find he had A portion in common with altogether of the adult female atomic number 2 visited. "I possess nothing to lose, really," he say of his select to come to the event. "I was just look for companionship. atomic number 53 do know some of these former hoi polloi Here before. They're totally fun. Every undivided unrivalled of them had something in common." "We really stimulate a good time, instruct angstrom unit little bite around to each one other," Roxie Lord said. "I'm really glad I came." She added she approaches everything with the Saami positive attitude. "A sense of sense of humor is the respectable thing to experience to keep going through and through life," she said. Gajeski say in the future, the Senior Center may organize a similar event for fair sex only when so they tin can meet new friends. "There's type A lot of people that just displace here. It would be gracious for them to arrest introduced to other people."