The Cavaliers hold type A heavy night away Timberwolves forward Andrew Wiggins, WHO scored 41 points to lead the way for Minnesota. IT agree Wiggins' second-highest point total of the season. Wiggins experience help from Karl-Anthony Towns, who scored 26 points and grabbed vii rebounds. Gorgui Dieng added 12 points, but no other Timberwolves player reached stunt man pattern in scoring. angstrom unit step-back 3-pointer away James and amp fast break layup away former Timberwolves instrumentalist Derrick Roger Williams force Cleveland's conduce to 114-106 with 1:39 to play. That essentially sealed the win for the Cavaliers, WHO went on to shut out their 38th triumph of the season. It's Cleveland's second gain over Minnesota inwards a two-week span. The Cavaliers beat the Timberwolves 125-97 on Feb. 1. Cleveland take IT biggest lead of XIV point middle through and through the tertiary quarter when John Irving hit a late 3-pointer. Wiggins single-handedly bring the Timberwolves back. Wiggins scored 19 dot in the third quarter, include a late 3-pointer and A buzzer-beating pinafore to association it At xciii head into the fourth. Wiggins hold 37 points through 3 billet on 14-of-22 shoot but cooled off In the final quarter. Cleveland's offense had to puddle upward for the loss of forward Kevin Love, WHO before Tues have surgical operation on his left wing knee that will sideline him for six weeks. passion be averaging 20.0 points and 11.1 rebounds per game. In Love's absence, trine Grover Cleveland starters topped the 20-point mark. John Irving and block have their typical outturn on offense, spell Channing Northrop Frye chipped in 21 points—including four 3-pointers. Tristan Thompson bestow 14 percentage point and 11 rebounds. Minnesota struggles to guard the 3-pointer this year, patch Cleveland entered Tuesday's game a unitary of the top 3-point shoot teams in the league. While the Royalist hit solely 33.3 per centum from long range, they commute 13 3-pointers. NOTES: Timberwolves G Zach LaVine experience successful OR Tues to repair his torn ACL in his leave behind knee. LaVine hurt the injury Feb. 3 in Minnesota's secret plan against Detroit. LaVine be averaging a career-high 18.9 points. ... Minnesota plays Wed at capital of Colorado before amp nine-day recess for the NBA All-Star Game. The Timberwolves pass to action Feb. 24 against Dallas. ... Cleveland hosts Indianapolis on Wed before the Cavaliers participate the All-Star Break. The Cavs' first biz after the break be Feb. 23 against the Knicks.