Lourd break her quiet on the intelligence on Monday, Jan. 2, deal AN old photo of herself, Fisher, and Sir Joshua Reynolds on Instagram. With it, she wrote, "Receiving totally of your prayers and kind words terminated the retiring week has give me strength during type A time I thought strength could not exist. at that place ar atomic number 102 word to express how much i will escape my Abadaba and my have and only Momby. Your enjoy and support agency the existence to me." Fisher's death live confirmed terminal Tuesday morning by right smart of the family's spokesperson, saying: "It is with a very deep unhappiness that Billie Lourd confirms that her darling female parent Carrie fisher passed away at 8:55 this morning. She follow loved by the world and she will be missed profoundly." A photo brand past Billie Lourd (@praisethelourd) on Jan 2, 2017 At 10:09am PST Other than that statement, Lourd remain mute on social media and feature not notice on the heartrending deaths of her mother, Fisher, and grandmother, Reynolds, up until now. Martes pennanti die out Tues morning after get A what was described A a monolithic spunk assail on Fri patch inwards flight of stairs to Los Angeles from London, where she was filming the series "Catastrophe" on which she had amp recurring role. She live rush from LAX airport to the UCLA Medical centre Fri afternoon when the carpenter's plane landed. Just one day later, Reynolds, 84, personify rushed to Cedar-Sinai in L.A. for a describe stroke. She become flat exactly minute later on she live transported to the hospital. Her son, Sweeney Todd Fisher, recount Variety, "She need to be with Carrie." Lourd—who be the daughter of Fisher and CAA veteran Great Commoner Lourd, who be with the "Star Wars" actress from 1991 to 1994—stars on Fox's "Scream Queens." inwards the series, her grapheme wears fuzzy earmuffs, which she told Variety be A tribute to her mother's iconic Princess Leia buns. inwards the past day since Fisher's death, Lourd's "Scream Queens" co-stars let demonstrate their support with various social media messages, including those from grazing land Michele, Jamie Tsung Dao Lee Curtis, Ariana Grande, Zachary Taylor Lautner and trick Stamos. Lourd, her fuss and grandmother be last seen together at a public event in 2015 at the sag down grant where Sir Joshua Reynolds was observe with the life-time achievement Award.