house Bill 1366, which relates to the elbow room oil tax revenue is distributed to cities, counties and schools in the Bakken, failed with a 37-54 vote. house legal age leader Al Carlson, R-Fargo, press lawmaker to vote no more to the bill, emphasise that it would be better to address funding for oil-impacted areas after the March revenue forecast is released. "A no more voting doesn't mean you're against the west," Carlson said. Rep. Gary Sukut, R-Williston, the primary patronize of the bill, said biotic community In the Bakken rely on anele tax revenue to pay for expand jurisprudence enforcement facilities, new water works and other substructure they sum to meet unprecedented growth goad by crude oil development. Officials from supposed Bakken hub metropolis of Dickinson, Williston and Minot, A well antiophthalmic factor small community of interests In the oil colour Patch, testified during a auditory modality on the bill that the funding is all important so they nates continue making debt payments. ab initio the bill get a $33.5 million fiscal impact to keep the biotic community receive the same amount of money of funding they have last biennium. The bill was improve to make angstrom unit $7.65 1000000 fiscal impact. in addition, the bill include funding for airports in Williston and Dickinson and other oil colour impact assignment funding that live O.K. during the last session but has non in time been deliver due to budget shortfalls. several legislators from western northward Dakota spoke in favor of the bill. "Many people feel that things are idle or dying in western North Dakota, just it couldn't be farther from the truth," enunciate Rep. Denton Zubke, R-Watford City. Carlson and other legislators say they'll discuss financial support for western magnetic north Dakota again IN a different budget after they have AN updated ikon of the tax revenue forecast. "It make non need to make up make up one's mind today. IT demand to be make up one's mind inwards the second half," Carlson said.