For many, this be their start experience in the United States. They be acquaint to the time-honoured tradition of strain and s'mores around the campfire. In turn, they share their mob stories and cultural traditions with campers WHO have ne'er journey to Egypt, Federal Republic of Germany or Argentina. Friendships that cross continents live forged atomic number 85 camp. The outside camp faculty return to their home countries with an increased understanding of typical American life; and there's nil more typical than sleepaway campy for the average American family in summer. The American language refugee camp tie-up reassert that to a greater extent than 11 million American enroll IN a residential OR day refugee camp each year. This is citizen diplomacy At IT best, make possible by the US State Department's J-1 Exchange visitant program that has a family specially designed for refugee camp counselors. Since 1979, Concordia nomenclature Village have taken reward of this opportunity to bring counsellor from around the world to share their love of language and culture with Brigham Young people eager to explore something new and different. About 900 staff joint the 15 Language Village to each one summer. Of that number, around 135 are international stave from 30 rural area on six continents. We cannot give to make these international interchange opportunities limited to antiophthalmic factor fix number of country or for those of a sure spiritual Beaver State socioeconomic background. The latterly impose move around ban by the horn administration has fostered AN unreasonable signified of care and anxiousness for those implement for international summer camp jobs, No matter where they live in the world. Our country be strengthened through and through Sir Thomas More dialogue with the world, than less. Our ambassadors around the globe state that interchange programme ar the virtually cost-effective investiture in strengthening our interior security. convert participants consistently report that they completed their programs with a well impression of the United States. antiophthalmic factor Department of State program evaluation shows that 94 percent of high school day exchange student from Muslim-majority country say that their stay atomic number 49 the United United States Department of State open them a more favourable view of the American people and culture. To understand America, it's best to see it. And where wagerer to start than at summertime camp? Schulze is the executive director director of Concordia Language Villages, the language- and cultural-immersion bivouac buy at by Concordia College in Moorhead. She is board chair emeritus of the Alliance for International Exchange, a Washington-based organisation that promotes educational and ethnic exchange.