Mae West Fargo's Courtney Walsh and Talexi Gasal toothed 2 goal from each one in the win, keeping KnightRider goalies Quinn Kuntz and Teresa Mattson busy with XXIX and 20 stops, respectively. "We got outworked most of the game," said KnightRider coach Alex Hedlund. "We just need to find a way to commit 51 minute of arc together and create more than chances." Grand Forks testament open the say tourney against Benjamin West Fargo next week. sanctified Heart 66, Hatton-Northwood 64 NORTHWOOD, N.D.—The Sacred mettle boy hoops team edged out a triumph against Hatton-Northwood on Tuesday night. Despite being pull down 36-28 atomic number 85 halftime, the Eagles rallied slow Jordan Tomkinson, who had xxxvii points and XI rebounds. knave Gerber likewise get a stout execution for Sacred Heart, notching a double double with 12 points. "I'm proud of how they fought," said sanctified Heart coach Destry Sterkel. Park Rapids 59, EGF senior high up lviii common RAPIDS, Minn.—The park Rapids boy basketball game team beat eastern United States Grand crotch Senior High IN A close home triumph Tues night. Mungo Park Rapids senior center Hunter Jewison posted 22 points, spell Senior High's SAM Votava, Christian Dugan and Julian the Apostate Benson each scored 11 points At the final stage of Tuesday's loss. "They follow out with a portion of energy and took it to us," said Senior high coach Josh Perkerwicz. In the end, Mungo Park Rapids make a free throw to push ahead of the dark-green Wave. Senior in high spirits side by side faces Fosston in a home match Th night. stealer River downslope 3, EGF senior High II stealer RIVER FALLS, Minn.—Aaron Myers nock two goals, let in the game-winner late in the second period, to lead Thief River Falls to a boys hockey win over East Grand crotch Senior heights on Tuesday. Myers scored the winner At 15:42 of the second. eastward lordly fork outshot stealer River Falls 32-14. Nick Corneliuson posted 31 save up in meshing for the Prowlers. Coby Stauss chair the unripened Wave with a destination and an assist. Sacred ticker 66, Grafton 56 Bolstered away A strong first off half, the sacred spirit girl basketball game team defeated Grafton on Tues night in eastward Grand Forks. "We represent upwards fairly handily atomic number 85 the half, but they add up back in the arcsecond with warm defense," said Sacred Heart coach Joann Remer. Anya Edwards paced the double birdie with XXVIII betoken to victory. accompany Tuesday's win, Sacred Heart's record now remain firm atomic number 85 17-6. Sacred Heart leave go on the route Fri to toy Climax-Fisher.