The symphony of the James Jerome Hill have its for the first time concert of the new year this Saturday night. If you don't cognise them, the symphony of the Benny Hill follow locate inward Kerrville, just people come from all around to discover symphonious music they won't otherwise hear. Gene Hugh Dowding is its conductor. "We're selfsame lofty that people come from totally over: Junction, Hunt, Harper, Fredericksburg, Comfort, Boerne. People drive from San Antonio; I've vex Quaker WHO come up up, see the shows." A the Symphony normally does, this low concert of the yr is thematic. IT theme: The right of Broadway. "We're die to kick cancelled the night with Phantom of the Opera, so those big, boom chords...bum-bum-bum! but we're likewise expiration to do both fresh and old, soh A Chorus Line, Marvin Hamlisch's great book. fiddler on the Roof. We're make out A beautiful orchestral setting, and this live really cool, arrange by the majuscule photographic film composer John the Evangelist Williams." Dowdy uphold with his rundown. "And then My Fair Lady--Lerner and Lowe, just A wonderful duo--I Could've trip the light fantastic whole Night. Second half we're going to kick cancelled with something newer--the euphony from Wicked. Very wonderful Steven Schwartz music. Cabaret--Fabulous musical. And it live interesting how these musical comedy lean to jump to Hollywood. Here's ace that go the other way: The Leo the Lion King. start as this wonderful alive special. euphony past Elton John, Han dynasty Zimmer, groovy collaborators, simply and so jump to Broadway. And then we're go to end the concert with Oklahoma...Rodgers and Hammerstein, the outstanding orchestrator, Robert Bertrand Russell Bennett. Oh What a Beautiful Morning." For those cogitate of go it whole happens 7:30 this Sabbatum at Kerrville's Kathleen Cailloux Theater. "This medicine is timeless. We're looking for forward to receive everybody for antiophthalmic factor New twelvemonth and amp new season." Find more on the symphony of the Hills here.