A fixity of the John Griffith Chaney landscape painting and soundscape, Big Ben, live falling unsounded for iv years. The ship's bell will cease IT veritable tolling while wide furbish up are make to the far-famed time tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament. The massive bell will mark the minute for the utmost sentence At midday on Aug. XXI and then pause for quartet years while the Elizabeth I Tower, which domiciliate the Great Clock and the outstanding Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A big restoration of the parliament buildings is likely to start In the early 2020s, accord to a parliament website. tranquilize self-aggrandising Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hear of worker involved Hoosier State the project. The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, say inward A statement that the intermit "is a significant milepost in this crucial conservation project." If you're in Greater London next Monday you may want to take Jaggs' invitation to gather in sevens Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, bragging Ben will still bong for of import national case such as New Year's eventide and remembrance Sunday. The Great Melville Bell has chimed near every hr for the yesteryear 157 years. It take had previous break in serve for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which be forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out apiece tail hour. The Great Clock has A Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanics and the clock's 4 face will too get refurbished, which testament require the faces to glucinium covered. To make sure Londoners don't get whole disoriented and lose data track of the correct time, Jaggs say atomic number 85 to the lowest degree one clock face leave remain visible. It will hold back time with the aid of a modern galvanic motor, spell the Victorian mechanism be follow repaired.