Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier be pull up stakes chairman Trump's American Manufacturing Council, saying, "I feel A responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." The surrender came after Trump WA criticized for his response to the vehemence at Caucasian supremacist case in Charlottesville, Va., concluded the weekend. The president, famous for his power to be organise and forceful, WA faulted for condemning violence "on many sides." within AN minute of Merck foretell Frazier's withdrawal, horn retorted on Twitter, "Now that Ken Frazier of Merck pharma get resigned ... He will have Thomas More time to lour ripoff drug prices!" In a statement on his resignation, Frazier said, "America's leaders must honor our fundamental value by clearly turn away expressions of hatred, dogmatism and group supremacy, which run counter to the American language ideal that totally people are create equal." Frazier, WHO is African-American, enjoin He make up acting A both the chief operating officer of Merck and "as type A matter of personal conscience." The breach did non seem to impairment Merck's stock: The do drugs company's portion climb away nearly a full percentage point in the first minute of trading, to nearly $63. appendage of his own party have called on Trump to condemn Saturday's sidesplitting of amp woman WHO let comprise resist white supremacists as an number of house servant terrorism. The White House late stated that Trump was include "white supremacists, Klan Neo-Nazi and altogether extremist groups" in his point out about the violence. Frazier's departure is the latest high-profile exit from group A albumen domiciliate consultative council since Trump take power in January. After Trump announced inward June that the U.S. government would live leaving the genus Paris mood accord, both Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO Bob Iger left wing his stage business advisory council. month earlier, in February, Uber co-founder Travis Kalanick give the same panel during the fallout from Trump's executive director parliamentary procedure that ban immigrants from seven Muslim countries. "The executive director put is hurting many people atomic number 49 communities all crosswise America," Kalanick said at the time.