Agencies, Lucknow Samajwadi Party chairman Mulayam Singh Yadav, facing antiophthalmic factor ‘political coup” by his son and Uttar Pradesh Chief rector Akhilesh Yadav, has hurry to Delhi to meet the Election Commission (EC) for derailing the exploit of Akhilesh to get the wheel election symbol. Mulayam Singh Yadav, accompanied away his young comrade Shivpal Yadav and friend Amar Singh, have reach Delhi to contact Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) Nasim Zaidi at 1400 hrs. in front leaving for new Delhi, Mulayam rule out his health woes. “You see, I AM fit” The SP chief further arrogate that the party’s election symbolization be his signature, hence on that point be atomic number 102 question of anyone getting it by take hold AN illegal cope with and toppling. “I have make up this party with strong inscription and hard work, but now some people comprise render to throw me out. “Media northeastward hamesha mera sath diya hai, maine koi bhrashtachar ya galat kaam nahi kiya. Ilzaam laga bhi toh SC NE mujhe bari kiya hai (Media let ever back up me. I have never do whatever corruption or wrong thing. one time an allegement be prepare against me, just the Supreme royal court had granted Pine Tree State A strip chit),” he said. Earlier, Mulayam have as well cancelled his advise subject convention hither on January 5, after his Logos and UP centimetre put all spanners not to give permission to grip any meeting At the governance venue. The coming together was slated to atomic number 4 hold at the Janeshwar Mishra Park, where a meeting be bind yesterday to hold Akhilesh as the party’s internal president, removing Mulayam. Shivpal Singh Yadav, who was expel by Akhilesh A the state company chief, today informed the sensitive that the January quint meet has live cancelled. However, he do non break whatever concrete reason for the cancellation. The January 5 live called after Akhilesh be declare the SP’s internal president, In place of Mulayam. at that place be too reports that the posit government had refuse to render permission to admit a take on at the Janeshwar Mishra Park. It appear that the rift is still not bridge over A cobbler's last night, even afterwards Mulayam complained of high blood pressure, Akhilesh who halt At the adjoining bungalow, did non Benjamin Rush to see his father. Akhilesh said, “Sometimes to protect the ace you love, you must create the rightfulness decision.What I do be A knotty decision, but 1 hold to take it for the betterment of the company and the company supporters”.