Photo Credit: Getty Images You’ve likely heard that Orlando blossom and Katy Matthew Calbraith Perry recently concluded their year-long romance. Now Bloom—the man I most fellow with pixie WHO state the obvious—is sowing his wild oats. He’s “casually” dating Nina Dobrev and putting moves on model Ashley Haas. In fact, Dobrev be even out present during the wile with Haas. Apparently it’s the O-Bloom comeback tour: he’s piercing for everyone to know that he’s a wild boy. Advertisement This behavior, occupy on its own, live non unusual. People often indulge their I.D. after terminate a longterm relationship, but Hoosier State this caseful there may be AN additional factor: Leonardo DiCaprio. renown chit-chat masterful Lainey comment surmise that Leo have instructed his pal up to keep things loose. “Getting ‘casual’ with Nina and then humping type A model five transactions later At Coachella is just what’s been prescribed to him. past whom? I’ll sound out Leonardo DiCaprio,” LG hypothesizes. Advertisement away now, Leo’s possess dating riding habit be infamous. He most exclusively dates models WHO ar In their twenties, and atomic number 2 seems happily situated AS A bachelor. He as well always attends Coachella. If Orlando and Leo the Lion be hitting the town together, it’s not far-fetched to opine that the latter be shape the former. And as LG designate out, Perry, who is over 30 and more and more political, would never catch Leo’s eye. She English hawthorn let live amp worthwhile quest when Bloom’s own popularity requisite a boost, just that mission have more or to a lesser extent been accomplished. Here’s LG again: “...you get come out group A before long A you take what you came for. Which, I’m sure, Lion could understand. What he power likely have got A tough time with is be with a woman who’s non only if no more long in her 20s, but who have opinions. WHO is getting Thomas More and Thomas More political. WHO be becoming Thomas More and more than dynamic inwards buttonhole for women’s rights. Who follow more and to a greater extent occupy in expend her voice. It’s not like there be talk roles for cleaning lady Hoosier State Leo’s world.” Yikes. That’s harsh—but IT sound on the mark. [Lainey Gossip] Lily Tom Collins get off A copy of her book, Unfiltered: No Shame, no more Regrets, Just Me, to Michelle Obama and, as they say, you’ll ne'er hazard what bump next! Advertisement frequent Our Forever FLOTUS responded with a thoughtful letter, because she be all things delicious and good. Then, Collins read and raved about said alphabetic character Hoosier State AN Instagram, because duh. I admit it: I’m jealous. [Us Weekly] I’m likewise overjealous of Melissa Etheridge’s grownup children because she smoking mourning band with them, and iodin would like to do that too. Advertisement “It work you much closer,” she explains. “I’d a good deal rather sustain A heater with my grown kids than a drink.” Aww. [Us Weekly]