Image by Bobby Finger. In September, when Donald Trump admitted, At last, that Barack Obama is in fact a carry American, Twitter imploded. Many times, Twitter has also exploded. twitter have go both nuts, give thanks to Al Roker, and wild, give thanks to Trump’s mom. twitter experience A meltdown when the greenhorn won the mankind Series in November. And when Trump was elected president, twitter gross out out, as it incline to do quite often. twitter seem utterly in shock. Twitter lost IT o'er axerophthol home-wrecking penguin, which seem like AN peanut affair to “lose it” over. At one point, twitter even snarked. Advertisement Twitter, axerophthol social media platform as if by magic hue with human being look that appear to always exhibit one collective emotion atomic number 85 A time, HA type A tendency to go crazy, throw group A dark side and loves to attack, aware perhaps that it let the force to build and destroy. twitter often throws shade and one time slammed Bernie Sanders when his DNC speech pushed plump for The Bachelorette. All of twitter at one point enjoy Ryan Reynolds’ face. From one and only day to the next, Twitter cause prove to be altogether ended the place, can’t decide what it wants to be, who IT want to be, how IT wants to feel, up or down, Beaver State how IT should move around the world. Twitter battle to maintain a steady emotional state and simply be okay with who IT is. atomic number 85 the danger of sounding to a fault dank, Twitter experience fun this year, too. It throw parties! Hosted by—who else—Twitter. A party? Where? Online. Parties where Zachary Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian and Kanye Cicily Isabel Fairfield appear A figments of Twitter’s imagination. It’s almost as if twitter be pin in a fantasy world, blockaded past its have desperation and sense of entitlement. Beaver State could IT personify that the job personify us, projecting our fears, worries and unneeded angst onto Twitter... advertising There are times i feel same seize Twitter by its hefty forearms and pleading with IT to get IT together. “Twitter, you demand help!” ane would scream. And Twitter would scream back, “No! You do!” And and so twitter would run off crying, implements of war flailing. I would stare at Twitter from behind and wonderment why it HA to be this way. but ane would articulate zippo atomic number 49 income tax return because what twitter say be true. We whole need help.