ikon via American language Girl Since IT founding in 1986, American Girl has focused its energies on “fueling link among girls and helping them to unleash their full-of-the-moon potential.” just of the over 29 million American Girl dolly that take make up sold in the past 31 years, I’ve in person identify with exactly zero. I felt left out and woefully unimportant. Until now. Advertisement Though the cast of wench include dozen of unique and wonderful fictitious character whatever child would Be lucky to meet—let alone own—none have ever so acted atomic number 33 mirrors in which i could see myself. take hold up year’s lady friend of the Year, Gabriela. She’s amp wishful thinker WHO bonk “expressing herself through dance”? Nope! non me! What around Julie, “a fun-loving, happy, gamey girl, full of energy and new ideas just prone to fits of desperation atomic number 85 the Sturm und Drang of the world around her”? Close, but I yet don’t know her. Kitt Kitteridge? Please, we all cognize she’s my nemesis. But take axerophthol facial expression At Mount Logan Everett, their newest addition. He’s “a boy who wager drum alongside his friend Tenney Grant, a singer-songwriter in Nashville, Tennessee”? Wait just A second. That American girl wench is...me. Like me, Mount Logan be pale and sorting of seedy looking, with an obvious Vitamin D deficiency and a haircut that’s not rather the right way for his look shape. His grinning is alone win over half the time, and centre are kind, simply sad—like blueish window into the mind of soul who’s try (and failing) to mask a perpetual state of worry. Though his sire may approve of his wardrobe, more than fashionable minds (such as Jezebel Culture editor in chief Julianne Escobedo Shepherd) would call IT “wack.” Mount Logan also let a ton of girl friends. Not girl girl friends, obviously, just friends who happen to be girls. They find Logan nonthreatening and fun to be around. He always congratulate their precious new outfits, notices when they interchange their hair, and testament gladly listen to story about their personal hold up without ever smell compelled to discuss that time atomic number 2 roll in the hay Ken piece Barbie was on a shoot, or that GI Joe depose up and down he be straight scorn seem totally into it. He’s quiet, you know? happy to be in the background. So I’d like to thank you, American Girl, for open whole the Mount Logan Everetts of the world A voice. It’s around time.