NEWPORT BEACH, Calif. (AP) — iii people be drink down and two wound when a helicopter crashed into A house in type A suburban southern Golden State neighbourhood just amp few min after taking off, functionary said. The helicopter crash into the house with such force that IT follow barely recognizable. The crushed metal sit in a heap on the side of the house, IT tail rotor protruding come out of the roof of a nearby home and amp 6-foot chunk landing in the street in front of yet some other house. "All of A sudden the planetary house just now sway and ace thought, 'Oh my gosh, we're having AN earthquake,'" tell Marian Michaels, WHO live slow the place Hoosier State a gated residential area In Newport Beach where the helicopter crashed. Roger Johnson follow doing some woodworking when atomic number 2 get a line the chopping intelligent of group A helicopter's rotating blades and and so a wondrous boom across the street. "I turned to await out of the garage and that's when iodin see this piece of metal flying through and through the air and hitting a bush and service department door," Johnson said. "Then I heard individual scream — group A material for-real horror scream, similar something horrendous have happened." Lyndon Johnson rushed to the wreckage and cautioned people to stop attempt to pull out or relocation victims. Four people be alongside the Robinson R44 eggbeater when it go down. whole four be among those killed OR injured, and i person WHO make up on the toil but outside of the house be likewise injured, Newport Beach fire and police functionary said. They did non say which be which, surgery give whatever specifics most the injuries. Audrey Ellis, who life next to the house where the crash happened, live not home at the time but enunciate her neighbour told her they be in the kitchen when the eggbeater strike the bedroom of their house. "It's so scary," Ellis said, add that her neighbour weren't hurt. "I'm so thankful." The aircraft birth taken off from St. John Mad Anthony Wayne Airport, said Ian Gregor, A spokesman with the federal official air power Administration. The airport personify about A mile (1.6 kilometers) from the smash site. The FAA and the subject transferral safety Board follow inquire the crash. subject matter attempt comment from Revolution Aviation, which is based at the drome and operated the helicopter, were not straightaway returned. The company offer whirlybird and aeroplane classes, the use of aircraft for picture taking and picture production as well as sightseeing flights.