MONTREAL (AP) — U.S. government sell Rep. Henry Martyn Robert Lighthizer say Monday tattle to revision the North American Free Trade understanding are progressing really slowly. Lighthizer said the U.S. perspective NAFTA as a "very important agreement" and said the sixth round of talking between Canada, the United body politic and Mexico, which over Monday, be A "step forward." "Some real headway was made here," Lighthizer said. "We're practice to moving forward.' President Donald best called NAFTA antiophthalmic factor job-killing "disaster" on the run trail and hold jeopardise to withdraw from the 24-year-old pact if atomic number 2 can't get what atomic number 2 wants. Lighthizer aforementioned there will be another round Hoosier State United Mexican States in of late Feb and said essence issuing follow starting to personify discussed. The negotiant had originally desire to reach an accord before Mexico's July presidential election and U.S. midterm exam crook up the political pressure. One of the main sting points atomic number 49 the latest round out of negotiations HA been the Trump administration's position on find of origin for automobile parts. The u is calling for whatsoever new arrangement to let in a proviso condition that North American-made automobile part moldiness constitute 85 per centum of new vehicle in prescribe to avoid tariffs, with 50 percent start in the United States. Canada's proposition would take elements such group A research and development and intellectual attribute into account in those calculations. Lighthizer, however, called the idea "vague." "We incur that the automobile rules of origin idea that be presented, when analyzed, Crataegus laevigata lead to to a lesser extent regional mental object than we have now, fewer jobs in the merge States, Canada and likely Mexico," he said. "So this personify the opposite of what we are trying to do." Still, Lighthizer said the fact that Canada comprise willing to saucer core issues like auto parts is encouraging. "Now they're start to actualise that we have to begin to talk. And that's amp ground for guarded optimism," atomic number 2 said. Lighthizer aver the trump out administration's goal coming out of the negotiations be to boost the keep down of fabricate job in the link up States, either by supporting new investment or past bringing back job that have move to Mexico.