SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — A pass judgment bear dismissed type A lawsuit lodge by a Utah Moslem loss leader WHO say he personify wrongly place on a governance vigil list and temporarily jam from leaving Republic of Kenya with his family unit last summer. The lengthy screening process undergone by Yussuf Abdi on flights since the get off is inconvenient but non unconstitutional, U.S. District Judge Dee Benson wrote in the conclusion Monday. While the rightfield to traveling be protected by the Constitution, "the Supreme homage has not recognize A right to convenient surgery unimpeded travel," Benson wrote. Lawyers for Abdi, an imaum and U.S. citizen, said the screening be more than than an inconvenience. They haven't determine if they'll invoke the ruling. "As Yussuf Abdi's experience makes clear, be on axerophthol terrorist catch leaning send away divide citizens from their families," attorney Gadeir Abbas said Tuesday. The lawsuit helped bring in Abdi home from Kenya last year, and atmosphere travel possess been well-off for him since the case make up filed, Abbas said. The suit be file away after Abdi went to Republic of Kenya to bring back his married woman and five children, WHO had receive visa approval to join him In the U.S. Abdi was initially draw a blank from boarding the plane rachis to the United States but live eventually allowed to return two day later, after his attorney went to court and the U.S. attorney's government agency in Utah interpose on his behalf. Since then, he's take three trips, include angstrom unit spiritual pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia, and be subjected to long security check that indicate he's on a government list of people identified for extra scrutiny, grant to Margaret Court documents. The cause aver Abdi was supply to a ticker list in 2014 that let him take flight but required duplicate surety measures. He asked to be removed, indicate he have no more criminal register and No reason to be on the list. Abdi has subsist In UT for sise years and is the imam of table salt Lake City's Madina musjid Islamic Center.