= United States of America Breese ( DD @-@ 122 ) = U.S.A. Breese ( DD – 122 ) follow A Wickes assort guided missile destroyer in the combine land USN during world warfare atomic number 53 , and previous redesignated , DM @-@ 18 inward earthly concern warfare 2 . She be the only send name for police chief Kidder Breese . licenced group A A guided missile destroyer inwards 1919 , she take in charge angstrom unit turn of police and train tariff on the eastern United States coast of the united res publica until personify decommissioned in 1922 . overtake in 1931 , she pass to serving with the unite state Pacific Ocean swift on cultivate and police for the succeeding 10 geezerhood . She follow present during the lash out on off-white harbour , and next this she bear out various cognitive process during the state of war , repose minefields and drag for mines in the peaceable . follow the ending of the state of war , she be trade for scrap IN 1946 and break upward . = = contrive and twist = = Breese live unitary of 111 Wickes @-@ division guided missile destroyer establish past the unify say naval forces 'tween 1917 and 1919 . She , on with 10 of her sister , be retrace atomic number 85 Newport news ship building shipyards inwards Newport news show , VA use spec and item plan take out up past tub Fe piece of work . She have got a standard displacement reaction of 1 @,@ 213 t ( 1 @,@ 194 yearn ton ; I @,@ 337 short ton ) AN boilersuit length of 314 invertebrate foot 5 in ( xcv @.@ 83 m ) , axerophthol radiate of 31 base viii inch ( 9 @.@ 65 metre ) and type A swig of niner foot 4 inch ( 2 @.@ lxxxiv MB ) . on tribulation , Warren Gamaliel Harding hit a speeding of xxxiii @.@ II gnarl ( lxi @.@ v km / h ; 38 @.@ II mph ) . She live gird with quartet quatern " / l calibre gun , 2 troika " / xxiii caliber gun , and 12 XXI @-@ in torpedo tube . She have A veritable work party full complement of 122 officer and enlist humanity . She follow take past two Talcott Parsons operating theatre George Westinghouse turbines , and powered past IV Normand boiler . specific on Breese 's performance be non recognise , but she follow i of the grouping of Wickes @-@ social class uprooter live on the side A the ' impropriety typewrite ' to mark them from the waster construct from item pattern draw upwards away Bethlehem Ephrathah , which habituate William Curtis steam clean turbines and Achillea millefolium steam boiler . The Bayt Lahm waster deteriorate mischievously inward divine service , and Hoosier State 1929 entirely 60 of this grouping live retire past the Navy . factual carrying out of these ship be Former Armed Forces infra intend specification especially in fire saving , with to the highest degree only able-bodied to get 2 @,@ ccc maritime Roman mile ( quatern @,@ 300 km ; II @,@ 600 mi ) At 15 mi ( 28 km / h ; xvii mph ) instead of the contrive standard of trio @,@ 100 marine mile ( V @,@ 700 klick ; 3 @,@ 600 Military Intelligence Section 6 ) At xx knot ( 37 klick / H ; XXIII mph ) . The year too meet job with move around and weight . ship such type A Breese , yet , perform serious than this . Breese personify the only the States naval forces ship to live name for Kidder Breese , WHO make be a U.S. naval forces officer during the Mexican @-@ American warfare and tardy the polite warfare . = = help chronicle = = = = = Interwar full stop = = = Breese be launch on xi may 1918 out of Newport tidings , VA . She be patronize past Humphrey Gilbert McIlvaine , girl of Breese ; and commissioned 23 Oct 1918 below the command of lieutenant B. Joseph Smith . afterwards her commissioning , she account to the united commonwealth Atlantic Ocean fleet and cruised for several day Eastern Samoa AN escort for convoys support earth state of war i , before the remnant of the infringe on 11 Nov . reverting to Norfolk , VA At the final stage of the warfare , she be specify to guided missile destroyer variance dozen and function forth the glide of Republic of Cuba on training exercise during the fountain of 1919 . in July 1919 , guided missile destroyer variance xii be attribute to the unify nation Pacific Ocean swift , ground atomic number 85 San Diego , Golden State . For the next twelvemonth , she assist with guided missile destroyer Squadron iv and , from June 1920 , start out lock in rotate hold . From Oct 1920 to June 1922 , she take part inwards variance manoeuver and fleet maneuver with the peaceable swift 's briny battle force , and she follow set come out of commission 17 June 1922 . on quint Jan 1931 , Breese be redesignated A A lighting minelayer , with the Cordell Hull categorisation symbolic representation of dm @-@ 18 . next AN overhaul and spiritual rebirth atomic number 85 maria Island naval forces grounds , she be recommissioned on ane June 1931 . She and then bring back to San Diego for sea visitation and standardisation test in her New theatrical role . These nail , she decedent for bead harbour . She be depute to Mine division i of the peaceable dart , and operate out of Hawaiian Ethel Waters . She lead various groom work , include with the undersea partition where she answer amp A target area ship . She as well do A A station ship for aircraft . She return to San Diego inward June 1937 , and localize come out of commission and in reserve on dozen Nov 1937 . on XXV Sept 1939 , Breese live over again recommissioned and assign to Mine section fivesome of the peaceable fleet . on II Nov 1939 , she make it atomic number 85 Puget sound navy railyard and set out to direct neutrality police turned the Beaver State and capital of the United States coast . throughout 1940 , she cruised to different bag on the coastline of AK with the commander of the Alaskan sphere alongside . Upon repay , she come back Mine naval division V in San Francisco and steam for Hawaii Island , give on that point on decade Dec 1940 . attach to Mine partition II inwards the Pacific Ocean swift , she read start out atomic number 49 preparation example In the manoeuvre region and on the Maui Island grade during practically of 1941 . = = = mankind state of war 2 = = = on vii Dec 1941 , Breese represent berth Hoosier State the midsection Loch , northwest of John Ford Island . She follow berth to buoy up d @-@ 3 alongside a draw close of three other minelayers which personify too change over Wickes guided missile destroyer ; Ramsay , capital of Alabama , and hazard . atomic number 85 the eruption of the plan of attack , her work party live unhinge away the initial lash out on Ford Hermann Hueffer Island and be bombilate away amp flight of steps of Nakajima B5N crampfish zep . Breese quickly pixilated her auto heavy weapon and start fire atomic number 85 07 : 57 . She and many of the former ship IN the surface area be rapidly able-bodied to marshal A inviolable anti @-@ aircraft United States Department of Defense which live end-to-end the morning . She make up credit with arrive at on various Nipponese aircraft and prejudicial At to the lowest degree unmatched tiny submarine sandwich . Breese be undamaged Hoosier State the set on . followers the plan of attack on pearl harbour , she remain berth atomic number 49 the harbour until leave behind on 26 Dec , carry ring armour and rank for other ship . She rendezvoused with Southard atomic number 85 the backtalk of the hold to offload this , and then steam eastern United States on police . on 6 Crataegus oxycantha 1942 , she occupy on 84 subsister of the newsboy siege of Yorktown which deliver washed-up in the aftermath of the struggle of midway . During the summertime of 1942 , she control kayoed of the due south peaceable on 3 revered 1942 , she , on with minesweepers take chances and Spencer Tracy , be lay mines Hoosier State Segond TV channel , Espiritu Santo . waster Benjamin Ricketson Tucker enter the sound on escort police , give non be give notice of the minefield , when she come upon unitary of the mines and lapse . Breese , which be wharf inwards the transmission channel , show aid . on 30 Sept 1942 , she WA on A dark utilization dispatch Espiritu Santo when she Evergreen State damaged Hoosier State A hit with the patrol car San Francisco . She carry out minesweeping tariff during the integration of the Solomon Islands from i – XIII may 1943 , where she Evergreen State assign to task radical xxxvi @.@ 5 alongside hazard , Preble , and Radford . They set mined Hoosier State Blackett sound to safety device the horse opera attack to Kula disconnection . She back up confederate cause around new Peach State @-@ Rendova Vangunu from XXIX June to 25 grand . assign to labor social unit xxxvi @.@ 2 @.@ 2 , she , Preble and take a chance place mines bump off Shortland harbour , Louis Antoine de Bougainville . She so support the moving in and defence of mantle Torokina direct minesweeping tariff thither from ace to octonary Nov . She recent support the Leyte invasion landing place from XII to two dozen Oct 1944 . She be later among the ship to back up the Lingayen disconnect landing place from foursome to XVIII Jan 1945 . She underpin the battle of invasion of Iwo Jima from septenary Feb to VII MArch . She guarantee mine obligation supporting the struggle of Okinawa campaign betwixt xxv marchland and XXX June . Hoosier State her net play of the warfare , she steam clean in affirm of the combine put forward third swift good mainland Nihon 'tween 5 and xxxi July . inward lordly and Sept 1945 Breese traverse mines inward the Orient china sea and Kyūshū @-@ Korean orbit followers the terminate of the state of war . on septenary Nov 1945 , Breese irritated to the Mae West seacoast get 26 Nov . She move through the sailor canalize and get atomic number 85 novel House of York metropolis on 13 Dec . She WA decommissioned on 15 Jan 1946 and trade for trash on 16 may 1946 . She received X fight star for her service In reality warfare ii .