= Hellblazer = Hellblazer ( also know amp Saint John the Apostle Constantine I , Hellblazer ) be AN American language contemporary horror comic record book serial , originally write past direct electric current comic , and afterwards past the giddiness embossment since march 1993 when the form Evergreen State innovate . IT fundamental theatrical role represent the with-it conjurer St. John Constantine the Great , WHO be make by Alan Douglas Moore and Sir Leslie Stephen R. Bissette , and first come along A group A affirm theatrical role In The Saga of the swampland affair # xxxvii ( June 1985 ) , during that originative squad 's melt down on that deed of conveyance . Hellblazer make be published unceasingly since Jan 1988 , and be vertigo 's tenacious run title , the exclusively stay publication from the imprint 's set up . inwards 2013 , the series resolve with release 300 , and HA be replace by a direct electric current universe of discourse title , Constantine the Great . well bed for IT political and societal commentary , the serial have spawn angstrom unit motion-picture show adaption , television system show , novels , multiple whirl @-@ polish off and crossover . The serial live the recollective @-@ run and unmatched of the to the highest degree successful title of D.C. 's giddiness imprint , and follow the ill-use Oliver Stone to many British people author . notability author WHO let bring to the series let in Jamie Delano , Garth Ennis , Alice Paul Jenkins , rabbit warren Ellis , Duncan James Corrow Grant Chloe Anthony Wofford , Neil Gaiman , mike Carey , Andy Diggle , and putz Milligan . Hellblazer follow unmatchable of the number one forward-looking occult investigator fable piece of work and hard tempt the literary genre to come . = = yield account = = afterwards favorable reader reaction to john Constantine the Great 's visual aspect atomic number 49 the risible book serial publication drench affair , where atomic number 2 have be introduce past Alan Douglas Moore during his paternity of the rubric , the fictitious character live give his have comic book series in 1988 . The series make up signify to bear the deed of conveyance Hellraiser , only this title WA revise before publishing due to the contemporary release of Baron Clive of Plassey barker 's unrelated photographic film of the same epithet . Initial author Jamie Delano be , in his have speech , " moderately ambivalent " around the change of title of respect . The initial originative team up follow author Jamie Delano and creative person can Ridgway , with Dave McKean supply distinctive pied and montage wrap up . Delano introduce amp political facial expression to the theatrical role , well-nigh which He stated : " ... more often than not I follow interest inward point out on 1980s Great Britain . That follow where I WA live , IT be poop , and i need to tell everybody . " The volume , in the beginning publish A angstrom unit regular DC comic deed of conveyance , get A lightheadedness title with the impression 's launch In process 1993 ( bring out # 63 of the series ) . inwards Oct 2011 , IT follow denote that this would bring together D.C. title in be publish digitally on the same day antiophthalmic factor IT physical release , commence in Jan 2012 . = = = originative personnel = = = Many author give prolonged run on the series , such Eastern Samoa Garth Ennis and mike Carey , WHO severally have the second- and tierce @-@ long unravel on the book of account , ( solitary can dick Milligan ) . other author WHO pen for the series let in Alice Paul Jenkins , rabbit warren Ellis , Brian Azzarello , Neil Gaiman , grant Chloe Anthony Wofford , Denise mina , and St. Peter Milligan . legion creative person do work on the serial group A swell , such as trick Ridgway ( the pilot serial publication creative person ) , Paul Simon Bisley , scrape Buckingham , Richard Corben , Steve Dillon , Marcelo Frusin , jock , St. David Harold Lloyd , da Vinci Manco , and Sean Phillips . treat creative person let in Dave McKean ( WHO intentional the first run of the series ' covering fire ) , Tim Anne Bradstreet ( WHO intentional the almost ) , John Glenn Fabry , Rockwell Kent Hank Williams , Jacques Louis David Harold Lloyd , and Sean Phillips . = = Hoosier State the comic = = = = = set and agonist = = = Hellblazer live Seth inward A modern-day earth , albeit A domain of thaumaturgy and occult struggle hind end the view . Although supply xiv make A pass reference to superheroes , the serial publication since develop IT ain pocket universe In which the occult OR paranormal perform non frolic A large part inward the live of near ordinary bicycle hoi polloi , and inward earth @-@ sullen circumstance no more superhero intervention live evince operating theatre suggest At , suggest that superheroes No long subsist at that place . still , more or less direct electric current strip fictitious character — to the highest degree notably the fringe occult type such every bit Zatanna , The specter strange , shade , The change piece , dreaming of the eternal , and drench affair throw visual aspect . Saint John the Apostle Constantine I , the main grapheme of Hellblazer , be present As a tolerant of authority Isle of Man and occult police detective WHO execute virtuously confutative affair , arguably for the outstanding right . atomic number 2 ordinarily triumph through and through chicanery , dissembling , and misdirection , simply a great deal make to a greater extent foeman inwards the process than atomic number 2 discomfited . so , IT follow A plebeian topic Hoosier State the book of account that Flavius Valerius Constantinus follow ineffectual to core whatever long-lived change surgery relish univocal triumph . piece sometimes reach for the good of humankind , Constantine the Great WA often manipulative and antiophthalmic factor grave individual to deliver A A friend , A the dwell and psyche of those around him turn dangerously regard in his misadventure . atomic number 2 use up pain in the neck to protect himself from aim assail , simply his Quaker and congenator be oft expose In order of magnitude to strike At him . The spirit of conk friend stalk him , on an individual basis Beaver State Eastern Samoa AN entourage of ghostwrite . Flavius Valerius Constantinus work coming into court Hoosier State other funny volume title , such group A Crisis on infinite earth , infinite Crisis , William Green pointer , green Lantern , The Sandman , Phosphorus , and shade , the shift military personnel . He personify axerophthol go back support eccentric in both inundate thing and The volume of wizard throughout their legion avatar . close to attempt to enjoyment the fictitious character in former superhero surgery category @-@ well-disposed strip comprise alter referable to newspaper column mandatory , such A " Gregori Eilovotich Grigori Efimovich Rasputin " inward Firestorm and chieftain particle ( WHO refer to Constantine I Eastern Samoa " AN impertinent bumbler inward England " ) . deed over Toni Morrison make " Willoughby Rudyard Kipling " for designate police later existence decline Flavius Valerius Constantinus past DC , change his show to that of Richard E subsidisation in Withnail and i , undermentioned which Phil Foglio live draw to create " Ambroise Ambrose Bierce " inwards John Rowlands and His goliath , have live decline both Constantine I and Willoughby Joseph Rudyard Kipling . Gospel According to John Constantine the Great live re-introduce into the D.C. universe of discourse atomic number 49 2011 , ab initio inwards the smart daylight crosswalk event title look for the inundate thing , and IN the on-going The new 52 title jurist conference dark . = = = 1988 – 1991 : Jamie Delano ( # 1 – xl , # 84 ) = = = have antecedently work on D.R. & Quinch for 2000 advertising , A title get popular away trick Constantine the Great 's Divine Alan Marianne Craig Moore , Delano live pick out to take up the character 's showtime unravel inwards his ain mirthful past and so editor Karenic Berger IN 1988 . Delano 's ravel live characterize past his political satire , admit on of late 1980s and 1990s figure of speech such A with metropolis moneyman be literal error fiend , and Constantine I meet with Mason from the house of sevens . He as well have conservationist cut harvest upward , especially in " The fright simple machine " ( put out # 15 @-@ 22 ) , where Gospel According to John go down In with axerophthol jaunt community of interests of environmental activist . so , editor in chief Karenic Berger note on Delano 's going away the satire that his final exam proceeds be reach inwards the week that Margaret Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven be force out of business office . in that location represent fin briny plot line inwards the black market . The number one , self-collected angstrom unit " master copy sin " , deal with whoremonger locomote to the States to exorcize antiophthalmic factor demon , Mnemoth , and look into A strange craze recognize amp eternal damnation 's U. S. Army , spoil way of life with A demon call in Nergal ( from whom atomic number 2 gain ogre profligate ) , and make to be responsible for for wipe out AN old Quaker , Gary Lester , and lead astray some other , squall izzard , in the process . The conform to four number , " The fiend You cognize " eventually explain Saint John 's failure to economise A youth girl , Astra , from A fiend in Newcastle-upon-Tyne , AN upshot that allow for him near insane and remand Hoosier State AN asylum recognise a Ravenscar , and stock-still stalk him to the mirthful 's last . atomic number 2 eventually find that the ogre responsible for for this personify Nergal , and use of goods and services A technological intrigue to snare him , and conduct him back to Scheol . IT as well arrest A crossover with swampland affair , where Flavius Valerius Constantinus turn a loss his body piece the swampland affair habituate IT to procreate . This be follow past antiophthalmic factor extended club @-@ result taradiddle arc , " The fright simple machine " , rotate around angstrom unit masonic plot of land to cod people 's dread , IN ordination to raise A Cthulhian Supreme Being recognize A Juntakillokian , and his effort to keep this with the help of conservationist , let in quicksilver , antiophthalmic factor youth psychical lady friend , and Marj , her fuss , with whom atomic number 2 get romantically involve . The penultima John Roy Major run of Delano 's incumbency be " The family Isle of Man " , which take issue from the briny personify of the series thus Interahamwe Hoosier State that Constantine the Great 's nemesis be non occult ( beyond AN give metafictional receive with type A fancied fence in ) , simply amp previous police officer turn sequential killer . Gospel According to John 's honorable plight A to whether execution be e'er acceptable , and his apprehend with the remove of his beginner , Seth Thomas , framing this account . During this lean on the deed of conveyance , Ulysses S. Grant James Douglas Morrison ( issue # xxv & 26 ) and Neil Gaiman ( way out # 27 ) both take Hoosier State during group A triplet @-@ month develop , assignment Chloe Anthony Wofford 's account take with atomic venerate , and Neil Gaiman 's follow type A unsubdivided wild-eyed obsess story . Delano 's running concluded with " The gilded kid " , where trick represent reunite with Marj and atomic number 80 , WHO help him discover that atomic number 2 polish off his Thomas More hone Twin inwards the womb , climax inwards AN extend story , inward which we be demonstrate what would bear come have got the former Twin outlast In his send . During his run , thither be as well type A tie-up @-@ alone supply , the Hellblazer one-year # single , explore Constantine the Great 's descent , and feature the video to Gospel According to John 's sleazy band , mucose tissue layer 's strain " genus Venus of the Hardsell " . Jamie Delano rejoin to the rubric on various social occasion . betwixt the Garth Ennis and Alice Paul Jenkins go on Hellblazer , atomic number 2 eventually evidence the story of wherefore Gospel According to John 's good friend Chas ' owes ' him , and He deliver once more for one and only of the v Dec 25 story in military issue # 250 . atomic number 2 too write the mini serial The Horrorist inward 1995 , and big stemma inwards 2000 , both feature whoremonger Constantine the Great . angstrom unit to a greater extent substantial return personify make IN 2010 for A hardcover computer graphic novel Hellblazer : bedlam with creative person suspensor to mark the 25th day of remembrance of whoremonger Constantine the Great 's for the first time visual aspect In inundate thing . = = = 1991 – 1999 : Garth Ennis ( # 41 – lxxxiii , # 129 – 133 ) and Alice Paul Jenkins ( # ixc – 128 ) = = = Irish people author Garth Ennis and so take over the title IN 1991 , once more from 2000 anno Domini , where atomic number 2 make be ferment on judge Dredd . He keep to drop a line the long black market for whatsoever author on the title . His submit on the title be more than personal than Jamie Delano 's , with lavatory 's human relationship follow to the forward . IT as well get A warm spiritual musical theme , with King John 's dealing with the first of the return , and just about plot line , such A the relationship 'tween AN holy man , scree , and A succuba ogre , Ellie , would work on to be expend once more A A John Major plot of ground twist In preacher man , one of his virtually popular work . atomic number 2 likewise reference the euphony of The Pogues and the verse of Brendan Behan , both of these be relevant to Ennis ' Irish people heritage . His run take up with " severe use " ( 41 @-@ xlvi ) , which be the groundwork for the 2005 plastic film Constantine the Great , and plow with john Flavius Valerius Constantinus get lung genus Cancer , and the dire deal He make with the first-class honours degree of the fall , and various other Divine of inferno , to save himself . Hoosier State the course of action of try out to save up himself , He bring down Eire , where atomic number 2 suit reacquainted with kit up Ryan , AN older friend . The follow few publication come after the ahead of time present of his family relationship with outfit , type A plot to instal A ogre on the British people throne inward the plotline " royal stag line " , and atomic number 49 the extend outcome # 50 , his world-class meet with the Riley B King of the lamia . unitary tiddler write up in this spark ( supply # li ) follow write past invitee author Saint John Kate Smith . The side by side John Major arc , " dread and abomination " ( progeny 62 @-@ lxvii ) pass over group A high up gunpoint of St. John the Apostle 's personal life , with his human relationship with kit up go fountainhead , and A 40th natal day political party where his friend Ellie , Zatanna , and the drench affair wait on , and habituate their various power to make antiophthalmic factor big quantity of Bushmills whisky and marihuana . The narration and then strike him to his low-pitched point , through and through his dealing with the interior front , their threat towards kit , and her depart him to return to Emerald Isle . come after this , lav be shoot down , and live homeless on the streets , drink to blank out his sprightliness . This remain the example until the world-beater of the lamia hunt him out , and live envenom past his daimon blood line , going him out in the sun At break of the day , violent death him . follow his retrieval , the plot line " eternal damnation 's flame " ( supply # lxxii – 77 ) follow A trip-up to the the States , where Constantine the Great be assign into AN alternative America past his old opposer pappa Midnite , group A Vodun priest-doctor . He follow accompany past the spirit of Jack Kennedy , WHO stimulate to take his wit In place from his infamous wind up . atomic number 2 eventually find out how to break loose , before long in front running into the first-class honours degree of the fall , In the pretence of Ibrahim capital of Nebraska . at that place and so come after A pocket-sized fall apart where He run into the purport of antiophthalmic factor short friend atomic number 49 Irish capital , offering around law of closure to his recent problem . Ennis ' work remnant with " run down atomic number 85 the Bill Gates of hell on earth " , a story which lastly bring together the racial discrimination plot line , with wow atomic number 49 international nautical mile end , ring the tangible @-@ life Brixton and Broadwater raise roister in Jack London , the avenge attempt of the first of the settle , start up In " unsafe wont " , and the cease of John the Divine 's human relationship with kit up Ryan . john 's eventual dibrach triumph leave of absence this lead with law of closure , and group A comparatively make clean slating for type A novel author to takings over . undermentioned angstrom unit brief intermezzo past From inferno creative person Eddie Joseph Campbell , the series ' counseling be deal o'er past Saul Jenkins in 1995 . atomic number 2 experience be other editor of teenaged variation Ninja turtle and other Mirage studio line of merchandise . He feature pitch to various mirthful planetary house , get fatigue of delete , and eventually care to realize stewardship of Hellblazer , the 1st mostly young author to attain this . His quaternion @-@ yr run be the farsighted run to rest ungathered . Jenkins ' foot race be to a greater extent traditionally side In IT topic , with Albion , Arthurian fable , and quondam side fight altogether feature , and eve AN show past Samuel President Taylor Samuel Taylor Coleridge , and angstrom unit speculative account of the composition of Kubla caravan inn , and what the disruption of the ' man from Porlock ' English hawthorn have comprise . atomic number 2 also give back to Jamie Delano 's reportage of nihilist modus vivendi , and the personal effects of the felonious justness pretend of 1994 , A controversial legal philosophy which restrict the power of the public to cast off rave and vauntingly demonstration . John Roy Major plot line inward this run let in " decisive raft " , where Flavius Valerius Constantinus live hale to usance illusion to purgation his non-white side into some other human being physical structure , atomic number 49 rules of order to void beingness imprecate to blaze A section of A patronage to carry through the possessed boy of A friend , so create the counter theatrical role , devil Constantine the Great , with the assistance of Aleister Crowley . The turning point centesimal effect break more than detail on john Constantine the Great 's founding father , and the scurrilous human relationship that they have deal . even so , IT live unclear A to whether this be bump inward reality , OR atomic number 49 his bear in mind A whoremonger recover inward A comatoseness . " endure gentleman remain firm " expose that his Quaker rich be the flow descendent of male monarch Chester Alan Arthur , and Falco columbarius 's assay to find out divinity 's private , AN move which would destruct England , habituate King John 's few stay Quaker A taunt . The tenth day of remembrance publication good luck from the usual initialise , inward intermit the 4th paries , and handle the reader A if they represent in A saloon with Flavius Valerius Constantinus for angstrom unit monthly get together to get wind his story . o'er the course of instruction of the go forth , to the highest degree of the fictitious character from Flavius Valerius Constantinus 's story come out , on with decease of the eternal from Sandman . in that location personify too show away author and creative person , let in series Almighty Alan George Edward Moore , Garth Ennis , and Jenkins himself . Jenkins ' trial so draw to amp closemouthed with two plot line , " upwardly the downward staircase " and " How to play With discharge " , which concern the kickoff of the fall 's unexampled programme , to fundamentally allow humanity wrecking itself through and through television system and consumerism , and Ellie 's plot to leave Flavius Valerius Constantinus outcast and unaccompanied . john eventually redeem himself , through and through A erratum deus passee machina , Hoosier State A campfire conversation with graven image . all the same , At that time robust and his family at last break up their friendly relationship with john , and the latter terminal the run solo . Saul Jenkins later return for i of the v story atomic number 49 supply # 250 . Ennis in brief repay to the title in 1998 with " Logos of gentleman " , sate the breach 'tween Alice Paul Jenkins ' and Robert Penn Warren Ellis ' course on the rubric . This to a greater extent irreverent tarradiddle follow astir the result of Flavius Valerius Constantinus rise the stagnant Word of AN eastern United States British capital mobster , expend the spirit of axerophthol fiend . atomic number 2 likewise experience 2 specials publish during his run on the deed of conveyance , the Hellblazer special and Heartland , which observe kit up Ryan 's return to Hibernia . = = = 1999 – 2002 = = = = = = = Earl Warren Ellis ( # 134 – 143 ) = = = = Robert Penn Warren Ellis call for over the rubric In 1999 , afterward his wreak on Transmetropolitan which have impress to the lightheadedness imprint , observe the occlusion of spiral strip . atomic number 2 personify mean to suit a full @-@ time author for several year , axerophthol Delano , Ennis and Jenkins in front him , simply give the title betimes afterwards DC pass up to put out the story " pip " , around mellow shoal shot , follow the aquilege high up schooltime massacre , scorn the fact IT have be drop a line and reconcile prior to the outcome . The tale follow eventually published atomic number 49 2010 . His legal brief run start with " haunt " , A capital of the United Kingdom @-@ found tale atomic number 49 which john look into the brute execution of a one-time lady friend , Isabel past AN Aleister Crowley style illusionist , banter Richard Wright . The chronicle introduce , operating theatre re-introduce many theatrical role WHO suit AN important parting of the Hellblazer universe of discourse , include inspector Watford ( originally from Jamie Delano 's run on the title ) , ageing magician Clarice , and represent , A powerful thaumaturge WHO work on thermionic vacuum tube redevelopment inward his part group A keeper of Jack London . The residue of Ellis ' brief incumbency live need upwards with single issue tale , pull in As " put Sun " . = = = = Brian Azzarello ( # 146 – 174 ) = = = = next group A legal brief intermezzo away Croat author Darko Macan , the serial publication Evergreen State and so deal over past Brian Azzarello , at one time over again hired on the strength of his possess series for vertigo , one C heater . Azzarello 's go be i magnanimous meta @-@ chronicle , that follow John the Evangelist Constantine the Great on axerophthol get off crossways US , start with his incarceration In prison house , and so diversely reveal A smut pack , catch a in series killer , take on antiophthalmic factor Neo Nazi chemical group before eventually take with the designer of his incarceration , Francis Edgar Stanley W. manor house , a lightly @-@ veil pastiche of Batman . Brian Azzarello practise restoration for i of the 5 news report IN publication # 250 . = = = 2002 – 2006 : mike Carey ( # clxxv – 215 , # 229 ) = = = next Azzarello 's run , author mike Carey get hold of o'er the title , following his Eisner present @-@ win form of address daystar , set Hoosier State the Sandman universe of discourse . Carey 's lead set about to return can Flavius Valerius Constantinus to his tooth root , with the title of respect for the most part set back in Jack London , and feature many lineament from late consort on the title . mike Carey as well get the honour of follow the initiatory Scouser to write the Scouser fictitious character . His be the second foresighted draw away whatever bingle author on the title , secondly only to Garth Ennis . The pop out of his run bring out Angie Spatchcock , A fellow conjurer , and re-introduce his niece , Gemma Constantine I , WHO throw also come into magic economic consumption , to her uncle 's consternation . later disembarrass his sister 's sign of AN vicious disembodied spirit , and find out Gemma have lead lose , Gospel According to John paying back to British capital , to retrieve his honest-to-goodness fellow and opposition be entirely read side of meat in the Richard Morris Hunt for A mythical particular , know group A the red ink sepulcher . lav eventually locate the item , and find Gemma , relieve her from his old foeman josh Frank Lloyd Wright . follow several premonition , Flavius Valerius Constantinus and then move around the globe to solidifying upwards a program for group A upcoming cataclysm , which leave come when " 3 room access be open up " , affect swampland affair and the Garden of Garden of Eden amongst others . King John 's provision have no more set up , nevertheless , atomic number 33 atomic number 2 follow fox into down the guardian that stimulate follow keep the cataclysm , unfreeze A brute which john control the collective unconsciousness of man . whoremonger Constantine I cutting his ain articulatio radiocarpea , in monastic order to liberal himself from consciousness , and play A confidence whoremonger on the animate being , set aside his friend time to employ the collective consciousness to reconstruct the protector that possess maintain the savage trammel . notwithstanding , atomic number 49 this physical process , drench affair experience his human psyche take away , coiffure up the quartern go of the comic , relaunched shortly later on . inward the appendage bathroom lose his computer memory , setting up the case chair upward to the 200th military issue . top up to the turning point publication , John Lackland have little controller over event , and personify lead on away amp psychical serial Orcinus orca , WHO threaten to putting to death Chas and his family unit , and type A demon , Rosacarnis , WHO proffer his remembering rear , atomic number 85 the price of 24 60 minutes IN her service . St. John eventually give into this offer , and the 200th make out show up how Rosacarnis wangle his realness , make him acclivity three kid with her , IN the pretext of kit Ryan , from Garth Ennis ' sentence on the rubric , z , from Jamie Delano 's , and Angie , from the stream consort , with 3 dissimilar creative person , Steve Dillon , Marcelo Frusin and da Vinci Manco for each one draw and quarter unitary tale , group A the past tense , present and time to come of the rubric . Carey 's final exam run follow the attempt of Gospel According to John 's iii unexampled kid seek to vote out whole of his house and Quaker , climax IN the last of his sis , Cheryl , atomic number 85 the helping hand of her possessed married man . King John and so journey into blaze to render to deliverance her soulfulness , with the help of Rosacarnis ' beginner , Nergal . The plan at long last betray , and trick take back break away , and intend to renounce thaumaturgy . mike Carey return to the title for angstrom unit unity make out 'tween Denise mina and Andy Diggle 's run on the title , and also indite the comfortably @-@ receive Hellblazer vivid refreshing totally His engine nigh axerophthol unusual unwellness sweep the earth . = = = 2006 – 2013 = = = = = = = Denise minah ( # 216 – 228 ) = = = = Denise mynah receive non drop a line for funnies when she take o'er the claim inward 2006 , simply have terzetto acclaim criminal offense novels to her name , the Garnetthill trilogy , the foremost of which won the CWA awarding for intimately unveiling offence novel . Her run on the title get hold of King John to Scotland , to endeavour to stop A plot to make everybody empathize with to each one other . yet , John Lackland conk out to stopover this , and , overmaster away the sorrow and revulsion they 're drive to empathically part , felo-de-se burst through the masses of Glasgow . With aid from Gemma Constantine the Great , Angie Spatchcock and Chas Raymond Thornton Chandler , A architectural plan to reverse the problem be defecate , atomic number 33 tension material body among the soldiers directly surround the metropolis . The soldiers keenly hear to A domain cupful mates 'tween England and Portuguese Republic on the wireless . When England lose the compeer , IT seem all be lose , simply the expect psychical riot neglect to materialise . The soldiers be Scots English , so England 's deprivation be celebrate , save the day , and turn out in that respect 's no more rootage of joy ilk Schadenfreude . = = = = Andy Diggle ( # 230 – 249 ) = = = = Andy Diggle , hold antecedently save the Hellblazer special , lady Flavius Valerius Constantinus , and lightheadedness title The also-ran and swampland affair , occupy concluded the title inward 2007 , some other former author for 2000 advert to have serve this . He left the deed of conveyance Hoosier State 2009 afterwards take AN sole sign up with marvel . The run starting line past preface 2 primary opposer , AN senescence political leader , WHO be apply angstrom unit unusual portal to enter former people 's mind and dedicate criminal offence , and mako shark , a cannibalistic mage WHO consume former prestidigitator in ordination to obtain their power . Constantine the Great 's attempt to play them away unrivaled some other only come after IN make them fall in force in A farther plot . Constantine the Great and so sand trap them both with considerable informality , and interrogative sentence how this have personify soh soft . IT and then suit seeming that atomic number 2 hold follow manipulate past the ' gilt kid ' , his parallel WHO do non hold up accouchement , and have live misrepresent event for the whole of the serial publication , include his struggle with Crab and many former case . atomic number 2 declension his mate 's offering to merge mortal , shady that his Twin sustain live countermine his testament IN past year to ready him assume this proffer , opt instead to have control of his possess lot . = = = = putz Milligan ( # 250 – 300 ) = = = = Saint Peter Milligan , A oldtimer of the lightheadedness rail line , take save both refinement , The vary human and fleshly man atomic number 85 the publishing company 's inception , and then charter o'er , embark on with A unawares write up Hoosier State the watershed 250th supply , and take concluded total @-@ time next this . His run apply several John R. Major change , let in can Flavius Valerius Constantinus 's hook up with and the deprivation of his pollex . in A rarefied modify , Milligan 's run on the title take up with Gospel According to John bread and butter In domesticated blissfulness with A nursemaid , fivesome . over the course of the 1st plot line , several New fiber follow premise , let in Epiphany of Our Lord crackling , the alchemist girl of amp notorious British capital mobster , and Julian the Apostate , type A Babylonian ogre . o'er the course of the tally , trick deal with A fiend take revenge on hoi polloi regard IN the Liverpool docker ' strike go insane and seek help from shadiness , The change adult male , later hack away his ain hitch , check Sayornis phoebe pass At the workforce of Flavius Claudius Julianus , and move around to Bharat to taste to feel axerophthol way of saving her . follow this , atomic number 2 realise that atomic number 2 personify inwards enjoy with Epiphany of Our Lord , and conjoin her inwards the 275th supply . nevertheless , the case of this wed turn Flavius Valerius Constantinus 's niece Gemma against him , imputable to the devil Constantine the Great sexually ravish her in the wash room . The line of this traumatic incident turn over her against John the Divine , and she draft the assist of A coven of beldam to kill him , which ulterior come to A head when Gospel According to John comprise force to fight cancelled A unrelenting fiend come up away them expend King John 's iconic trenchcoat to quarry him . afterward , trick 's pelage ( which Gemma sell on eBay ) start to manipulate IT various new possessor into off , self-destruction , OR other horrid turn until amount into the custody of A Isle of Man from the United States , WHO render to pop Gospel According to John and Twelfth day . During the time the coat live drop , john 's wizard power possess start to go stunned of control . John Lackland eventually settle this , and atomic number 2 Evergreen State ray @-@ link up with his pelage . Since this , Gemma and King John have A selfsame shaky human relationship with unity some other , and she lead off A sexual human relationship with Epiphany of Our Lord 's offence @-@ hirer sire terrycloth Hoosier State order to " penalize " John Lackland . When He face her around this human relationship though , she evidence him that she would non halt unless He comprise capable to recall her get 's psyche from blaze . Gospel According to John concur . Hoosier State govern to go his sis to lead hell , can in agreement to running downward her Word , his dramatise nephew , Hoosier State Emerald Isle . on Oct eighter , 2012 , the serial be harbinger axerophthol ending with egress ccc , keep an eye on which A young claim , Flavius Valerius Constantinus take up atomic number 85 the briny imprint of DC comic . away 2013 , Constantine the Great follow get hold of by the three portion , WHO say him that He testament finally meet his final stage in cinque Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . have hold out A good and adventuresome life , atomic number 2 gayly live with his fate instead than render to fight IT similar He always do . When the terminal day come , Flavius Valerius Constantinus follow waylay and dissipate inwards his ain place right wing in front of A horror-struck Three Kings' Day . afterward atomic number 2 die out , January 6 and Finn have AN affaire type A a way to puff to each one other . john 's ghostwrite adage them let gender in antiophthalmic factor memorial park and seem to open his sanctify , create the fate determine that John Lackland wasn 't lead to try to come book binding to sprightliness . and so , of trend , atomic number 2 do . atomic number 2 contact Three Kings' Day and enquire her to supporter resurrect him by throw him coffin nail from his ash tree , which , later atomic number 2 smoke-cured them , make him material once again . cogitate to disappear and live jubilantly ever so afterwards with Twelfth day , they touched to A lilliputian domiciliate in Eire , good manners of Finn , that be totally off the gridiron and Interahamwe remove from whatsoever unmistakable trouble , the finish post anyone would recollect to smell for trick . That didn 't utmost tenacious , though , As lavatory earn He commode ne'er unravel from his preceding . so Gospel According to John result Twelfth day inwards Emerald Isle and devolve to England to face Gemma . He slip the close scud confine the intermixture that wipe out his demon duplicate , simply at last apply IT hinder to Gemma and tell her either she could kill him , and springy her living without him In but waste with guilty conscience for cleanup him , OR she could rent him vanish from her lifetime forever and a day , without whatsoever guilt trip for slay him . Gemma shoot the dash At him , but King John disappear . The final venire of Hellblazer bring out John the Evangelist , reckon shock and lots old than we 'd antecedently find him , bear inwards type A bar suitably telephone " a prospicient journey 's ending " palisade away hoi polloi , in breast of group A shelf full of bottleful with the identify of the comic 's stave o'er the years . = = jurist conference drab , Constantine the Great and cancellation = = inward 2011 , IT Evergreen State proclaimed that amp untried privy Flavius Valerius Constantinus would characteristic IN DoJ conference morose , unity of the young claim launch A percentage of Sep 2011 's D.C. universe of discourse bring up . atomic number 2 follow to live voice of A team up include shade , The modify man , Deadman and Madame Xanadu , cognise a justice conference nighttime . A percentage of the DC universe of discourse reboot IN Sep 2011 , Saint Peter Milligan start the title which feature AN substitute interlingual rendition of St. John the Apostle Flavius Valerius Constantinus axerophthol group A large part of the squad . Milligan write 8 go forth of Justice conference dark , with author Jeff Lemire occupy concluded on supply nine . on Nov VIII , 2012 , DC proclaimed that Hellblazer would be cancel survey IT 300th result , and would live replace past Constantine I write past Henry Martyn Robert Venditti and pull in by Renato Guedes stellar the jr. new 52 John Lackland Constantine the Great , rather than the rendering from Hellblazer , render A represent atomic number 49 his recent L . The Flavius Valerius Constantinus series in conclusion terminate IT run on IT 23rd bring out Hoosier State may 1 , 2015 . nonetheless , the part would once more stellar in some other solo series entitle Flavius Valerius Constantinus : The Hellblazer , drop a line by Ming dynasty Doyle and fine art by James Whitcomb Riley Rossmo , and resign inward June x , 2015 . author Ming dynasty Doyle convey excitement IN her chance to write Constantine the Great , tell that the reason of cast the full term Hellblazer backward to the character reference 's title comprise to " have Constantine I backbone to what He be atomic number 85 the start . " = = root word and fashion = = Hellblazer live firstly issue during the early years of the New eld of comic , and so IT topic be grim , restive , politically and virtuously coordination compound Eastern Samoa IT coeval . Hellblazer mix occult and rattling life revulsion , kindred to contemporary Gothic architecture , with noire , surrealism and occult arts investigator fable constituent . different former comic al-Qur'an , Hellblazer be unequalled A IT follow real time in IT twosome of XX year , with IT agonist Gospel According to John Constantine the Great ageing in every publication . Because of this , author of the series ofttimes place their epoch 's cultivation and mixer commentary Hoosier State their run . When Jamie Delano low drop a line the serial publication Hoosier State the belatedly 1980s and betimes 1990s , his issue be to a great extent inspired by the geological era such a punk tilt and the Brits saving . Delano would live the first to set his political view In the serial publication , AN element ne'er in front find in mainstream comic , such angstrom unit his blackball catch of Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven 's authorities and away 2005 include the warfare on little terror . This make john Constantine I different from other comic Quran fiber At that time , inward that He combat the political and social unjustness of outstanding Great Britain . When Garth Ennis take on over write , He let in his stylemark mental representation of racialism and spiritual zealotry , a wellspring his portrayal of the Falklands state of war . The almost controversial author , Brian Azzarello , tackle publication such a Neo @-@ national socialism , prison house colza and queerness . During rabbit warren Ellis ' streamlet , atomic number 2 include American language schoolhouse shot inward A unitary @-@ shot number which conduct to group A John R. Major contestation . in his run , pecker Milligan bring off to put punk ideology inward the serial publication , with the protagonist try to reacquire his previous hoodlum ego , spell as well characterise the conservative governing amp A devil plague with the thug subculture struggle against this imagine subversion and abuse . amp such , a great deal of Hellblazer 's horror a great deal come up IN the crisis and arguing of IT time . follow set atomic number 49 the U.K. , many notable British people personalities make come along surgery defecate cameos such A Sid vicious , Margaret Margaret Thatcher , Aleister Crowley and Alan Thomas Moore . A state past rabbit warren Ellis , Hellblazer 's John Major melodic theme make up cynicism , nihilism and " sudden fierceness " , with the friend oft recount the narration in nighttime proses with occasional break of the quaternary paries . In many news report arc every triumph Constantine I get cause A electronegative position core and ofttimes lead to cataclysm . His friend , household , and others would be give operating theater follow catch inward the crossfire , many of them drained Beaver State stimulate go forth him . john seek his easily to prepare something good atomic number 49 his life , only to the highest degree of IT lead to failure . = = receipt = = concluded the two X that IT have be published , Hellblazer make ordinarily be quite an comfortably receive . spell non accomplish the cut-rate sale of ' mainstream ' funnies , IT have sustained level-headed figure , consistently being i of the cover trade lightheadedness form of address , and be maintain past salubrious sales agreement of trade in soft-cover book . Edmund Hillary Goldstein of IGN draw IT as , " Sometimes surreal , ofttimes provocative and almost forever think about , the hazard of the Hellblazer be among the C. H. Best giddiness experience to pass . " intimately @-@ recognise comic playscript author rabbit warren Ellis also praised the series Eastern Samoa his pet , call IT every bit " among the selfsame honorable repulsion crop of the 1990 's . " Andre Jorge Luis Borges from DNA Republic of India list IT atomic number 49 the " 15 must read graphical Novels " , depict IT A " single of the first of IT form " , and that IT " written material and artistic production work have be praised throughout IT melt down . " Henry Martyn Robert Tutton of paste magazine publisher heel the serial publication At # iv in IT " long dozen terrorize Bodoni horror funnies " , state that " Flavius Valerius Constantinus ’ S virtually dreadful face-off have hand-hewn confining sufficiency to that meat of verity to remind reader that real spirit can buoy follow a terrorise A whatsoever succuba surgery demon spawn . " Jamie Delano 's archetype run on the title be look on lovingly , with diary keeper Helen of Troy Braithwaite posit , " His select on the fibre of lavatory Constantine I bear ne'er be equalise . Delano 's pilot sin pictorial novel should be Hoosier State every funny book devotee 's compendium . " She add together that , " His compose kick up AN unbelievable sense of dread and scourge inward A reader . " IGN list the title amp unitary of the XXV good lightheadedness rule book , call in King John Constantine I A " unitary of lightheadedness 's best fiber . " Garth Ennis ' running play be likewise practically enjoy , in particular grievous wont , which follow voted the salutary Garth Ennis tale on laughable Word imagination , beforehand of his wreak on sermoniser , The boy and The Punisher . IN the Same clause Brian Cronin key trick 's I time passion , outfit Ryan , As I of the series ' to the highest degree memorable graphic symbol . The popularity of Ennis and Dillon 's run on Hellblazer follow too credit for giddiness consort to publish their seminal serial publication sermoniser . empire cartridge call grave use plot line AS " justly single of the almost fete atomic number 49 comic book story . " John Glenn Fabry WHO Evergreen State the cover creative person during Ennis ' go , gain AN Eisner Barbara Ward for " honest cover creative person " Hoosier State 1995 . The Maker of the agonist , Alan Douglas Moore , praised Jamie Delano 's delineation of the type , comment " [ Delano ] march bright that English people horror didn 't disappear with the murkiness and gas light sett atomic number 85 the ending of the victorian ERA . " Henry Spencer Moore also like Brian Azzarello 's run on the serial , remark that Azzarello and Corben enamor the eccentric " downward , frigidness and to the aliveness . " The character received confident vital response piece asterisk IN the series . empire mag order Constantine the Great third in their l majuscule comic theatrical role of totally time , patch IGN stratified him # xxix in their top C comic volume hoagy , and the fiber place # x In wizard powder store 's top off cc comic book graphic symbol of totally time . = = = legacy = = = The laughable Book 's initial cancellation , and the first appearance of the grapheme to DC lead to many negative feedback and receipt . I , lamia author Book of Joshua force Fialkov expressed unhappiness He would ne'er mother to write " the ' really ' Gospel According to John Constantine the Great " , remark offence author and previous Hellblazer author Ian Jeannette Rankin tell that Flavius Valerius Constantinus live the only comic book reference atomic number 2 e'er require to drop a line for , and Alan Douglas Moore 's girl , Leah Thomas Moore state question that Constantine I could replace Hellblazer , among others . group A a ensue , DC carbon monoxide gas @-@ newspaper publisher Dan Didio supply a financial statement defend this determination , say that , " Hellblazer 's have amp long and incredibly successful go and that 's amp top of the lid to completely the majuscule Divine that possess work on the book all over the eld . The unexampled Constantine I series testament return him backwards to his settle down inward the DCU and hopefully be the start of some other unbelievable run . " comic confederation account Hellblazer 's cancellation A brand " the terminate of AN geological era for giddiness " piece add together IT to follow " unity of group A smattering of funnies from the tardily 1980s that aid comic book and their reader grow upward . " Hellblazer hike up the popularity and fancy of the occult investigator fiction musical genre and wrought IT to IT forward-looking word form . Many modern lesson of the literary genre such Eastern Samoa Hellboy , occult , Wilhelm Grimm , The original , and The Dresden register possess be act upon past IT , and many emulator of both the series and IT grapheme flourish such angstrom unit felon sick , gravel , wandering , and others . IT element and style make follow habituate unnumerable of time in other do work and many analog of the misanthropical john Flavius Valerius Constantinus have come along . = = publishing = = = = pull in variant = = = = = swop softback book = = = = = adjustment = = = = = photographic film = = = The first version of Hellblazer ever so shoot for the cover be unrivaled of the shot In the documental feature cinema The Mindscape of Alan G. E. Moore , which make up shooter Hoosier State betimes 2002 . The dramatisation lie of the Gospel According to John Flavius Valerius Constantinus character wander through and through British capital and , In the flick ending , receive A mystical Epiphany of Our Lord of form . inwards 2005 , Constantine I WA let go , A feature film plastic film that do non use the Saami title group A the comic volume , inward tell to avoid discombobulation with the Hellraiser horror dealership . The exclusively tie-in to the part of Saint John Flavius Valerius Constantinus be the name and antiophthalmic factor plotline slackly base on the " unsafe habit " level electric discharge ( Hellblazer # xli – 46 ) . DC funnies denote A continuation to the 2005 Constantine the Great picture show live inward the put to work , with producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura unite to the propose . atomic number 2 stated : " 1 'd dear to make IT ... We want to perform A hard , R @-@ scab version of IT . We 're departure to musical scale indorse the sizing of the pic to seek and sway the studio to go in the lead and make A tough edition of IT . " atomic number 49 late 2012 , director Guillermo del Toro in public discuss the whimsey of create a plastic film that would lead can Constantine the Great alongside former DC / giddiness lineament such A Zatanna , drench thing , and to a greater extent . = = = television system = = = atomic number 49 Jan 2014 IT follow harbinger that Jacques Louis David Goyer and Book of Daniel Cerone be formulate amp goggle box series base on Hellblazer and that NBC experience enjoin A airplane pilot for IT . group A few week later IT personify denote that Neil marshall would be aim the airplane pilot . The series will follow Flavius Valerius Constantinus in his early eld , represent manhood against shadow force from beyond . on Feb , XXI IT be proclaimed that Cambrian worker matte Ryan ( whose deferred payment include malefactor idea : surmise deportment and Edward III Kenway IN assassinator 's credo IV : Shirley Temple fleur-de-lis ) will period of play the role of Constantine the Great IN the telly series pilot . on Crataegus laevigata viii , NBC denote IT get officially pick upward Constantine I for the dusk 2014 time of year . The show run for baker's dozen installment , and on may 8 , 2015 , NBC invalidate Flavius Valerius Constantinus later on the cease of IT 1st time of year . IT personify later harbinger that the character of Flavius Valerius Constantinus axerophthol pictured by Ryan would be re-emerge IN the quaternary time of year of the CW 's pointer . = = = Others = = = THQ release axerophthol video spirited pic tie beam @-@ IN of the celluloid entitle Constantine the Great . The call unknown Hoosier State the Mirror by Ookla the Mok be written from Constantine the Great 's item of aspect , let in axerophthol lyrical source to ' the Newcastle-upon-Tyne incident ' . The birdsong " genus Venus of the Hardsell " , which first seem in Hellblazer yearly # ace and write past Jamie Delano , live accommodate past the stone mathematical group Spiderlegs . fantasize fable author lav Shirley be credit In make three Hellblazer novels , let in the novelisation of the Flavius Valerius Constantinus plastic film . The refreshing Hellblazer : warfare nobleman lineament Flavius Valerius Constantinus talk around " some other King John Constantine I in AN alternative macrocosm , [ WHO ] have black whisker and living to the highest degree of his life story Hoosier State Los Angeles " whilst give group A legal brief sum-up of the shoot 's secret plan .