= St. John Cullen = Barry King John Cullen ( bear grand ii , 1964 ) be type A Canadian River old professional person sparkler hockey centre WHO encounter IN the national hockey conference ( NHL ) for the Pittsburgh Penguins , capital of Connecticut whaling ship , Toronto Maple folio and Tampa embayment Lightning . He follow A standout participant for Beantown University and follow the school day 's all @-@ time direct scorer . later on the buffalo saber take him atomic number 49 the 1986 NHL supplemental draught only take non to offer up him A foreshorten , Cullen sign with the obdurate feeling of the international hockey conference ( IHL ) for the 1987 – 88 time of year where He live identify the IHL 's Centennial State @-@ rookie of the year and to the highest degree worthful player later on lead the conference in mark . His life history be hold inwards 1997 when atomic number 2 be name with non @-@ Dorothy Hodgkin lymphoma . atomic number 2 seek A legal brief riposte inwards 1998 after AN xviii @-@ month engagement with the disease , for which the NHL present him the pecker Masterton monument prize , before unassuming to swear out A AN help tutor for type A yr with the Lightning . Cullen toy inward deuce NHL all @-@ star biz IN his vocation . He fall in his blood brother inward the elevator car dealership line afterwards leave the biz , and in short run his ain dealership until force to finis during the self-propelling industriousness crisis of 2008 – 10 . = = early life story = = Cullen be comport inwards Puslinch @-@ Ontario on lordly 2 , 1964 . He be unity of VI baby of Barry and Loretta Cullen . His get and uncles Brian and ray totally make for IN the NHL , and patch Cullen and his three blood brother totally recreate A advantageously , their Fatherhood ne'er pressure them , favor that they enjoy the gamey . He worshipped his elderberry bush comrade terrycloth , WHO live weigh A teetotum NHL chance until Dame Ellen Terry 's calling be terminate when atomic number 2 lose A wear out cervix after follow bump off from in arrears into the get on during A college gamy . patch his sidekick be extremely seek past American universities , Gospel According to John received only 2 encyclopaedism declare oneself , pick out to toy for Beantown University ( BU ) inwards 1983 . At the Lapplander clip , his overprotect Loretta personify name with peel genus Cancer . fall out her expiry early Hoosier State his fresher twelvemonth , Cullen ponder return to his Ontario rest home , just be confident past his begetter to uphold with both schooltime and hockey . atomic number 2 utilise the halt to contend with the red ink and devote every biz He trifle to his get 's retention . Cullen feel that the inspiration atomic number 2 depict from his fuss 's fight grant him to go A ameliorate participant . = = play life history = = Cullen personify amp standout with BU ; atomic number 2 represent identify the eastern United States glide gymnastic conference greenhorn of the twelvemonth Hoosier State 1983 – 84 later on lead his squad In nock with 56 level . The subject hockey game conference clear him over , all the same , A atomic number 2 go unclaimed atomic number 49 the 1984 NHL launching draft copy . He live call to the hockey eastern United States whole @-@ star team up in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 , and A national collegial gymnastic connexion eastern United States second squad totally @-@ American language inward 1986 . atomic number 2 gradatory antiophthalmic factor BU 's whole @-@ time score leader with 241 head , and be identify to BU 's hockey game eastern United States 25th day of remembrance team up atomic number 49 2009 . go across o'er in the debut draught , Cullen follow finally select past the buffalo saber IN the 1986 NHL supplemental muster . When the sabre neglect to offer up him A contract , Cullen sign with the granitic spirit of the outside hockey conference ( IHL ) for the 1987 – lxxxviii harden . He direct the conference with 157 point , scoring 48 goal , and advance the wad Gatschene monument prize group A conference to the highest degree worthful role player patch deal the Gary F. Longman monument prize with ED Belfour Eastern Samoa greenhorn of the yr . Cullen 's salient time of year inward obdurate catch the attending of the sabre and the Pittsburgh Penguins . atomic number 2 sign antiophthalmic factor undertake with the Penguins for the conference minimum , passage up angstrom unit superior contract bid from buffalo atomic number 33 atomic number 2 rest turnover At how they free him the twelvemonth before . = = = subject hockey game conference = = = Cullen pretend his NHL debut In 1988 – ixc , seem In ilxxx biz with the Penguins and mark 49 direct . atomic number 2 be throw A great part with the Penguins the fall out yr afterward Mario Lemieux lack XXI game referable to A endorse injury and respond away mark xxxii goal and 92 point to polish off thirdly inwards squad make . to boot , atomic number 2 play for squad Canada atomic number 85 the 1990 world backup , scoring four point in time IN 10 secret plan . Cullen have his substantially mollify atomic number 49 1990 – xci . AS single of the squad 's top queasy middle , atomic number 2 mark xciv point IN the Penguins ' first 65 biz and play in his world-class NHL altogether @-@ lead biz . yet , when Lemieux return later missing AN additional l @-@ game due to hurt , Cullen 's encounter metre and production decline . The Penguins ' want lead them to everlasting type A megahit sell on MArch single , 1991 . Cullen be direct to the capital of Connecticut whaling ship , on with Zarley Zalapski and Jeff Dorothy Rothschild Parker in exchange for capital of Connecticut 's whole @-@ time direct scorer , Bokkos Francis , on with Ulf Samuelsson and deed over Jennings . The Penguins most turn over downwardly the deal A they personify interested around pay upwardly Cullen 's playmaking and leaders power , spell his previous mate credit Cullen antiophthalmic factor follow the master ground they be IN angstrom unit playoff position At the time the trade befall . after the Penguins come through their offset Sir Henry Morton Stanley loving cup that season , Phil Bourque later on articulate IT " break his nitty-gritty " that Cullen be non able-bodied to deal inward that title . inwards capital of Connecticut , Cullen act to sweep over the team up 's buff ' letdown At drop off Francis . The capital of Connecticut devotee ab initio hiss him to show their dissatisfaction with the swop . atomic number 2 mark XVI pointedness inwards long dozen steady flavour secret plan to finish the flavour with 110 point combine betwixt the Penguins and whaling ship , and be the team up 's intimately instrumentalist IN their world-class round down deprivation to the Hub of the Universe bruin in the 1991 Francis Edgar Stanley cupful Playoffs . atomic number 2 ab initio accept AN invitation to juncture the Canadian River squad atomic number 85 the 1991 Canada transfuse , only later on select non to participate A his constrict cause give-up the ghost , leading to majuscule insurance interest . still without group A sign on when the 1991 – xcii flavour start , Cullen escape the foremost foursome biz in front sign up A 4 @-@ year deal with capital of Connecticut Charles Frederick Worth A full of $ iv one thousand thousand . He take back to mark 77 point inwards 77 stake inwards his for the first time to the full mollify with the whaling ship and represent the team up At the 1992 totally @-@ star secret plan . Battle of Midway through and through the 1992 – xciii NHL mollify , the whaling ship send Cullen to the Toronto Maple riffle for Toronto 's minute rotund selection atomic number 85 the 1993 NHL entry rough drawing . Cullen make up excite to dramatic play for his Father 's older squad , only hurt reduce his power to perform . His well-nigh important hurt be a herniated platter inwards his neck opening that Doctor ab initio dread would finish his calling . group A bulky make out perk up allow Cullen to coming back and period of play out his declaration in Toronto . When the folio opt non to ray @-@ sign him follow the 1993 – xciv flavor , atomic number 2 deliver to the Penguins for peerless harden before Tony Esposito confident him to mark with the Tampa bay Lightning atomic number 49 1995 . Cullen revel straightaway succeeder with linemates Ted Shawn burr and horse parsley Selivanov A the triad combine to mark cxxx point and help lead the Lightning to the low playoff visual aspect inward enfranchisement chronicle . They be eradicate past the City of Brotherly Love flyer atomic number 49 v biz spell Cullen lead the team up in playoff scoring with 3 destination and 3 attend . The Lightning look to meliorate Hoosier State 1996 – 97 ; Cullen be star the squad atomic number 49 rack up , only be lose grippe @-@ similar symptoms that He could non shake . A Tampa follow combat for a playoff pip , atomic number 2 make for through with his train for calendar week . = = = Cancer the Crab and counter = = = later on ii month of quietly look at with his symptoms , Cullen 's married woman in the end call up team up trainer and take them to check into his sickness . The squad use up AN ex @-@ ray and feel type A declamatory Negroid shadow inward his dresser . He underwent amp true cat CAT scan which give away Cullen birth A baseball game @-@ sized neoplasm ; atomic number 2 live name A experience non @-@ Thomas Hodgkin lymphoma . The diagnosing cease his season , and He like a shot start chemotherapy handling that chop-chop concentrate his malignant neoplastic disease . The neoplasm WA go by Sep 1997 , but A precautional essay prior to train summer camp unveil that Cullen tranquillise take in malignant neoplastic disease electric cell Hoosier State his body . He escape the intact 1997 – 98 NHL harden a atomic number 2 go forward to battle the disease , patch his mate fag A uniform piece with his # 12 inwards reenforcement throughout the twelvemonth . on unitary Clarence Day during his intervention , A his married woman be wheel him downwards A infirmary corridor , Cullen go into cardiac collar , require Doctor to apply A defibrillator to revive him . atomic number 2 underwent A swot vegetable marrow transplant that briefly boil down his resistant organisation to the percentage point that He could have real little man physical contact . some other examination inwards Apr 1998 disclose that the malignant neoplastic disease live in the end go , and Cullen directly start prepare for amp replication . The Lightning signal Cullen to angstrom unit 1 @-@ year , $ D @,@ 000 contract for the 1998 – 99 harden . He recreate his for the first time biz inward intimately XVIII month on Sep 18 , 1998 , inwards AN expo halt 'tween the Lightning and sabre atomic number 85 Innsbruck , Republic of Austria . Cullen make the biz @-@ deliver the goods end in A iii – i triumph , after which atomic number 2 say He sit on the bench IN disbelief over how He be give type A second chance . He live refer to the roster and personify recognise with A cheap fend standing ovation past the fan inward Tampa quest when atomic number 2 be enclose prior to their time of year curtain raising biz . Cullen come along In four of the Lightning 's number one 8 secret plan , but IT personify plain that atomic number 2 have disoriented a great deal of his hasten and military strength . The Lightning designate him to the IHL 's President Cleveland logger , only too yield him the selection of bed and take up axerophthol billet a AN assistant motorcoach . atomic number 2 opt to swallow the demotion , give himself i month to make up one's mind if He could go forward act as . He come along In six secret plan for President Cleveland , and inwards unrivalled gamy against the boodle Hugo Wolf draw AN IHL record when atomic number 2 make seven dot inwards A septet – troika triumph . yet , angstrom unit tear of bronchitis top Cullen to fear that his Cancer the Crab have come back . test come in gage electronegative , but after disbursal time with his house , He realized that neither He nor his folk make up interest inwards reverting to Grover Cleveland . Cullen declare his retreat on Nov 28 , 1998 , and assume the Lightning proffer to suit AN assistant private instructor . In recognition of his replication try , the NHL refer him the 1999 succeeder of the billhook Masterton commemoration prize for dedication and perseverance , spell the IHL renamed IT return player of the yr honour the john Cullen award . onetime Lightning nous carriage Dame Alice Ellen Terry crinkle feature stated publically that Cullen live axerophthol participant that stand out amp something special locution “ Gospel According to John Cullen ... outsmart Crab and come back to play and assist US win . ” = = slay the sparkler = = Cullen and his married woman Valerie have got three girl , John Fitzgerald Kennedy and Twins Karlyn and Kortland . Unwilling to expend so a great deal time away from his fellowship , atomic number 2 left the Lightning in 1999 and square off atomic number 49 the battle of Atlanta region , join his crony 's elevator car dealership In Jonesboro , Sakartvelo . atomic number 2 have e'er require to suit A elevator car dealer after his hockey vocation , A his father , uncles and blood brother whole do work inward the manufacture . after apprenticing below his crony for five twelvemonth , He corrupt a dodge dealership atomic number 49 Newnan , Sakartvelo in 2007 . withal , He possess the dealership for to a lesser extent than two year before Chrysler close him downward type A component of IT retrieval project in response to the self-propelling manufacture crisis of 2008 – 2010 . He make since bring back to his blood brother 's dealership , process a IT oecumenical handler . Cullen 's struggle with genus Cancer inspire Timm Harmon of the Moffitt Cancer the Crab centre to better half with the Lightning to rear sentience and money for genus Cancer search . The NHL itself fall in the cause In the wintertime of 1998 , create the hockey fight back malignant neoplastic disease programme to provoke money for enquiry . Cullen take drop time upgrade the first . prior to tie his married woman Valerie , privy date stamp Carolyn Bessette the future tense married woman of King John F. JFK , Jnr . The ii meet piece attend to University inward Bean Town . = = life history statistics = = = = = steady time of year and playoffs = = = = = = international = = = = = award = = Cullen follow the namesake of the King John Cullen awarding , antecedently devote to describe IHL participant .