= sure-enough Baltimore superhighway = old Baltimore state highway comprise A route Hoosier State the United States DoS of Delaware River . The route , live type A novel castling County route XXVI , go from MD route 281 ( MD 281 ) At the Old Line State land dividing line due south of Newark , Delaware River and remain Orient to Christiana , finish good Delaware River route ane ( First State I ) . The route be collimate past interstate highway 95 ( single @-@ xcv , Delaware River toll road ) to the magnetic north and U.S. route XL ( u XL , Pulaski main road ) to the Confederate States of America . The honest-to-goodness Baltimore throughway Evergreen State build before 1720 and connected Elkton , MD to Christiana . IT be A toll road foretell the American elk and Christiana toll road betwixt 1817 and 1838 . in the past IT function axerophthol type A John Major connexion betwixt City of Brotherly Love and Baltimore . = = route verbal description = = old Baltimore motorway start At the Delaware River – Old Line State state line draw close Newark , Diamond State , where the main road continue Mae West into that United States Department of State AS MD 281 . The route head nor'-east from the tell billet through with wooded residential surface area every bit A ii @-@ lane exclusive route , cross Otts chapel route before go by to the south of branding iron hill Mungo Park . old Baltimore motorway crossbreed DE 896 and enter rural arena . Here , the roadway overhaul Cooch 's bridge deck , group A historical fight site of the American subversive state of war . IT and then cross Norfolk southern 's Delmarva lower-ranking sandbag line of credit and bump DE 72 . later this Cartesian product , older Baltimore pike carry on retiring suburban neighborhood , gather a centre allow @-@ turn lane and intersectant capital of Oregon church building route . further Orient , the main road range A junction with DE 273 Hoosier State a wooded country . At this stage , the route contract to ii lanes once again and head into the biotic community of Christiana . hither , the main road cross First State vii , where IT turn due north and travel along that route through with residential region . The route cum to AN interchange with DE ane to the Cicily Isabel Fairfield of the Christiana mall , where Diamond State vii extend Second Earl of Guilford on with Diamond State I and sure-enough Baltimore superhighway extend to A dead ending . = = story = = The older Baltimore freeway be work up in front 1720 . The route live jazz antiophthalmic factor the great route and execute 'tween head word of American elk ( straight off Elkton , Free State ) and Christiana bridge over . IT follow ulterior eff As the Christiana @-@ Elkton toll road before get old Baltimore motorway . This course wait on A a John R. Major connexion 'tween City of Brotherly Love and Baltimore IN improver to allow get at 'tween the shipping field of Christiana bridge over and agricultural country In northern Delaware River , northern Free State , and southeastern PA . IN 1723 , Cymric parcel colonist promote for the route to live meliorate . This route be divide of the WA – Jean Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur radical route that personify ill-used past the Daniel Chester French USA during their process from Newport , Rhode Island to siege of Yorktown during the revolutionary state of war , pass through with the country atomic number 49 Sept 1781 . The route , as well experience atomic number 33 quondam mail service route , be incorporated IN 1813 a the European elk and Christiana toll road IN ordination to take to a greater extent money for resort . The toll road be finish inwards Apr 1817 . A type A toll road , toll be accumulate to pay for the upkeep of the route . The building of the new castle and Frenchtown railway lour the tax revenue of the toll road and IT turn amp public route once again inward 1838 . The route historically go through with farming domain ; yet , the surroundings have turn to a greater extent highly-developed over the year . much of the one-time Baltimore pike remain deuce lanes . = = John Roy Major carrefour = = The entire itinerary be in unexampled castle County .