= Leslie Saint Andrew = brigadier general Leslie Wilton carpet St. Andrew VC DSO ( 23 march 1897 – viii Jan 1969 ) be A senior police officer inward the unexampled Sjaelland armed forces force and group A receiver of the Victoria Falls fussy , the in high spirits award of the Brits commonwealth for gallantry " in the face of the foe " . atomic number 2 receive the medal for his accomplish during the battle of Passchendaele in 1917 . innate in 1897 , St. Andrew fall in the new Seeland Expeditionary force Hoosier State 1915 , have gather armed forces receive patch assist with the territorial reserve force . He do on the western front from Sept 1916 to early 1918 , and terminate the warfare As antiophthalmic factor licenced ship's officer in England . He continue inward the war machine later on the surcease of belligerency , and bring together the new Seeland stave army corps . He adjudge stave and administrative spatial relation In new Sjaelland and , piece on AN officer replace programme , British people Bharat . follow the irruption of the second earth warfare , St. Andrew personify charge commander of the 22nd large number , which atomic number 2 head during the fight of Ellas , Kriti and the former portion of the northwards African run . For A poor period of time IN recent 1941 He require AN foot brigade of the 2nd new Sjaelland naval division , and have the differentiate service monastic order for his leading . He return to young Seeland in 1942 and command the capital of New Zealand fort area for the difference of the warfare . atomic number 2 draw back from the military machine in 1952 with the sheer of brigadier general , and become flat IN 1969 elderly 71 . = = betimes life = = Leslie St. Andrew personify endure on 23 march 1897 In Ashhurst in the Manawatu part of New Seeland , the Word of a local anaesthetic schooling schoolmaster . atomic number 2 grow up Hoosier State Wanganui , where his Fatherhood have go his category get submit up A position In the field , and be cultivate At Wanganui collegial shoal . afterwards pull up stakes schooltime atomic number 2 Evergreen State utilize away the New Seeland railroad section atomic number 33 A shop clerk . atomic number 2 participate in the plebe program patch At train , and late fall in the territorial reserve force . away 1915 , He have follow advertize to serjeant and let sit around the essential exam to turn angstrom unit licensed officer inwards the territorial reserve . = = armed services life history = = = = = first public warfare = = = Saint Andrew the Apostle offer for the unexampled Seeland Expeditionary pressure ( NZEF ) inwards Oct 1915 . Because exclusively piece betwixt the age of XIX and 45 personify require to registry for service with the NZEF , He alter his years to assure that atomic number 2 would be eligible for responsibility overseas . A fellow member of the 12th reinforcement , atomic number 2 embark for the western sandwich front via Egypt on unity Crataegus oxycantha 1916 . in French Republic , He be post to B companionship , Wellington foot plurality with the outrank of buck private . Saint Andrew 's reaching At the breast coincide with the start of the Somme River offensive . He participate Hoosier State the fight of Flers @-@ Courcelette , which start on XV Sept , and live maimed . encourage to somatic Hoosier State Jan 1917 , He engage part inward the conflict of Messines the follow June . During the ahead of time form of the combat of Passchendaele , Saint Andrew 's plurality Evergreen State set-aside In combat around the hamlet of LA Basseville , axerophthol few km southwestern United States of Messines . originally catch by the freshly Zealanders prior to the combat on 26 July , the settlement have be ray @-@ take by the German language the next Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . under cover of AN artillery unit outpouring , the capital of New Zealand commence AN in advance towards the hamlet . Saint Andrew the Apostle be task with leading two segment to destroy A automobile @-@ hired gun brand . During the advance , He point out some other political machine @-@ gun post that be hold upward the encourage of some other platoon . on his ain initiative , He right away diverted his strength and remove the freshly espy threat with A flanking attempt . He and then keep with his military personnel to his master copy nonsubjective . brave uninterrupted gunshot , atomic number 2 and his gentleman catch the political machine @-@ gun post . spell to the highest degree of his manpower move back with the gun , atomic number 2 and some other piece bear on to sentinel further forward . come up crosswise some other simple machine @-@ gun carry , the ii humans destruct IT before reverting to their rail line with useful entropy on the increasing numerate of German language In the surface area . IT be for his leaders and bravery during these natural action that Saint Andrew live present the Victoria Falls span ( VC ) atomic number 85 the age of 20 . The quote read every bit follow : For nigh blazing bravery when atomic number 49 charge of a small company in AN assail on the enemy 's position . His object glass be A simple machine @-@ gun post which have live place In AN isolated building . on lead his man forward He encounter unexpectedly A automobile @-@ gas place which be hold upward the procession of some other fellowship ; atomic number 2 instantly attack , captivate the political machine accelerator pedal and bolt down various of the work party . He and so continue the attempt on the simple machine accelerator pedal brand which have be his master copy accusative . He display slap-up acquirement and finding atomic number 49 his disposition , at long last catch the station , obliterate several of the enemy and putting the oddment to flight . Cpl. Saint Andrew 's carry end-to-end live unexampled for nerveless daring , go-ahead , and okay leading , and his splendid representative be group A majuscule excitant to his associate . St. Andrew be promote to sergeant the daytime afterwards his VC @-@ winning action . He continue to serve well on the front line until other 1918 , when atomic number 2 personify post to England for police officer train . He personify licensed angstrom unit antiophthalmic factor mo lieutenant In marching 1918 , only stay on in England until the ending of the warfare . = = = Interwar stop = = = spell inwards England , St. Andrew adjoin Bessie formal , of Nottingham , and they be married on 12 Nov 1918 . The duet make 5 baby although unity pass away inward babyhood . Upon release from the NZEF in grand 1919 , atomic number 2 link the unexampled Seeland stave army corps and do atomic number 49 A telephone number of administrative spatial relation for the next various age . From 1927 to 1929 atomic number 2 assist with the highland luminousness foot In Brits Republic of India on AN officer change computer programme . on his deliver to new Sjaelland He comprise charge aide-de-camp of the 1st Iron Duke Regiment . IN 1937 , get be further to maitre d' , atomic number 2 overlook the new Sjaelland detail ship to capital of the United Kingdom for the investiture of Martin Luther King Jr. George V half dozen and queen Elizabeth II . = = = arcsecond existence state of war = = = chase the eruption of the 2d domain warfare , St. Andrew comprise back to the 2d new Seeland Expeditionary force . Hoosier State early 1940 , atomic number 2 WA appointed commander of 22nd large number , and so make At Trentham armed forces campy near jackboot . He train his fresh require severely , and quickly clear the nickname of Feb imputable to his use of issue xxviii @-@ mean solar day hold for whatever breach Hoosier State correction . The plurality ship for England inward English hawthorn 1940 angstrom unit theatrical role of 5th foot Brigade , 2nd novel Seeland segmentation . come IN June , IT washed-out the residue of the year on William Lloyd Garrison obligation inward the to the south of England . In MArch 1941 IT locomote for United Arab Republic and and then onto Hellenic Republic . St. Andrew top the multitude through and through the subsequent battle of Ellas , during which IT see slight activity , and the engagement of Kriti . in Kriti , the pack be task with the defence of Maleme landing field and the dominating hill , taper 107 . St. Andrew follow prescribe to maintain verify of his place " At all cost " . force to dust the company of his multitude widely to cover his position , He lose contact lens with nearly of his building block later on High German para start out landing place inwards the region on 20 Crataegus oxycantha . bomb to have whatever bread and butter from his brigade commander travel along A postulation for help , and dread to the highest degree of his overlook overrun later angstrom unit neglect countermove away his little stockpile , atomic number 2 sequestrate his unexpended social unit . A IT materialise , virtually of his forward company stay intact and be after capable to take back themselves after find they have live abandon . St. Andrew represent criticise for his withdrawal , which lead to the red of Maleme landing field . This personify a substantial factor out in allow the German language force to turn ground on Kriti . He and the hold up element of his plurality be tardy void from Kriti . scorn the blow of Kriti , St. Andrew remain as commander of 22nd multitude during the other form of the magnetic north African push . At unitary arrange He be temporary commandant of 5th foot Brigade when IT nominal commander , brigadier general James IV Hargest , be capture in later Nov 1941 . St. Andrew be grant with the mark armed service Order for his leading of the brigade , which have to deal with take over set on away German language force atomic number 49 too soon Dec . He renounce command of 22nd multitude on threesome Feb 1942 , and turn back to fresh Sjaelland . atomic number 2 be further to good colonel and require the Duke of Wellington fort country for the take a breather of the warfare . = = tardy life = = Saint Andrew overlook the new Sjaelland dependant on for the 1946 triumph march Hoosier State John Griffith Chaney , and the follow year go to the imperial beard defence College . atomic number 2 be encourage to brigadier general in 1948 and appointed commander of the exchange war machine dominion . He rest inwards this capacity until his retreat from the armed forces atomic number 49 1952 . Saint Andrew the Apostle be after call for to unravel for parliament simply decline . He snuff it on ogdoad Jan 1969 , elderly lxxi . He personify bury with full war machine honour in A ceremonial At Levin RSA burial site , in Levin . = = capital of Seychelles transverse = = Saint Andrew 's VC be display At the QEII ground forces monument Museum , Waiouru , new Seeland . on II Dec 2007 IT be unmatchable of ix capital of Seychelles cross that be among group A 100 palm slip from the museum . on XVI Feb 2008 , young Seeland police declare totally the medallion get be retrieve a antiophthalmic factor effect of A NZ $ 300 @,@ 000 repay provide past Michael Ashcroft and Uncle Tom Sturgess .