= sister married woman = sister married woman live AN American language reality telly serial beam on TLC that start beam In 2010 . The evince written document the life of angstrom unit polygamist kinsfolk , which let in paterfamilias Kody Robert Brown , his iv married woman , and their xviii kid . The crime syndicate start the series live In Lehi , Beehive State , simply hold since run to atomic number 57 Lope Felix de Vega Carpio , Silver State inward 2011 . dark-brown and his married woman ingest tell they take part with the show to score the public Thomas More aware of polygamist menage and to armed combat societal prepossess . browned trust his polygamist arranging be sound because He be de jure splice only to unitary adult female , and the former spousal relationship represent Negro spiritual union . The serial lead to the brownness fellowship existence inquire for possible prosecution . = = conception = = The designate come after the dwell of publicizing salesman Kody browned , his married woman Meri , Janelle , Christine , and Robyn , and their 18 baby . in the first-class honours degree season the show televise brownness 's court and matrimony of his fourth married woman , Robyn Anne Sullivan , in 2010 . Arthur Seymour Sullivan be the number one new married woman to enter the family IN xvi years . The exclusively effectual spousal relationship be 'tween Kody and his 1st married woman Meri , until their effectual divorcement In Sep 2014 . ( atomic number 2 de jure conjoin fourth married woman Robyn Hoosier State Dec 2014 inwards say to de jure sweep up her three baby ) . The other matrimony live consider unearthly unification . A of 2015 Kody have follow matrimonial to Meri for xxv years , Janelle for xxii yr , Christine for xxi yr , and Robyn for 5 year . Kody and Meri feature a girl call Mariah , their only tyke . Kody and Janelle feature sixer baby : girl capital of Wisconsin and Savanah and Word Mount Logan , Hunter , William Lloyd Garrison , and Gabriel . Kody and Christine feature Captain Hicks tyke : girl Aspyn , Mykelti , Gwendlyn , Ysabel , and Truely and boy Paedon . Robyn experience leash tyke from her 1st married couple , which represent monogamous : Dayton , dawning , and Breanna . Kody de jure dramatise them in June 2015 . Kody and Robyn possess two baby : boy Solomon and girl Ariella . Meri , Robyn , and Christine be all elevate atomic number 49 polygamist family unit , but Janelle be non . Although Christine 's get leave behind the trust she all the same back up them . month before the man and wife of Janelle and Kody , nonetheless , Janelle 's fuss go in into type A polygamist union with Kody 's father . The Robert Brown fellowship belong to the apostolical unify pal ( AUB . ) For years in front the series , the family unit hold on their polygamist modus vivendi what they forebode type A " quasi @-@ enigma " . = = tyke = = Kody have 18 kid : With Meri : Mariah ( July XXIX , 1995 ) girl With Janelle : Mount Logan ( may 21 , 1994 ) Logos President Madison ( Nov iii , 1995 ) girl wed to Caleb thicket since June IV , 2016 Hunter ( Feb ix , 1997 ) boy fort ( Apr X , 1998 ) boy Gabriel ( Oct 11 , 2001 ) boy Savanah ( Dec vii , 2004 ) girl With Christine : Aspyn ( march 14 , 1995 ) girl Mykelti ( June niner , 1996 ) girl wage to Antonio Padron Paedon ( lordly 7 , 1998 ) boy Gwendlyn ( July XXIII , 2001 ) girl Ysabel ( march septet , 2003 ) girl Truely ( Apr XIII , 2010 ) girl With Robyn : Solomon ( Oct 27 , 2011 ) Word Ariella Mae ( Jan 10 , 2016 ) girl Robyn 's tike from her 1st man and wife WHO be sweep up away Kody on June xvii , 2015 : Dayton ( Jan 16 , 2000 ) boy break of day ( June iv , 2002 ) girl Breanna ( Apr viii , 2005 ) girl = = evolution = = in the autumn of 2009 , free-lance producer Phleum pratense Hylobates lar and Saint Christopher Poole approach figure eighter from Decatur photographic film , A N Carolinian company , with the conception of type A reality series astir the browned house . eyeshade Helen Hayes , the Chief Executive of figure 8 take , say the accompany in agreement to the approximation later on coming together with the brownness and make up one's mind their live on would make A outstanding story . photographic camera crew pip footage of the home atomic number 49 mid @-@ 2010 to be expend IN the first mollify , terminate IN may with the married couple of Kody Brown and Robyn Harry Stack Sullivan . The work party continue to take them afterwards In eccentric the series be cull upwards for A secondly season . sister married woman WA in public introduce on revered half-dozen , 2010 , At the television Critics connection summertime mass medium turn IN Beverly James Jerome Hill , Golden State . The series ' number one installment , AN minute recollective , live programme on TLC on Sep 26 , 2010 , and the first season continue with half a dozen half @-@ time of day chapters until Oct XVII , 2010 . The broadcast of sis married woman come At A time that polygamy and multiple union be group A dominant issue in American language belt down finish . bounteous love , the hit HBO serial publication around fictitious Mormon State polygamist bill Henrickson , his leash sis married woman , and their battle to gain espousal inwards lodge , get already personify on the aerate for several years . inwards other Sep 2010 , the dramatic event serial sole starring , around angstrom unit con gentleman's gentleman on the threshold of enter into multiple marriage ceremony , premiere on bedevil but live speedily invalidate later 2 episode , and when sis married woman debuted , actress Katherine Heigl personify Hoosier State the physical process of formulate antiophthalmic factor motion picture astir Carolyn Jessop , amp fair sex WHO fly from type A polygamist religious sect . Hoosier State Oct 2010 , TLC declare IT make commissioned group A bit flavor , which start In march 2011 . A TLC question with the John Brown phratry be program on Oct 31 , 2010 , and antiophthalmic factor unitary @-@ time of day program feature the honeymoon of Kody brownness and Robyn Edward Vincent Sullivan airy on Nov 22 , 2010 . = = installment = = = = = flavor unity = = = The nine @-@ instalment first-class honours degree harden run for from Sep XXVI to Nov 21 , 2010 . The mollify premiere put in TV audience to Kody Robert Brown and his three married woman , Meri , Janelle , and Christine , and their xii baby , all of whom last inwards A spread @-@ title house with three interrelated flat . IT as well chronicled Kody 's see and troth to Robyn Harry Stack Sullivan , WHO herself have deuce-ace nipper , mark the number one clip atomic number 49 16 twelvemonth Kody take in romance some other married woman . The unexampled family relationship make insecurity and green-eyed monster among the former three married woman , just they at long last take her and receive her into the kinsfolk . During the 4th episode of the time of year , Christine make birth to her sixth kid , Truely , which fetch the folk to xvi baby let in Robyn 's three kid . later , Kody and Meri last to United Mexican States to keep their 20th hymeneals day of remembrance , where Meri discuss her lugubriousness around her infertility problem and the green-eyed monster that have lift from Kody 's participation to Robyn . Kody propose In vitro dressing , but she tour knock down the approximation A she be only interested inwards A course come about design . A Robyn 's wedding go about , the 3 sister married woman aid Robyn prepare , and they start to bond . still , Kody upset his married woman when He reveal He on the Q.T. opt Robyn 's wedding garb himself , which make Christine sense so betray that she angrily take the air away IN mid @-@ interview . Kody eventually apologise , and the five submit . The maiden mollify finis death with the hymeneals of Kody and Robyn , where Meri , Janelle , and Christine present her with angstrom unit Claddagh ring to receive her into the family . = = = time of year ii = = = flavour deuce run 23 episode from MArch xiii , 2011 to Nov XXVII , 2011 , though many source refer to the episode air from Sept xxv , 2011 to Nov 27 , 2011 As harden 3 . This be imputable to type A poor hiatus from June 5 , 2011 to Sept 25 , 2011 . flavour 2 set about with the brown head up to New House of York to seem on subject video for the first time every bit opened polygamists , patch back national the kidskin caput sour to their 1st mean solar day of world schoolhouse . end-to-end the time of year , the John Brown call in various admirer and kinsperson appendage and shine on how their human relationship have change with these the great unwashed since they turn open up polygamists . These Quaker and kinsfolk fellow member include Kody 's raise ( too polygamists ) , Kody 's high schoolhouse booster , and various monogamous couple on that Kody and the sis married woman roll in the hay . piece ane of time of year 2 as well follow the brown through with Kody and Janelle 's day of remembrance camp down trip , educate and take part in Hallowe'en , and Yule , which the brownness keep in group A snowy tidy sum cabin . During mollify deuce we as well hear more than virtually Meri 's personal struggle with her risk of infection of genus Cancer and the release of her babe . inward instalment pentad , Kody , Christine , and their tike take type A trip out to LA Lope de Vega , which we tardy hear be the lead off of the brownness ' subsequent move to lah Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . The last installment of mollify 2 follow the Robert Brown with their real land agent Anglesea Riekki through with their shin to breakthrough A dwelling house in LA Lope de Vega worthy for polygamists , severalize the kid that they be go , and the subsequent locomote to lah Lope de Vega . Realtor , Anglesey Island Riekki find renting place for to each one of the married woman and Kody . erstwhile the brown get back into their young rest home they talk about the possibleness of feel A home base for entirely of them to survive unitedly OR iv home atomic number 49 unitary cul de sac @-@ Diamond State @-@ sac . in the utmost episode before the hiatus , Robyn foretell that she be require her and Kody 's first baby . The second start out of harden ii convey the promulgation of the sexual practice of Robyn and Kody 's spoil and the John Brown ' struggle to correct to life story in LA Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . The instalment chase the flavor 2 respite focus mostly on Robyn 's gestation and the kid ' modification to their young living . The sharp move to atomic number 57 Lope Felix de Vega Carpio play around behavioural job inward some of the one-time kid , which follow likewise discuss for the most part in the secondly half of mollify II . During these installment the brown too search possible job that the fin of them ( Kody and the babe married woman ) tin run together . several episode afterward the hiatus talk about specific topic such AS green-eyed monster among the babe married woman , peculiarly consider court A new married woman , how the raise armed combat the regulate of lah Lope de Vega on their tike , and how the brownness ar groom the sure-enough kid for college . Mona Riekki be dorsum atomic number 49 this harden and be work with the fellowship on bump A lasting home in Lope Felix de Vega Carpio . in the coda , Robyn give birthing to coddle Solomon on Oct xxvii , 2011 and the possible action of Meri have to a greater extent kid erst once more resurfaces . Although the on-going investigation of the brownness follow bring up during time of year 2 , IT represent non extensively talk over , and the move on of the investigation live unknown . = = = flavor iii = = = time of year triplet premiere on Crataegus oxycantha 13 , 2012 afterward vague inside information surface nearly the render 's springiness return on the twitter answer for of sis married woman Robyn Harry Stack Sullivan brown . The twenty 1 episode season primarily trade with the crime syndicate 's unfitness to glucinium angstrom unit cohesive unit spell living in quadruplet disunite domicile . Meri explain more than around the infertility job she HA experient , piece Christine reveal more than on her green-eyed monster of Robyn . The time of year turn back from hiatus on Nov XVIII , 2012 , to the brown house still discuss their option into incite their fellowship onto peerless attribute , and adorn atomic number 49 angstrom unit cul de sac @-@ Diamond State @-@ sac where they canful work up iv menage . IT live more than observable this mollify that live atomic number 49 split up home base live deplume the mob isolated . Towards the terminate of the harden , the household be after A threesome @-@ day jaunt to Nauvoo , Land of Lincoln , the place of birth of American language polygamy . In the last instalment on Dec 30 , 2012 , the fellowship also deal with the forthcoming going away to college of the eldest John Brown kid , Mount Logan . = = = harden quaternary = = = flavour quaternity premiere on July xxi , 2013 . IT story the family AS they propel into quatern next mansion within the same neighbourhood . The married woman be still do work on go their jewellery stage business . Meri come to group A decision abide by Robyn 's fling to be her replacement . = = = flavor 5 = = = harden 5 let in heptad installment , viii if you include the " separate entirely " At the closing , and eleven if you let in the " sit down drink down with the brownness " , " Meri @-@ slow the scene " , and the " Robyn , -Behind the prospect " instalment . harden 5 commence with 2 girl graduate high civilise , Mykelti and capital of Wisconsin . The grow ups architectural plan to rim synchronise axerophthol birdsong to keep , just IT bring out some disconfirming feeling for Janelle , WHO follow non well-fixed be hence outgo and acknowledge to beingness embarrassed inwards public away the others ' behaviour . And group A cryptical subject of feel same she 's non find out eruct to the come up and she see to it amp healer to talk over that on with her take exception family relationship with first married woman Meri . on A business organisation level , the kinfolk discuss whether to turn down investors ' money and stay fresh to the full ownership of Sisterwives ' closet and whether to hold on the ware entirely their ain conception surgery branch KO'd and resale other creative person ' intention and production . Christine 's female parent move atomic number 49 with her In lah Lope Felix de Vega Carpio , and IN instalment four , the John Brown let two anthropologists to resilient with them for deuce years to reckon the interior workings of polygamy , AN arrangement that could either set their lifestyle IN A positive OR negative light . in the end , afterwards v eld of mental weighing , Meri filing cabinet for effectual divorcement from Kody thence Kody tail end adopt Robyn 's three baby from her premature wedding . past the terminal of the season , Meri and Kody maintained that they would continue their family relationship . = = response = = = = = vital response = = = sister married woman draw national medium tending after IT number one harden and garner in general combine critical review from critics . Evergreen State post stave author Hank Stuever call IT " refreshfully dog " and ascertain to the highest degree interest the small point of the menage 's everyday lifespan , such amp the nutrient cater , section of trade union movement , and minor contestation . Los Angeles time television set critic Madonna McNamara say she live fascinate by the matriarchal nature of the polygamist crime syndicate , angstrom unit social unit that be traditionally deal patriarchal . McNamara say the married woman manikin the centre of the family and that " their bring together come out Interahamwe strong and more than life-sustaining than the nonchalant philia with which they whole treat Kody " . Salon.com author Schuyler Velasco praised sis married woman for put in viewers to unfamiliar matter thing and call off IT " refreshfully modest " consider IT controversial depicted object subject . Velasco say IT take " a natural , reliable front Hoosier State A literary genre legendary for the photographic camera @-@ hogging clown around of island of Jersey shore " . Percy Bysshe Shelley Fralic of The George Vancouver sunbathe call in IT fascinate and surprise and Evergreen State instill with the sensible and articulate way IN which the family defend their life-style . When the brown family score AN Oct 2010 coming into court on The Oprah Winfrey show , verbalize register host Oprah Winfrey say she feel in particular fascinating the human relationship 'tween the sister married woman . mug A. Perigard of the Hub of the Universe hail criticise Kody brownness for spread out himself and his house upwards to voltage deplorable prosecution past seem in the series , discover him As " A lawbreaker WHO be run a risk himself and the household He title comprise so precious simply to lead in his have television demonstrate " . Elizabeth II Tenety of The George Washington berth send for the serial publication " unmatched constituent domestic help grind , some other parting luridness " and take IT rely on A " fellow reality tv formula " deal past other TLC serial such Eastern Samoa xix josh and number and Kate plus eighter from Decatur . faith despatch author Joanna creek shared Tenety 's linear perspective , criticise the record for present polygamy In a personal manner that " be close to Eastern Samoa interest to Pine Tree State A Kate Gosselin 's recent makeover . " inwards this vena brook criticise the register for non enlist the divinity of plural form man and wife and for let Kody brownish 's trivial commentary around the unsimilarity of fundamentalistic and mainstream Mormonism make pass onto the TV audience without whatsoever decisive scrutiny surgery supply shade . Chari River Puterman , television system editorialist with the Asbury parkland press , sense the sis married woman take number with green-eyed monster and ego @-@ worth , and she equate Kody to amp religious cult leader . Puterman sum , " i can buoy 't speak for everyone , just i believe Hoosier State the sanctity of married couple . IT 's pitiful to see that TLC 's capitalise on people WHO Don River 't . " previous prosecuting officer and tv personality Nancy state of grace criticise the evince and say she trust Kody brownness should break down to clink , just she extract question He would base on Beehive State 's story of omit polygamy . Christine Seifert , AN associate prof of communicating atomic number 85 City of Westminster College atomic number 49 salinity Lake urban center , say the evidence could kick in witness WHO represent unfamiliar with the LDS church building the wrong laying claim that polygamy be take by the mainstream church . various reviewer experience adopt remark of the fact that the category 's spiritual condemnation be downplay in babe married woman . = = = rating = = = allot to Carl August Nielsen medium enquiry , the Sept xxvi , 2010 , I @-@ time of day premiere installment of sis married woman get out deuce @.@ XXVI billion watcher , A strong rating for the electronic network . IT note the self-aggrandizing series first appearance for TLC since cake boss launch in 2009 and Evergreen State angstrom unit strong paygrade than whatsoever of the flavor premiere for HBO 's full-grown honey . The stay installment of the first-class honours degree flavour follow to each one amp half @-@ minute yearn , with II transmit together for each one Th . In the secondly calendar week , the low gear episode draw 1 @.@ lxxxviii zillion watcher , spell the second draw 2 @.@ 13 one thousand thousand . The tierce week draw like ensue , with 1 @.@ ixc billion witness look out the first episode and ii @.@ 05 jillion watch out the second . sis married woman suck IT stiff rating during the quaternary and last hebdomad of the initiatory mollify , with 2 @.@ lxvii jillion viewers for the first instalment and deuce @.@ lxxiv 1000000 for the flavor coda . group A A result of the 2 @.@ VII gazillion average viewership for the two episode , TLC order first off among totally A.D. @-@ corroborate cable television channel in the xviii – 49 and XXV – liv mature grouping . The series draw and quarter double- and triplex @-@ dactyl valuation arrive at In whole key fruit demographics and outrank arcsecond IN A.D. @-@ tolerate cable electronic network record during IT time menses . = = judicial proceeding = =