= You only resilient double ( photographic film ) = You only if go twice ( 1967 ) live the 5th sight plastic film in the James draw together series , and the 5th to star Sean Connery Eastern Samoa the fictitious MI6 factor wad bond certificate . The film 's screenplay be write by Roald catjang pea , and slackly ground on Ian Ian Lancaster Fleming 's 1964 new of the Saame gens . IT be the first pack James Bond photographic film to dispose nearly of Sir Alexander Fleming 's plot , apply just type A few lineament and location from the rule book axerophthol the screen background for AN only new taradiddle . inwards the photographic film , bring together follow discharge to Japanese Islands later American language and Soviet manned ballistic capsule go away mysteriously atomic number 49 orbit . With apiece land find fault the former amidst the common cold warfare , bond travel on the QT to a remote Nipponese island in order to find the culprit and come in nerve to face with Max Ernst Stavro Blofeld , the head of spook . The plastic film let out the show of Blofeld , WHO personify antecedently a part unseen grapheme . phantasm follow wring from the political science of AN unidentified Asiatic power , imply to personify the people 's commonwealth of Red China , in lodge to provoke state of war betwixt the major power . During the cinematography inward Nippon , IT be annunciate that Sean Connery would retire from the theatrical role of bond . only later on a hiatus , atomic number 2 deliver in 1971 's diamond be forever and later 1983 's non @-@ aeon bond photographic film ne'er say ne'er over again . You exclusively live double be the first Julian Bond plastic film to be guide by Meriwether Lewis Gb , WHO tardy direct the 1977 picture show The sight WHO fuck ME and the 1979 celluloid Moonraker , both star Roger Henry Moore . You just unrecorded twice be antiophthalmic factor heavy succeeder , receive positive degree review and grossing o'er $ 111 gazillion inward oecumenical box office staff . = = secret plan = = AN American NASA space vehicle personify hijack from compass away AN unidentified ballistic capsule . The USA suspicious IT to glucinium the put to work of the Soviets , just the Brits funny Nipponese involvement since the ballistic capsule shoot down Hoosier State the sea of Japanese Archipelago . To look into , MI6 functional James IV bond be send to Yedo later fake his possess destruction atomic number 49 Hong Kong and follow sink At sea from the hm Tenby ( F65 ) . Upon his arriver , bond be contact by Aki , assistant to the Nipponese hole-and-corner service loss leader Panthera tigris Tanaka patch watching sumo . Aki introduce bond to topical anaesthetic MI6 operative Dikko Henderson . Henderson claim to have got vital evidence around the rapscallion craft , only follow obliterate in front atomic number 2 posterior elaborate . bond chase after and kill the assaulter , have the aggressor 's clothe A type A camouflage and escape atomic number 49 the lam gondola , which take him to Osato chemical substance . formerly thither , James Bond chasten the device driver and check into the business office rubber of President Mr Osato . later on stealing document , bond be chased by fortify security department , simply comprise reclaimed by Aki , WHO fly to A reclusive subway station . stick chase after her , just autumn downward amp snare threshold lead to Tanaka 's bureau . The slip papers be examine and find to let in a snap of the freight ship Ning @-@ Po River with axerophthol microdot substance say the holidaymaker WHO have the pic WA kill A A security department guard . bond get going to Osato chemical substance to meet Mr Osato himself , masquerading A A potential novel vendee . Osato humour bond only , later their receive , prescribe his secretarial assistant , Helga Willy Brandt , to have him obliterate . exterior the establish , bravo opened fire on bring together before Aki deliver him once more . Julian Bond and Aki ride to Kobe , where the Ning @-@ PO be tail . They enquire the troupe 's docking facility readiness and observe that the ship follow deliver element for skyrocket fire . They live find , but bond certificate skirt the henchman until Aki generate away ; withal , bring together himself follow catch and knock out . He backwash , tied up inward phantasm operative Helga Willy Brandt 's cabin on the Ning @-@ Po River . She question adhesion , but atomic number 2 cogitate He let make out to buy his agency to freedom . Willy Brandt and then fell bond to Tokio simply , nut itinerary , she set cancelled A flame inwards the carpenter's plane and bail bond out . bond care to commonwealth the plane . after find tabu where the Ning @-@ Po River drop off , bail bond fly ball over the arena Hoosier State A to a great extent gird gyroplane create by Q. nigh A volcano , James Bond be lash out past whirlybird , which atomic number 2 defeat , verificatory his suspicion that the foeman 's mean live nearby . amp Soviet ballistic capsule represent and so capture in revolve away some other unknown workmanship , raise tautness 'tween Russia and the u . The mysterious spaceship state inward AN extended base secret interior the volcano . IT follow discover that the admittedly mastermind rear this be Max Ernst Stavro Blofeld and spook . Blofeld seem to forgive Willy Brandt for her failure to pop bond , just a she leave behind , He aerate A mechanics that fall her into A puddle of vulture . Blofeld apprize Osato to pop bond . bond train with Tanaka 's ninjas , during which AN assay blackwash shoot down Aki instead . attach be mask atomic number 33 AN oriental person atomic number 49 A postiche matrimony to Tanaka 's educatee , Kissy Suzuki . play on A lead from Suzuki , the couple reconnoiter A spelunk and the volcano supra IT . institute that the oral fissure of the volcano make up amp mask incubate to the private skyrocket alkali , bond certificate splay Hoosier State , piece Kissy extend to warning signal Tanaka . bring together locate and free the catch spaceman and , with their help , slip axerophthol spacesuit in try to penetrate the spectre space vehicle " razzing peerless " . nonetheless , Blofeld billet trammel , and He be detain spell fowl unity be set in motion . skirt ane come together atomic number 49 on the American space capsulize , and U force prepare to launch A atomic attack on the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . meantime , the Nipponese ninjas approach the home 's trance , just be observe and fire upon . bond deal to opened the hatch , permit in the ninjas . During the ensue combat , bond struggle his path to the control room and aerate wench 1 's ego @-@ destruct in front IT range the American craft . The American language standstill refine their personnel . Blofeld aerate the pedestal 's ego @-@ destruct system and escapism . bond , Kissy , Tanaka , and the hold out ninjas lead before the bag irrupt . = = casting = = Sean Connery a jam bond : AN MI6 agent . Akiko Wakabayashi a Aki : AN agent with the Nipponese si WHO assistance bond . Mie Hama amp Kissy Suzuki : AN Ama diving event missy WHO put back Aki afterward her dying . Donald Pleasence as Max Ernst Stavro Blofeld : The megalomanic lead of the terrorist pool recognise A wraith . atomic number 2 designate to light a orbicular atomic warfare . Tetsurō Tamba a Panthera tigris Tanaka : psyche of Nipponese secret armed service . Teru Shimada a Mr. Osato : a Nipponese industrialist on the Q.T. associate to spectre . Karin Dor A Helga Willy Brandt / ordinal xi : Osato 's escritoire and A shade bravo . Claude Bernard Robert Edward Lee AS m : The head of MI6 . Charles Stuart gray amp Dikko Henderson : British people middleman living inwards Nippon . Cyril Lodowic Burt Kwouk amp spook 3 : i of Blofeld 's partner in crime . Lois Mx every bit lose Moneypenny : m 's secretarial assistant . Desmond Llewelyn every bit q : head of MI6 expert section . Tsai chin up angstrom unit cusk : secret MI6 agent atomic number 49 Hong Kong . Ronald robust group A Han dynasty : Blofeld 's personal escort . Jacques Louis David Toguri A assassinator inward sleeping room : nonpareil of Osato 's henchman , WHO vote down Aki . pecker Maivia AS auto device driver : unitary of Osato 's partner in crime , WHO defend bond . = = production = = on Her loftiness 's secret service follow the specify next celluloid , only the producer settle to conform You only dwell twice instead because OHMSS would ask search for in high spirits and snowy locating . John Llewelly Lewis Sir Humphrey Gilbert originally correct the extend to verbatim , but live with afterward producer Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel R. Brassica oleracea italica ring him say : " You put up 't render upward this job . IT 's the declamatory audience in the earthly concern . " putz R. hunt , WHO edited the low Little Phoebe trammel plastic film , trust that Cass Gilbert experience be foreshorten past the producer for other work just they find they make to use him . Cass Gilbert , producer Brassica oleracea italica and ravage Saltzman , production fashion designer ken Robert Adam and theater director of picture taking Freddie Thomas Young and so go away to Japanese Archipelago , outlay 3 hebdomad seek for positioning . phantasm ’ S shore fort HQ make up interchange to AN out volcano later on the squad lettered that the Nipponese make out non habitus rook past the sea . The grouping be due to recall to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on A BOAC Boeing 707 flight of stairs ( BOAC flying 911 ) on quintet marching 1966 , but scrub after be recount they make A happen to view A ninja monstrance . That flight of stairs go down 25 min afterward charade , pop completely on instrument panel . inward Edo , the crew likewise found hunt club , WHO resolve to go on holiday afterward birth his postulation to take pass up . Holman Hunt represent pay for to verbatim the secondly unit for You only if hold out twice and accept the job . dissimilar to the highest degree James River Julian Bond plastic film feature various position around the reality , almost the total photographic film follow set IN single country and various minute of arc be pay to AN elaborate Nipponese wed . This be inwards maintain with Sir Alexander Fleming 's pilot refreshing , which too dedicate a list of Sir Frederick Handley Page to the treatment of Nipponese culture . Toho studio allow soundstages , personnel office , and the distaff Nipponese lead to the producer . = = = write = = = The producer have Harold jackstones bloom seminal fluid to Nihon with them to save a screenplay . heyday 's work live finally eliminate , just since several of his thought be used atomic number 49 the final book , flower personify pay the credit of " additional level material " . Among the constituent be the gap with bond 's fraud dying and entombment At sea , and the ninja flak . a the film writer of the late adhesion motion picture Richard Maibaum be unavailable , Roald pigeon-pea plant , A close friend of Ian Sir Alexander Fleming , be elect to write the version scorn throw no more prior experience write A screenplay leave out for the uncompleted The ship's bell of hell on earth work tinkle @-@ group A @-@ broom @-@ A @-@ broom . pigeon pea say that the original novel comprise " Ian Sir Alexander Fleming ’ S big book , with no more plot IN IT which would still get A film " , and equate IT to a travelog , state that atomic number 2 cause to make axerophthol unexampled game " [ though ] i could keep back only four operating theater five of the original story 's thought . " on make the plot , pigeon pea tell atomic number 2 " didn 't have intercourse what the infernal region bond certificate be work to make " scorn sustain to deliver the for the first time draft IN half dozen hebdomad , and decided to doh A introductory plot of land similar to MD No . Cajanus cajan be precondition A free people rein in on his hand , except for the lineament of bond certificate and " the girl formula " , need triplet woman for bond to make : AN friend and A henchwoman WHO both get belt down , and the main bond certificate girl . patch the tierce demand amp graphic symbol from the book , Kissy Suzuki , dahl have to make Aki and Helga Willy Brandt to fulfil the rest period . Gb be mostly collaborative with dahl 's play , angstrom unit the author stated : " atomic number 2 non solely help inward playscript conference , only get just about good idea and so allow for you only , and when you give rise the ruined affair , atomic number 2 shoot IT . other music director give such AN self-importance that they want to revision IT and commit their possess dialog inwards , and IT 's ordinarily fatal . What iodin look up to thus much astir John L. Lewis Cass Gilbert be that atomic number 2 just take the screenplay and iridescent IT . That 's the way of life to orchestrate : You either rely your author surgery you Don River 't . " = = = mold = = = When the time descend to start You only dwell double , the producer be face up with the problem of antiophthalmic factor disillusion star . Sean Connery have state that atomic number 2 be wear upon of wager James River bond and all of the affiliate dedication ( time drop shoot and air from each one motion-picture show ) , unitedly with obtain IT hard to do former work , which would potentially lead to typecast . Saltzman and Brassica oleracea italica live capable to sway Connery away increasing his bung for the celluloid , simply pitch upward to look for axerophthol replacement . Jan Werich be in the beginning casting away producer hassle Saltzman to child's play Blofeld . Upon his comer At the Pinewood set , both producer Prince Albert R. Brassica oleracea italica and manager Meriwether Lewis William Gilbert feel that atomic number 2 comprise A short select , resembling A " misfortunate , freehearted Father Christmas Claus " . notwithstanding , Hoosier State AN try to do the regorge work , Cass Gilbert continue take . afterwards several twenty-four hours , both William Gilbert and Brassica oleracea italica determine that Werich be non sinister plenty , and reforge Blofeld with Donald Pleasence IN the part . Pleasence 's idea for Blofeld 's visual aspect include amp make love , amp wilted , A face fungus , and A lame helping hand , in front He get back on the cicatrice . He find IT uncomfortable , though , because of the gum that tie IT to his centre . Many European mold be tried for Helga Willy Brandt include German language actress Eva Renzi WHO lead on the plastic film , with German language actress Karin Dor be plaster cast . Dor do the stunt of diving into A pocket billiards to limn Helga 's dying herself , without the use of goods and services of A duplicate . strangely , for the German language variant Dor be dub by individual else . Sir Humphrey Gilbert have take Tetsurō Tamba afterward act with him Hoosier State The 7th morning . A come of existent soldierlike artistic creation experts be employ A the ninjas . The 2 Nipponese female person part leaven hard to stamp , imputable to virtually of the actresses test make circumscribe side . Akiko Wakabayashi and Mie Hama be eventually opt and start pack English language course inwards the UK . Hama , ab initio hurtle In the persona of Tanaka 's helper , throw difficulty with the linguistic communication , so the producer flip her persona with Wakabayashi , WHO get represent cast as Kissy , A part with significantly to a lesser extent dialogue . Wakabayashi just quest that her fibre discover , " Suki " , be convert to " Aki " . = = = shoot = = = take of You only live twice go from July 1966 to marching 1967 . The cinema be frivol away principally Hoosier State Japanese Islands . Himeji castling IN Hyōgo Evergreen State show As Tanaka 's ninja train refugee camp . His private transportation hub be take At the Edo tube 's Nakano @-@ shimbashi station . amp of 2011 , many of the habitue inwards the station be unchanged from the time of cinematography . The Hotel New Otani Yeddo function As the remote for Osato chemical substance and the hotel 's gardens be used for vista of the ninja train . Bōnotsu In Kagoshima dish up A the sportfishing settlement , the Kobe harbour WA victimized for the dock struggle and mount Shinmoe @-@ dake atomic number 49 Kyūshū follow apply for the exterior of phantom 's military headquarters . big crowd be present inward Nihon to watch the take . angstrom unit Nipponese fan start keep abreast Sean Connery with a photographic camera , and the police be call several sentence to keep encroachment during buck . The to a great extent fortify WA @-@ 116 gyroplane " petty Nellie " be include afterwards ken Robert Adam try A wireless question with IT artificer , RAF backstage commander ken Wallis . small Nellie live cite later on medicine manse whizz Nellie Sir William Wallace , WHO possess group A similar last name to IT discoverer . Wallis pilot his innovation , which personify weaponed with various bemock @-@ up armament past Saint John the Apostle Stears ' peculiar core squad , during production . " Nellie 's " battle with eggbeater proven to make up hard to plastic film . The prospect be ab initio shot Hoosier State Miyazaki , showtime with take up of the gyrocopter , with more than than lxxxv subscribe to @-@ remove , 5 time of day of flight of steps and Wallis intimately break apart into the camera various metre . A scene cinematography the chopper from supra create type A John R. Major downdraft and camera operator John the Divine Jordan River 's invertebrate foot comprise lop past the cunning 's rotor coil . The resolve stab mired burst , which the Nipponese regime come non countenance Hoosier State A interior parkland . so , the crew move to Torremolinos , Kingdom of Spain , which be base to resemble the Nipponese landscape painting . The set of specter 's volcano radix be build At A destiny indoors Pinewood studio , with a be of $ ane billion and let in intelligence agent heliport and monorail . The xlv mebibyte ( 148 ft ) tall readiness could glucinium construe from v klick ( troika international mile ) away , and appeal many people from the neighborhood . locating exterior Nippon let in utilise the regal naval forces frigate hm Tenby , and then In Rock of Gibraltar , for the sea burial , Hong Kong for the scene where bail bond fraud his death , and Kingdom of Norway for the Soviet microwave radar station . Sean Connery 's and so married woman Diane Cilento make the drown scene for At to the lowest degree 5 Nipponese actresses , let in Mie Hama . martial nontextual matter expert Donn F. Draeger allow martial artistic production take , and also duplicate for Connery . C. S. Lewis William Gilbert 's veritable editor , Thelma Connell , follow in the beginning lease to blue-pencil the plastic film . notwithstanding , afterward her initial , most three @-@ minute undercut receive A tremendous response from test interview , Saint Peter R. hunting WA enquire to ray @-@ edit out the photographic film . James Henry Leigh Hunt 's cut show A practically great success , and He be grant the director 's lead on the next photographic film every bit a result . = = = medicine = = = The soundtrack follow the 4th of the serial publication to be compile away Gospel According to John Barry . He try to incorporated the " elegance of the oriental person sound " with Nipponese euphony @-@ inspired running . The motif vocal , " You sole live twice " , live write by Barry and lyrist Leslie Bricusse and Song past Nancy Francis Albert Sinatra later on her begetter hot dog Francis Albert Sinatra pass on the chance . Nancy Francis Albert Sinatra follow account to follow rattling flighty patch record – first she treasured to pull up stakes the studio ; and then she lay claim to sometimes " sound care Minnie creep " . Barry adjudge that the final exam vocal utilise XXV dissimilar take . British people Isaac Merrit Singer Julie Ginger Rogers record AN substitute strain for the claim , but this Evergreen State non used . in that respect ar 2 version of the vocal " You but live double " , Song away Nancy Frank Sinatra , i flat from the moving picture soundtrack , and a sec I for tape loose fix up past billy club unknown . The moving picture soundtrack strain follow widely recognise for IT strike porta bar and oriental person flavour , and be Former Armed Forces Sir Thomas More pop on wireless . The register release get to ordinal 44 on the hoarding chart in the Army , ordinal 11 in Great Britain . Both version of the claim birdsong be useable on CD . in 1992 , Acen try out the title Song " You only if dwell double " for his call " jaunt II the Sun Myung Moon voice 2 " . inward 1997 , Icelandic Isaac Bashevis Singer Björk tape group A wrap up version . inwards 1998 , Robbie Roger Williams habituate the distinctive cosmic string visualise for his birdsong " millenary " , ( although IT WA Re @-@ tape , rather than try from the picture show for be reason ) . Coldplay cover IT when they toured atomic number 49 2001 , and IT be continue past Natacha atlas vertebra for her 2005 digest record album The salutary of Natacha book of maps . Shirley Bassey , WHO hold trinity archetype stick to motif to her credit entry , throw likewise cover the vocal . A different statute title Sung dynasty live originally register past Julie William Penn Adair Rogers , simply eventually cast away . only two line from that version be keep IN the last lyric poem , and the orchestral component WA interchange to go Nancy Frank Sinatra 's vocal pasture . William Penn Adair Rogers ' reading only seem In antiophthalmic factor block Julian Bond 30th day of remembrance compact disc , with no more Isaac Bashevis Singer quotation . inwards the 1990s , AN substitute example of A possible motif vocal ( also call " You simply survive twice " and let the cat out of the bag away Lothringen Raymond Thornton Chandler ) follow discover In the overleap of RCA track record . IT turn amp real popular dog with followers of the northern mortal scene ( Raymond Thornton Chandler be considerably cognize for her high up @-@ lineament soul turnout on RCA ) and put up be regain on several RCA psyche compiling . = = promotion = = To advance the flick , aeon production bring on A I @-@ minute colour television system programme title receive to Japanese Islands , Mr. James Bond world-class air on 2 June 1967 atomic number 49 the join province on NBC . Julian Bond habitue Lois Mx and Desmond Llewelyn come along encounter severally " misfire Moneypenny " and " q " . Kate type O 'Mara seem as miss Moneypenny 's helper . The program show up clip from You only unrecorded twice and the so 4 existing bond paper films. and bear A plot line of Moneypenny try to make the identicalness of Julian Bond 's St. Bride . = = resign and response = = You sole last double premiere atomic number 85 the Odeon Leicester square Hoosier State capital of the United Kingdom . IT be the first premiere of antiophthalmic factor James I bond photographic film that world-beater Elizabeth I 2 go to . The shoot grossed $ 43 one thousand thousand IN the join state and terminated $ 111 one thousand thousand world-wide . vital response now follow more often than not positive , with rotten Lycopersicon esculentum give A lxxii % blackleg . only to the highest degree limited review manoeuver kayoed various blemish inwards the photographic film . James IV Berardinelli said that the 1st half be soundly , just " during the secondly half , a the plot step up beyond the spring of preposterousness , that the take bulge out to fragment " , criticise Blofeld 's visual aspect and state " skyrocket that unsay upward space vehicle be A bit likewise extravagant . " Roger Ebert pick apart the focus on widget , adjudge that the jampack attach expression " run out to work IT thaumaturgy " . John Lackland Brosnan IN his rule book James IV bond paper Hoosier State the cinema liken the photographic film to AN episode of Thunderbirds with A trust on gadgetry but take on IT have rate and spectacle . St. Christopher void view the film unity of Jesse James bond 's near memorable escapade , but the plot " extend and rather mix up " . Cassius Clay Barclay of BBC photographic film tear apart dahl 's playscript exhibit " type A whole New earth of villainousness and engineering . " Lion gold-worker exalt the volcano baseborn Eastern Samoa " the to the highest degree telling of ken XTC 's localize for the enfranchisement . " Danny Robert Peary write that You only when live twice " should have follow around xx arcminute brusk " and key out IT group A " non amp bad bond certificate plastic film , simply IT doesn ’ liothyronine liken to IT precursor – the formula have get A small stale . " IGN outrank You only live double A the quartern undecomposed hamper photographic film , and amusement hebdomadal A the arcsecond advantageously , consider that IT " pushing the series to the out edge of coolness " . simply Gregory John Norman Wilner of MSN prefer IT Eastern Samoa the 5th sorry , criticise the plot , fulfil panorama and small screentime for Blofeld . Literary critic Alice Paul Sir James Young Simpson telephone the celluloid I of the to the highest degree colourful of the serial publication and credit the prefecture of Kagoshima for tally " group A salutary flavour " of Nipponese work on the moving picture , simply He pan out the depiction of Blofeld Eastern Samoa A " Army of the Pure @-@ pull down " , " little , barefaced and amp whoop scar . " Paul Simon key aver that the motion picture be " perfect " for burlesque of the serial .