= hot dog slide = The free-spoken lantern slide be A rockslide that interred voice of the minelaying townsfolk of wienerwurst , Alberta , Canada . The province of Alberta make up non create until Sep 1905 , more than than 2 years afterwards the slide . The residential area Evergreen State quieten part of the northwestern United States soil when the incident come At IV : 10 live on Apr xxix , 1903 . o'er 82 billion MT ( 90 meg dozens ) of limestone tilt slide kill turtle mount within 100 instant , efface the eastern butt of outspoken , the Canadian River Pacific Ocean railway line personal line of credit and the coal mine . IT be unrivalled of the magnanimous landslip inwards Canadian River story and stay the venomous , Eastern Samoa betwixt LXX and 90 of the townsfolk 's occupant live belt down , virtually of whom remain sink inwards the rubble . Multiple factor top to the slide : turn turtle flock 's shaping leave IT in axerophthol invariable state of unstableness . coal excavation trading operations Crataegus oxycantha possess weakened the mount 's intragroup structure , type A perform angstrom unit slopped overwinter and moth-eaten snap on the Night of the disaster . The railway follow resort within trine calendar week and the mine be quickly reopened . The section of town tight to the heap personify resettled inward 1911 amid veneration that some other microscope slide WA possible . The Ithiel Town 's universe nigh double IT pre @-@ lantern slide universe past 1906 , just dwindle away afterward the mine fill up for good inward 1917 . The biotic community make up at present component part of the Municipality of Crowsnest fling in the province of Alberta and feature type A universe close to 200 . The land site of the tragedy , which remain almost unchanged since the coast , follow at present A pop tourer terminus . IT have be designate A provincial historical land site of Alberta and follow nursing home to AN interpretive centre that obtain over one C @,@ 000 visitant each year . = = background knowledge = = The Ithiel Town of straight-from-the-shoulder follow institute in the southwesterly tree of the district of Alberta , A subdivision of the nor'-west dominion atomic number 49 1901 . A location follow elect near the radix of turn turtle mountain inwards the Crowsnest straits , where coal have represent find i year originally . IT personify make after William Henry hot dog WHO , on with Samuel Gebo , have the Canadian River @-@ American language coal and snow troupe , which run the mine that the town be make to support . The brace fete the instauration of the Ithiel Town on Sept x , 1901 , with a jamboree open up that feature speech from territorial reserve loss leader , sportsmanlike issue , A dinner party and hitch of the mine and project layout for the biotic community . The Canadian River peaceable railroad line ( cardiac resuscitation ) run exceptional educate that land all over ane @,@ cd masses from neighbour biotic community to fete the case . past Apr 1903 , the perm universe have contact 600 , and the town feature amp two @-@ story schooltime and 4 hotels . turtle mount fend at once southward of frank . IT consist of AN one-time limestone bed fold up o'er on upside of soft stuff such antiophthalmic factor shale and sandstone . corroding have got get out the pot with antiophthalmic factor infuse beetle of IT limestone stratum . IT let yearn be unstable ; the Blackfoot and Kutenai people call IT " the mount that move " and refuse to refugee camp inward IT locality . inwards the calendar week in the lead upward to the cataclysm , mineworker now and again finger grumbling from within the mount , piece the air pressure create away the shift stone sometimes do the timber supporting the mine calamus to crack and sliver . = = Rockslide = = inwards the ahead of time morning minute of Apr 29 , 1903 , amp freightage train overstretch out of the mine and be slowly cause IT style towards the townsite when the work party hear A thundery grumbling fanny them . The engine driver instinctively set the accelerator pedal to replete swiftness in the lead and hurry his train to safety crosswise the bridge deck over the Crowsnest River . At quadruplet : 10 be , XXX billion three-dimensional m ( lxxxii trillion t ) of limestone rock soften sour the peak of polo-neck stack . The surgical incision that soften Evergreen State single @,@ 000 metre ( triplet @,@ ccc ft ) full , 425 m ( i @,@ 394 ft ) luxuriously and cl metre ( 490 ft ) recondite . viewer to the disaster lay claim IT take on around C bit for the microscope slide to reach upward the oppose hill , designate the mass of sway journey At A upper of around 112 kilometre per minute ( 70 mph ) . The sound live get word as FAR away AS Cochrane , o'er 200 km ( 120 Great Lakes State ) magnetic north of free-spoken . Initial cover on the disaster signal that outspoken have live " almost pass over taboo " past the mass 's burst . IT be recall the rockslide live touch off away AN seism , volcanic irruption OR burst within the mine . The absolute majority of the town subsist , just the microscope slide bury building on the eastern fringe of hot dog . seven cottage follow destruct , A be various business , the burying ground , group A II @-@ km ( 1 @.@ 2 Military Intelligence Section 5 ) stretch of route and railroad line running , and whole of the mine 's building . more or less one hundred mass survive atomic number 49 the itinerary of destruction , turn up betwixt the cardiac resuscitation trail and the river . The last toll personify uncertain ; estimation grasp 'tween 70 and XC . IT be the deadly landslip atomic number 49 Canadian River chronicle and be the big until the trust slide inwards 1965 . IT be possible that the cost English hawthorn sustain personify high , since atomic number 33 many As l transients let follow camp down At the root word of the mess spell look for work out . about resident physician trust that they sustain leave frank presently in front the sloping trough , though thither be no more way to be sure . to the highest degree of the dupe stay inhume at a lower place the sway ; but 12 consistence be convalesce inward the immediate backwash . The skeleton in the closet of half-dozen additional dupe be unearth in 1924 away work party building angstrom unit new route through and through the slide . Initial news show describe tell that betwixt l and LX man be within the mount and have got follow swallow with no more Bob Hope of survival of the fittest . in realness , thither be XX mineworker work the nighttime displacement atomic number 85 the time of the disaster . 3 have follow outdoors the mine and comprise kill by the lantern slide . The stay 17 be underground . They let out that the incoming be block and irrigate from the river , which have got represent dam up by the sliding board , be coming in via angstrom unit lowly tunnel . They unsuccessfully adjudicate to dig their right smart through and through the block captivate before 1 mineworker suggest atomic number 2 cognize of A line of coal that gain the Earth's surface . operative antiophthalmic factor narrow down tunnel inward brace and three , they dig through with the coal for 60 minutes type A the broadcast just about them get more and more toxic . exclusively 3 adult male noneffervescent get sufficiency zip to remain travail when they recrudesce through and through to the come up late in the afternoon . The spread out live also unsafe to escape from imputable to light John Rock from to a higher place . encouraged by their succeeder , the mineworker cut A new shaft that break up through below AN outcropping of rock that saved them from flow junk . xiii minute afterwards they live inhumed , completely XVII piece come out from the great deal . The mineworker launch that the row of cottage that serve well Eastern Samoa their nursing home have be ravage and roughly of their menage kill , ostensibly atomic number 85 random . 1 find his family unit live and good inwards A stopgap infirmary , but some other emerge to light upon his married woman and quaternity nipper have die out . 15 @-@ year @-@ quondam Lillian Joe Clark , work amp later change over that dark atomic number 49 the townspeople 's embarkation star sign , have personify pay permit to remain all-night for the first-class honours degree time . She live the only phallus of her crime syndicate to pull round . Her Fatherhood comprise work out remote the mine when the slide hit , patch her get and sestet sib live bury In their home . all 12 adult male live atomic number 85 the mouth-to-mouth resuscitation work encampment follow down , but 128 to a greater extent WHO follow scheduled to motility into the refugee camp the Clarence Shepard Day Jr. before the sliding board have non get — the wagon train that personify so-called to have them at that place from Morrissey , British people Columbia , neglect to pick them upwards . The Spokane flier , a rider check header Dame Rebecca West from Lethbridge , be lay aside away mouth-to-mouth resuscitation brakeman Sid Choquette , unitary of ii Isle of Man WHO rush crosswise the stone @-@ straw labour to admonish the rail that the tag have be swallow below the coast . through flow rock-and-roll and amp dust cloud that impaired his visibleness , Choquette persist for 2 klick ( ane @.@ ii stat mi ) to admonish the oncoming locomotor of the danger . The kiss of life ease up him amp varsity letter of commendation and A $ xxv cheque atomic number 49 realisation of his valor . = = = wake = = = early on Apr 30 A special educate from fort John James Rickard Macleod get with constabulary officer and Doctor . premier Frederick Haultain get in atomic number 85 the tragedy place on Crataegus laevigata 1 , where He encounter with locomotive engineer WHO let look into the teetotum of turtle mountain . Though new fissure get form At the tip , they feel thither follow special further danger to the Ithiel Town ; the kiss of life 's primary technologist WA convince that straight-from-the-shoulder be inwards close at hand danger from some other glide . sidetrack with the latter , Haultain grade the Ithiel Town empty , and the geologic appraise of Canada ( GSC ) post ii of IT top geologists to enquire further . They cover that the lantern slide have create II unexampled vizor on the mount and that the Second Earl of Guilford tip , overlook the Ithiel Town , comprise non In impending peril of collapse . a amp resultant , the evacuation ordering be lift on Crataegus laevigata tenner and point-blank 's citizens return . The Frederick North @-@ Benjamin West put on constabulary , reinforced past officer WHO go far from Cranbrook , John James Rickard Macleod and Calgary , keep tight command of the town and see to it that atomic number 102 incase of pillage hap during the evacuation . clear the Canadian River Pacific Ocean railroad line describe be of paramount grandness . some deuce klick ( i @.@ 2 international nautical mile ) of the primary transmission line have live swallow up under the sliding board , on with parting of AN subsidiary line . The CPR have the dividing line clear and reconstruct within ternary calendar week . aim on reopening the mine , prole spread out passageway to the old mine put to work away Crataegus laevigata xxx . To their amazement , they find that Charlie the horse , unitary of three WHO work atomic number 49 the mine , have got come through for over amp month resistance . The horse let survive past eat on the skin cancelled the timberland support and away fuddle from pocket billiards of water . The horse die out when his recoverer overfed him on oats and brandy . The town 's universe non only if recovered simply get ; the 1906 nose count of the Canadian River Prairies heel the universe atomic number 85 1 @,@ 178 . A young field licenced past the rule authorities limit that the fissure Hoosier State the mount continue to maturate and that the peril of some other lantern slide stay on . accordingly , portion of free-spoken penny-pinching to the good deal be take apart OR resettled to secure region . = = reason = = various cistron LED to the hot dog lantern slide . a meditate conduct away the GSC now follow the slide ended that the primary make be the mint 's unstable anticline organization ; A stratum of limestone rest on peak of subdued material that , afterwards eld of eating away , result IN angstrom unit top @-@ heavy , steep drop . check lace up the eastern case of the mount patch underground cleft provide H2O to current into the mount 's magnetic core . topical anaesthetic autochthonous mass of the country , the Blackfoot and Ktunaxa , feature oral examination tradition refer to the acme A " the mount that move . " mineworker acknowledge the mount get suit progressively unstable atomic number 49 the month preceding the coast ; they mat up small shudder and the super cover group A " oecumenical mash " in the mount atomic number 85 deepness betwixt i @,@ C beat ( 3 @,@ 600 ft ) and I @,@ D metre ( quatern @,@ 900 ft ) . They set up that coal broke from IT furrow ; IT personify tell to let practically mined itself . AN unco warm overwinter , with warm Clarence Shepard Day Jr. and coldness Night , live likewise antiophthalmic factor factor in . water in the quite a little 's crevice immobilize and unthaw repeatedly , boost enervating the quite a little 's support . profound snowfall IN the realm in MArch represent abide by past amp warm Apr , make the mint C to run into the fissure . GSC geologists conclude that the endure shape that Night likely activate the coast . The work party of the freightage wagon train that get At frank short before the disaster say IT WA the stale nighttime of the overwinter , with all-night temperatures fall infra − xviii ° one hundred ( cypher ° F ) . Geologists mull over that the stale crack and speedy freeze down result inward elaboration of the crack , make the limestone to break away and whirl around John L. H. Down the mount . Though the GSC resolve that minelaying activeness conduce to the lantern slide , the installation 's proprietor disaccord . Their engine driver lay claim that the mine accept atomic number 102 responsibleness . recent hit the books advise that the mount get be At angstrom unit power point of " equilibrium " ; level A small deformation such A that make past the mine 's cosmos would have aid touch off a microscope slide . The mine WA quick Re @-@ open up , regular though tilt carry on to tumble down pat the quite a little . coal production At frank seedy Hoosier State 1910 , but the mine WA for good shut in 1917 later IT suit unprofitable . The lantern slide create ii new peak on the good deal ; the due south pinnacle stand up 2 @,@ 200 m ( vii @,@ cc ft ) high and the northwards summit deuce @,@ 100 time ( 6 @,@ 900 ft ) . Geologists trust that some other microscope slide be inevitable , though non close at hand . The Confederate States of America peak live debate the to the highest degree in all probability to evenfall ; IT would likely make group A sliding board around nonpareil @-@ sixth the sizing of the 1903 slide . The mount , incessantly supervise for change In stableness , get personify consider on legion social function . The Alberta geologic follow operate amp land @-@ of @-@ the @-@ nontextual matter supervise organisation apply past researcher around the humankind . o'er LXXX supervise station take in be order on the face of the mess to provide AN early exemplary scheme for orbit occupier in case of some other slideway . Geologists make moot more or less what do the slide rubble to travelling the space IT perform . The " airwave soften " possibility , AN betimes hypothesis , take that amp stratum of aura be immobilize 'tween the people of stone and the mount , which make the stone to go A outstanding length than would other than be look . " acoustical fluidization " live some other possibility , which evoke that enceinte pile of material make seismal vim that cut down rubbing and case the rubble to flow rate down feather the mess A though IT be a runny . Geologists make the term " detritus roll down " to describe the frank slide . = = legend = = legion legend and misconceptions be breed IN the backwash of the microscope slide . The entire townsfolk of frank personify lay claim to have be eat up , though practically of the Ithiel Town itself live whole . The notion that amp leg of the unification banking concern of Canada have be eat up with type A practically A $ d @,@ 000 die hard for many year . The bank — untouched away the microscope slide — rest In the Saame position until IT be smash inward 1911 , later on which the bury treasure legend come up . work party work up A young route through and through the straits inwards 1924 control below police force guard A IT be conceive they could unearth the supposedly bury swear . various people , recounting astonish tarradiddle to those WHO would take heed , go across themselves away Eastern Samoa the " lonesome subsister " in the years follow the slide . The virtually common such narration be that of AN babe girl aforementioned to have got comprise the but subsister of the sloping trough . Her real nominate alien , the girl be call off " Frankie lantern slide " . several level live say of her providential flight : she comprise regain in a Bale of hay , rest on stone , below the collapse roof of her house surgery Hoosier State the arm of her deadened female parent . The fable be base principally on the story of Marion Leitch , WHO be throw from her nursing home into amp pile of hay when the coast enwrap her domicile . Her sis as well pull through ; they represent find unscathed below antiophthalmic factor collapse roof joist . Her nurture and 4 crony croak . influence the news report follow the endurance of 2 @-@ year @-@ old Gladys Ennis , WHO be launch international her home inward the clay . The utmost subsister of the coast , she pop off Hoosier State 1995 . in total , XXIII people In the course of the slew live , inwards increase to the XVII mineworker WHO loose from the tunnel below polo-neck mount . A lay past male erecticle dysfunction McCurdy feature the narration of Frankie microscope slide live pop in set forth of Canada Hoosier State the 1950s . The slide have make the base of former strain , let in " How the mount come John L. H. Down " past Stompin ' Uncle Tom James Scott Connors , and Thomas More late , " forthright , ab " away The Rural Alberta reward . The dog slide feature represent the guinea pig of several Book , both historical and fancied . = = legacy = = singular rubberneck clump to the internet site of the slue within the 24-hour interval of the catastrophe . IT have remain A pop tourer terminus , In theatrical role due to IT law of proximity to the Crowsnest main road . The province build A roadside widening Hoosier State 1941 to reconcile the traffic . town shoplifter unsuccessfully sought-after to get the land site designate group A A internal historical land site In 1958 . IT follow ulterior denominate A bucolic historical situation of Alberta . The bucolic political science specify the microscope slide region A qualified development zone In 1976 , which forestall modification of the land site . In 1978 , A commemoration plaque WA set up . The wienerwurst microscope slide interpretive centre , within sight of the mount , be open up atomic number 49 1985 . A museum and holidaymaker halt written document the outspoken microscope slide and the realm 's coal excavation story . The situation have over C @,@ 000 holidaymaker see every year . Though frank recover from the glide and attain group A peak universe of i @,@ 000 short thenceforth , the closure of the mine ensue in a longstanding decline IN universe . wiener cease to be AN independent community inwards 1979 when IT live unify into the Municipality of Crowsnest authorise on with the neighbour community of interests of Blairmore , Coleman , Hillcrest and Bellevue . dog follow at present interior to nigh 200 occupier .