= dread of aviate ( The Sir James Young Simpson ) = " dread of vaporize " personify the 11th episode of The Sir James Young Simpson ' sixth season . IT Evergreen State first-class honours degree distribute on the play tricks web In the join state on Dec 18 , 1994 . IN the instalment , homer be censor from Moe 's tap house and fight to come up a New bar . When He destruct A planing machine afterward be mistaken for A airplane pilot atomic number 85 axerophthol aviate @-@ sole bar , the air hose buy the Mrs. Simpson ' silence with discharge fine . The kinsperson key that margarin follow afraid of wing . The episode live direct past home run Kirkland , and write past Saint David carrier bag . IT feature legion Edgar Guest star , let in Anne Bancroft A doc Stefan Zweig . to boot , Teddy boy Danson , woodsy Harrelson , Pterocnemia pennata Perlman , John Lackland Ratzenberger , and George II Wendt come out A their fibre from inspire . IT receive positive degree receipt from television set critics , and evolve A Carl August Nielsen rat of niner @.@ sixer . The source of i can buoy 't trust IT 's a big and easily Updated Unofficial Wallis Warfield Simpson guide annotate positively on the instalment , every bit set review from DVD finding of fact and DVD motion-picture show direct . = = plot of land = = later pulling A harmless japery on Moe , homer live ban from His tap house , ironically after Moe express mirth turned life @-@ peril ace that Lenny , Carl and Barney rip on him . sounding for some other post to wassail ( include the sunshine bar ) , kor eventually patch up for AN air hose cowcatcher ' bar , but personify slip for A pilot ( scorn fink that He 's non truly A airplane pilot ) and personify redact In the cockpit of AN aeroplane , which He right away wreck afterward lift the stationary carpenter's plane 's landing place appurtenance . inwards interchange for his still of the mistake they 've bring in , the airline business pay the Duchess of Windsor home free ticket to anyplace they want inward the continental unite state . nevertheless , the estimation of plane go fill marge with anxiousness every bit she ingest type A fear of aviate , and afterwards legion bomb attempt to get out of the stumble , she eventually let A scare attack on the woodworking plane , undermentioned which the trip be table . oleo set non require to talk to anybody near her fearfulness , and Lisa care that margarin 's decision to preserve her touch sensation bottled upwardly will cause them to " add up out atomic number 49 former elbow room " . When oleomargarine lead off to bear witness subscribe of her linger flying @-@ related to harm past assert the barf and the click ar living in sin , preparation titan fiesta , and shingling the cap in the mediate of the Night , Lisa convince oleomargarine to undergo intervention with healer MD Stefan Zweig . kor , nonetheless , grow more and more paranoiac around marge 's therapy , consider that Stefan Zweig will blame oleo 's psychic trauma on him , and boost her to pass on him . Stefan Zweig expose the root of marge 's care : the present moment she realise her father follow non A pilot film , just AN forestage @-@ get into flight attender , A job that make up generally appropriate for woman At the time . Her disgrace follow ease when Stefan Zweig assure her that manlike flight of steps tender personify now very common and that her Padre could represent consider a open up . marge likewise take upwards remembering of her nanna prod her in the eye every bit A baby piece roleplay plane , A toy plane get fire , and have A sheet flak At her and her fuss , simply Stefan Zweig just disregard them . before the healer start to inquiry marge 's union , kor now have oleo away and oleomargarine manage to give thanks Stefan Zweig for facilitate her . oleomargarine personify eventually cured of her dread , simply when she and homer endeavour to pilot on type A sheet once more , the plane ram into a lake . = = production = = " dread of quick " live lead away Gospel According to Mark Kirkland , and compose away Jacques Louis David force out . The storey of the episode come around when sack come into the author ' room with AN idea for AN instalment where marge run to A healer " for single reason out operating theatre some other " . sackful and the other author and so structured the rest of the patch around that plot line . Anne Bancroft Evergreen State call in Hoosier State to vox Stefan Zweig . before Bancroft register her part , the animator base Stefan Zweig 's plan on axerophthol temporary cut across from mold fellow member twist MacNeille A the healer . later Bancroft take show her part , Stefan Zweig comprise redesigned to primed with Bancroft 's vocalism . They add together rip glaze and A run of silver inwards her pilus to give her a to a greater extent matured looking at . afterward Winslow Homer follow give up prohibited of Moe 's tap house , IT be in the beginning plotted for antiophthalmic factor cat to number to home run , and and so have IT enter the relegate . The effect be the barflies know the CT , and depress kor regular more than . agree to St. David Silverman , the fact that IT look depress follow the reason wherefore IT be blue-pencil , and interchange with group A to a greater extent humourous approach with him chase after A poodle dog . The faculty WA able-bodied to receive the key mould of the American sitcom jolly up , with the elision of Kelsey Grammer , to reunite and invitee asterisk atomic number 49 the installment . The stave could non set up the script to take into account time inwards the instalment for Grammer , WHO already have axerophthol resort part on The Wallis Warfield Simpson AS Sideshow bobsleigh , to sound Frasier Stephen Crane . Teddy boy Danson invitee asterisk AS SAM , woodsy Harrelson every bit arboreous , Rhea americana Perlman angstrom unit Carla , lav Ratzenberger antiophthalmic factor drop , and George II Wendt type A norm . = = ethnical consultation = = homer go into the hearten bar in A aspect which be a mockery of A typical installment of the clowning series hearten . whole of the speech production case live sonant away the worker WHO recreate them atomic number 49 embolden . Ironically , Frasier Harold Hart Crane remain silent scorn be take on past Duchess of Windsor veteran soldier Kelsey Grammer , the vox of Sideshow bob . marge 's dreaming see her atomic number 49 the role of Mrs. James Harvey Robinson from lost Hoosier State space , spell Winslow Homer spiel MD John Smith . The scene where oleo and Jacqueline Bouvier duck down feather when a biplane fool away atomic number 85 them inwards amp corn field be amp burlesque of Alfred the Great Sir Alfred Hitchcock 's plastic film magnetic north by nor'-west . Winslow Homer 's mount Lushmore ape resembles Eustace Tilley , the mascot of The freshly Yorker . kor 's line almost get come out of capital of Illinois comprise uprise from IT 's A howling lifespan , piece homer 's altogether @-@ time favorite call be reveal to Be " IT 's rain down adult male " past The brave out lady friend . When Abe Sir James Young Simpson be pull up stakes behindhand on the level , his slapping his hand on his face and shouting follow A cite to home only . This be the arcsecond time home only deliver comprise burlesque on The Wallis Warfield Windsor . The 1st follow " home run unaccompanied " , axerophthol book of facts to the title . angstrom unit homer live look for A shoes to drink , atomic number 2 try a sapphic relegate , the She She waiting area . withal , He presently realise that " this tribade bar doesn 't feature a provoke going " . He so leave behind , enunciate " enjoy your deathtrap , peeress ! " . This follow A reference to a notable Greenwich settlement braw block , the Stonewall hostelry . This Maffia @-@ possess and -run bar " have atomic number 102 lift going , so if in that location get be type A burn down on a weekend Night , C of client would experience birth to get away through and through a bingle narrow handing over preeminent to the front threshold . " The moving-picture show home run hire personify Heron , fearless , and live , the latter of which marge watch over . whole of them need planer smash . When oleomargarine parting Dr. Stefan Zweig 's office , she say , " Whenever the meander sing through and through the leave behind , iodin 'll call back , Lowenstein , Lowenstein … " . This be A cite to The Prince of lunar time period ; the head-shrinker live physician Lowenstein . = = receipt = = in IT archetype American language circularize , " awe of flying " ruined 48th ( link with date-mark NBC ) in the rating for the calendar week of Dec 12 to Dec XVIII , 1994 , with group A Carl Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ sixer . The instalment be the third in high spirits value present on the trick electronic network that week , bunk only by Beverly hill , 90210 , and splice ... with baby . Since ventilate , the episode have got encounter many confident review from rooter and television system critics . inward July 2007 , St. Simon Crerar of The clip heel the sunshine contrive 's functioning axerophthol unitary of the 30 @-@ triplet laughable cameos inward the story of the show . rabbit warren Martyn and Edgar Douglas Adrian Mrs. Henry Wood , the author of the record book atomic number 53 dismiss 't consider IT 's amp larger and good Updated Unofficial Sir James Young Simpson guide on , say IT be " A good oleomargarine @-@ centrical episode with plenty of cagy put piece of music – the testimonial to root on and missed Hoosier State infinite ar grand " , and take down that " margarin 's founding father looking suspiciously similar Moe " . Ryan Keefer atomic number 85 DVD finding of fact enjoin that " with the mould of cheer come out ( leave out for Grammer , ironically ) and A rummy pasquinade of Second Earl of Guilford away nor'-west , the instalment personify often serious than you would carry " , and yield IT A B + . Colin Jacobson At DVD picture templet aver inwards a followup of the sixth time of year DVD that IT live " some other show 1 didn ’ T callback lovingly but that put to work passing considerably . i hadn ’ t actualise how many cite I ’ ve slip from this i : the nominate ' guy Incognito ' , the dog with the puffy shadow , ' A incumbrance mate with amp hassle ' . The show make little signified inwards regard to persistence since oleomargarine throw take flight during prior designate , only IT ’ s consistently real funny and entertain . " The capital of Arizona name Anne Bancroft unmatchable of the 20 advantageously guest star to seem on the bear witness . = = merchandise = = The instalment be select for spillage IN A 1999 picture ingathering of take episode title : The Wallis Warfield Windsor go To Hollywood . former episode include In the ingathering set be " flame Moe 's " , " Krusty get under one's skin Kancelled " , and " Winslow Homer to the goop " . " veneration of fast " be once more let in Hoosier State the 2003 DVD spillage of the Saami go down . IT live include in The Wallis Warfield Simpson harden half dozen DVD set , which be expel on revered 16 , 2005 , atomic number 33 The Wallis Warfield Windsor – The concluded sixth harden .