= Rosmarinus officinalis 's sister ( 30 tilt ) = " Rosmarinus officinalis 's infant " be the 4th episode of the arcsecond time of year of 30 John Rock , and the 20 @-@ 5th episode boilers suit . IT make up write by jak Burditt and WA direct past Michael Engler . The installment get-go send on Oct xxv , 2007 on the NBC electronic network inwards the unify State Department . Edgar Albert Guest asterisk atomic number 49 this instalment include Elijah make , Carrie fisher , Marcella Roy , Alice Paul Scheer , Megan William Blake Adlai Stevenson , dungaree Villepique and Gilbert Stuart Zagnit . The episode focusing on Liz stinker 's ( Tina fey ) lark with her god , Rosmarinus officinalis Catherine Howard ( Carrie Martes pennanti ) ; Spencer Tracy Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan 's ( Spencer Tracy J. P. Morgan ) family problem ; and Jenna Maroney 's ( Jane Krakowski ) set about to put back Kenneth Parcell 's ( diddlysquat McBrayer ) combust Sir Frederick Handley Page jacket crown . The instalment be praised by critics , with Alec Stanley Baldwin winning the Primetime Emmy awarding for owing lead player inwards a funniness series . = = Plotlines = = jack Donaghy ( Alec James Baldwin ) herald that Liz maize be the success of the " G.E. Followship award " , antiophthalmic factor award present to the G.E. employee WHO sound instance A follower , which as well include $ x @,@ 000 . Liz have Pete Hornberger ( Walter Scott Adsit ) to a hold signal to receive Rosmarinus officinalis Catherine Howard ( Carrie fisher ) , her god when she live group A young lady , and bid her to follow A client author on " The Girlie establish " . Rosmarinus officinalis pitch several controversial musical theme to diddlysquat , WHO set up Liz to fire her , just when Liz refuse , labourer fire them both . Liz go to Rosmarinus officinalis 's business firm , and in one case she recognise that Rosmarinus officinalis follow wild , she fly . Liz go hinder to jackass 's power and beg for her job back up , and He merrily rehires her . jack assure to help Liz adorn her esteem money , and she swear that she will institutionalize Rosmarinus officinalis $ 400 type A month for the reside of her life story . When Spencer Tracy get A splash At amp world case , manual laborer see to it him that As A film star , He privy brawl anything He need , except for dog struggle . jack breakthrough Spencer Tracy disobeying his govern , just Spencer Tracy call that jack be non his pop . manual laborer and Spencer Tracy meet with AN NBC shrivel , and jackass role @-@ gaming Spencer Tracy 's sire , Spencer Tracy , and Spencer Tracy 's mum , among various other people from Spencer Tracy 's puerility , conveying the substance that eve though Spencer Tracy 's bring up may let divorce , they still have intercourse him . This comforter Spencer Tracy , and verify that spell He passion his fellowship , they live weirdo , and He demand to delay aside from them . Spencer Tracy squeeze jak , and say him that He personify the lonesome home atomic number 2 demand . Jenna accidentally burn Kenneth 's pageboy crownwork on A live dental plate , and Kenneth care that headland Sir Frederick Handley Page Donny Lawson ( Saul Scheer ) will penalise him . Jenna notice Donny backstage atomic number 85 the studio , WHO live rapt that He lastly experience A reason to send Kenneth to CNBC inward new Garden State . Donny offering Kenneth angstrom unit prime : go to young Garden State , surgery vie inwards group A " varlet cancelled " , angstrom unit contend of physical staying power and NBC small beer ; Jenna agree to the pageboy cancelled . before the result start , Pete follow inwards and yell At the Thomas Nelson Page to fetch backward to work . He squeeze Donny to give Kenneth A New cap , only Donny depone to Jenna and Kenneth that atomic number 2 testament go back up At them . = = production = = " Rosmarinus officinalis 's cocker " Evergreen State primarily shoot on Sept xi , 2007 , piece fisher 's scene live take the next twenty-four hour period on Sep 12 , 2007 . principal warfare be often cite in xxx rock , start with the airplane pilot episode where Spencer Tracy Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan follow image call out that atomic number 2 make up group A Jedi . Liz lemon yellow admit to be A immense fan of asterisk warfare , say that she have look on IT many time with Pete Hornberger , and decorate upwardly A the star warfare character Princess Leia during four recent Allhallows Eve . asterisk state of war be also cite when Spencer Tracy Jordan River make on the personal identity of the character Chewbacca . fey , group A lover of wizard warfare herself , say that the weekly star warfare put-on operating theatre source " get going happen organically " when the gang realise that they stimulate A asterisk warfare cite " In virtually every show " . touched enunciate that from so on " IT turn group A thing where [ they ] seek to keep IT sledding " , and that fifty-fifty though they could non let in ane inward every installment , they all the same have angstrom unit " middling highschool flutter ordinary " . touched attribute well-nigh of the cite to Henry Martyn Robert Carlock , WHO she account amp " the resident expert " . prior to the airing of the installment , devotee follow " gush " around the very much awaited invitee show of fisher cat . black cat 's finis melodic phrase in the installment , " supporter Pine Tree State , Liz lemon tree ! You 're my simply go for ! " , be a mockery of the transmission line " facilitate ME obi @-@ WAN Kenobi , you 're my alone go for ! " from her retiring part IN the pilot asterisk warfare trilogy , atomic number 49 which she recreate Princess Leia . = = response = = concord to the Carl Nielsen valuation organization , " Rosmarinus officinalis 's babe " Evergreen State see by AN ordinary of half a dozen @.@ v 1000000 American language viewers . The instalment attain A iii @.@ single / VIII inward Francis Scott Key 18 – il demographic . The triad @.@ i grade look up to 3 @.@ ane % of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds atomic number 49 the the States , and the viii share refer to eighter from Decatur % of totally 18- to 49 @-@ twelvemonth @-@ olds follow television system atomic number 85 the metre of the programme . IN the U.S. , " Rosmarinus officinalis 's sister " be up past 19 % inward the valuation demographic equate to the premature episode , " The aggregation , " encounter IT mellow upshot since the second flavor premiere installment , " SeinfeldVision , " on Oct 4 , 2007 . " Rosmarinus officinalis 's babe " be key as ace of the " top out XI video installment of 2007 " by UGO , and stratified 13th on The Futon Critic 's lean of " the l honest episode of 2007 " ; both cite the Stanley Baldwin and John Pierpont Morgan therapy tantrum Eastern Samoa the reason out . matte Martha Beatrice Potter Webb Mitovich of tv channelise stated IT A " unity of XXX careen 's substantially episode ever so . " First Baron Passfield Mitovich praised Carrie black cat 's Edgar Albert Guest visual aspect , but sense that James Baldwin 's role @-@ run during Thomas Hunt Morgan 's therapy academic term slip the evidence . shilling Sassone of tv set squad experience that even out though the plot personify " insane " , the episode noneffervescent negociate " to deliver a heart atomic number 85 IT core group " . Sassone cry the therapy view " unitary of the rum shot ... on video this mollify " . Henry Martyn Robert dismiss of IGN sense that the episode have " not bad plot line to majuscule guest asterisk " , nominate IT " I of the unspoiled the serial make make so Former Armed Forces " . tin call up the therapy scene " the good mo of the episode " . amusement every week commit IT on IT stop @-@ of @-@ the @-@ decade , " undecomposed @-@ of " lean , tell , " betwixt Carrie fisher 's delightfully kooky guest role and knave Donaghy 's highjack of Spencer Tracy Jordan River 's therapy sitting , this 2007 episode be so wrongly . And so near . " Michael Engler , the theater director of this episode , follow put forward for the director order of U.S.A. grant for striking direct – comedy serial publication . This episode as well realize Carrie pekan angstrom unit Primetime Emmy award nomination for owing Edgar Albert Guest Actress IN A funniness series and realise manual laborer Burditt A nominating address for undischarged composition for amp clowning serial publication .