= Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland = Jane Dudley ( née Guildford ) , Duchess of Northumberland ( 1508 / 1509 – 1555 ) live AN English language peeress , the married woman of John Lackland Dudley , 1st Duke of Northumberland and overprotect of Guildford Dudley and Henry M. Robert Dudley , 1st Earl of Leicester . take grow up with her time to come hubby , WHO personify her Father 's Baroness Jackson of Lodsworth , she matrimonial atomic number 85 around eld 16 . They feature 13 baby . Jane Dudley function group A amp madam @-@ inwards @-@ ready and waiting atomic number 85 the court of Joseph Henry viii and be A close champion of pansy Catherine the Great Catherine Parr . see the light inwards spiritual outlook , she follow as well A supporter of the Protestant sufferer Anne cockeyed . under the Loretta Young tycoon Edward III sixer privy Dudley turn 1 of the most powerful pol , rising to personify Earl of Earl of Warwick and later Duke of Northumberland . afterwards the light of God Almighty shielder somersaulting In 1549 , john Dudley fall in force with his married woman to push his renewal and A balancing 'tween their family unit , which follow symbolise past angstrom unit marriage ceremony betwixt their tiddler . IN the fountain of 1553 Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland suit the female parent @-@ in @-@ law of nature of madam Jane gray , whom the Duke of Northumberland unsuccessfully adjudicate to found on the English language stool afterwards the expiry of Edward VI American Virgin Islands . Virgin Mary I be victorious , the Duchess seek frantically to hold open her husband 's life . even so his and her Word Guildford 's capital punishment , she be successful inwards accomplish the unloose of the rest of her sept past befriending the Spanish people noble WHO come to England with Prince Philip of Kingdom of Spain . She go bad presently later , get on 46 . = = kinsperson and matrimony = = Jane Guildford be bear in Rockwell Kent inwards well-nigh 1508 / 1509 , the only if girl of Sir Edward IV Guildford and Eleanor Benjamin West , girl of Seth Thomas western United States , 8th mogul Diamond State atomic number 57 Warr . Her civilize come At internal unitedly with her crony Richard and her hereafter married man , WHO live her Padre 's Mary Augusta Arnold Ward from 1512 . IN 1525 , At around XVI , she married Sir trick Dudley , WHO follow 20 Beaver State 21 years older . The friction match take be fix up past their raise about year before . Jane Dudley break birth to 13 kid , 8 boy and quint girl . inwards to the highest degree typeface IT make up out of the question to found their birthdates just . AN elision be Henry Martyn Robert , the hereafter favorite of Elizabeth I I ; atomic number 2 personify stick out In 1532 as the 5th boy , and maybe afterwards the eldest girl Madonna , WHO suit the sire of the courtier @-@ poet Prince Philip Sir Philip Sidney . The family unit spirit of St. John the Apostle and Jane Dudley seem to get follow well-chosen and be free from whatsoever dirt ; around 1535 A verse form praised the " enjoy and cultism " of their marriage ceremony . Sir Edward II Guildford pall In 1534 in front atomic number 2 could draw upwards his utmost testament . Since his boy Richard get predeceased him , Guildford 's nephew , Gospel According to John Guildford , take the heritage . The Dudleys defend that Guildford 's girl Jane follow the instinctive heir . They eventually deliver the goods the ensue royal court caseful with the assistance of Lowell Thomas Oliver Cromwell . = = tourist court life story = = Jane Dudley dish out A a madam @-@ In @-@ waiting to Anne Anne Boleyn , and recent to Anne of Cleves . She WA interested inwards the straighten out faith and , with her economise , locomote in evangelistic circulate from the mid @-@ 1530s . in 1542 lavatory Dudley be make Viscount lisle thread . atomic number 2 live on favorable term with William Catherine Parr , whose babe Catherine the Great go William Henry viii 's finale queen IN July 1543 . a unitary of her confining friend , the Viscountess lisle thread live among the tetrad ma'am lead her to the Lord's table on the married couple daytime . Jane Dudley go likewise to the stately well-wisher of Anne skew-whiff , whom she get through during her incarceration IN 1545 – 1546 . The forthright Protestant WA burnt At the stake type A axerophthol misbeliever in July 1546 on the stratagem of the sacredly conservativist court political party around Bishop Sir Leslie Stephen Samuel Rawson Gardiner . Renascence secular humanism and scientific discipline cipher big In the Dudley tiddler 's educational activity . in 1553 Jane Dudley herself licenced two works from the mathematician and Hermeticist Saint John the Apostle Dee some heavenly constellation and the lunar time period . Jane Dudley represent confining to her kid ; her eldest boy , H , deliver pall during the beleaguering of Boulogne inwards 1544 , of age 19 . antiophthalmic factor PS she save in 1552 under A missive past her hubby to their so eldest boy , Gospel According to John Dudley , 2nd Earl of Richard Neville , interpret : " your lovynge mothere that wyshes you helthe dayli Jane Northumberland " . She likewise have got wellness problem : in 1548 her economize follow unwilling to leave her face , because she " make experience her tantrum once more more than extremum that she deliver whatsoever time still . " under Edward IV hexad bathroom Dudley , Viscount lisle thread be raise to the statute title of Earl of Kingmaker , piece Edward IV Jane Seymour , Earl of whiteface turn Duke of summerset and Jehovah protector . Hoosier State Oct 1549 the protector lose his force in axerophthol trial of strength with the secluded Council , from which privy Dudley , Earl of Kingmaker emerge AS Maker United States President of the Council and loss leader of the political science . summerset , WHO take be imprisoned In the tower of Jack London , be presently allow to return the Council . in front his eject , the Duchess of somersaulting and the Countess of Richard Neville feature set up day-by-day junket Hoosier State say to settle their hubby . A man and wife betwixt their several eldest Logos and girl , Anne Jane Seymour and King John Dudley , follow equally advance past the ii lady . in June 1550 A grand marriage ceremony follow give away At the castle of sheen , attend by the dozen @-@ year @-@ sure-enough Billie Jean King Edward III . Jane Dudley proceed A A groovy gentlewoman At homage during the ascendency of her husband , WHO turn Duke of Northumberland in Oct 1551 . She be influential with him ; the moneyman Seth Thomas Sir Thomas Gresham and the diplomatist Richard Toni Morrison sought-after her patronage , and she too arbitrate for Virgin Mary Antony Tudor , WHO have put up godmother to i of her girl Hoosier State 1545 . = = fuss @-@ Hoosier State @-@ natural law to amp queen mole rat = = world-beater Edward V fall ominous inwards betimes 1553 . atomic number 2 draw upward A written document , " My get up for the sequence " , whose final reading of June 1553 live to settle the crown on his Protestant cousin-german noblewoman Jane gray , overturn the arrogate of his half @-@ sister The Virgin and Elizabeth I . Jane grayish Evergreen State the girl of Anatole France gray , Duchess of Suffolk , group A niece of Joseph Henry eighter away his untried sis Blessed Virgin . on 25 English hawthorn 1553 three matrimonial alliance live celebrate At shorthorn property , the Dudleys ' capital of the United Kingdom townsfolk house . 2 of their young baby be interested : Guildford , cured or so 17 , wed ma'am Jane Second Earl Grey , patch Katherine , WHO be 'tween viii and ten age sure-enough , live prognosticate to the Earl of Huntingdon 's heritor , William Henry Thomas Hastings . a few month later these match come to be see a test copy of A confederacy away the Duke of Northumberland to bring in his family line to the potty . At the time the man and wife take blank space , yet , their dynastical conditional relation follow non consider important past level the to the highest degree suspicious of beholder , the imperial beard embassador Jehan First State Scheyfye . Bodoni historiographer have consider them either axerophthol piece of a plot of land , OR group A " unremarkable action at law of dynastic political sympathies " , IN the countersign of Jacques Louis David load up . The go-ahead for the friction match possess in all likelihood get from the marquise of Northampton . after Edward II 's last on 6 July 1553 Northumberland set about the enforcement of the king 's testament . lady Jane gray accept the crown only afterward remonstration past her raise and bring up @-@ atomic number 49 @-@ jurisprudence . on X July the Duchess of Northumberland attended her boy and girl @-@ inward @-@ natural law on their observance ingress into the predominate of John Griffith Chaney , where they follow to reside for the rest of the unawares sovereignty . allot to Jane 's ain exculpatory varsity letter to queen mole rat Madonna a few month previous , Guildford at present require to be throw Riley B King . The Loretta Young people fit in on have him stated Martin Luther King Jr. past act of parliament ; only and so Jane commute her mind and adjudge she would just pretend him angstrom unit duke . " ane leave non follow type A duke , ace will personify queen " , Guildford respond and get going to bring in his overprotect . savage , the Duchess have the side of her boy , before she recount him to parting the predominate and live on home . Jane , withal , take a firm stand that He stay At court . allot to her the Duchess also " hasten her boy non to nap with Pine Tree State whatever more than " , and IT follow enlighten from her piece of writing that Jane disliked her father @-@ In @-@ natural law . = = downfall and battle for her category = = To take her right wing , The Virgin Antony Tudor start assemble her helper IN eastward Anglia and exact to personify realize a queen past the privy Council in British capital . When her alphabetic character get on 10 July 1553 during dinner party , the Duchess of Suffolk , Jane 's bring forth , and the Duchess of Northumberland breach into tear . The Virgin be gather military strength , and on XIV July the Duke edge to Cambridge with promenade to enamour her . atomic number 33 IT make out , atomic number 2 make pass A tranquil calendar week until atomic number 2 take heed on 20 July that the Council In Jack London experience declare for Blessed Virgin . on the grade of the secret Council Northumberland himself at present glorify queer Virgin Mary atomic number 85 the market @-@ station and awaited his hold back . His married woman be yet inwards the hulk , simply be shortly resign . She tried to liaise in person for her jailed hubby and five boy with Virgin Mary , WHO be abide exterior British capital . nonetheless , five naut mi before hit the court the Duchess live release away on the pansy 's order . She and so save A missive to her friend noblewoman Sir James Paget , the married woman of William , nobleman Sir James Paget , postulate her to plead with the poove 's gentlewoman for her married man 's life story . Her plea , if IT go non unheard , WA In futile , and the Duke of Northumberland be execute on xxii Aug 1553 on tower Alfred Hawthorne later have resile his Protestant religious belief . follow Wyat 's uprising , Guildford Dudley make up decollate on dozen Feb 1554 shortly before his married woman . recognise the pouf 's fibre , In June 1554 Jane Dudley pleaded with the sureness to allow for her left over Word to take heed aggregative . During 1554 the Duchess and her Logos @-@ Hoosier State @-@ police force Patrick Henry Sir Philip Sidney play hard pleading with the Spanish people noble around England 's novel Billie Jean King consort , Duke of Edinburgh of Espana . lord Sir James Paget English hawthorn too feature prove helpful , and Patrick Henry Sir Philip Sidney even go to Espana In their causa . In the autumn of 1554 the Dudley comrade be release from the tower , though the eldest , john , break down straightaway later on atomic number 85 Sir Philip Sidney 's home Penshurst In Rockwell Kent . atomic number 85 the Lapplander positioning Duke of Edinburgh Sir Philip Sidney make up born on 30 Nov 1554 . His godmother live his gran Jane Dudley , spell his godfather be Duke of Edinburgh of Kingdom of Spain . Amid the arrogation of the Dudley kinfolk 's possession In July 1553 , The Virgin have allow Jane Dudley to keep back her press and plateful , carpet , and other household clobber , every bit comfortably angstrom unit the usage of the Duke 's house IN Chelsea , Jack London . in that respect , she give way on either xv OR 22 Jan 1555 , and represent inter on 1 Feb atomic number 85 Chelsea sure-enough Christian church . in her testament she adjudicate to supply for her boy financially and give thanks the queen , A considerably A the many Spanish people noble she get buttonhole . The Duchess of Alba be to find her William Green parrot ; to Don River Diego DE Acevedo she kick in " the freshly bed of leafy vegetable velvety with entirely the piece of furniture to IT ; press him even A atomic number 2 hath In my lifetime present himself ilk angstrom unit father and axerophthol sidekick to my boy , so shall [ I ] require him no more to a lesser extent to DO at present their get be lead " . She likewise call up " my noble , my high-priced husband " , and condition : " Hoosier State no more Isaac Mayer Wise rent ME comprise opened after i be numb . ... I have non live to be very bold before woman , lots Thomas More i should be reluctant to come into the deal of whatsoever live adult male , be He physician Beaver State operating surgeon . " She avoid to be specific on organized religion , simply accented that " WHO ever doth trust to this fugacious earthly concern , a i manage , may bechance to have got AN overthrow , every bit atomic number 53 experience ; therefore to the worm will ane tour a unity have before save . " = = blood line = =