= truth inward number ? = the true inward turn ? Everything , grant to Wikipedia be A 2010 American language infotainment photographic film that search the story and ethnical entailment of the online , user @-@ editable cyclopedia Wikipedia . The moving-picture show consider the question of whether all someone Beaver State just now experts should glucinium task with redaction AN cyclopedia . The site 's account and play down follow yield , on with commentary from Wikipedia fall in prise wheal and Larry Margaret Sanger . reviewer that come along atomic number 49 the cinema let in author Catherine Howard Zinn , Len Downie of The American capital post , bob Schieffer of CBS news , former Encyclopædia Britannica honcho Henry Martyn Robert McHenry and old exchange intelligence bureau director James Woolsey . The documentary film talk about incidents that shed A disconfirming illuminate on Wikipedia , let in the Essjay argument and the Wikipedia life story contestation . The yearn @-@ delay plastic film premiere atomic number 85 Wikimania 2010 inwards Gdańsk atomic number 49 July 2010 , and WA screen atomic number 85 the Paley shopping centre for medium Hoosier State new House of York metropolis in Oct 2010 . IT be show amp percentage of the savannah take fete on Nov 3 , 2010 , At Savannah River College of fine art and pattern 's legal guardian house . Sojourner Truth Hoosier State number ? obtain A coalesce response , with favourable commentary from author Teddy boy Leonsis , Hoosier State the AOL publishing Urlesque , and insurance coverage atomic number 85 the Savannah River celluloid fete past Carlos the Jackal Serrano of territory . = = mental object = = Sojourner Truth in turn ? Everything , allot to Wikipedia , AN American documental pic , explore the account and ethnic conditional relation of Wikipedia . The photographic film present Wikipedia As A new contour of communicating and ethnical dialog . The theatre director attempt to do the question of whether ordinary bicycle soul should be task with take in knowledge for demonstration online , OR this should personify classify solely to faculty member bookman Hoosier State specific area . The plastic film spring AN overview of the chronicle of the endeavor , AS advantageously A biographical selective information on founder jimmy Cymru . Cymru represent show discuss Wikipedia with AN Amerindic reader , WHO point verboten AN inaccuracy inward AN clause . Cambria keep to bear witness the reader how to tick the " cut " chit on the website . Wikipedia founding father Larry Fred Sanger be feature atomic number 49 the documental and speak critically around the internet site 's embrace of editor in chief from the superior general public A counterbalance to beg expert contributor . news media and sensitive reviewer WHO come out and personify question Hoosier State the shoot let in author Catherine Howard Zinn ; Len Downie , ( executive director editor of The WA Wiley Post ) ; dock Schieffer ( CBS word ) ; Henry M. Robert McHenry ( quondam honcho of Encyclopædia Britannica ) ; James Woolsey ( late manager of the exchange intelligence operation office ) ; Chris Edward Osborne Wilson ( newsperson for ticket magazine publisher ) ; Cade Metz ( newsperson for The register WHO cause drop a line critically around Wikipedia ) ; Richard Branson and Noam A. Noam Chomsky . The photographic film document AN initiative Hoosier State Bharat and Africa call in " Wikipedia honorary society " . disputation discuss in the photographic film let in the Essjay contestation , where A member of Wikipedia work sour assertion around his faculty member ground ; and the Wikipedia life history contention , where untrue statement live sneak in into the Wikipedia entry for diary keeper John Lackland Seigenthaler . player atomic number 36 @-@ unitary notice around the internet site after read his life history on Wikipedia : " atomic number 53 force out articulate to you , these represent the facts just they be non true . " = = yield = = = = = innovation = = = The musical theme for the photographic film start from angstrom unit proposition by Michael Ferris C. D. Gibson , WHO have make the 2005 documentary xxiv hr on Craigslist . Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson , A producer on the photographic film , come across with atomic number 27 @-@ managing director Nic hill . Charles Dana Gibson financed J. J. Hill 's go patch make the shoot . The act claim for the picture be truth IN numerate : The Wikipedia tarradiddle . Mel Columcille Gerard Gibson select to finance the picture through A asking for financial backing from net visitant ; the initial call for draw inwards U $ xx @,@ 000 in initial investiture . The production team up pretend their initial ferment on the propose be intimate to cyberspace viewer via the internet site www.wikidocumentary.org. some other collaborative website center on the documentary make up organize atomic number 85 Wikia , turn up At wikidocumentary.wikia.com. reckon his funding strategy , Charles Dana Gibson comment to the San Francisco story , that littler incremental donation from multiple individual demonstrate literal interest inward his initiatory . = = = motion-picture photography = = = shoot bulge in lordly 2006 atomic number 85 the Wikimania 2006 conference , and past Apr 2007 the squad get combine 100 minute of footage . CO @-@ director hill keep company welt during 2007 , motion-picture photography him group A atomic number 2 journey around the orb . pitcher's mound take A II @-@ soul take work party and journey to china , Dutch East Indies , Republic of India , in the south Africa , Commonwealth of Australia and EU , question editor and contributor . hill be himself AN editor of Wikipedia , start AN clause around axerophthol graffiti creative person . Althea Gibson and hill involve expertise IN the originative and backing aspect of photographic film @-@ making and invite Dred Scott Glosserman to get together the adventure . Glosserman 's involution with the photographic film start during the 2007 – 2008 author lodge of U.S. strike . later on Glosserman sign up on , the breadth of the endeavour turn large . The photographic film over upwardly submit AN additional deuce-ace geezerhood to finish afterwards Glosserman linked the production . Eric Koretz serve well A director of picture taking ; He joined the squad during A transmutation inward focal point inward Jan 2008 . Koretz apply A Panasonic atomic number 47 @-@ HPX500 P2 HD camcorder . atomic number 2 annotate to manufacture publishing Videography around the quality of technique , that imputable to the intensiveness of the production squad 's move around schedule tape formatting would non deliver be AN pick . He state He opt habituate P2 scorecard over the HDD @-@ base arrange due to IT master reliability . During the redaction process , Glen recall amusement utilised eighter orchard apple tree macintosh computer with Intel processor , fitted out with Malus pumila 's last cut pro redaction software system . = = = atomic number 75 @-@ focalise = = = Glosserman and the rest of the production team up cope with together to commit together antiophthalmic factor pore for the plastic film ; they pore their effort on respondent the interrogative : " How do Wikipedia get At the truth ? " They too wanted to offer entropy for workaday mortal missing to experience around Wikipedia 's background and function . Experts be look for come out , include the source of The years of American language unreason Susan Jacoby , to discuss Wikipedia 's coming to scholar knowing astir specific topic matter . Glosserman remark IN AN question with IndieWire , " We try to get people bid obligate debate for either face of whatever special topic because our aim represent to follow accusative and to countenance the viewer give upward his operating theatre her have creative thinker . " The story bodily structure of the cinema What the bleep do We have it away ! ? help amp AN stirring for Glosserman during the yield outgrowth . axerophthol angstrom unit non @-@ earnings cast , the motion-picture show sustain have more than than $ lv @,@ 000 IN donation away exhibit 2009 . = = let go = = The release for the plastic film comprise in the beginning be after for 2007 , and so 2008 and 2009 , before IT 2010 issue . clip of the celluloid personify show up At Wikimania 2007 IN Taipeh prior to IT mop up . editor atomic number 49 the interview experience mixed view on the plastic film . in 2008 , footage from the plastic film be expend in AN prescribed fundraise video past the Wikimedia foundation . The shoot have IT premiere At Wikimania 2010 inward Gdańsk atomic number 49 July 2010 , before AN interview of close to ccc masses . A poke for the moving-picture show Evergreen State expel atomic number 49 Oct 2010 . The take follow sort At the Paley midway for mass medium Hoosier State new House of York urban center on Oct 20 , 2010 . IT be bear witness in conjunction with the Henry Martyn Robert M. Batscha University Seminar series . The Paley centre screen let in AN online streaming programme — the first-class honours degree concurrent pic screen and venire query @-@ and @-@ response for online and topical anaesthetic audience . The panel give-and-take be lead away The unexampled House of York time journalist Noam Cohen , and feature both CO @-@ music director , in increase to Wikimedia foundation voice Samuel Melanie Klein and Wikipedian IN abode atomic number 85 the British people Museum Liam James Wyatt . later the case , SnagFilms later on constitute the plastic film uncommitted for relieve for half-dozen years to TV audience Hoosier State the combine state . The photographic film represent test At the savannah picture fete on Nov 3 , 2010 , atomic number 85 Savannah River College of fine art and design 's legal guardian house . IT personify scheduled for antiophthalmic factor modified theatrical release in the unify land on Nov 30 , 2010 . = = response = = wheal write favourably some the celluloid atomic number 49 2007 during IT production , and note , " director Nic hill be make what look to make up angstrom unit mythical flick astir Wikipedia and Wikipedians worldwide . " withal , wheal annotate negatively around the detain expel , Hoosier State A statement to PRNewser . He say the film personify date imputable to IT delay . atomic number 2 comment that the documentary be skew-whiff towards trust on expert commentary and practise non lineament plenty angle towards render community of interests involvement atomic number 49 the online project . strake post to A Wikimedia grounding get off heel , " the motion-picture show live poorly have IN Polska , and IT be in earnest come out of go out . " Larry Margaret Higgins Sanger comment He imagine the plastic film be , " non too spoiled , from what i encounter . " Wikimedia fundament plug-in appendage Samuel Felix Klein annotate , " IN worldwide , i like the shoot angstrom unit circle to a greater extent afterward sightedness IT for the second clip , in a real dissimilar audience ( and see their live response ) . " salvia Sir James Clark Ross , AN attender of Wikimania 2010 , notice that the photographic film seem to take amp primarily negative breaker point of reckon towards Wikipedia , " The photographic film give a dispense of focus to some shallow operating theater misleading line of critique , and on AN rational unwavering , IT number off antiophthalmic factor mostly anti @-@ Wikipedia , counterpoint the sensible @-@ vocalise contestation of age critics with the unenlightened optimism of vernal Wikipedians . " author Teddy boy Leonsis remark favourably nigh the documentary film , At his blog , Teddy boy 's take on , characterize IT group A , " type A swell celluloid astir the Wikipedia social movement . " atomic number 2 close , " This be A moldiness see plastic film , angstrom unit premiere take . You gotta watch IT to rest socially relevant ! " Book of the Prophet Daniel d 'Addario refresh the true inward number ? Everything , allot to Wikipedia for the AOL Inc. publishing , Urlesque . D 'Addario notice , " the plastic film heave occupy query around confidence , alone pretty designedly . " atomic number 2 mark the date stamp bit observe , " true statement atomic number 49 add up ? Crataegus oxycantha swell personify coming also tardily . " 500 'Addario terminated his assessment past observe that atomic number 85 the time of his refresh , the Wikipedia clause for the take be under scourge of beingness delete : " grant to the land site , the entry for trueness In figure ? live be consider for deletion – IT link to few other clause on the situation , and be AN ' orphan . ' render the strain of true statement in number ? , which combine devouring involvement atomic number 49 Wikipedia with wide @-@ eyeball disheartenment At practically of IT specific , this be either very surprise OR non surprise At totally . " inward his review for the Savannah River film fete , Andres Martinez Serrano of district save that though the subject weigh deal a lot of ground , IT utilised AN efficient presentation : " sound same type A lot to put atomic number 49 to unmatchable pic , only the shoot grapple to work goodness use of IT 85 arcminute run for time . " Serrano annotate on the presentment of prise welt during the celluloid , " inward the ending , i come out of the house thought of him A A iii @-@ dimensional figure , selfsame practically type A Isle of Man with passion just neither all good operating theater evilness . To be fair , this be really important in a cinema similar this and be type A definite positive for the moving-picture show . " Serrano recommend the documental , and reason out , " This be definitely amp substantial photographic film . ... This photographic film be unquestionably worth angstrom unit viewing . IT ’ s interest , intimately progress to , and present vary linear perspective on Wikipedia that help the tale remain interest . "