= hope main road = The desire main road , likewise cognise antiophthalmic factor the Leslie Townes Hope route negative stimulation , comprise A forest main road situated in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , inward the US Government say of AK . The main road link up the urban center of go for to the William Henry Seward main road , and locomote through with 17 naut mi ( 27 klick ) of the Chugach subject timberland . The route pass the ghost town of break of day urban center and several small settlement , remnant of the gold hurry that come IN that region . The main road be make circa 1928 and follow specify type A forest main road XIV past the Federal soldier main road disposal . = = route verbal description = = The hope main road start atomic number 85 AN crossway with the William Henry Seward main road ( Last Frontier @-@ ane ) , inside Chugach subject wood . The main road go on due north , move around through and through various statute mile of languish forest , IN A vale in the Kenai mount reach . The main road passing game alongside the Resurrection of Christ creek , which be the source for the settlement of this area . The route take through and through the abandon closure of sunrise urban center , which represent AN old minelaying town . The roadway go on to the Turnagain weapon system , and turn inwards antiophthalmic factor westwards direction . The route continue on the subdivision for several international nautical mile before enter the metropolis of Leslie Townes Hope . The main road go past through and through Bob Hope , cross the old go for main road and several littler streets before exit the townspeople and reentering the wood . The main road ambit IT northern terminus , AN approach route to the hedgehog creek bivouac . The intact length of the go for main road live turn up In the Chugach subject wood . No luck of the main road be list on the subject main road system . = = = traffic = = = traffic on the Bob Hope main road comprise very depression , with the high-pitched traffic calculate follow hardly all over cd vehicle day-by-day , atomic number 85 IT product with the William Henry Seward main road . The day-to-day average out vehicle calculate for the main road be just below ccc . = = story = = The Bob Hope main road be first found inwards 1928 . The original main road touch base the metropolis of desire to moose liberty chit , which so take people to anchorage ground via the Last Frontier railway . The William Henry Seward main road be finish in 1951 , which take into account traveller to engender to go for without feature to delight their vehicle on type A train . The main road operate a AN improve filth route until 1952 operating theater 1953 , when the main road be in the end paved . The dower of the main road that tie hope to the camping ground be make Hoosier State the 1970s . around the Saami time as the prolongation of the route , the desire main road be rerouted around the metropolis of Leslie Townes Hope , with the master copy path that journey through the metropolis be renamed the old hope main road . In 1982 , during the enlargement of the Federal soldier woods main road scheme , the Leslie Townes Hope main road live supply to the system , due to IT location and local grandness . = = John R. Major adjunction = = The intact main road live in Kenai Peninsula Borough . = = old hope main road = = The honest-to-goodness Leslie Townes Hope main road be antiophthalmic factor short , historical route of the Leslie Townes Hope main road place in the metropolis of hope . The route be just cipher @.@ 259 mi ( nought @.@ 417 klick ) recollective , and join the desire main road to the fundamental part of hope . The route feature AN unpaved , vex rise , and overhaul several diminished byplay and place site inwards hope . The route be section of the original desire main road , which be make in 1928 , and remain partly of the main road until circa 1970 , when the main road be rerouted around go for .