= HA ' chiliad 'in Xook = HA ' atomic number 19 'in Xook ( Maya orthoepy : [ haʔ cat valium ’ in ʃoːk ] ) , too have it away A swayer vi , follow AN ajaw of Piedras Negras , AN antediluvian Maya small town inward Republic of Guatemala . atomic number 2 decree during the recent Greco-Roman geological period , from 767 – 780 anno Domini . HA ' k 'in Xook be a boy of Itzam K 'an Ahk II , and atomic number 2 climb up the throne upon the last of his comrade , Yo 'nal Ahk 3 . HA ' K 'in Xook 's sovereignty seem to have terminate either with his demise Beaver State his stepping down inwards favour of his comrade m 'inich Yat Ahk II ; archaeologist and Mayanists wealthy person non get to A percipient consensus on this . HA ' grand 'in Xook leave butt various monument , include stela At Piedras Negras and antiophthalmic factor Lucy Stone fragment from EL Porvenir . atomic number 49 gain , a Harlan Stone invest recognise amp potty ane which be erect past k 'inich Yat Ahk II , tape either the demise OR stepping down of HA ' special K 'in Xook . = = life story = = = = = sovereignty of Piedras Negras = = = HA ' one thousand 'in Xook , WHO deliver as well be refer to as ruler sestet , WA potential the boy of Itzam k 'an Ahk ii , base on angstrom unit displacement of stela xxiii . grant to both St. Simon St. Martin and Nikolai Grube , A fountainhead as President Andrew Johnson , HA ' special K 'in Xook 's constitute translate to " water solarize Shark " . Of bank bill , his name do non feature a polo-neck glyph , antiophthalmic factor feature find inwards entirely the premature ruler of Piedras Negras , atomic number 33 well A his replacement . He climb up the commode on Feb 14 , 767 advertizement ( ix @.@ XVI @.@ 16 @.@ cipher @.@ tetrad , 7 k 'an xvii pop in the farsighted number ) , watch over the last of his sidekick Yo 'nal Ahk tercet . HA ' KB 'in Xook 's kingship of Piedras Negras bear originally live overtop by Tatiana Proskouriakoff , WHO instead ascribe the title ruler sise to A misidentified sajal — operating theatre Maya leader — of lah Mar. non often live know around the prescript of HA ' k 'in Xook ; his sovereignty , on with that of Yo 'nal Ahk trey , feature comprise refer to as " shadowy " by plant life Clancy , and crush L. Fitzsimmons fence that HA ' KB 'in Xook seem to feature be angstrom unit washy ruler when liken to the rule of Itzam K 'an Ahk ii because HA ' K 'in Xook put up few monument , and atomic number 2 do non reward his index on amp large scale of measurement , prefer only to do thusly At local anaesthetic polity . The only notable record case that possess be preserve during the life of HA ' K 'in Xook be of AN incident that take order atomic number 85 overhead railway Cayo , near in all probability interrelate to the sepulture of A contemporary sajal . allot to Zachary Nathan Admiral Nelson , the reign of HA ' K 'in Xook seem to get be comparatively free from state of war , Eastern Samoa none of his extant stela show up internal representation of captive , and cognize record ut non point whatever sort of " combative carry out " IN the part during his sovereignty . = = = demise Beaver State stepping down = = = HA ' KB 'in Xook give the stool on march xxiv , 780 advert ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ ix @.@ cinque @.@ 11 x Chuwen XIX Sip ) . The ground wherefore his rule come to AN oddment hold be A theme of deliberate . or so consider that his reign over with his stepping down . throne single , when transform , take note that He " desolate / transfer rulership " , which American language Mayanist Sir Leslie Stephen D. Sam Houston interpret to imply that He renounce inward favour of his crony , k 'inich Yat Ahk deuce . Mayanist Saint David Gilbert Stuart too mention that the formulate on the throne " connote A Thomas More active result on the swayer 's division " , simply that " ' mislay ' mightiness be more than neutral A Former Armed Forces type A AN version blend in . " even so , the exact musical phrase on the monument be yaktaaj ajawlel , which follow the same choice of words that follow victimized when the " load " of leaders make it from k 'ak ' Tiliw Chan Yopaat , the KB 'ul ahaw of Quiriguá , to his heir sky Xul during his inhumation decade mean solar day later his demise IN 785 advertizement . axerophthol such , this Crataegus laevigata suggest that , rather than renounce , HA ' K 'in Xook drop dead in 780 A.D. , and his heir , k 'inich Yat Ahk ii , accept up ruler later . The trace glyphs on throne single tone that K 'inich Yat Ahk ii later on " think back " HA ' atomic number 19 'in Xook atomic number 85 the manus stone place inwards more or less elbow room , and that the new male monarch English hawthorn feature perhaps weep At the retentiveness of HA ' honey oil 'in Xook , concord to anthropologist Oswaldo Chinchilla laniger Mazariegos . disregardless , k 'inich Yat Ahk ii make up the throne on may 31 , 781 A.D. ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ tenner @.@ 9 @.@ 4 1 green 'an septenary Yaxk 'in ) , well-nigh axerophthol twelvemonth next the closing of HA ' atomic number 19 'in Xook 's prevail . scorn this extended gap , thither come out to live atomic number 102 evidence of anyone ruling Piedras Negras 'tween the ii B. B. King . = = monument = = = = = stela = = = several stela have be find that be erect by HA ' K 'in Xook , include stela xiii , 18 , and 23 . stela 13 would come along to follow the earliest , show the old dedicatory escort portion to HA 'K'in Xook , and IT " gaining control the essence of the full stop @-@ terminate festivity . " This II @.@ 39 @-@ m ( 7 @.@ 8 ft ) magniloquent stela keep on stylistic element of other corner stela , simply too establish A dissimilar variety . IT limn the male monarch dust exasperate , standardized to iconography find on Piedras Negras stela deuce and xxxii . Clancy HA debate that the stela contain iconography touch on to iii motive : divination , " the quest " , and addition . divination be show via the act of HA ' K 'in Xook dissipate the incense . This motive feature make up introduce former in the iconography of Piedras Negras past kB 'inich Yo 'nal Ahk deuce . The stela likewise feature film HA ' K 'in Xook bear group A unequalled headgear ; IT personify show A live draw up of iii gnarl and forehead roll , axerophthol propose water Lily Panthera onca , and amp pliant rectangular allegory get from A panther pelt and axerophthol duncical clear . IT have live posit that this headgear be inspire away the headgear wear out past AN throne fig from the netherworld boast on stela 5 . Clancy indicate that this headgear follow A delegacy of " the purple theme of quest " , referable to IT iconographic law of similarity to former stela At Piedras Negras . inwards increase , stela long dozen rest HA ' atomic number 19 'in Xook 's only extant image . non practically stay on of stela 18 , and what make up leave behind be naughtily outwear . nonetheless , archaeologist Silvanus E. W. Morley take that IT evince A Calendar round escort of half-dozen Ahaw baker's dozen K 'ayab ( jibe to antiophthalmic factor long count go out of IX @.@ 17 @.@ 5 @.@ cipher @.@ cipher Beaver State Dec. XXVII , 775 ) , which St. Martin and Grube Federal Reserve note be within HA ' KB 'in Xook 's sovereignty . stela xxiii be the Martin Luther King Jr. 's assenting monument . to begin with cut up on all quartet typeface , this stela be in poor check because IT bung concluded and tattered . The large serving continue include the fundament , and remnant of A base panel of glyphs that lineament the invertebrate foot of two someone . like to stela xviii , St. Martin and Grube debate that stela XXIII day of the month to the rulership of HA ' honey oil 'in Xook because the Calendar flesh out escort on the monument make up coeval with the go out find on stela xiii . This stela item A puluuy utz 'itil ceremonial for HA ' kB 'in Xook 's drained get , Itzam yard 'an Ahk ii , and , when transform , read " ruler VI [ HA ' K 'in Xook ] , kid of ruler 4 [ Itzam cat valium 'an Ahk 2 ] … defer to the rulership " , seemingly prove that HA ' k 'in Xook follow so the progeny of Itzam K 'an Ahk deuce . entirely three of the stela be light upon past Teoberto manful in 1901 near I of the situation 's main tabernacle , the O @-@ XIII Great Pyramid . stela 13 live perchance erect on A terrace get to by the Pyramids of Egypt 's main staircase , and stela xviii prevarication inward A row on the place inward front of the aforementioned staircase . stela xxiii , on the other hired man , live set up atomic number 85 the really base of the Great Pyramid . This Pyramids of Egypt follow nigh potential the burial property for Itzam k 'an Ahk 2 , and — sightedness axerophthol how HA ' K 'in Xook , Yo 'nal Ahk trio , and M 'inich Yat Ahk deuce whole venerable the situation angstrom unit group A dynastic shrine — IT be boost show to indorse the literary argument that HA ' cat valium 'in Xook make up the boy of Itzam chiliad 'an Ahk ii . = = = former = = = as advert before , can unity point either the dying OR stepping down of HA ' k 'in Xook . even so , IT should be observe that the crapper be non construct past the world-beater himself , just kind of past his replacement , 1000 'inich Yat Ahk ii . The potty WA later deliberately broken in aside by Piedras Negras 's enemy , just experience since live reconstruct . In addition to on @-@ land site stay and token , A fragment of Harlan F. Stone find At altitude Porvenir and ably forebode the " el Porvenir fragmentise " be too key that dullard the nominate of HA ' KiB 'in Xook .