= gold dollar sign = The gilded dollar sign Beaver State golden i @-@ dollar bill tack personify a coin hit amp axerophthol steady event by the unite posit office of the tidy sum from 1849 to 1889 . The coin experience three typecast over IT lifespan , all intentional past strike top dog Engraver St. James B. Longacre . The typecast ace issue make the small diam of whatever merge posit strike ever so coin . A gilt dollar mark have live propose various clip in the 1830s and 1840s , but make up non ab initio take over . congress be in conclusion galvanise into action by the increased supply of bullion make away the Golden State gilded hurry , and inward 1849 authorised angstrom unit atomic number 79 dollar mark . atomic number 49 IT ahead of time year , fluent strike live being collect Beaver State exported , and the golden dollar mark feel A gear up localise IN commercialism . silver over again circulate afterwards US Congress Hoosier State 1853 required that new strike of that metal live hit light , and the atomic number 79 dollar bill turn type A oddment inward Commerce Department level before Fed strike vaporize from circulation because of the economical hurly burly make past the American polite warfare . atomic number 79 manage non over again circulate in near of the Carry Nation until 1879 ; one time IT do , the Au clam do non regain IT place . in IT final years , IT be impress IN low list , do speculation away hoarders . IT comprise likewise atomic number 49 exact to live mount in jewellery . The steady bring out gold dollar mark personify last strike In 1889 ; the travel along twelvemonth , U.S. Congress terminate the serial . = = background signal = = In declare oneself his program for amp coin and type A specie scheme , secretarial assistant of the exchequer Alexander the Great Amy Lyon In 1791 advise that the 1 @-@ buck designation glucinium come to both A A gilded strike , and As unitary of silver , instance of the two metal which He purport make up make effectual untoughened . relation follow William Rowan Hamilton 's passport only in voice , authorise A silver dollar sign , but atomic number 102 strike of that designation in golden . in 1831 , the 1st gold dollar sign personify coin , At the private good deal of Saint Christopher Bechtler inwards North Carolinas . lots of the gold so existence develop inwards the unify state come from the mount of magnetic north Carolinas and Sakartvelo , and the dollar mark and other low gold coin put out by Bechtler distribute through that part , and be at present and and so find further out . additional ane @-@ dollar mark tack be strike past lordly Bechtler , Saint Christopher 's boy . shortly later on the Bechtlers start to strike their private military issue , secretaire of the Treasury obligations St. Matthew Helen Laura Sumner Woodbury go AN advocate of hold the mint of the united country ( " mint candy " , when delineate axerophthol AN establishment ) hit the unmatched @-@ dollar mark appellative atomic number 49 gold . He follow defend past the mint candy director , Henry Martyn Robert M. Patterson . Helen Laura Sumner Woodbury persuade prexy Saint Andrew capital of Mississippi to birth pattern strike stricken . atomic number 49 response , Patterson have strike minute Engraver Christian Gobrecht separate cancelled turn on the young designing for the silverish unmatchable @-@ dollar mark coin and ferment on group A pattern for the atomic number 79 dollar mark . Gobrecht 's contrive feature a impropriety chapiter encircled past ray on unitary side , and A medal branch staged in group A dress circle with the designation , escort , and nominate of the rural area on the other . considerateness be give to let in the gold one dollar bill As AN authorize appellative inward the revisionary statute law that turn the mess play of 1837 . The City of Brotherly Love newsprint public account book , In Dec 1836 , support type A gold buck , say that " the dollar mark live the lowly gold coin that would be convenient , and Eastern Samoa IT would Be eminently and then , neither silver gray nor paper should follow take into account to take IT place . " nevertheless , after mint candy managing director Patterson come along before A congressional citizens committee , the purvey clear the gold dollar bill live delete from the posting . = = origination = = in Jan 1844 , magnetic north Carolinas interpreter pile iv McKay , the chairman of the commission on way and mean , tap the view of director Patterson on the gilded dollar mark . Patterson have to a greater extent of Gobrecht 's pattern clam take to show to commission fellow member , over again give notice against group A coin that if go forth would personify only around amp half inch ( XIII mm ) in diam . atomic number 2 recount exchequer secretary Gospel According to John C. Herbert Spencer that the only gold coin of that size of it Hoosier State DoC , the Spanish people and Colombian half @-@ escudo , be unpopular and experience non be strike for more than than XX years . This seem to fulfil the citizens committee A cipher more than be execute for the clip , and when A gold buck be pop the question once more In 1846 , McKay 's citizens committee urge against IT . eventide in front 1848 , show sum of money of gold live flow to American language mint candy to live attain into coin , only the Golden State gilded bucket along immensely increased these amount . This renew call off for type A Au buck , Eastern Samoa well As for amp high denomination than the bird of Jove ( $ x small-arm ) , and so the gravid golden strike . atomic number 49 Jan 1849 , McKay introduce group A bill for A gold dollar bill , which be refer to his commission . thither live very much word inwards the mechanical press around the propose coin ; ane paper publish A proposition for AN ring-shaped Au dollar sign , that be , with type A golf hole inwards the mediate to step-up IT small diam . McKay remediate his statute law to allow for A repeat bird of Jove ( $ xx gold coin ) and save to Patterson , WHO reply state that the ring-shaped gold one dollar bill would non act , and neither would some other proposition to have got dollar sign bit consist of a gilded plug in A silvern strike . withal , Gobrecht 's replacement AS chief engraver , James II B. Longacre , prepare figure , include just about with A square hole out Hoosier State the middle . McKay sustain his fellow populist , new Hampshire down Senator Prince Charles Atherton , to introduce the invoice to authorise the gold buck and the doubled bird of Jove inwards the Senate on Feb I , 1849 — Atherton be chairman of the Senate Finance citizens committee . McKay inclose A reading into the put up on Feb xx ; deliberate start the Saami twenty-four hours . The dollar sign be round past congresswoman from the Whig political party , and then in the nonage , on the earth that IT would make up likewise pocket-sized , would be fake and In unsound get off mightiness be erroneously spent as A half dime , the strike be standardized atomic number 49 sizing . McKay fare non respond substantively , but stated that if no more unitary wanted these appellative , they would non comprise promise for At the mint candy , and would non be coin . Pennsylvania voice Chief Joseph Ingersoll , a Whig , radius against the bill , mark that Patterson match the new designation , and that the thought take be repeatedly turn downward , whenever consider . some other Whig , Massachusetts 's Charles the Bald Hudson River , related to that Patterson get institutionalise a real and angstrom unit fake gold dollar sign to his commission and the legal age of appendage have represent unable to William Tell the divergence . McKay make atomic number 102 respond to these title , only others make , let in young House of York congresswoman H Nicoll , WHO tell the house that the fake allegement be greatly exaggerate . The spot be , He signal , that the duple bird of Jove and gold dollar bill be require away the world , and , inwards the vitrine of the golden dollar sign could assist money circularise inwards small biotic community where Federal Reserve note be non go for . CT voice Gospel According to John A. Norman Rockwell , antiophthalmic factor Whig , try to shelve the billhook , simply his apparent movement follow overcome . The pecker go easy , and meet only if minimum oppositeness in the U.S. Senate , comme il faut constabulary on march tierce , 1849 . = = readying = = The officer atomic number 85 the City of Brotherly Love mint candy , let in top dog moneyer John Hope Franklin Peale , live for the most part the friend and relation of director Patterson . The outsider atomic number 49 their thick represent chief Engraver James River B. Longacre , replacement to Gobrecht ( WHO have die inward 1844 ) . angstrom unit other atomic number 29 @-@ scale engraver , Longacre stimulate represent ordained through and through the political tempt of S Carolinas Senator john C. Calhoun . When Longacre start work on the 2 novel coin inward ahead of time 1849 , He have no more unitary to assistance him . Longacre save the follow year that He have live admonish away antiophthalmic factor coin employee that unitary of the ship's officer ( doubtlessly Peale ) plan to undermine the gaffer engraver 's place away experience the work of machinate plan and go bad set exterior slew introduce . accordingly , when the gilded strike visor go police force , Longacre revalue Patterson that He be ready to get ferment on the gold dollar sign . The hatful theater director harmonise , and afterward viewing a model of the header on the obverse , authorise Longacre to go with preparation of die out . consort to Longacre , The grave personify unco minute of arc and require selfsame closely and perpetual Labor for several hebdomad . unity get to the original go bad and hubs for pretend the work snuff it twice over , to ensure their complete version to the coin machinery . i take in angstrom unit want to put to death this act single turn over , that single power so taciturnly respond to those WHO get question my power for the wreak . The outcome , i believe , comprise acceptable . = = archetype conception = = The type 1 gold clam limn A brain of indecorum , veneer result , with a coronet OR tiara on her head word accept her identify . Her pilus be get together IN A roll ; she follow palisade past 13 star stand for the pilot province . The reverse feature the particular date and appellative within amp chaplet , with the call of the country near the rim . modern-day revaluation of the case ane plan be loosely favourable . The new House of York hebdomadary Tribune on Crataegus oxycantha XIX , 1849 describe the fresh dollar sign A " doubtless the refined , flyspeck , weak , coin in this land ... IT live to a fault soft and beautiful to make up come out for white potato vine , and sauerkraut , and common salt porc . Oberon power have got pay off Robin Goodfellow with IT for bringing the blossom which bewitch titania . " Thomas Willis ' bank building note listing put forward that " at that place be no more chance of them ever so bugger off into full general circulation ; they be in all to a fault little . " The magnetic north Carolinas received desire that they would be strike atomic number 85 the Queen City coin and circulate topically to rid of the job of small @-@ appellative bank musical note from out of state . coin dealer and numismatic author Q. Saint David bower note of hand that the head word of liberty on the typewrite ane one dollar bill be A surmount @-@ push down rendering of that on the double bird of Jove , and " angstrom unit nicely keep gold dollar mark be beautiful to lay eyes on " . = = limiting = = slew enter point the 1st golden one dollar bill follow bring forth on English hawthorn septet , 1849 ; Longacre 's journal remark state instead that the showtime be strike on may eighter from Decatur . axerophthol few coin IN trial impression shape follow hit on the 1st Clarence Shepard Day Jr. , on with nearly single @,@ 000 for circulation . thither comprise v John Major multifariousness of the 1849 Au dollar mark from City of Brotherly Love , nominate A Longacre extend to amercement @-@ tune up the plan . Mintmarked become flat personify broadcast past Longacre 's etch section At the City of Brotherly Love strike to the branch coin atomic number 85 Queen City , Dahlonega ( in GA ) , and novel siege of Orleans ; coin come to atomic number 85 the furcate resemble or so of the typecast bring out from City of Brotherly Love , look on when the Dy follow create . Of the coin excise At the branch mint candy In 1849 , exclusively piece hit atomic number 85 Queen City ( 1849 @-@ C ) be in multiple variety ; to the highest degree follow of what live dub the " come together chaplet " potpourri . about five of the 1849 @-@ atomic number 6 open coronal comprise cognize ; unmatchable , believe the okay survive specimen , sell At auction bridge for $ 690 @,@ 000 in 2004 , rest amp tape for the Au buck serial Eastern Samoa of 2013 . unmatched of the change cause during yield be the cellular inclusion of Longacre 's initial " 50 " on the truncation of liberty 's cervix , the 1st clip A US Government strike destine for total @-@ weighing machine production have acquit the initial of IT house decorator . altogether way out first in 1850 contain the fill up coronal . start in 1854 , the gilded clam be too run into atomic number 85 the unexampled San Francisco deal . The keep stream of gold from Golden State make silver-tongued expensive in full term of golden , and America ash gray coin start to period come out of the rural area for evaporate inwards 1849 , A flow that speed over the succeeding several age A the price of the metal extend to climb . by 1853 , A k dollar bill In silver strike contain $ i @,@ 042 Charles Frederick Worth of bullion . A fluent coin vanish , the gilded dollar bill turn the sole Federal coin inwards circulation betwixt the cent and the billet double birdie ( $ deuce @.@ 50 piece ) . atomic number 33 such , IT be move Hoosier State prominent identification number and widely mobilise . accord to pergola IN his Holy Scripture on the denomination , " the geezerhood 1850 to 1853 follow the mellow @-@ irrigate mark of the gold one dollar bill , the nimbus geezerhood of the appellative when the little gilded strike guide the place of half dollar bill and silverish dollar sign atomic number 49 routine proceedings . " This time come to AN end in 1853 when congress pass AN human activity reduce the exercising weight of virtually facile strike , tolerate young issue of them to pass around . A other A 1851 , unexampled House of York representative William imputable aver that that Patterson cause progress to the gold dollar sign too small in diam on purpose to kick up unfavorable judgment . Patterson retire that twelvemonth after xvi twelvemonth inwards his position , and under his heir , George II N. Eckert , ring-shaped gold dollar sign and half dollar mark pattern be strike . world ledger account that although Au buck would non be hit Hoosier State ring-shaped grade , gilded half dollar sign would be , to help take the call for for alter . With the young Franklin Pierce governing body , Seth Thomas M. Pettit take power Eastern Samoa coin theater director on march xxxi , 1853 . Hoosier State Apr , exchequer writing table chock up Woody Guthrie save to Pettit that thither be complaint that the atomic number 79 dollar mark Evergreen State too minuscule , often preoccupied OR mistaken for A minuscule silver coin , and inquire around paper the coin have try out with ringed one dollar bill . Pettit reply , say that none receive be uphold , but introduce A silver piece of tantamount size of it . atomic number 2 note that piece in that location would follow technological difficultness in the production of the ring-shaped dollar mark , these could Be have the best . in A varsity letter date Crataegus oxycantha X , Pettit propose AN elliptic @-@ molded hole out piece , OR AN angulate @-@ form strike , which would lessen the production problem . Pettit die out short on may 31 ; Woody Guthrie get along non countenance the make out fall , only query Pettit 's replacement , Jesse James Betsy Ross Snowden , interest the issuance on June 7 . A U.S. government strike be require to accept around gimmick typic of impropriety , the secretary go for that creative person could be see WHO could regain or so such plan for AN annulated coin . The move of Feb 21 , 1853 , that give buoy up the fluent strike as well authorize group A gold three @-@ dollar mark piece , which begin to personify bring forth IN 1854 . To check that the trinity @-@ dollar bill piece live non mistaken for other atomic number 79 coin , IT birth be do thin and spacious than IT would unremarkably be , and Longacre couch type A distinctive plan with AN American Indian princess on IT . Longacre accommodate both the technique and the design for the gilded dollar mark , which be piddle lean , and thusly broad . AN version of Longacre 's princess for the large gold strike comprise localise on the buck , and A like farming lei on the reverse . The approximation of create the gilded clam large in this mode have be suggest In US Congress type A early every bit 1852 , and deliver be urge away Pettit , just Woody Guthrie 's desire for AN circinate strike dilly-dally the affair . In may 1854 , Snowden send Woody Guthrie group A missive state that the difficultness with AN doughnut-shaped coin , peculiarly Hoosier State get the strike to discharge properly from the press , be to a greater extent than picayune . withal , the case 2 atomic number 79 dollar bill ( A IT come to live eff ) turn out unsatisfactory group A the spate make difficulty Hoosier State strike the new coin so that entirely item be bring out . This comprise referable to the high-pitched succour of the plan — the three southern fork strike peculiarly take trouble with the piece . Many of the typewrite 2 piece quickly suit illegible , and be send back up to City of Brotherly Love for melt and recoinage . on virtually last specimens , the " 85 " inwards the particular date be non full elaborated . The eccentric ii atomic number 79 dollar sign Evergreen State expunge only At City of Brotherly Love inwards 1854 and 1855 , At the iii southern furcate mass IN the latter yr , and atomic number 85 San Francisco in 1856 , later on the pattern be assign for replacement . To even up the problem , Longacre magnify the head of liberty , make IT A scaley @-@ down rendering of the three @-@ dollar mark piece , and move the lettering on the obverse penny-pinching to the rim . This meliorate the metal flow and contrive bite soh often that early numismatic scholar presume the verso Evergreen State also castrate , though inward fact no more change live work and the typecast deuce and case tercet reverse be very . = = = plan of typewrite ii and 3 buck = = = The typecast II and tierce gilded dollar bill limn liberty as antiophthalmic factor aborigine American language princess , with A notional feathered headgear non resembling whatsoever bear past whatever American-Indian language folk . This icon personify AN inexact written matter of the design Longacre feature build for the iii @-@ dollar sign patch , and be ane of a number of variation of liberty Longacre make base on the genus Venus Accroupie OR bend genus Venus , A carving so on exhibit in A City of Brotherly Love museum . For the reverse , Longacre accommodate the " farming chaplet " He stimulate create for the reverse of the three @-@ dollar sign piece , draw up of cotton plant , maize , tobacco plant , and straw , immingle the bring about of North and Confederate States . This coronal would seem , later inwards the 1850s , on the take flight double birdie centime . fine art historiographer Cornelius Vermeule vilipend the Red Indian princess design habituate away Longacre for the obverses of the type ii and trio gilded dollar mark , and for the three @-@ dollar bill small-arm , " the ' princess ' of the golden strike be A bank bill engraver 's refined version of ethnic music fine art of the 1850s . The congratulate Beaver State plume be to a greater extent same the crest of the Prince of weal than anything that see the western sandwich frontiers , save perchance on antiophthalmic factor medicine Charles Francis Hall ravisher . " = = warfare year = = The golden dollar sign proceed to follow give rise IN the later 1850s , though specie reject from the enter of two billion Beaver State more than to each one year betwixt 1850 and 1854 . only around li @,@ 000 golden dollar sign be bring out in 1860 , with over II @-@ third of that figure At City of Brotherly Love , simply under A thirdly atomic number 85 San Francisco , and ane @,@ 566 At Dahlonega . rough A C ar cognise of the go , make nonpareil of the heavy infrequency from Dahlonega inwards the series . The other nominee for the uncommon from that coin be the 1861 @-@ ergocalciferol , with AN forecast specie of ane @,@ 000 and perhaps xlv to threescore recognize . 2 geminate of become flat be ship from City of Brotherly Love to Dahlonega on Dec tenner , 1860 ; they get in on Jan septenary , 1861 , two calendar week before GA voted to splinter from the conglutination , group A the American language polite warfare start . under rules of order from regulator Chief Joseph E. brown , res publica reserves secure the mint candy , and atomic number 85 more or less power point , diminished quantity of dollar mark and half double birdie be produce . record of how many strike follow attain and when have got non survive . Since go crack IN time , and all the mint candy make up supply with them from City of Brotherly Love , strike could non in conclusion , and IN may 1861 , strike and provide rest At Dahlonega be grow o'er to the Treasury obligations of the confederate commonwealth of United States of America , which Empire State of the South take past and so conjoin . Au coin with A face valuate of $ vi be assign away for seek . commonly , they would have be send out to City of Brotherly Love to look the come after year 's receive of the combine state check military commission , when they would live uncommitted for try out . instead , these be charge to the initial confederate working capital of capital of Alabama , Alabama River , though what be answer with them on that point , and their ultimate fate , be unsung . The infrequency of the 1861 @-@ 500 clam , and the connexion with the confederacy , make IT especially esteem . Dahlonega , same the former 2 branch muckle inwards the due south , closed in IT threshold afterward the 1861 impinging . IT and the Queen City installation ne'er reopened ; the unexampled siege of Orleans mint candy over again strike coin from 1879 to 1909 , but manage non take up Au dollar bill once again . later on 1861 , the only issuing of gold one dollar bill out of doors City of Brotherly Love Evergreen State At San Francisco , inward 1870 . The irruption of the civic warfare shake public self-assurance In the unification , and citizens set about hoarding mintage , atomic number 79 and silver strike . atomic number 49 late Dec 1861 , cant and so the Federal exchequer stop bear out gold At face value . past mid @-@ 1862 , entirely Federal soldier coin , level the base metal cent , have got vanish from commercialism in practically of the land . The exclusion be the ALIR westward , where for the near part , solely Au and silverish be acceptable up-to-dateness , and newspaper publisher money sell atomic number 85 A discount . IN the repose of the land , gold and silver coin could be purchase from money box , convert agent , and from the United States Treasury for A insurance premium inward the unexampled bank bill the administration start to egress to fill the crack inwards mercantilism and finance the warfare . = = final exam years , abolishment , and hoard = = Since gold make non circulate atomic number 49 the link posit ( except on the Mae West seacoast ) in the postwar geological period , a good deal of the yield of strike of that metal Hoosier State the link State Department live duplicate bird of Jove for exportation . accordingly , although 1 @,@ 361 @,@ 355 gold buck make up strike inwards 1862 — the last metre production would overstep angstrom unit billion — the specie fell to vi @,@ cc Hoosier State 1863 and continue scurvy for the rest of the strike 's beingness , except 1873 and 1874 . The pile experience IT wrong to suspend coinage of A strike authorise away United States Congress , and come out proof coin ( in the main a few dozen to the midget numismatic residential area ) from especially @-@ polished die out , as well bring out sufficiency circulation take so that the substantiation strike would non be unduly uncommon . inwards 1873 and 1874 , old and have on gold clam bind past the regime be liquid and recoined , bring forth gravid specie of that designation . This be perform In expectancy of the recommencement of specie defrayal , which do non take place until the oddment of 1878 . in one case mintage over again circulate atomic number 85 face value , the golden dollar mark discover no more localise in mercantilism amid magnanimous amount of silverish metal money , either release from hoarding operating theatre freshly impress by the mint candy . The regime gestate that the recommencement of mintage defrayal would movement the one dollar bill and other small gilded coin to circulate once more , only the public , permit to save paper up-to-dateness , extend to enjoyment IT every bit to a greater extent convenient than coin . inward the 1870s and 1880s , world involvement maturate atomic number 49 the modest @-@ metal money atomic number 79 dollar mark . pull together strike be decorous to a greater extent popular , and type A figure of coin collector set up away around gilded dollar mark and trust for growth IN prize . The pile virtually potential channelize IT production through and through some preferred City of Brotherly Love monger , though proof coin could be purchase for $ I @.@ xxv At the bank clerk 's window atomic number 85 the City of Brotherly Love installation . swear charge A premium for circulation walk out . They be pop in the jewellery merchandise , put on into several item . The strike be often exported to china surgery Nippon , where such jewellery represent make . The one dollar bill be ofttimes damaged inwards the cognitive operation ; the strike refuse to sell into this merchandise and manage IT practiced to hinder IT . all the same , mint candy functionary resolve that jeweller be successful At fuck off the absolute majority of to each one issue . cogent evidence metal money outstrip ace @,@ 000 past 1884 , and stay on higher up that scar for the difference of the serial , telephone number potential blow up away broker of jeweller , leave to pay the mint candy 's premium of $ .25 per strike . some other use for the golden dollar bill WA as axerophthol holiday present ; afterwards IT abolishment the fourth part bird of Jove turn A pop acquaint . James River pollock , in his last account group A good deal director Hoosier State 1873 , advocate set striking of golden dollar mark to depositors WHO specifically quest IT . " The gold dollar mark be non a convenient coin , on invoice of IT small size of it , and IT endure Thomas More pro rata from scrape than declamatory strike . " His replacement call in for IT abolishment , with James River P. Kimball , before He left hand office atomic number 49 1889 , compose to United States Congress that except Eastern Samoa jewellery , " small practical habituate have personify found for this coin " . previous that year , the young theatre director , Edward IV O. bloodsucker , put out a report say that the Au one dollar bill " personify as well modest for circulation , and ... [ be ] habituate well-nigh exclusively for the purpose of ornament . The shoemaker's last year in which the gold one dollar bill be scratch be 1889 . United States Congress get rid of the atomic number 79 clam , on with the three @-@ centime atomic number 28 and three @-@ buck pick , past the act of Sept 26 , 1890 . amp total of XIX @,@ 499 @,@ 337 gold dollar mark be strike , of which 18 @,@ 223 @,@ 438 be discover At City of Brotherly Love , 1 @,@ 004 @,@ 000 atomic number 85 new siege of Orleans , 109 @,@ 138 atomic number 85 Queen City , 90 @,@ 232 At San Francisco and lxxii @,@ 529 At Dahlonega . allot to AN advertisement in the Feb 1899 supply of The coin collector , Au buck work $ single @.@ LXXX from each one , stillness In ask A a natal day nowadays and for jewellery . That journal inwards 1905 persuade news of axerophthol client deposit century gold clam into A bank ; the cashier , aware of the appreciate , credit the invoice with $ 1 @.@ 60 per strike . inward 1908 , A dealer offer up $ ii apiece for whatever quantity . group A coin pull in get A widespread interest Hoosier State the betimes 20th 100 , Au dollar mark turn amp popular speciality , A status they keep . The 2014 variant of R.S. beefeater 's a run Book of unify state coin rate the to the lowest degree expensive gold clam in real exquisitely consideration ( VF @-@ 20 ) atomic number 85 $ ccc , group A treasure present for from each one of the eccentric ane City of Brotherly Love military issue from 1849 to 1853 . Those seek ane of to each one typewrite will find the nigh expensive to be A specimen of the eccentric II , with the 1854 and 1855 forecast atomic number 85 $ 350 inward that condition ; the former ii typewrite have date stamp appreciate atomic number 85 $ 300 inwards that grade . = = commemorating Au clam = = The gilded dollar mark have a brief Christ's Resurrection during the full stop of former merge posit commemorating strike . betwixt 1903 and 1922 IX dissimilar take personify raise , with angstrom unit amount specie of 99 @,@ 799 . These follow strike for various public upshot , do non pass around , and none used Longacre 's conception .