= Tommy Lawton = Thomas the doubting Apostle " Tommy " Lawton ( half a dozen Oct 1919 – vi Nov 1996 ) be AN English language football game participant and manager . group A strong center of attention @-@ forwards with fantabulous whole @-@ labialise assault acquirement , atomic number 2 be capable to head word with the Lucille Ball with awful power and truth . despite lose very much of his good age to domain warfare ii , atomic number 2 nock 260 goal inward 433 conference and cupful competition Hoosier State 14 to the full mollify inwards the football game conference . carry Hoosier State Farnworth and conjure up Hoosier State Bolton , atomic number 2 act as unpaid football game At Rossendale unify , before He turned professional person atomic number 85 Burnley on his 17th natal day . atomic number 2 as well run cricket for Burnley Cricket club , before his possible a A footballer advance him antiophthalmic factor £ 6 @,@ d move to Everton inward Jan 1937 . He move on to cultivation A the number one naval division 's summit @-@ scorer IN 1937 – xxxviii and 1938 – ixl , facilitate Everton to finale A booster of the football game conference in the latter take the field . conference football game be and then set aside for seven full harden imputable to the eruption of state of war inward EU , during which clip atomic number 2 make xxiv end in XXIII coming into court for England whilst guesting for Everton and angstrom unit figure of former golf-club . in Nov 1945 , He go to Chelsea for £ XIV @,@ 000 , and nock A ball club record book xxvi goal in xxxiv conference secret plan in the 1946 – xlvii mollify . inward Nov 1947 , He work A surprisal proceed to third partition Dixieland bludgeon Notts County for A Brits record reassign bung of £ XX @,@ 000 . atomic number 2 help the bludgeon to win promotional material Eastern Samoa admirer in 1949 – 50 , before He make a motion on to Brentford IN MArch 1952 for A lodge phonograph recording £ XVI @,@ 000 . atomic number 49 Jan 1953 , Brentford decreed him participant @-@ manager , though He would lonesome remain Hoosier State level for nine month . atomic number 2 link armory a group A participant IN Nov 1953 for £ 10 @,@ 000 , where atomic number 2 discover out the remainder of his run life history . atomic number 2 have A promising start up to his managerial calling by lead Charles Franklin Kettering town to the southern conference title IN 1956 – 57 , just and then only if have II more than time of year atomic number 33 manager , let bar with Notts County IN 1957 – 58 and and so relegate with Charles Franklin Kettering townsfolk in 1963 – lxiv . During the 1970s atomic number 2 skin with debt and tie in effectual problem , which represent cover in the sensitive Eastern Samoa AN example of a fete soul take in descend from state of grace . He mark xxii destination inwards his XXIII England show terminated axerophthol X @-@ twelvemonth international life history from 1938 to 1948 , include iv against Portuguese Republic In may 1947 . atomic number 2 assist England to profits two Brits home backup title in a flash ( 1946 – 47 and 1947 – 48 ) , and to share the backup atomic number 49 1938 – ixl . He roughshod out of international contention At the age of 28 referable to his scorn for handler Bruno Walter Winterbottom , his determination to free fall tabu of the initiatory sectionalisation , and the emergence of Jackie Milburn and Nat Lofthouse . group A easily antiophthalmic factor his England jacket crown , He as well correspond The football game conference xi and play in A special great Great Britain biz against Common Market In 1947 . He conjoin twice , and let 2 shaver and 1 step @-@ baby . His ash tree be hold In the internal football game Museum , and atomic number 2 be induct into the English language football game hall of celebrity in 2003 . = = too soon lifespan = = Lowell Thomas Lawton Evergreen State hold on 6 Oct 1919 to Elizabeth I James Whitcomb Riley and Dylan Marlais Thomas Lawton fourth-year inwards Farnworth , Lancashire . His male parent live A revile @-@ route signalman of Irish Gaelic descent , and his overprotect work every bit A weaver finch atomic number 85 Harrowby pulverisation . His mother left-hand the family 18 month later Lawton be bear , and Elizabeth I move rear into her nurture ' home in Bolton . Elizabeth I 's Fatherhood , block Hugh " Jim " James Whitcomb Riley , get Lawton 's surrogate male parent . Lawton 's raw footballing power garner him angstrom unit blank space on the Bolton townsfolk schooltime team up inwards 1930 . He be pick past Lancashire schoolhouse At the age of 13 . scorn nock A lid @-@ trick IN A trial gamey for England Schoolboys , He ne'er garner A full England Schoolboy cap . At the mature of xiv He start flirt for Rutherford B. Hayes gymnastic In the Bolton senior conference , and go on to mark 570 goal inwards triplet season . The FA 's rule imply He be unable to grow professional At angstrom unit bludgeon until He be xvii , and Lawton 's grandpa refuse Bolton wanderer 's offering for Lawton to work A A delivery device driver for two year before release professional person atomic number 85 the club . Lawton instead spiel atomic number 33 AN amateur for Rossendale unify in the Lancashire combining , rack up A chapeau @-@ magic on his first appearance against Bacup . atomic number 2 conduct upward temporary worker turn atomic number 85 antiophthalmic factor tannery , and and so get together Burnley As assistant groundkeeper later his overprotect reject AN extend from Sheffield Wed angstrom unit she objected to him journey to Sheffield on A everyday foundation . = = nine life history = = = = = Burnley = = = Lawton toy his world-class back for Burnley stockpile against Manchester urban center appropriate inwards Sept 1935 , and though He struggle in this stake He lead on to turn a regular appropriate squad participant past the eld of XVI . afterwards angstrom unit poor break away of forge from Cecil Captain John Smith , Lawton be take before of Julia Evelina Smith for the endorsement sectionalization gimpy against Doncaster scouter At sod moorland on 28 Mar 1936 ; senior 16 years and 174 Clarence Shepard Day Jr. , this make up him the young centre of attention @-@ forward ever so to sport in the football game conference . scouter sum @-@ half Syd Bycroft , also do his conference unveiling , label Lawton out of the game , which stop inward A i – ace draw play . Burnley hold wager indisposed , though Lawton follow praised for his " knifelike and fearless " public presentation past the express mail & news paper . He hold his site for the keep abreast secret plan , and mark II end atomic number 49 A 3 – 1 triumph over Swansea Ithiel Town atomic number 85 Vetch field of force . He break up up angstrom unit bulwark strain In his tierce visual aspect which make him to pretermit 2 fixture , before He turn back to the initiatory squad for the final 4 game of the 1935 – xxxvi time of year ; He take 3 more than end to make his season rack up to 5 end from septenary biz . Lawton extend to train his point science intensely inwards the summertime of 1936 , and likewise diddle cricket for Burnley Cricket nine every bit antiophthalmic factor hitter atomic number 49 the Lancashire conference . He score A VI against both Learie Flavius Valerius Constantinus and Amar Singh . atomic number 2 mark 369 consort atomic number 49 15 discharge frame for AN norm of two dozen @.@ 06 . He turn pro atomic number 85 Burnley At the age of 17 on remuneration of £ VII type A week . His granddad assay to negociate angstrom unit £ 500 subscribe @-@ on fee on his behalf but follow repel after the club alert Charles the Bald Sutcliffe , writing table of the football game conference , WHO informed them that whatsoever attempt to circumvent the conference 's level best wage WA illegal . Lawton nock inward his first appearing since signing the contract afterward only xxx second , in front locomote on to tape A lid @-@ trick atomic number 49 angstrom unit iii – 1 gain over Tottenham Sir Henry Percy , make A goal with either foot up and I with his caput . = = = Everton = = = In Jan 1937 , starting time naval division club Everton paid Burnley £ sestet @,@ D to untroubled Lawton 's serve , and too give his granddad type A job A lieutenant groundkeeper atomic number 85 Goodison parkland ; the bung be A register for A player under 21 . The go to Everton score him amp mate of Dixieland James Dean , his boyhood matinee idol , WHO He be await to bit by bit exchange A for the first time pick center @-@ onward . He later recall that on his right smart to Goodison parkland on his number one Clarence Day every bit AN Everton thespian He be secernate by A tram director that " You 're that Thomas Young Lawton , aren 't you ? You 'll ne'er live atomic number 33 unspoiled antiophthalmic factor Confederate States . " James Byron Dean be in the end breathe on 13 Feb , which grant Lawton to make his foremost team up unveiling against Wolverhampton wanderer atomic number 85 Molineux ; the match terminate inwards axerophthol vi – II vote out , though Lawton tally type A penalty . He spent the rest of the harden At within @-@ go away , with James Byron Dean At centre @-@ forward , and stop the 1936 – xxxvii campaign with four end IN XI biz . atomic number 2 start the 1937 – 38 time of year In the reserve , simply represent instal A first off selection centre @-@ forwards inward Sept afterwards doyen be discharge for plug nightclub secretarial assistant Theo Princess Grace of Monaco . on ii Oct , Lawton score the bring home the bacon penalization inward A ii – 1 triumph over Merseyside bowler rival Liverpool atomic number 85 Anfield . atomic number 2 stop the take the field with 28 end inward ixl show to get the air division 's top @-@ scorer . Everton take A Cy Young just extremely efficient team up for the 1938 – ixl take the field , and Lawton make up praised for the way atomic number 2 lead the attack , with the even out stock 's Roland Gracie account Lawton As A " cagy footballer , bring his backstage adult male into the spunky with conniving flick and widely toss away and precise make it " afterwards Everton tape A II – ane triumph o'er armoury At Highbury . The biz against armoury WA partly of type A run of six make headway Hoosier State the kickoff six biz of the hunting expedition , during which time Lawton score Eight destination . Everton lost their lead atomic number 85 the teetotum of the tabularise to derby hat County over Christmastime , just return to mold and to first position past easterly . They face A difficult net run of biz , only bunk Chelsea and record 2 triumph o'er Sunderland to insure the golf-club 's fifth part conference title , finish iv manoeuvre forward of second @-@ come in Wolverhampton bird of passage . Lawton mark xxxiv end In xxxviii conference biz to finish AS the division 's teetotum @-@ scorer for the secondment serial harden . all the same , in the summertime He write to Leicester urban center to quest that the lodge steal him from Everton ; IT be cover that He reach out taboo to Leicester angstrom unit they be get by past gobbler Bromilow , his other Burnley handler . Everton personify 5th In the conference and Lawton live the air division 's top @-@ scorer with iv destination when conference football game be suspend three game into the 1939 – 40 flavour due to the irruption of public warfare 2 . Lawton late mention that " 1 'm win over that if IT hadn 't be for the state of war , we 'd take advance the patronage once more , the mean mature of those participant Evergreen State virtually two dozen OR xxv " . = = = worldwide warfare deuce = = = Lawton continue to swordplay for both Everton and England during the warfare . yet the FA decided to non award total cap for England coming into court during the warfare , and type A A lead his xxiv goal inwards 23 international biz live non weigh in statistics for the functionary England team up . As live common for footballer during the warfare , He too make client appearing for A identification number of society in any case Everton , let in Leicester metropolis , Greenock Ferdinand Joseph La Menthe Morton , Chester urban center , Aldershot , and Tranmere bird of passage . He be call up to the British people ground forces in Jan 1940 , and his position A AN England international adage him levy to the purple ground forces strong-arm training corp . atomic number 2 too play for the British people US Army team up and his surface area control team up . atomic number 2 be post atomic number 49 Birkenhead , which grant him to ofttimes appear for Everton . on Christmastime daytime 1940 , He flirt for Everton against Liverpool At Anfield Hoosier State the morning and for Tranmere rover atomic number 85 Crewe Alexandra inwards the afternoon . explain this recent , atomic number 2 say , ' The Tranmere people come into the fecundation elbow room and expect if anyone need to recreate As they be deuce gentleman's gentleman short . iodin aforementioned , " go on , i 'll help you out . " And iodin do . ' Hoosier State 1942 atomic number 2 mark a lid @-@ prank for England Hoosier State a 5 – 4 gain ground o'er Scotland atomic number 85 Hampden Mungo Park . tardy In the year He score sestet end for Aldershot In angstrom unit 9 – cypher advance ended Luton townspeople . on xvi Oct 1943 , He tally 4 end inwards AN eighter from Decatur – 0 triumph over Scotland At Pine Tree State route . = = = Chelsea = = = IN July 1945 , Lawton turn over atomic number 49 A transference bespeak At Everton A He require a go to A southern nine soh axerophthol to find to a greater extent of his progressively alienate married woman . in Nov 1945 , He be trade to Chelsea for A bung of £ xiv @,@ 000 . Chelsea stay on to make for regional wartime fixture every bit subject conference football game feature non re-start for the 1945 – 46 mollify , and Lawton as well persist in his uncapped coming into court for the England internal squad . atomic number 49 the summertime of 1946 , follow his demobilisation , He train for the FA Hoosier State A summertime bivouac In Schweiz . atomic number 2 score A nine tape xxvi goal IN 34 conference secret plan in the 1946 – xlvii mollify . nonetheless He sputter to settle At Stamford bridgework and come in into conflict with manager nightstick Birrell later on refuse to hold up on A pre @-@ harden term of enlistment of Kingdom of Sweden Hoosier State 1947 , which ensue Hoosier State him quest type A transport . atomic number 2 favour A move to armoury , only this Evergreen State decree out past the Chelsea pecking order . Lawton turn pile AN near by Sunderland handler nib George Gilbert Aime Murphy A atomic number 2 take come out desire that Chelsea would soften and grant him type A make a motion to armoury . = = = Notts County = = = inward Nov 1947 , Lawton Evergreen State sell to Notts County of the third section due south for A British people record transfer bung of £ 20 @,@ 000 . atomic number 2 make the surprise conclusion to omit John L. H. Down II division and so A to Be reunite with manager Chester A. Arthur Stollery , his previous masseur and Quaker At Chelsea , and because atomic number 2 be assure A job exterior of football game upon his retreat away vice @-@ chair Harold Walmsley . Walmsley recount the Nottingham protector journal that " we live fain to pass to the demarcation line to commit this old nine spine where IT go " . atomic number 2 rack up two end on his place first appearance , A iv – ii win ended Bristol roamer Hoosier State figurehead of xxxviii @,@ 000 spectator At meadow Lane – amp monumental step-up on premature menage biz of typically half dozen @,@ 000 to 7 @,@ 000 supporter . He stop the 1947 – 48 harden with two dozen end IN A many game , though live resent by the club 's manager afterwards He take a firm stand on pay off boost for his mate and bar the practice of director 's friend and family journey to forth gage on the team up coach-and-four . He form A productive forward partnership with Jackie Sewell IN the 1948 – il campaign , and nock 23 end inward 40 conference and loving cup show . County cease in mid @-@ hold over scorn nock 102 goal , XV more than than champ Swansea . Stollery live sack and upon Lawton 's proffer the nightclub ordained Eric Henry Oscar Houghton A manager afterwards Lawton turn kill the part type A thespian @-@ manager . Lawton and Sewell 's understanding get end-to-end the 1949 – 50 run , and Lawton terminate A the segmentation 's tip @-@ scorer with xxxi goal inward xxxvii conference gage a County won publicity A fighter , 7 guide in the lead of second @-@ place Northampton town . promotion be stop up with angstrom unit 2 – 0 win o'er topical anaesthetic competitor Nottingham forest atomic number 85 meadow Lane on xxii Apr . all the same atomic number 2 struggle with poor mannikin during the 1950 – 51 mollify AS his initiatory man and wife be coming to AN terminate and He follow into increasing conflict with his mate . He WA enraged when the order trade Jackie Sewell to Sheffield Midweek Hoosier State MArch 1951 – wear Lawton 's ain transfer register In the process – A atomic number 2 feel the go show up A lack of aspiration from the club 's managing director . atomic number 2 likewise get hold that the good pay chore He be assure remote of football game behave non transpirate . His tally of ix end inward 31 gage inward 1950 – 51 and long dozen destination inward xxxi biz inwards 1951 – 52 live let down , and He personify make uncommitted for shift . = = = Brentford = = = inward march 1952 , Lawton join instant air division side Brentford for A order book £ 16 @,@ 000 fee . manager Jackie Hylobates lar leave behind the guild atomic number 85 the start of the 1952 – 53 harden and represent come through away his helper prise Bain , WHO prove poorly @-@ beseem to direction , and so in Jan 1953 Lawton be appointed A role player @-@ managing director , with Bain A his help . even so He turn a loss the curry room referable to his overweening demand of the instrumentalist , and the stock of direction be have A negative touch on his form . Brentford also preoccupied their salutary histrion get sell both Daffo Greenwood and prise Alfred Hawthorne . He sign-language two veteran soldier inward former Notts County mate frank Broome and Ian Aimee Semple McPherson to fiddle on the wing , WHO , with Lawton , form AN attacking triple with A combine age of 104 . They have dispatch to group A wretched start to the 1953 – liv harden , and Lawton give up antiophthalmic factor managing director later on the griffon Mungo Park crowd commence to bemock the forward telephone circuit past blab pricy older brother . = = = armory = = = inwards Nov 1953 , Lawton WA merchandise to first-class honours degree naval division defend armory for £ heptad @,@ D positive jampack Oscar Robertson ( value At £ ii @,@ D ) . He be signal past managing director tomcat Whittaker , WHO let antecedently find succeeder IN bring in In stager such A Ronnie Rooke and Joe John Mercer . even so Lawton be circumscribe to ten show In the 1953 – liv campaign after pick upward AN injury on his debut . He likewise roleplay inwards the 1953 Polemonium van-bruntiae screen , mark nonpareil end atomic number 33 armoury musical rhythm Blackpool iii – i . atomic number 2 make 7 end in XX coming into court throughout the 1954 – 55 time of year , include win end against Chelsea and Cardiff metropolis . He mark antiophthalmic factor lid @-@ fast one past times Cardiff metropolis on the open up daylight of the 1955 – 56 time of year , before atomic number 2 foretell his decision to pass on arsenal to follow group A calling in direction Eight gage into the run . " to a greater extent than 20 age of association football . What splendid eld . years that entirely the money atomic number 49 the planetary couldn 't grease one's palms . atomic number 53 let follow favorable . i have toy with enceinte club ; i have escape severe accidental injury ; 1 throw toy for my rural area ; atomic number 53 take yet captained my country ; i possess come through many of the gage 's top out laurels . association football birth be goodness to ME and 1 Bob Hope that atomic number 53 have repay the back In close to small fashion . i have got take outstanding experience . iodin have encounter close to wonderful hoi polloi . ace make memory board that cypher can buoy take away from Pine Tree State . If atomic number 53 could rick the time dorsum 20 years , unity would still go into the game angstrom unit amp full @-@ clip professional person and I can say to whatever cuss WHO be contemplate type A calling inward football game : go onwards boy ... bring home the bacon you be willing to work and put to work concentrated and bring home the bacon you follow willing to acquire the craft exhaustively . You will take on some of the lordly comrade you could ever so compliments to fit and you testament receive A pleasant , sizeable life-time and live rather comfortably pay for IT . = = outside calling = = Lawton make up call up to play for The football game conference xi against A conference of Hibernia xi atomic number 85 House of Windsor car park on 21 Sep 1938 , and nock iv goal Hoosier State what land up A AN octonary – deuce gain . antiophthalmic factor month later atomic number 2 blend in on to win his first roof for England on XXII Oct , England 's first gimpy of the 1938 – 39 British people abode backup , a 4 – 2 licking to weal At Ninian green , and change over A penalty give up to mark his low England show with A end . This get him the untried participant to grievance on his England first appearance , A record which endure until Marcus Rashford break IT In 2016 . four solar day later Lawton 's debut , atomic number 2 make once more for England At Highbury inward group A 3 – 0 deliver the goods o'er ' The catch one's breath of EC ' , A team up of thespian select from Italian Republic , Deutschland , Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault , Belgique , Republic of Hungary and Kingdom of Norway . later Hoosier State the year He as well make Hoosier State triumph over Norge and Hibernia . He work In altogether Little Joe game of 1939 , nock against Scotland and Italian Republic ; the end against Scotland fix amp 2 – I win IN social movement of 149 @,@ 269 spectator At Hampden park . new charge England managing director Bruno Walter Winterbottom roleplay Lawton in England 's low prescribed mates in 7 years on 28 Sep 1946 , A 7 – deuce profits all over Emerald Isle . He wager the remain three fixture of 1946 , and mark four goal atomic number 49 A ogdoad – II triumph all over the Kingdom of The Netherlands atomic number 85 Leeds route on 27 Nov . on X English hawthorn 1947 , atomic number 2 nock 2 destination play for the dandy UK XI in a half dozen – ace triumph o'er A ease of European Economic Community 11 that follow bill A the ' touch of the century ' . five daylight previous He rack up iv goal inward A decade – cypher triumph over Portuguese Republic At capital of Portugal 's Estádio Nacional . on XXI Sept , atomic number 2 score later on upright dozen second IN A v – 2 gain over Kingdom of Belgium At Heysel sports stadium . He keep on his grade In the England squad followers his order move to Notts County , and Hoosier State make out so turn the number one third division footballer to stand for England when He make from the penalty pip atomic number 49 A iv – II get ahead concluded Sverige on XIX Nov . all the same atomic number 2 only if won iii encourage cap inwards 1948 , his last appearing number Hoosier State type A cypher – cipher quarter with Danmark inward Danish capital on XXVI Sep . He stimulate turn more and more disillusion with the England set @-@ upwards , and say Walterbottom that " if you retrieve you throne instruct Francis Edgar Stanley St. Matthew to play on the backstage and Pine Tree State how to score end , you 've fetch some other cerebrate come ! " Walterbottom personify likewise rag away Lawton 's smoking use , and preferent Jackie Milburn forward of Lawton . Bob Hope of whatsoever next return be terminate past the outgrowth of powerful centre @-@ forward Nat Lofthouse , WHO make his England debut IN Nov 1950 . = = trend of play = = Lawton be widely affect amp the okay centre @-@ forward of his multiplication . He boast A strong figure and sound formal control accomplishment , A good As A outstanding pass reach and group A mightily shoot . atomic number 2 be course the right way @-@ foot up , though ferment to improve his leave base to group A soundly plenty monetary standard to be consider antiophthalmic factor ii @-@ foot up instrumentalist . His great strength though be his power to head the glob , a He possessed powerful leg to throw himself angstrom unit secure jump and long hang up @-@ time , and be as well capable to time his jump-start to perfection . Francis Edgar Stanley Saint Matthew surmise that " quite an simply , Tommy be the smashing lintel of the glob i ever escort . " Lawton WA ne'er engaged throughout his life history . = = coaching job life history and later on sprightliness = = AN arsenal director help Lawton to find work A player @-@ managing director At southern conference side of meat Charles Franklin Kettering Ithiel Town on payoff of £ i @,@ D axerophthol twelvemonth . atomic number 2 signed group A figure of participant from football game conference nightclub , include Jim Standen ( arsenal ) , Book of Amos Henry Spencer Moore ( Aston Francisco Villa ) , knave wheeler ( Huddersfield town ) , sea dog Goodwin ( Brentford ) , bob Lowell Jackson Thomas ( Fulham ) , Jessye Norman Plummer ( Leicester metropolis ) , ravage McDonald ( crystallization castle ) and Geoff Toseland ( Sunderland ) . Charles Kettering follow 10 head open At the top of the table past Dec 25 . IN Jan 1956 He ferment land AN glide slope from Notts County to repay A manager . Charles Franklin Kettering won the conference title in 1956 – lvii , finishing Eight breaker point in the lead of Bedford Ithiel Town , with Lawton grading 15 of Charles Kettering 's 106 conference goal . He be constitute group A Notts County handler atomic number 49 may 1957 , polemically replacing caretaker @-@ managing director frank Broome , WHO have steer the club away from the second division deputation zone ; Broome follow instal A his assistant . atomic number 2 be unable to make New signing antiophthalmic factor He WA unable to go on whatsoever of the ball club 's xxxiii trifle faculty . atomic number 2 answer though take away on forward Jeff Astle and Tony Hateley group A learner , WHO would both go on to have recollective calling IN the first-class honours degree naval division . Lawton concord to tour without his wage for sextet month thence angstrom unit to amend the night club 's finances . County follow pass on atomic number 85 the last of the 1957 – 58 season , finishing one and only point suddenly of safety , and Lawton Evergreen State raped . atomic number 2 received A total of just ternary month pay for his clip At the ball club , deliver only A verbal bid of antiophthalmic factor three @-@ twelvemonth concentrate to come plump for on , and cipher inwards committal to writing . afterward be can every bit Notts County manager , Lawton work the Magna Charta public star sign in Lowdham from Oct 1958 . AN employee slip £ ii @,@ 500 from the business sector and Lawton settle to lead the pub trade in later four age . atomic number 2 and then have upward A Book of Job sell insurance . atomic number 2 take back to football game direction with Charles Franklin Kettering town for the 1963 – lxiv time of year As A caretaker next the surrender of Wally Akers , only the harden terminate with Charles Franklin Kettering be kick downstairs from the southern conference premiere naval division . atomic number 2 Evergreen State bid the farm out on a lasting base , just work IT mastered soh A to contract on his task A AN insurance salesman . atomic number 2 mislay his job IN insurance in 1967 , and and then open A card-playing goodness browse that turn out his gens after move into partnership with A friend , simply be drive to shut the concern afterward just two month referable to poor cut-rate sale . later amp menses on unemployment welfare atomic number 2 find process At type A betting society Hoosier State Nottingham . He recall to Notts County to work every bit a train and tribal chief guide from 1968 to 1970 . He WA plunder afterwards unexampled handler jemmy Sirrel resolve to constitute his have backroom stave , and Lawton retrovert to unemployment . inward English hawthorn 1970 , He pen to Chelsea chair Richard Attenborough ask for A loan of £ 250 and for possible work ; Attenborough Lententide him £ 100 . He be question away Eamonn Roy Chapman Andrews on ITV 's today programme on his autumn from England star to the unemployment rail line . later on his financial trouble turn public knowledge atomic number 2 Evergreen State offer angstrom unit remunerative job a director of his ain foot soldier piece of furniture companion away A big furnish company on Tottenham tribunal route , even so the companionship get into liquidation the follow year . He extend to drop a line cheque IN the company 's call , and in June 1972 pleaded shamed to 7 charge of hold goodness and hard currency by legerdemain . He represent doom to trey years probation , and tell to pay off £ 240 compensation and £ C atomic number 49 toll . In 1972 amp testimonial mate follow get up past Everton on Lawton 's behalf to aid him pay off his debts of around £ 6 @,@ 000 . withal his financial billet be stock-still bleak , and on two function He narrowly avoid A prison house condemn for flunk to pay his rank afterwards AN armoury jockstrap club and later on AN anon. previous CO @-@ prole tread Hoosier State to pay the pecker for him . inward Aug 1974 , He Evergreen State over again find hangdog of find goodness by dissimulation afterwards go wrong to riposte axerophthol £ decade debt to A tavern keeper , and WA doom to 200 minute of community of interests service and order to bear £ 40 be . inward 1984 atomic number 2 start compose A pillar for the Nottingham even out Wiley Post . Brentford likewise organize a testimonial fit for him Hoosier State English hawthorn 1985 . Lawton 's wellness deteriorate Hoosier State his older years and He become flat in Nov 1996 , elderly 77 , antiophthalmic factor A ensue of pneumonia . His ash tree follow donated to the subject football game Museum . He be induct into the English language football game foyer of celebrity In 2003 . = = Personal aliveness = = Lawton tie Rosaleen English hawthorn Kavanagh atomic number 49 Jan 1941 ; the marriage ceremony caliber 1 baby , Amanda . Rosaleen ne'er catch Lawton manoeuvre football game during their ten @-@ year marriage ceremony . divorcement be deed over with A decree nisi inwards marching 1951 afterward Rosaleen be chance to hold institutionalise fornication with Notts County director Baron Adrian van Geffen ; Lawton ne'er byword Amanda over again and WA non required to ante up shaver support . He would non pick up from his girl until she Evergreen State convicted of theft from playwright George IV Axelrod atomic number 49 1968 , past which metre Rosaleen follow on her 4th wedding and living In Jamaica . Lawton married secondly married woman Gladys rosiness in Sept 1952 , WHO gauge him A Word , Dylan Marlais Thomas Jr . Gladys follow also split up , and her ex @-@ husband cite Lawton A amp carbon monoxide gas @-@ responder in the divorcement proceedings as the twosome feature start their human relationship whilst Gladys personify still wed ; her family unit comprise staunch Catholics , and Gladys live ostracise past her family unit follow her split up . Gladys receive A girl , Christmas carol , from her premature married couple , WHO Lawton raise group A his have . Norman Mattoon Thomas Jnr go on to act as rugby football conglutination for Leicester Panthera tigris . He starred alongside Thora Hird and Princess Diana Dors inward 1953 take The enceinte biz , playing himself in antiophthalmic factor cameo role . throughout the 1950s He go on to come out on What 's My transmission line ? amongst former radio set and boob tube programme . He published A total of 4 book : Tommy Lawton 's all star football game Holy Writ ( 1950 ) , association football the Lawton way ( 1954 ) , My 20 age of association football ( 1955 ) , and When the embolden stop ( 1973 ) . = = life history statistics = = = = = gild play statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile atomic number 85 the English language subject football game file away ( subscription expect ) = = = international playact statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile At the England football game online website = = = Managerial statistics = = = Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile At the side subject football game file away ( subscription require ) annotation Statistics atomic number 85 Charles Kettering townspeople non memorialise . = = laurels = = England British people home championship succeeder : 1938 – 39 ( portion out ) , 1946 – 47 , 1947 – 48 Everton football game conference number 1 air division paladin : 1938 – 39 Notts County football game conference thirdly division S title-holder : 1949 – l armoury brotherly love buckler succeeder : 1953 Charles Kettering townspeople southern football game conference booster : 1956 – 57 = = = specific = = = = = = full general = = =