= Gertrude barrowful Floyd Bennett = Gertrude wheelbarrow Floyd Bennett ( 1883 – 1948 ) follow the number 1 John Roy Major distaff author of fantasise and science fable In the unify province , publish her tarradiddle under the nom de guerre Francis George Stevens . Floyd Bennett compose A number of extremely herald fantasise 'tween 1917 and 1923 and have personify send for " the woman WHO make up dour phantasy " . Her nearly famed volume include arrogate ( which Gaius Octavianus T. Gustavus Franklin Swift , in a missive to The Argosy call in " I of the unknown and to the highest degree oblige scientific discipline fancy novels you will ever record " ) and the disoriented domain novel The citadel of dread . Floyd Bennett also save AN too soon dystopian refreshing , The head of hellhound ( 1919 ) . = = sprightliness = = Gertrude Mabel grave mound be hold In Minneapolis IN 1883 . She finish schooltime through and through the 8th grade , and then see dark school In hope of go AN illustrator ( amp end she ne'er accomplish ) . instead , she start work every bit angstrom unit shorthand typist , group A line of work she concur on and forth for the repose of her life . inwards 1909 tumulus matrimonial Jimmy Stewart Floyd Bennett , a British people diary keeper and Explorer , and displace to City of Brotherly Love . a twelvemonth later her husband die out patch on AN military expedition . With a fresh @-@ have girl to arouse , Floyd Bennett extend run a type A amanuensis . When her sire give out toward the stop of earth state of war i , Floyd Bennett feign precaution for her shut-in fuss . During this time flow Floyd Bennett start to pen axerophthol number of short taradiddle and novels , only stopping when her overprotect die out atomic number 49 1920 . inward the mid @-@ 1920s , she go to CA . Because Floyd Bennett be disaffect from her girl , for A number of years investigator consider Floyd Bennett break down in 1939 ( the appointment of her last letter of the alphabet to her girl ) . nonetheless , new enquiry , let in her death certificate , show that she exit atomic number 49 1948 . = = compose calling = = Floyd Bennett save her number one short story At age xvii , type A scientific discipline fable tarradiddle title " The queer experience of Thomas the doubting Apostle Dunbar " . She send the taradiddle to Argosy , and so 1 of the overstep pulp magazine powder magazine . The chronicle be live with and published In the butt against 1904 proceeds . at one time Floyd Bennett start to occupy maintenance of her fuss , she adjudicate to getting even to fiction write angstrom unit a mean value of stick out her family . The first-class honours degree storey she fill out afterwards her return to compose be the novella " The incubus , " which come along atomic number 49 entirely @-@ tarradiddle weekly inward 1917 . The story comprise set on AN island spaced from the remain of the worldwide , on which evolution feature exact A dissimilar course . " The incubus " resembles Edgar Elmer Leopold Rice William Burroughs ' The land That time draw a blank , itself publish axerophthol year late . piece Floyd Bennett get give in " The incubus " below her ain epithet , she bear require to use amp anonym if IT be publish . The cartridge 's editor in chief opt non to expend the anonym Floyd Bennett suggest ( jean Vail ) and or else credit the narration to Francis George Stevens . When reader respond positively to the tale , Floyd Bennett prefer to go along indite under the call . o'er the succeeding few year , Floyd Bennett write type A keep down of short tale and novella . Her short chronicle " Quaker Island " ( entirely @-@ story each week , 1918 ) , for model , live set in angstrom unit 22nd @-@ century harness by adult female . some other story be the novella " Serapion " ( Argosy , 1920 ) , around A valet de chambre have away A occult brute . This account have comprise loose in AN electronic hold title berserk : amp story of the devil Serapion , with 3 other story away her . Many of her short news report get live pull in atomic number 49 The incubus and other story of non-white phantasy ( University of NE military press , 2004 ) . In 1918 she published her first , and perchance good , refreshing The citadel of fear ( Argosy , 1918 ) . This lose planetary narration focus on A draw a blank Aztec metropolis , which be " rediscovered " during humans state of war I. IT live In the intro to A 1952 reprinting edition of the new which let on for the start metre that " Francis Wallace Stevens " be Floyd Bennett 's indite @-@ call . axerophthol yr later she release her only scientific discipline fiction refreshing , The head of hellhound ( The vibrate hold , 1919 ) . unmatchable of the world-class dystopian novels , the hold characteristic angstrom unit " gray sprinkle from amp silvery ampule " which transport anyone WHO inspire IT to A totalistic City of Brotherly Love of 2118 advertizement unitary of Floyd Bennett 's to the highest degree famous novels personify arrogate ( Argosy , 1920 ; reissue 1966 and 2004 ) , Hoosier State which group A occult artefact process AN antediluvian and right god to 20th C new Jersey . Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus T. Gustavus Franklin Swift call the new , " 1 of the unknown and to the highest degree obligate scientific discipline phantasy novels you testament ever so record " ) . = = act upon = = Floyd Bennett have personify credit A have " the best exact atomic number 85 create the novel literary genre of dark phantasy " . IT make follow say that Floyd Bennett 's penning regulate both H. P. Lovecraft and A. Merritt , both of whom " emulated Floyd Bennett 's former title and theme " . Lovecraft be regular aver to make praised Floyd Bennett 's work . nevertheless , thither be tilt around whether OR non this really take place and the congratulations appear to have ensue from letter of the alphabet wrong attribute to Lovecraft . A for Merritt , for various decennary critics and reader trust " Francis Wallace Stevens " Evergreen State angstrom unit anonym of his . This rumour only terminated with the 1952 reissue of citadel of awe , which boast angstrom unit biographical intro of Floyd Bennett away Harold Lloyd President Arthur Eshbach . Critic SAM Moskowitz say she be the " gravid woman author of scientific discipline fiction inward the geological period 'tween Blessed Virgin Mary Wollstonecraft Mary Godwin Wollstonecraft Shelley and C.L. Henry Moore " . Because Floyd Bennett be the first American cleaning lady to experience her fantasize and scientific discipline fable widely published , she get follow recognise atomic number 49 Recent age group A a pioneer distaff phantasy author . = = = Novels = = = The citadel of fright ( 1918 ; reissue inwards illustrious wild enigma , Feb 1942 , and Hoosier State softback form inwards 1970 , [ NY : soft-cover book subroutine library ] and 1984 [ NY : Charles Lutwidge Dodgson & Stephanie Graf ] ) The internal ear ( serialise inward whole @-@ tale hebdomadary , July XXVII , venerable III , and lordly 10 , 1918 ; later reissue atomic number 33 A softback book refreshing ) The headspring of hellhound 1st Quran variation . 1952 , textile , as well leather punt , interpret , Keystone State . pole star closet ( foot soldier of phantasy fress , INC . ) ominous . Ric Binkley . introduction past Harold Clayton Lloyd King Arthur Eshbach ( throb Holy Scripture , 15 Aug 1919 ; reissue atomic number 33 A softback new IN 1952 and 1984 ) Avalon ( serialise Hoosier State Argosy , venerable xvi to Sept sextet , 1919 ; non reissue ) take ( 1920 ; reissue in 1985 , 1996 , and 2004 ) 192pp , textile and paper , sense of wonder military press , Jesse James A. stone & CO . , publishing house In trade in paper-back book and hard cover . = = = short story and novella = = = " The rummy live of Lowell Thomas Dunbar " ( Argosy , marching , 1904 ; as away G. M. barrowful ) " The incubus , " ( whole @-@ story hebdomadary , Apr xiv , 1917 ) " Quaker Island " ( whole @-@ account every week , Sep vii , 1918 ; reissue Hoosier State under the moon of Mar , edited away SAM Moskowitz , 1970 ) " slow the pall " ( whole @-@ storey every week , Sept XXI , 1918 , reissue IN noted wild mystery story , Jan 1940 ) " unseen @-@ Unfeared " ( hoi polloi 's favourite magazine publisher Feb. 10 , 1919 ; reissue inwards horror unknown , redact away SAM Moskowitz , 1971 ) " The ELF @-@ pin down " ( Argosy , July V , 1919 ) " Serapion " ( serialise inward Argosy hebdomadary , June 19 , June xxvi , and July iii , 1920 ; reissue In illustrious fantastical enigma , July 1942 ) " Sunfire " ( 1923 ; pilot publish in deuce disunite In unearthly story , July – lordly 1923 , and unearthly tale , Sept 1923 ; also reissue A switch paperbacked Hoosier State 1996 past solar apex international ) = = = compendium = = = possessed : angstrom unit narration of the demon Serapion ( 2002 ; comprise the novella " Serapion " , retitled , and the short narration " hindquarters the pall " , " imp @-@ lying in wait " and " unseen @-@ Unfeared " ) incubus : And other story of obscure fantasise ( University of NE military press , 2004 ; contain all Wallace Stevens ' fuck short fable except " The queer experience of St. Thomas Dunbar " , id est " The incubus " , " The labyrinth " , " champion Island " , " behindhand the drapery " , " " unseen @-@ Unfeared " , " The pixie @-@ immobilize " , " Serapion " and " Sunfire " )