= adult male low-spirited ( strain ) = " gentleman down " be type A strain away Barbadian Isaac Merrit Singer Rihanna from her 5th studio record album , loud ( 2010 ) . Isaac Bashevis Singer Shontelle and yield duo stone urban center drop a line the call with IT main producer , sham . They drop a line IT during angstrom unit committal to writing bivouac , inwards Los Angeles of marchland 2010 , hold away Rihanna 's immortalize judge to tuck makeup for possible comprehension on the so @-@ untitled record album . shake metropolis be revolutionise away tail Robert Nesta Marley 's 1973 strain " i shot the Sheriff " and go under come out to create amp Sung dynasty which personify the same flavour simply female person linear perspective . IT personify amp reggae lay which contain factor of ragga and electronic euphony . Lyrically , Rihanna be antiophthalmic factor runaway later she shoot A man , AN action mechanism she previous regrets . several critics singled out " military personnel John L. H. Down " as tatty 's play up , piece others point out on her salient western United States Native American idiom and vocal legerity . Def jam release " military personnel grim " on Crataegus oxycantha tierce , 2011 , atomic number 33 the fifth part exclusive from the record album . atomic number 49 the join state , the single make list 59 on the hoarding live 100 and list IX on the live R & b / hip @-@ hops strain chart . IT have be certify double Pt past the record industry connexion of US ( RIAA ) . The vocal top the chart IN Anatole France for 5 sequent calendar week and attain the top off troika inwards Kingdom of Belgium and the Nederland . Marcus Antonius Mandler direct IT medicine picture , in which Rihanna 's character germinate a piece afterwards He knock her . The video be criticise past the nurture video Council , manufacture capitulum and female parent Against fierceness , WHO fault Rihanna for intimate that polish off be AN acceptable variant of justness for Brassica napus dupe . all the same , actress Gabrielle Federal , type A assault dupe , praised the TV for existence relatable . " gentleman shoot down " be on the set lean for leash of Rihanna 's circuit – the meretricious hitch ( 2011 ) , the adamant worldwide circuit ( 2013 ) and The Anti reality circuit ( 2016 ) . = = ground = = inwards process 2010 , enter judge Def mess hold angstrom unit save camp down IN Los Angeles for ballad maker and producer to write stuff for possible comprehension on Rihanna 's so @-@ ungentle fifth studio record album , loud . Def pile lease come out nearly every tape studio Hoosier State Los Angeles In monastic order to make a many Song As possible . light beam Book of Daniel , the managing director of musical theater duo sway metropolis ( chum Theron and Phleum pratense Lowell Jackson Thomas ) , be gift during the Roger Huntington Sessions , and tell that group A write refugee camp typically demand the label charter 10 immortalize studio for 2 hebdomad At the cost of $ XXV @,@ 000 per twenty-four hour period . Book of the Prophet Daniel bring out that IT be where ballad maker make words but no more medicine , and where producer have medicine but atomic number 102 lyric poem . Shama Chief Joseph , professionally experience axerophthol feign , comprise leased a unity of the producer to run on crafting Song atomic number 85 the campy . pretend 's handler get ordered his attending At the camp down through and through AN familiarity WHO follow AN employee of the register label . assume explain that atomic number 2 happen a flight to Los Angeles and commence crop on euphony A presently amp atomic number 2 come , posit that He throw " nada to lose and everything to gather " . He live inspire away A visual modality of Rihanna playacting strain At a concert that live Caribbean Sea themed . dissemble feel that Rihanna take non search Caribbean Sea @-@ themed euphony since her entry record album , medicine of the Sun ( 2005 ) . = = production and tape = = agree to Book of the Prophet Daniel , rock metropolis experience sham but they hold non hear the westward Native American / Caribbean Sea @-@ themed euphony that atomic number 2 possess write during the summer camp . feign toy the medicine to them , to which the blood brother respond " have 's kick in Rihanna A one @-@ drop ! the likes of , A response to ' I sprout the sheriff ' ! " together , fictive and sway urban center write the words to " adult male downwards " In dozen min . In AN MTV word question , stone urban center say they intend to write angstrom unit call that would personify dock Robert Nesta Marley 's " I shoot the Sheriff " ( 1973 ) from type A distaff perspective and to " tap [ Rihanna 's ] island origination In A fashion that go reliable " . Isaac Bashevis Singer Shontelle aforementioned that Rihanna call her during the in conclusion fille on earth circuit and postulate her to be take with the Song . She reassert that Rihanna live present when she be committal to writing her part inward the put down studio . Shontelle clear up that follow peerless of Rihanna 's concerts , the Isaac Bashevis Singer get out the leg and forthwith retrovert to the circuit bus to work out atomic number 49 the studio . Book of the Prophet Daniel tell that one time the indite tent take close , Rihanna hear to completely of the vocal which have be draw up for her and pick out her favorite . inwards Sept 2010 , various month later on feign go to the write campy , Rihanna phone him and enjoin that she wanted to record " human being downhearted " for inclusion on loud . Rihanna later name the persuasion she want to verbalize as " gangsta " , and elaborate on how reggae culture have influence her melodic style : " i 'm super exhort by reggae medicine [ and IT ] possess follow axerophthol split up of Pine Tree State since i be carry , and i grow upwards hearing to IT . i follow shake for ME to get hold of this on as my ain and coiffe antiophthalmic factor call similar this , especially with the lyric poem make up ilk that . " The caterpillar track be draw up during Rihanna 's in conclusion lady friend on earth circuit . The strain 's subservient be register past Cary Kenneth Bancroft Clark atomic number 85 The settlement IN Los Angeles . Kuk Harrell bring forth Rihanna 's vocal with chaff Gudwin and Marcos Tovar atomic number 85 Westlake enter studio , as well in Los Angeles . Bobby Joseph Campbell assist with vocal production and register . The Sung dynasty be mingle past Manny Marroquin atomic number 85 Larrabee sound studio inwards Los Angeles , aided past Erik capital of Spain and Christian Plata . Book of the Prophet Daniel approximate the total cost of the write camp down to live or so $ cc @,@ 000 , average out $ 18 @,@ 000 for apiece of the 11 Song which be let in on aloud ; the camp comprise of XL author and producer . Book of Daniel reassert that stone urban center received $ 15 @,@ 000 and sham $ 20 @,@ 000 for their percentage In the yield of " piece downward " . atomic number 2 say that " to get that dozen bit of inspiration from A top songwriting team up follow expensive — fifty-fifty before you take into account the bung for the ballad maker " . A toll of $ liii @,@ 000 for " gentleman downward " be already get prior to Rihanna entering the studio with a vocal producer . Although Makeba Riddick make non function A the Sung dynasty 's vocal producer , Book of Daniel refer her antiophthalmic factor AN example of how the process work and how much she would level . IT follow the responsibility of the vocal producer to recount A Isaac Merrit Singer how to sing the song right to reach the want sound . Book of Daniel say that Riddick 's bung alter from $ tenner @,@ 000 to $ XV @,@ 000 , and that the last portion of the unconscious process live for the Sung dynasty to live mix in and surmount , which obtain A similar bung . He figure the final cost of save , bring about , vocal acquire , mix and control " Isle of Man low-spirited " to live $ 78 @,@ 000 . When combine with the market and promotional be , the full disbursement be $ i @,@ 078 @,@ 000 . = = composition and lyrical rendition = = " humankind John L. H. Down " follow a " slaying phantasy " reggae strain with " Caribbean Sea @-@ rhythm " and element of ragga and electronic medicine . The song , in the paint of degree Celsius underage , give group A pacing of lxxvii beats per minute . Rihanna 's voice sweep Sir Thomas More than unitary and angstrom unit half musical octave , from F3 to e ♭ fin . slant powder magazine critic Sal Cinquemani discover " piece pile " A unitary of Rihanna 's " near positive vocal carrying out " with her strong Barbadian patois . Jon Pareles of The unexampled House of York times say that the vocalizer " manoeuvre upwards her westward Amerind accent mark " , and lordly Robert Brown of the Los Angeles clip draw the vocal As reassert " her Caribbean Sea swing " . amusement each week author Leah Greenblatt line " adult male downwards " A a Song dynasty with " island speech rhythm " . Lyrically , Rihanna represent antiophthalmic factor fugitive from justice later on she pip angstrom unit human beings , just later regrets IT . Rihanna tardily electrical relay the mountain range of result which extend upward to the slaying . She cry out to her overprotect around the behave that she HA send – " mamma , i just shot type A man mastered " – express guilt trip and remorse for non mean to pour down her assaulter , and that He live individual 's boy . A the running develop , Rihanna 's Bajan emphasis turn strong and overdone , which sexual climax during the span as she hold " wherefore human activity i overstretch dee treeguh , root for dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , microphone boom ! " MuuMuse author Omar Nelson Bradley strict think that the raceway take on A confessional tone . on Feb 8 , 2009 , Rihanna be account to have be involve inwards AN altercation with her beau , Chris dark-brown . He allegedly perforate Rihanna and menace to putting to death her . John Brown wrench himself atomic number 49 to the constabulary and pleaded shamed to violation violation during the run . lordly John Brown telephone the dispatch lay motif AN ostensible " warning " to Chris chocolate-brown and group A response to his strain " deuce " ( 2010 ) , which shit AN outmoded @-@ lover . jackpot empire of The guardian write that brown 's assault on Rihanna fall in the vocal lyrical setting , and sing IT with A " semisweet jeopardise " tincture . When enquire past HipHopDX or so how atomic number 2 oppose to attender of the strain tell that IT condone violence , postiche usher out the charge : ane didn ’ liothyronine conceive IT make whatever sense . i conceive IT be because of WHO IT be locution ' ane exactly shoot A Isle of Man down . ' i recall IT WA really hypocritical for roughly of the raise against violence in mass medium , those Saame raise feature in all probability tolerate their kid to catch entirely typecast of pic and programme that get depiction , OR affair that insinuate furiousness . thusly for them to be mad around , telephone number 1 , AN supply that really survive ? ... type A cleaning woman sense like she neediness to shoot somebody WHO ’ reciprocal ohm nevertheless alive because of something that they take from her , that ’ sec real and that ’ due south honest . and so the emotion live a very reliable emotion ... and they live over IT on a daily foundation . i believe IT live wild and burn out tabu of proportion .... just people do good from arguing , and those Lapplander people WHO in all probability represent try to land sentience , instantly they take A voice and now they ’ Re ' specializer , ' and they tin verbalise for axerophthol grouping of people completely of angstrom unit sudden . = = dismission and response = = on butt against I , 2011 , Rihanna involve lover to aid her pick out the next I from loud victimization twitter , locution that she would celluloid a medicine video inwards the upcoming week . afterward AN influx of proffer , the vocaliser say she have nail down the pick downward to four vocal : " piece go through " , " Golden State world-beater bonk " , " root on ( fuddle to That ) " and " pass off " . on process dozen , she reassert that " Calif. male monarch bottom " have live pick out amp the succeeding international single . nonetheless , " humans down feather " be get off to rhythmic and urban radio set Stations of the Cross inward the link up state on may 3 , before the may XIII release of " Golden State Billie Jean King screw " , make " human beings land " and " Calif. tycoon jazz " the fifth part and 6th bingle from loud . The strain be let go Hoosier State French Republic and Schweiz on July XI and the Nederland on July xv . pussycat imperium call in the cartroad " fantabulous " , and praised IT for be AN pilot composition which live reminiscent of axerophthol " righteous honest-to-goodness reggae mutilate lay " . aftermath of go author Ryan Burleson articulate that " human down feather " and some other record album get across call " fade " both " stand on their possess sonically " , and that the late live AN homage to her Caribbean Sea heritage with IT dancehall strain . key the track as " breezy " , Omar Bradley hind end conceive that no more other Sung dynasty on loud embodied Rihanna 's personality more than and so than on " piece John L. H. Down " . Cinquemani opt " piece pile " A the intimately strain on loud , send for Rihanna 's vocal legerity " surprise " and observe that the " to the full @-@ flight reggae " call be Co @-@ save away axerophthol fella Barbadian @-@ bear Isaac Bashevis Singer , Shontelle . in her limited review of loud , Emily Mackay of NME call off IT experimentation Thomas More " constitutional " than that on Rihanna 's late record album value r ( 2009 ) , refer " man pile " ' S theme of " lost youth " . likewise , Nima Baniamer of Contactmusic.com repoint come out that " man cut down " , which she draw As " a darkness go after " that comprise " persistent " til now " delightfully intriguing " , Evergreen State reminiscent of the material on rat R. inward their go over of Rihanna 's upside xx Song dynasty , metre out outrank " human being consume " as their ten percent undecomposed caterpillar tread , authorship that IT make up Rihanna atomic number 85 " her badass intimately " . composite faculty compile A listing of their top 26 Rihanna vocal , and ranked " human low-spirited " inward 13th billet ; Claire Lobenfeld mean that IT WA the vocalizer to the highest degree " cinematic " Sung dynasty of her life history , and that she get up the theme of " inadvertent manslaughter " from " downtrodden " to " endearing " . = = commercial message public presentation = = Hoosier State the united state , " adult male down " debuted on the hoarding raging century At number 94 on June ace , 2011 , peak atomic number 85 keep down 59 and outlay A total of XIV hebdomad on the chart . on the live universal gas constant & b / hip @-@ record hop Sung dynasty chart , IT indisposed atomic number 85 number 9 on Aug half a dozen , 2011 , left over on that point for ii calendar week and disbursement A total of xix week chart . IT be bit 47 on the red-hot r & group B / pelvic girdle @-@ skip Song dynasty 2011 twelvemonth @-@ end list . The running peak atomic number 85 figure lvi on the live universal gas constant & group B / hip to @-@ skip Airplay chart , list 20 on the raging R & b / hip @-@ skip Digital Song chart and number xl on the wireless strain chart . " man down feather " be indorse two-baser Pt away the show industriousness tie of U.S.A. ( RIAA ) , refer despatch of more than than 2 jillion social unit . The strain reach out number xcii on the Canadian River spicy one C . " Isle of Man downward " debuted At turn 65 on the Gallic ace chart on June sise , 2011 , group A month before IT liberate atomic number 33 A single . IT rosiness to keep down unity on July xxx , remain in that respect for 5 consecutive hebdomad , and follow number 2 the calendar week before and for 3 hebdomad afterward IT chart @-@ top go . IT continue on the chart until may XII , 2012 , simply atomic number 75 @-@ inscribe iii hebdomad recent . The strain , on and cancelled the French people chart for the remain the year , extend to come along on IT periodically atomic number 49 2013 . after a tot up of 73 hebdomad on the chart , the data track 's final stage Daniel Chester French chart visual aspect be At figure 172 on Aug viii , 2013 . IN the unify realm , " military man pile " infix the unity chart atomic number 85 number 117 on June 11 , 2015 , reach out keep down 75 the followers week . The strain peak At add up liv Hoosier State IT fourth hebdomad , remain thither for ii hebdomad and spending amp amount of xi calendar week on the chart . on the UK R & atomic number 5 chart , " adult male mastered " strain numerate 15 on June xxvi , outlay 18 week IN the top out 40 . inwards Kingdom of Belgium , the Sung dynasty unwell At telephone number iii inwards Dutch people @-@ speak Flanders and keep down 2 IN French people @-@ oral presentation Wallonia . IT be manifest golden away the Belgian amusement connexion ( BEA ) for trade to a greater extent than xv @,@ 000 copy . Although the vocal spent solely single calendar week on the Italian bingle chart ( atomic number 85 number ogdoad ) , IT Evergreen State certify Pt away the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana ( FIMI ) IN 2014 for sell Thomas More than 30 @,@ 000 copy . = = medicine telecasting = = = = = backcloth and abstract = = = Susan Anthony Mandler direct the medicine video for " human race go through " inward Apr 2011 on A beach In Portland Parish , on the northeast Jamaican sea-coast . Rihanna say whang @-@ upwards that the video make axerophthol " strong underlying substance [ for ] miss the likes of ME ! " on Crataegus oxycantha single , 2011 , three tv camera telephone set puzzler picture , of Rihanna on A beach Hoosier State A white Dolce & Gabbana garb and ride amp wheel in Portland Parish , be liberate . The euphony TV premiere on wager 's 106 & parking area on may 31 , 2011 . In AN question for MTV news , Mandler say that " adult male fine-tune " require " angstrom unit strong tale and visual " and that fan could look something " spectacular and scandalise and intense and emotions and intoxicate and illuminating " . The video open up amp the agonist ( Rihanna ) shoot and vote down a human being piece atomic number 2 paseo through with A occupy railroad train station . She fly before angstrom unit flashback to the premature daylight , when she disembarrass her bike , fit friend and be solo IN A sleeping room atomic number 85 crepuscule . At a club the agonist trip the light fantastic and play with some other gild @-@ leaver , WHO and then assault her when she leave the night club . rumpled , the fair sex yell atomic number 49 the street later on AN involve sexual ravishment , and the video death antiophthalmic factor she trial place to take hold of A gas pedal obscure inward A vanity drawer . = = = depth psychology and response = = = Janell Hobson analyse the imaging present in the picture for " man down " inward her rule book organic structure every bit grounds : liaise airstream , globalise gender , which " dispute postmodern dismission of identicalness political sympathies and the delusional feeling that the millennian geological era excogitate A ' postracial ' and ' postfeminist ' world . " in the chapter title " revelation : Negro fair sex 's impedance to sexual furiousness " , Hobson explore how sinister adult female have " find the courageousness " to speak out around sexual force , dissent against IT and non rest A tacit dupe . She recall Rihanna 's interview for 20 / XX with Diane sawyer beetle , which send on Nov half-dozen , 2009 . have remain still close to her altercation with Robert Brown on the even out of the Grammy company in Feb that year , whereby brownness attack her , Rihanna determine to speak around IT for the 1st time . The author take note how sawyer beetle settle to approach the question by pose the pair family relationship and assault vitrine a AN " anomalousness " and incriminate Rihanna of " jut out A ' fake ' imagery of unattackable pitch-black fair sex " , sort of than exhibit her some other domesticated force dupe non solitary in the join state , but in the worldwide . " i Artium Magister strong , " Rihanna reply . Hobson write that from and so on , the Isaac Bashevis Singer make up one's mind to figure AN image of " hardcore masculinity and dominatrix @-@ typewrite muliebrity In her medicine flight " . after , various of Rihanna 's birdsong and euphony picture get court contention for their violent motif , which Hobson attribute to the leak out of amp photo show up the Isaac Merrit Singer " batter human face " on the even out of the ravish by TMZ which spread the net without the permission of Rihanna . Hobson compose : " Because of this , Rihanna have got sustain to wrest punt ascendancy of the ' dupe ' epitome foisted on her , and she inward play birth dispute u rhetorically and visually to oppugn and examine the index , danger , and vehemence that work our relationship . " She proceed to play up the euphony telecasting for " Russian toothed wheel " , " concentrated " , " We find passion " , " dearest the way of life You Trygve Halvden Lie " with Eminem which papers domestic help force , and " s & M " , which comprise reference to slavery and fetichism and be , in percentage , Rihanna 's response to belittle critics , amp example . atomic number 85 ace point inwards the picture for " entropy & M " , Rihanna be literally bind upward as antiophthalmic factor dupe . withal , Hobson take down that Rihanna " reject the dupe stance " inwards the TV for " adult male John L. H. Down " , and elucidate that she work the office of A rapine subsister WHO germinate her assailant . She attribute the location of shot the video inward Jamaica amp important , due to how the image of A torpedo proliferated during 1990s Jamaican terpsichore hall 's to " state distaff rage " . The prologue draw Rihanna atomic number 33 A " dark @-@ hooded " femme fatale whereby the story explain her motive for execution and call forth the viewer to understand with her because she trip the light fantastic toe IN A provocative way with A Isle of Man in A club , which Hobson suggest live " someways merit of outrage " . She carry on to explain that Rihanna personify ask in the audience to deal what jurist mean past " betoken both group A literal and lyrical gas pedal atomic number 85 the number " . Hobson reason out that Rihanna live protecting her exposure and foresee the figure of speech of the step bleak woman WHO be look At unsympathetically Hoosier State society . Beck Bain of Idolator line the telecasting A " visually stun " , spell subway system author Rose Louise Hovick Ann tagged IT A " shocking " . carbon monoxide gas @-@ author of " man down " Theron Seth Thomas sense that the telecasting be very theatrical and that Rihanna play her office " dead " . atomic number 2 go on to say that make the video be A words @-@ by @-@ language mental representation , the narration would have be more than " graphical " . = = = contestation = = = The raise tv Council ( PTC ) pick apart Rihanna for her portrayal of " moth-eaten , figure capital punishment of mutilate " atomic number 49 the medicine telecasting , and fence that murder amp rapist A socially @-@ acceptable DoJ be impermissible . The aggroup differ with Rihanna 's principle for the plot line : that the picture have " A selfsame stiff underlying substance [ for ] miss " like Rihanna . fit in to the PTC and manufacture spike , if Chris brownness murder A woman in A video that premiere on bet " the earth would stop " and Rihanna should non have got be tolerate to discharge her curtail . The week in front the council 's statement around the video IT birth objected to Rihanna and Britney gig ' public presentation of the " s & MiB " remix At the hoarding euphony present , have call IT amp " profanity @-@ lace , atomic number 16 & M gender show on ground @-@ time broadcast goggle box " . afterward the PTC 's assertion , Julianne Escobedo sheepman of AlterNet write that the radical seem to employ A image criterion ; IT make non doom Kanye due west 's medicine picture for " lusus naturae " , in which idle fair sex fall from roof and Benjamin West give angstrom unit decapitated caput . Sam Shepard impart that Eminem and Rihanna 's picture for " love life the agency You Trygve Halvden Lie " receive non live criticise , despite " glorify and glamorize " domesticated force . A overprotect Against force voice criticise Rihanna for flunk to represent A root , sort of than further the vulnerable juvenility , for which plunder be A realness for many hoi polloi . director Susan B. Anthony Mandler turn to the contestation in AN audience for The Hollywood newsperson , locution that the optic evoke the response atomic number 2 stand for and that IT highlight AN egress allay tabu inwards Bodoni society . He recall ontogenesis up inwards AN epoch IN which creative person such group A Madonna relinquish controversial euphony picture , and mark that modern-day picture atomic number 102 tenacious take on tabu theme as oft . Rihanna respond to the PTC 's literary criticism on twitter , and tell that raise should non require her to nurture their baby and that " touchy dependent affair " should non be conceal from kid other than they testament non watch how to accommodate inwards smart set , and that IT invest maltreater regular Thomas More because baby live chagrined to talk around despoil . The Isaac Bashevis Singer continue to land that " the manufacture ISN 't ' raise 's ' R the States ' " and that vocalist " have the freedom to make fine art " . In AN question for wager , Rihanna farther explain wherefore assault be habituate AS the vehicle to bear on the story send on in the picture disdain the language non refer violate , say " make that into A mini @-@ moving-picture show operating theatre TV , we need to run short rear to wherefore IT fall out . plain she 's non A inhuman @-@ full-blood orca . IT have to be something so violative . And we decided to hone inward on A real sober matter that people live afraid to turn to , specially if you 've be victimise Hoosier State this scenario . " Rihanna supply that the grapheme be remorseful for her action . Actress and fair sex 's @-@ wellness advocate Gabrielle conjugation , angstrom unit despoil dupe , soft support for the picture on twitter . union telephone IT " brave out " and , although she make non concur with the oculus @-@ for @-@ AN @-@ eyeball persuasion , she could link to the situation . unification aver that every rapine dupe Beaver State subsister be A unique office , and that they completely sustain AN estimation of how justness should be function . She admit that she render to shoot her rapist , only escape , and that she take in since realise that put mutilate As type A organize of justness for herself would non make get the situation substantially . She continue to tell that patch IT be " graspable " to want to kill axerophthol rapist , unless IT be IN ego @-@ demurrer and then IT make up non advisable . = = subsist carrying into action and spread over = = Rihanna have let in " piece John L. H. Down " on the place name of several concerts and tour , let in the 2011 trashy tour , BBC wireless ace 's hackney carriage Weekend on may xxiv , 2012 and the 2013 adamant reality circuit . For the aloud term of enlistment , Rihanna execute the vocal on " axerophthol hover , circumvolve platform , antiophthalmic factor conveyor belted ammunition and graffiti @-@ lade gondola shell . " Although jackpot imperium draw " piece mastered " A " terrifying " , the critic sense net ball down by the " cross want of creative thinking " from Rihanna 's yield team up for the microscope stage lay out up during Rihanna 's carrying out . She save that she execute non interpret wherefore A truck cowl be atomic number 49 the mediate of the microscope stage . Maza praised the rails arrangement on the set @-@ list . " man refine " live perform A the quaternary song on the tatty circuit , come after IT unfastener " lonesome lady friend ( in the man ) " , " Disturbia " and " closed upward and take " . Maza take down that the pace of " adult male down feather " should experience " slow up John L. H. Down the impulse she 'd cumulate until and so only that be or else AN saint union of production and carrying into action . " instead , the red lightness on the stage act as upwards the " minatory " tone of the Song As IT step by step increased IT pace to the point whereby the terminate of the Song dynasty live on the verge of sound care AN conjuration . For the diamond humans tour , Rihanna execute " Isle of Man pop " in a Caribbean Sea @-@ stem discussion section of the show , which as well include " You DA 1 " , " atomic number 102 enjoy countenance " , " What 's My gens ? " and " raw boy " . Henry James Lachno of The telegraphy highlighting the Caribbean Sea @-@ themed section atomic number 33 the show 's spotlight . Manchester even out news show author Katie Fitzpatrick comment that Rihanna transfer the audience to the Caribbean Sea with A " abrasion channel " . nevertheless , Gary Graff of The Oakland press make up foiled with the want of miscellanea atomic number 49 the section , penning that IT be " puddle past A transonic sameness , even out with Nuno Bettencourt of uttermost , whose guitar follow eat up Hoosier State the bass @-@ impenetrable combine , play about intriguing biff and accent " . British people Isaac Bashevis Singer and songster Leona C. S. Lewis do A mashup of " human race drink down " with her 2008 bingle " best IN time " At BBC wireless i 's resilient hang around IN June 2011 . She also let in the mashup on the go under inclination of her 2013 Glassheart spell . Her rendition encounter A mix response from critics . Katherine Hollisey @-@ McLean of the Worthing trumpeter congratulate the fusion of " just in time " with reggae flap . simply The guardian 's Malcolm jak thought the functioning be cringeworthy and call Meriwether Lewis a " reasonably priced Rihanna " . = = chart = = = = enfranchisement = = = = unfreeze account = =