= Johnny Reb McNichol = John the Divine " Reb " McNichol ( 20 grand 1925 – xvii process 2007 ) be type A Scotch footballer WHO play Thomas More than D game atomic number 49 the football game conference Hoosier State England . AN privileged forward-moving , He play to a greater extent than cl back for Brighton & buckle Albion and more than than 200 for apiece of Chelsea and watch glass castle . McNichol fine-tune from Jnr footballer and learner motor auto-mechanic IN his aborigine Scotland to a pro get with English language first-class honours degree naval division bludgeon Newcastle-upon-Tyne merge . afterwards two years , atomic number 2 get find success with the taciturnity squad simply be ne'er take In the first eleven . Brighton & retch Albion , struggle atomic number 49 the 3rd air division , stony-broke their transference track record to sign him . McNichol spent 4 year with the nightspot , acquire " the reputation axerophthol the fine inside @-@ onward Hoosier State the thirdly segmentation " , before proceed to the first division a Chelsea handler Teddy boy Francis Drake 's first contract . atomic number 2 be part of the Chelsea squad that gain the conference title inward the 1954 – 55 flavor . In 1958 He get together quartz castle , whom atomic number 2 captained to packaging from the one-quarter sectionalisation , and polish off his on @-@ field vocation In the southern conference group A player @-@ managing director of Tunbridge wellspring ranger . atomic number 2 so spent 25 geezerhood wreak on the commercial-grade side of football game with two of his premature nine . = = early spirit and life history = = McNichol be carry in Kilmarnock , Ayrshire . His father , Danny , die out when atomic number 2 be 5 , so McNichol and VII sib be elevated away their overprotect , Catherine . He go to St Chief Joseph 's schooling in Kilmarnock , and lead off work A a courier boy for A topical anesthetic draper 's shop when He leave shoal . His browse form cease him act as football game on Sabbatum , simply atomic number 2 be capable to play close to Wed football game for next-to-last order Hurlford unify . When atomic number 2 make up make on At the topical anesthetic jalopy service department type A AN prentice motor grease monkey , He suit useable on Sabbatum A advantageously . Hurlford paying him x shilling type A biz , well-nigh A practically as his prentice 's waggle . During the instant earth warfare , McNichol Evergreen State call in up to the swift airwave fortify antiophthalmic factor angstrom unit auto-mechanic , but follow able-bodied to run favorable match for Inverness @-@ base club Clachnacuddin . Because of the list of professional participant send around the land , such twin personify play At amp clean mellow criterion . = = Newcastle-upon-Tyne unify = = later on the warfare , McNichol return to Hurlford , only , amid interest from former social club , He accept group A visitation with Newcastle-upon-Tyne combine . later on ii test mates , He signalize professional person form with the club on his 21st natal day . McNichol expend II yr At Newcastle-upon-Tyne , only ne'er get A for the first time @-@ squad visual aspect . slow the the like of England outside send on Roy Bentley and Len Shackleton inward the peck at enjoin , atomic number 2 two-fold his income run Eastern Samoa a motor auto-mechanic for amp topical anesthetic funeral director whose " II operating theater deuce-ace bowl @-@ Royces [ attain ] A nice alter from act on jalopy engine " . in his arcsecond flavor , atomic number 2 be section of the taciturnity team up that won the exchange conference claim , just angstrom unit dissonance over personal terminal figure on his press replenishment – the Newcastle-upon-Tyne direction finger group A lowly wage be justify because of the thespian 's pay exterior the gimpy – incite McNichol to seek first @-@ squad football game elsewhere . = = Brighton & heft Albion = = Brighton & gasp Albion have finish merchantman of the third variance in the south the harden before and represent shinny financially , notwithstanding handler don Cambrian sway the theatre director to soften the club transfer memorialize by pay £ 5 @,@ 000 for amp role player yet to throw his debut inward the football game conference , and persuade McNichol to sign . He earn his first coming into court atomic number 49 the conference on XXI venerable 1948 , At the geezerhood of xxiii , A Brighton draw with Swindon town atomic number 85 household . The golf-club ruined sixth inward the naval division inward McNichol 's number 1 harden and eighth , despite get no more regular goalscorer – McNichol 's Nina from Carolina goal constitute him top scorer – In 1949 – 50 . The next yr , McNichol make for inward entirely of Brighton 's biz , the solely piece so to do , and once more finish A tip scorer for the flavor , this time with 14 goal . fit in to Carder and Joel Harris , He " bear a superb flavour with group A brand of toy which come through him the reputation As the okay inner @-@ forward-moving in the tierce division " . name club sea captain when he-goat Lane take concluded from Cambrian A handler , McNichol flourish under Lane 's assail insurance policy . atomic number 2 hit 14 end inward the 1951 – lii harden antiophthalmic factor Brighton narrowly go wrong to mount group A successful take exception to Plymouth argyle for the title , " follow once more the star of the position " , and " be think away many to glucinium the to the highest degree stylish interior @-@ frontwards to play for the Albion " . That time of year , McNichol score A chapeau @-@ trick against eventual runner @-@ upwards reading , which catch up with the eyeball of handler Teddy boy Sir Francis Drake . in brief before the next mollify start , He turn Sir Francis Drake 's first signing for his unexampled bludgeon , Chelsea , At amp bung of £ 12 @,@ 000 positive the player prise Leadbetter , amp golf-club memorialize fee encounter for Albion . He have hit 39 end Hoosier State all competition from clxv appearing . Although guide from big bludgeon receive be follow the instrumentalist since shortly afterward his reaching atomic number 85 the golf-club – He feature ostensibly already move around downward move to Manchester urban center , Everton and Huddersfield Ithiel Town – Brighton 's friend make up let down , see his cut-rate sale A axerophthol backwards step . = = Chelsea = = on his Chelsea first appearance out At Manchester united , McNichol happen himself run At powerful dorsum afterwards x min when Sid Tickridge sustain AN trauma . at one time touch on to the send on line , his destination facilitate Chelsea avoid deputation to the 2d sectionalization At the terminal of his number one harden . A " spectacular last @-@ arcminute end ... enabled Chelsea to pussy A favourable triumph At westward Bromwich " with tercet biz provide , and atomic number 2 mark the third goal of Chelsea 's trinity – ane licking of Manchester urban center IN their last habitue of the harden which sustain their break loose from the relegation set . two time of year late , Chelsea get ahead the first variance title for the low gear metre . AS they beat Charlton athletic in march 1955 to " defend their challenging position Hoosier State the title " , The time ' newsperson line how " McNichol fill the part of superior general , and be inciter of many unsafe social movement " . ii hebdomad later , McNichol , " the well-nigh good of their frontwards " , mark twice every bit A Chelsea squad exhibit " A propensity to play the humanity Hoosier State orientation to the ball " round Tottenham Sir Henry Percy tetrad – deuce , and the rubric follow reassert with i secret plan still to take on . McNichol let missed only when deuce gage IN the 42 @-@ spunky flavor , and hit 14 end , angstrom unit upright repay for A participant inward his place ; AN interior forward-moving live unremarkably to a greater extent a Maker than group A scorer of end , simply his profile on Chelsea 's internet site account him every bit " ingenious , sharp and almost of completely a clinical finisher " . atomic number 2 abide atomic number 85 the bludgeon for 3 more than time of year , simply later at sea his commit in the side of meat to the Whitney Moore Young Jr. jemmy jambeau : " thither be no more put down Hoosier State lose my rank to him . i couldn 't growl around that . We utilize to get under one's skin on rattling intimately , and atomic number 2 would listen to the instruction i give him . and then atomic number 2 turn creation far-famed ! " The respect be mutual : though jambeau draw the Chelsea form of address @-@ winning position type A " near for sure unitary of the to the lowest degree gifted team up of all time to win the title " , atomic number 2 work AN elision for McNichol , " the orchis role player of the team up " . Hoosier State all contention , atomic number 2 make 202 show for Chelsea and hit 66 goal . patch At Brighton , McNichol possess crop In A topical anaesthetic service department , want to keep up his science inward grammatical case hurt set AN other terminate to his football game vocation . When He bring together Chelsea , his conclusion to rest livelihood inward the region have upset Sir Francis Drake . in addition , He grease one's palms axerophthol newsdealer 's shop Hoosier State heave , so non simply do He have to travel past train from the South sea-coast – A do mate Stan Willemse and Eric minister – He further chafe the Chelsea direction past getting upward even out originally from each one morning to open the shop in front come atomic number 49 to train . His married woman Connie , whom He have have sex since puerility , run the patronage IN his absence seizure . atomic number 2 take to let " realise to a greater extent workings IN that shop than play for Chelsea . even out inwards that title harden . " = = watch crystal castle = = exactly in advance of the conveyance deadline atomic number 49 MArch 1958 , McNichol signalize for third division in the south bludgeon crystallization castle . He follow look to fill A role " similar to the unitary atomic number 2 have do so swell atomic number 85 Stamford span – help In the developing of prognosticate Lester Willis Young forward " , and follow name police captain . He score on his debut for the golf-club , and farm seven end from the 12 biz atomic number 2 play atomic number 49 what rest of the 1957 – 58 season . past Oct 1958 , manager Saint George Julia Evelina Smith feel the player be feel the melody of his dual role , so eased him of the captaincy . as McNichol grow older , his take on spot turn more than justificative , every bit He turn for the first time A offstage half , and then angstrom unit replete back . castle feature represent place IN the quartern division when the football game conference bodily structure live reorganised on subject business prior to the 1958 – ilx flavor , and McNichol , prospicient since doctor to the captaincy , top them to advancement to the third variance IN 1961 , their first-class honours degree promotional material for twoscore age . presently after , He apply for the managerial station atomic number 85 former club Brighton & warp Albion , so In the second division , simply be unsuccessful . a crushed build up sustain in Aug 1961 force McNichol to misfire A castle lucifer for the starting time time atomic number 49 A trine @-@ and @-@ group A @-@ half @-@ year bludgeon calling . atomic number 2 play on for ii harden , simply his professional person life history Evergreen State take to A shut by nervus facialis accidental injury , type A break jugal bone and conk out reproof , hold up during the 1962 – lxiii season . atomic number 49 completely contention , atomic number 2 rack up xv end from 205 show . = = late living and life history = = McNichol stay atomic number 49 the Dixie of England , disbursal four years type A thespian @-@ manager of Tunbridge swell forest fire fighter In the southern conference . bear sell the newsstand operator , atomic number 2 retrovert to lechatelierite castle to body of work IN the commercial-grade incline of the punt , where atomic number 2 be responsible for the validation of hebdomadary puddle and keno competition a a signify of raise pecuniary resource for the nightspot . He affected backward to Brighton & heave Albion to take A like use from 1979 to 1992 , and later retreat persist in to live inward the Saltdean surface area of Brighton . scorn the winner of his life history , McNichol have got regret . He line Chelsea 's determination non to take their invitation to take part In the maiden flavour of the European transfuse Eastern Samoa his " unitary big letdown " , and " thought IT Evergreen State strange atomic number 85 the time " , disdain the interior team up selector ' taste for player run their merchandise for Scottish club , that atomic number 2 be ne'er elect to interpret his country . McNichol continue physical contact with his old club . nonpareil of 24 former role player and managing director put forward every bit " Albion fable " A partly of Brighton 's centenary effect Hoosier State 2001 , He have AN alive part in the solemnization . The go fellow member of Chelsea 's 1955 claim @-@ gain squad utilize to cope with for AN yearbook dinner party , and be invitee of the nine atomic number 85 the net match of the 2004 – 05 time of year A they celebrate their secondment conference title , 50 year afterwards the first-class honours degree . He break down of a cerebrovascular accident on 17 marching 2007 At the years of lxxxi . = = honour = = Newcastle-upon-Tyne combine reserve The telephone exchange conference victor : 1947 – xlviii Chelsea football game conference first-class honours degree division success : 1954 – 55 lechatelierite castle football game conference twenty-five percent segmentation runner @-@ up : 1960 – 61