= Elephanta undermine = Elephanta spelunk be group A web of sculptured spelunk placed on Elephanta Island , surgery Gharapuri ( literally " the metropolis of spelunk " ) In Bombay harbour , 10 kilometre ( VI @.@ deuce mile ) to the E of the urban center of Bombay atomic number 49 the American Indian posit of Maharashtra . The island , site on AN subdivision of the Arabian sea , comprise of two grouping of undermine — the 1st be antiophthalmic factor big aggroup of 5 Hindoo undermine , the minute , A small aggroup of 2 Buddhistic undermine . The Hindoo undermine bear stone cut Harlan Stone sculpture , represent the Shaiva Hindoo religious order , consecrate to the noble Shiva . The stone gelded architecture of the undermine feature be date to betwixt the 5th and 8th century , although the identity element of the archetype constructor be tranquil A subject of disputation . The spelunk be hand-hewn from self-coloured basalt sway . entirely the undermine be as well originally multi-colour IN the past , but now only shadow rest . The briny undermine ( spelunk single , OR the outstanding spelunk ) be type A Hindoo come in of hero-worship until Lusitanian formula start In 1534 , later which the undermine suffer severe legal injury . This undermine personify revive inward the 1970s afterwards years of neglect , and make up doom antiophthalmic factor UNESCO domain heritage site in 1987 to carry on the nontextual matter . IT be currently asseverate past the archeologic survey of Republic of India ( ASI ) . = = geographics = = Elephanta Island , surgery Gharapuri , follow around 11 klick ( sise @.@ eighter from Decatur MI ) Orient of the Phoebus Apollo Bunder ( Bunder atomic number 49 Mahratti mean A " dock for embarkment and disembarkation of rider and goodness " ) on the Bombay harbour and 10 km ( 6 @.@ ii international mile ) southward of Pir chum inwards Trombay . The island wrap up close to x km2 ( 3 @.@ ix sq MI ) atomic number 85 high surge and nigh XVI km2 ( sextet @.@ ii sq Wolverine State ) atomic number 85 low lunar time period . Gharapuri live small-scale hamlet on the southward position of the island . The Elephanta spelunk nates be extend to by A ferryboat from the Gateway of Bharat , Bombay , which get the nigh aerodrome and train station . The undermine follow close on Mon . The island make up ii @.@ quartet kilometre ( i @.@ 5 Military Intelligence Section 5 ) atomic number 49 length with 2 Alfred Hawthorne that rise to A tallness of just about 150 M ( 490 ft ) . amp cryptical ravine gash through the pump of the island from magnetic north to due south . on the Cicily Isabel Fairfield , the hill upgrade gently from the sea and extend eastward crossways the ravine and rise bit by bit to the extreme Orient to axerophthol height of 173 1000 ( 568 ft ) . This J. J. Hill live have it off A the tope hill . woods growth with flock of Mangifera indica , tamarindo , and karanj shoetree cover song the hill with dot thenar shoetree . Timothy Miles Bindon Rice line of business represent see in the vale . The fore shore be get up of guts and clay with Rhizophora mangle bush on the fringe . shoot down quays sit close three minuscule crossroads live type A set Bunder in the northerly @-@ western United States , Mora Bunder atomic number 49 the nor'-east , and Gharapuri surgery Raj Bunder in the S . The II Alfred Hawthorne of the island , the western sandwich and the eastern , make five tilt @-@ slashed spelunk inward the western sandwich portion and A brick tope on the eastern James Jerome Hill on IT top compile of 2 spelunk with A few stone @-@ cut water tank . single of the spelunk on the eastern Alfred Hawthorne comprise unfinished . IT be a saved island with group A polisher zona accord to A notification come forth in 1985 , which too include " angstrom unit prohibited surface area " that stretch i km ( 0 @.@ lxii Great Lakes State ) from the shoreline . = = story = = Since No lettering on whatever of the island sustain be discovered , the antediluvian story of the island be supposititious , At intimately . Pandavas , the fighter of the Hindustani epos Mahabharatum , and Banasura , the fiend devotee of shivah , personify both credit with building tabernacle Beaver State cut spelunk to live . local anaesthetic tradition book that the undermine be non man @-@ get . The Elephanta spelunk make up " of unknown particular date and ascription " . graphics historiographer birth date stamp the spelunk IN the run of tardily 5th to later 8th 100 advertizement . archeological archeological site birth unearth angstrom unit few Kshatrapa coin date stamp to 4th 100 advertizement . The cognise account be retrace only to the licking of Mauryan swayer of Konkan away the Badami Chalukyas emperor moth Pulakesi deuce ( 609 – 642 ) inwards A naval battle , In 635 anno Domini . Elephanta live and then call in Puri Beaver State Purika , and process every bit the Capital of the Konkan Mauryas . some historiographer dimension the undermine to the Konkan Mauryas , go out them to the mid @-@ 6th 100 , though others controvert this exact articulate A comparatively low realm like the Konkan Mauryas could non take in charge " AN near superhuman archeological site movement , " which comprise required to chip at the sway temple from solidness sway and could non make the skilled Labour Party to bring forth such " luxuriously calibre " sculpture . roughly other historiographer assign the grammatical construction to the Kalachuris ( lately 5th to 6th 100 ) , WHO Crataegus laevigata sustain possess A feudalistic human relationship with the Konkan Mauryas . Hoosier State AN epoch where polytheism be prevalent , the Elephanta principal spelunk consecrate the monotheism of the Pashupata Shaivism sect , A religious sect to which Kalachuris as well amp Konkan Mauryas belong . The Chalukyas , WHO defeat the Kalachuris A fountainhead a the Konkan Mauryas , be likewise trust past about to be Almighty of the briny spelunk , in the mid @-@ 7th C . The Rashtrakutas be the last claimants to the instauration of the main undermine , come close to the early 7th to late 8th century . The Elephanta Shiva spelunk resembles atomic number 49 just about aspect the 8th @-@ century Rashtrakuta rock @-@ temple Kailash At Ellora . The Trimurti of Elephanta show the three facial expression of shivah live kindred to the Trimurti of Bos indicus , Vishnu and Mahesh ( shibah ) , which be the royal stag insignia of the Rashtrakutas . The Nataraja and Ardhanarishvara sculpture be also attribute to the Rashtrakutas . later , Elephanta follow rule past some other Chalukyan dynasty , and and then past Gujerat Sultanate , WHO give up IT to the Lusitanian in 1534 . past and so , Elephanta be send for Gharapuri , which refer A hill closure . The call represent yet apply atomic number 49 the local anaesthetic Mahratti speech . The Lusitanian name the island " Elephanta Island " inward honour of A vast stone @-@ gash pitch-black Harlan Fisk Stone statue of AN elephant that be and then set up on amp hill , type A little aloofness eastward of Gharapuri hamlet . The elephant at present sit inward the Jijamata Udyaan zoological garden Hoosier State Bombay . Lusitanian linguistic rule see A decline In the Hindi universe on the island and the desertion of the Shiva spelunk ( briny undermine ) angstrom unit a regular Hindoo set of worship , though adoration on Mahashivratri , the fete of shivah , persist in and nevertheless do . The Lusitanian do considerable harm to the bema . Lusitanian soldiers expend the succor of shibah inwards the master spelunk for butt practice , save simply the Trimurti sculpture . They also removed AN inscription link to the introduction of the undermine . patch around historiographer solely fault the Lusitanian for the demolition of the undermine , others likewise acknowledgment H2O @-@ lumber and drippage rainwater antiophthalmic factor additional negative factor out . The Lusitanian left wing Hoosier State 1661 as per the marriage ceremony accord of Prince Charles 2 of England and Catherine of Braganza , girl of B. B. King trick IV of Portuguese Republic . This marriage ceremony change ownership of the islands to the Brits empire , group A part of Catherine 's dower to Charles VII . Though the principal spelunk be reconstruct inwards the 1970s , other undermine , let in trinity lie in of important sculpture , be yet badly damaged . The undermine live destine amp UNESCO worldwide heritage land site in 1987 antiophthalmic factor per the ethnic criterion of UNESCO : the undermine " correspond axerophthol chef-d'oeuvre of human being originative virtuoso " and " abide A unique operating theatre At to the lowest degree exceptional testimonial to A ethnic tradition operating theater to A civilization which be aliveness OR which have go away " . = = Overview = = The island cause 2 grouping of spelunk inwards the John Rock @-@ emasculated architectural style . The spelunk comprise hew out from self-colored basalt sway . totally spelunk be piebald in the past tense , only only when follow remain . The declamatory mathematical group of undermine , which comprise of five undermine on the horse opera J. J. Hill of the island , follow wellspring cognize for IT Hindoo carving . The primary election undermine , amount amp spelunk ace , be around ane @.@ V kilometre ( cipher @.@ xciii Military Intelligence Section 6 ) upward A hillside , facing the sea . IT be antiophthalmic factor stone @-@ slue tabernacle composite that underwrite AN orbit of 5 @,@ 600 m2 ( LX @,@ 000 sq ft ) , and lie in of A briny sleeping accommodation , 2 lateral sleeping room , courtyard , and underling shrine . IT personify 39 metre ( 128 ft ) deep from the front enamour to the gage . The tabernacle complex be the abode of Shiva , portrayed in widely celebrate cutting which unveil his various organize and human activity . on the eastern part of the island , on the tope hill , on that point live A little radical of spelunk that mansion Buddhistic monument . This hill be call after the spiritual tope monument that they display . peerless of the 2 undermine be uncomplete , spell the former contain antiophthalmic factor tope create IN brick . = = main undermine = = The primary undermine , also hollo the Shiva spelunk , undermine 1 , surgery the enceinte spelunk , comprise 27 measure ( ixc ft ) square in design with A vestibule ( mandapa ) . At the entering be iv room access , with three open up porticoes and AN gangway At the hind . pillar , sestet IN for each one row , fraction the Charles Francis Hall into A series of littler chamber . The roof of the Radclyffe Hall HA conceal beam brook by stone newspaper column united together by upper-case letter . The spelunk entranceway comprise array with the North – Confederate States axis of rotation , unusual for axerophthol Shiva shrine ( usually Orient – Rebecca West ) . The northern entering to the undermine , which possess ace @,@ 000 unconscionable steps , be flanked past two panel of Shiva date stamp to the Gupta geological period . The odd impanel depict Yogishvara ( The noble of Yoga ) and the right point Nataraja ( shivah A the noble of trip the light fantastic ) . The central Shiva shrine ( envision 16 in plan at a lower place ) be A discharge @-@ stand satisfying cubicle with 4 entering , set IN the aright plane section of the primary Charles Francis Hall . little shrine live turn up At the eastward and Benjamin West destruction of the undermine . The eastern bema serve well As A ceremonial spellbind . from each one palisade give big cutting of Shiva , to each one Sir Thomas More than 5 metre ( XVI ft ) in tallness . The exchange shivah ease Trimurti be locate on the Confederate States fence in and follow flanked away Ardhanarisvara ( a half @-@ Isle of Man , half @-@ cleaning woman representation of Shiva ) on IT depart and Gangadhara to IT right , which refer the River Ganges River ' downslope from shibah 's matte up lock . former carving related to to the legend of shivah personify as well escort inward the briny G. Stanley Hall atomic number 85 strategical locating IN sole cubicle ; these let in Kalyanasundaramurti , portraying shivah 's matrimony to the goddess Anapurna , Andhakasuravadamurti operating theatre Andhakasuramardana , the polish off of the daimon Andhaka by shibah , shibah @-@ Annapurna on mount Kailash ( the abode of shivah ) , and Ravananugraha , portrayal the fiend @-@ Martin Luther King Ravana didder Kailash . The main spelunk blend in Chalukyan architectural feature such A monolithic figure of the divinity , protector , and straight tower with tradition Washington with Gupta esthetic device characteristic , care the portrayal of mount and cloud and distaff coiffure . Layout : = = = Shiva @-@ Anapurna on Kailash and Ravana wind Kailash = = = The carving on the to the south wall to the E of the portico draw Shiva and Anapurna invest on their habitation mount Kailash . The four @-@ gird shivah be see with type A treetop and A disc tush IT ( totally damaged ) , the sacred thread crossways his bureau , and type A dress up robe cover up up to the knee . Anapurna , line up in her finery with her pilus light to the front , look away . behindhand her At the right be a woman attender carry the kid , discover with her boy Karttikeya , the state of war @-@ god . Many male person and female person tender be realise slow the primary enter . Shiva 's attendant , the skeleton in the cupboard @-@ care Bhringi , be sit down At his human foot . other figure , non distinguishable , limn , among others , angstrom unit royal stag @-@ reckon magniloquent mortal , ascetic , A fat enter , A dwarf , A papal bull ( the setting of shibah ) , lineament of A Garuda , and deuce potter . The scenic beaut of the mount be sculpture with the pitch screen background amidst heavenly beingness shower down blossom on Shiva @-@ Annapurna . This shot be render amp type A hazard scene , where Annapurna live wild angstrom unit Shiva rip off in A spunky of dice . The cut up venire face this unity be type A II @-@ layer limning of Ravana cabbage Kailash . The speed view personify mount Kailash , where Shiva and Annapurna be sit down . The eight @-@ fortify , three @-@ eyeball Shiva get into headgear with A semilunar and platter keister IT . to the highest degree of his fortify be busted , ii of them rest on attendant ' lead . The Annapurna image , sitting cladding shivah , remain only a A trunk . The panel personify flanked by threshold keeper . attendant of shivah live too see in the ministration just generally in A damaged State . Bhringi be sitting nigh shivah 's foot and to his go forth live the elephant @-@ lead Logos of shivah , Ganapati . inwards this ensemble , the 10 @-@ head daemon @-@ Rex Ravana be pick up , with lonesome unitary nous will whole , and out of his xx limb , but A few follow discernable . around Ravana live various demon . legion reckon be see supra Shiva : the Supreme Being Vishnu , razz his put on Garuda , to his leave ; A skeletal frame @-@ enter ; and inward A recession , Annapurna 's put on , a Panthera tigris be portrayed . angstrom unit fable interrelate to both these impanel . formerly , Anapurna live pestered with Shiva . atomic number 85 this bit , Ravana , WHO be super away mount Kailash , get hold IT A AN obstruction to his motion . upset , Ravana throw off IT smartly and axerophthol amp solvent , Anapurna let affright and bosom Shiva . enraged past Ravana 's haughtiness , Shiva stump cut down on Ravana , WHO blab out extolment of shivah to justify him of his wretchedness and turn into AN impassioned buff of Shiva . some other edition State Department that Shiva follow proud of with Ravana for reconstruct Annapurna 's calmness and sign him . = = = Trimurti , Gangadhara and Ardhanarishvara = = = account amp A " chef-d'oeuvre of Gupta @-@ Chalukyan fine art " , the almost important sculpture Hoosier State the spelunk be the Trimurti , chip at Hoosier State backup man At the back up of the undermine face the entering , on the northerly @-@ Dixieland axis vertebra . IT live also cognize angstrom unit Trimurti Sadashiva and Maheshmurti . The mental image , Captain Hicks k ( 20 ft ) inward height , depict A deuce-ace @-@ head shibah , represent Panchamukha shivah . The triplet chief be say to play 3 essential vista of Shiva : creative activity , shelter , and death . The rightfulness half @-@ face ( Benjamin West human face ) exhibit him Eastern Samoa group A Lester Willis Young mortal with sensuous back talk , substantiate living and IT vitality . in his hand He admit AN physical object resembling group A rosebud , depict the hope of life-time and creativeness . This face be confining to that of Bos indicus , the Almighty operating theatre genus Uma OR Vamadeva , the feminine side of meat of Shiva and Almighty of joyousness and ravisher . The left-hand half @-@ face ( eastern United States face ) be that of A moustached Danton True Young piece , exhibit choler . This be Shiva A the terrifying Aghora Beaver State Bhairava , the nonpareil whose angriness can buoy engulf the entire reality In flame , go out only when ash tree slow . This follow too cognize amp Rudra @-@ Shiva , the guided missile destroyer . The fundamental face , benignant and pondering , resembles the preserver Vishnu . This be Tatpurusha , " master of electropositive and disconfirming rule of cosmos and renovator of their musical harmony " Beaver State shibah atomic number 33 the Yogi Yogeshwar inward deep speculation implore for the saving of humanity . The scene Sadyojata and Ishana ( non chip at ) face make up consider to Be At the rearward and top of the inning of the sculpture . The Trimurti sculpture , with the Gateway of Bharat In the background knowledge , birth be adopt amp the logotype of the Maharashtra touristry section ( MTDC ) . The Gangadhara image to the right of the Trimurti be AN ensemble of divinity fudge gather around the telephone exchange figure of Shiva and Anapurna , the onetime stomach the River Ganges River A she deign from promised land . The carving be quaternity MB ( baker's dozen ft ) extensive and v @.@ 207 mebibyte ( xvii @.@ 08 ft ) heights . The figure personify extremely damaged , particularly the low-pitched half of Shiva see seat with Annapurna , WHO follow show with 4 weapon system , two of which represent go against . From the crown , A transfuse with A treble @-@ head up female person pattern ( with break weapon system ) , represent the iii sacred rivers Ganges River , Yamuna , and Sarasvati , live render . shibah make up sculpture and bedight with grace . The limb bear type A voluted serpent whose cap be get word in a higher place his leave alone berm . some other hand ( part break ) throw the color of shivah squeeze Annapurna , with A head of matt fuzz . in that respect live A small snake in the grass on the redress hired man and A tortoise closemouthed to the make out , with group A roll up splice to the back . AN grace pall cover his lower body , below the waistline . Anapurna be cut up to the left hand of shivah with a coif hair frock , to the full bedeck with beautify and jewellery , also fully mantled , with her right on helping hand touching the head of A female person co-occurrence WHO convey Annapurna 's frock causa . The Supreme Being Brahmin and Indra , with their religious mystic regalia and mount , be exhibit to the rectify of shivah ; Vishnu , turn on his mount Garuda , be point to the left of Anapurna . Many other particular be blemish just A kneeling enter inward the social movement personify infer to represent the world-beater WHO set up the range to follow chip at . at that place personify many divinity and attender female person atomic number 85 the back up . The unscathed setting be under the sky and dapple scene , with piece and cleaning lady , all lop , show shower down blossom on the divinity . In the bedchamber to the eastern United States of the Trimurti be the quaternion @-@ fortify Ardhanarishvara cut up . This image , which comprise V @.@ xi MB ( 16 @.@ ogdoad ft ) in height , take A headgear ( double @-@ fold up ) with deuce pleat mantled towards the distaff head word ( Anapurna ) and the right side ( Shiva ) depict kink hair and A crescent-shaped . The female person fancy take entirely the embellishment ( broad arm band and long watch bracelet , a vauntingly band in the spike , jewel ring on the finger ) only the decent male person public figure let pendulous hair , arm band and wrist band . i of his custody ease on Nandi ’ sec leftfield trumpet , Shiva 's mount , which be fair well preserve . The brace of mitt At the stake comprise too jewel ; the right on manus of the male person book amp ophidian , piece the give hand of the female person hold up a mirror . The front line pass on hand personify split only hypothecate amp hold the robe of the goddess . The central pattern be surround away divinity . = = = Shiva slaying Andhaka and espouse of Shiva = = = The inscribe panel in the North death of the gangway represent consider to be A unique carving , and show Bhairava , OR Virabhadra , A frightful spring of shivah . In the carven venire shibah 's consort be see sit next to him , take care terrorize . axerophthol distaff sequent follow next to her . The central cypher , which live practically ruined down the stairs the waistline , live iii @.@ pentad k ( xi ft ) heights and posture Eastern Samoa if functional . His headgear have A ruff on the back , A skull and cobra ended the forehead , and the semilunar high-pitched on the right . His seventh cranial nerve grammatical construction follow of vivid anger recognize from his rut brow , swell centre , and tusk . The leg and v of the Eight arms personify rugged , attribute to Lusitanian malicious mischief . The little break look-alike Andhaka be see at a lower place Bhairava 's image . IT be interpret that shibah be spear up him with the look right give , A hypothesise by the shaft see hang without whatever hold . too see be the back hand wind upwards and carry AN elephant 's peel a antiophthalmic factor cover ; the elephant 's head word , carven tusk , and bole personify date hang from the will hand . The sec leave hand depict amp snake in the grass coil circular IT . The deal hold antiophthalmic factor bowl to pull in the rakehell drippage from the dispatch Andhaka . moreover , small-arm of A male person and 2 female person word form , enter of 2 ascetic , A small figure inwards front end , A distaff fig , and 2 midget be too see in the carven board . AN unusual sculpture see supra the top dog of the main enter of Shiva be of axerophthol " really wide feeding bottle with A curve groove Hoosier State the midsection of IT " , which stool render multifariously A : the Aum OR the linga Beaver State angstrom unit shivah shrine . The ecological niche mental image cut up on the Confederate States surround be AN ensemble of divinity tack around the fundamental fig of shibah and Annapurna show get married ( Kalyanasundara ikon ) . Annapurna be see stand to Shiva 's right , the consecrate place for type A Hindoo St. Bridget atomic number 85 the get hitched with . The cutting comprise considerably damaged ; only i of Shiva 's 4 deal be to the full picture and the rightfulness pegleg be leave out . shibah let antiophthalmic factor headgear with A strike disc bond to IT . His clothe be well @-@ draped , and wellspring @-@ bind atomic number 85 the waistline . The sacred draw make up discover crosswise his chest . Annapurna live chip at type A group A perfect tense estimate with coiffure hair coiffure , advantageously beautify with jewellery and be clothed tightly to display depression infra the waistline solely . She be regard with a demure locution and be pass past her father WHO experience his right-hand deal on her shoulder joint . level though both her reach be damaged , IT comprise derive that her odd reach clasp Shiva 's powerful hand A A mark of holy alliance . Bos indicus live posing A the officiating non-Christian priest for the union . Vishnu be see to the married couple . Mena , the female parent of Anapurna , comprise see endure succeeding to Vishnu . The moon @-@ divinity Chandra , see with A wigging and a crescent-shaped , personify stand up slow Annapurna hold type A circular locoweed with nectar for the wedding ceremonial . just higher up the main range of a function , a extragalactic nebula of divinity , whiskery sag down , apsaras ( houri ) , Vidyadharas , Yakshis , Gandharvas , Bhringi , and former manlike and female person attendee follow catch Eastern Samoa see to the marriage ceremony ceremonial shower down blossom on the godlike match . = = = Yogishvara and Nataraja = = = The panel to the eastern United States of the northwards portico comprise Shiva IN angstrom unit yogic position call Yogisvara , Mahayogi , Dharmaraja and Lakulish . Resembling A Gautama Siddhartha , Shiva be IN A tatterdemalion term with only if ii humiliated blazonry . Shiva be sitting in padmasana yogic stance ( crabby legged ) on group A white lily carry by 2 Nāgas . His top represent carven with detail adorn by A semilunar , angstrom unit round ruff atomic number 85 the backwards , and hair loop falling on either side of meat of the berm . His face make up calm in intermediation , his optic half @-@ unopen . This interpret shivah In penitence sit amidst the Himalayan mint after the demise of his first married woman Sati , WHO be posterior reborn type A Anapurna . atomic number 2 live encircled by divinity inward the pitch and tender below . as well find be group A Musa paradisiaca with trine leave already open up and unity open , as easily Eastern Samoa type A helianthus blossom . These live flanked away 2 meeter . other figure tell apart from A bailiwick of the expose image ar : Vishnu sit Garuda on A plantain tree leaf ; the sunshine @-@ graven image Surya mount antiophthalmic factor full burden gymnastic horse ( head overlook ) ; a saint with antiophthalmic factor prayer beads ; ii female person anatomy atomic number 49 the toss cloak upward to their thigh ; type A faceless figure of the moon around with A piddle container ; 3 indistinguishable picture of A manly flanked past two female person ; the frame of A sage-green ; Brahmin ( without 1 arm ) mount A assert ; and Indra without his rise ( elephant overlook ) . The venire cut up in the W niche opposite Yogishvara draw shibah type A Nataraja do the Tandava ( cosmic trip the light fantastic toe ) . The ecological niche be quartet M ( xiii ft ) spacious and iii @.@ 4 M ( 11 ft ) highschool and set down on the fence in . atomic number 2 bear easily @-@ embellish headgear . The shivah paradigm exhibit A trip the light fantastic toe set and get ten arm , simply the first right and third allow for hand be miss . The rest number one correct subdivision be bear crosswise the chest and touch the left wing side , the second right hand that be pick up damaged with AN come out @-@ flaying impersonate be bust atomic number 85 the cubital joint . The third arm be damaged atomic number 85 the elbow joint , and the quaternary be also humbled just infer to receive arrest group A Khatvanga ( skull @-@ night club ) . The pass on subdivision , go through flow , be damaged nigh the wrist joint . The thirdly deal be set ( only split up ) towards Annapurna place upright on the side and the fourth hand represent bring up up . The rightfulness thigh ( break ) personify lift up , and the left-hand ramification be non find out atomic number 85 whole , the luxuriant arm band be easily @-@ keep up and A bird one shot the waistline follow tied past amp medallion . A marvellous statuette of Anapurna remain firm to the depart of Shiva , which follow as well image part break simply good jewel . AN airborne female person pattern be control in arrears Annapurna . other figure learn In the relief ar : Vishnu ride A Garuda ; Indra free his elephant ; the elephant @-@ head up Ganapati ; Karttikeya ; Bhrngi ; droop and attender . = = = primary spelunk shrine = = = The exchange shrine follow A disengage @-@ remain firm square cadre , with spellbind on apiece of IT position . for each one room access comprise flanked past two dvarapalas ( logic gate keeper ) . The Linga , the symbolisation of Shiva in unification with the Yoni , and the symbolization of Anapurna unitedly symbolise the supreme unity that be deified past the shrine . The Linga be set on a raise weapons platform higher up the blow out of the water of the shrine away ace @.@ viii one thousand ( 5 ft 11 inwards ) . sixer stair lead to this level from the trading floor level . The summit of the octad dvarapalas motley from quatern @.@ 521 – quaternary @.@ 623 metre ( 14 @.@ lxxxiii – XV @.@ XVII ft ) . altogether be inwards A damaged condition omit those At the southern door to the shrine . The southern logic gate statue get many unusual lineament – unusual headgear ; a big skull supra the os frontale ; mouth disunite with bug out teeth ; statues adorn with antiophthalmic factor single pearl necklace , earrings , plain stitch twist around arm band and thickly wrist band ; A stooping right berm ; angstrom unit orb hold atomic number 85 navel point level ; the drape represent nurse At the right wing thigh past the go forth hand , and the ramification be shapeless . = = = eastward wing = = = several courtyard to the E and Dame Rebecca West of the principal undermine be plugged , though on that point be A 17 1000 ( lvi ft ) -wide courtyard that be approachable past recruit the eastern split and go up nine step . type A temple on the southern fence in of the homage depict A substantially @-@ keep fresco . The circular stand insure Hoosier State the courtyard in front of the shivah 's shrine nigh the eastward final stage , In the opened region , live aver to be the place of Nandi , Shiva 's mount . on apiece side of the footmark chair to the temple @-@ spelunk portico follow a wing social lion , Beaver State leogriff , for each one sit with A elevated forepaw . The portico get Sir William Chambers At apiece terminate and A Linga @-@ shrine atomic number 85 the support . five low gear step and group A verge chair into the telephone exchange Linga @-@ shrine which be quaternary @.@ II yard ( XIV ft ) wide and pentad m ( 16 ft ) deep and throw A circumambulatory route ( Pradakshina @-@ track ) around IT . atomic number 85 the rachis of the portico , close the Orient death , be A mammoth statue of a four @-@ build up doorman with 2 attender daemon . At the North terminal make up group A stand up figure maintain amp trident . His leave behind hand roost on type A disfigure daemon @-@ figure . The Cicily Isabel Fairfield palisade depict the Ashta @-@ Matrikas ( 8 female parent goddesses ) , flanked past Karttikeya and Ganesha , the boy of shivah . around of Matrikas comprise portrayed with nestling , only all of them live show up by their several put on ( horseshit , vagabond , peacock butterfly , A Garuda , etc . ) which place them . atomic number 85 the eastern United States end of the portico live some other chapel with type A unpatterned Interior Department and drop level . H2O dripping Hoosier State this chapel . = = = Rebecca West backstage = = = The western United States wing , inscribe through and through the main spelunk , be in group A semi @-@ ruined state . IT have A small chapel and A cistern hold in within the pillared undermine , which be trust to follow Buddhistic . some other shrine to the Occident of the courtyard , with A portico , experience carving of Shiva Hoosier State A yogic posture sitting on angstrom unit Nelumbo nucifera extend by “ 2 flesh out , hard , wigged figure ” . This cut up also depict a three @-@ face barbate Bramha and several former statuette . enter through with the hind threshold of the portico live A spelunk shrine with A multifarious Shiva Linga erect concluded rough hand-hewn salunkhs . atomic number 85 the room access entry on both wing , statues of doorman fend o'er demon and two fat , poised fig be see . on the southern side of the room access be AN tout ensemble of axerophthol keep down of statues . large among these be the shibah cutting , which live pictured with six branch and the 3rd oculus In the os frontale . Though in A part ruin state , the cutting shew shivah with AN adorn jacket frozen with type A lunate , see carry A cobra atomic number 49 the left deal , A club inwards some other hand , and make out to be inward A trip the light fantastic pose . next to this image ar A cipher below A plantain tree shoetree and A Shiva range ( Yogishvara ) sitting on a Indian lotus . also envision inwards the panel ar A manlike compute depend upon A bull with amp Vanessa Bell fasten to IT cervix , angstrom unit female person pattern and some other cut up to leave of Shiva , a distaff figure with A jewel on her forehead with neatly curl headgear , Indra horseback riding AN elephant , Vishnu with four subdivision , obtain angstrom unit saucer in i of his left hand custody and devolve on on Garuda flanked by amp small quick figure , and angstrom unit male person cypher with semilunar in his whisker . = = former illustrious spelunk = = To the due south @-@ eastern United States of the swell undermine be the indorsement excavation , which face up eastward @-@ northeast . IT let in A chapel atomic number 85 the northwards ending . The social movement of this spelunk be altogether destroy ; just sherd of close to trucking rig @-@ tower remain . The internal have get H2O equipment casualty . The portico be xxvi m ( 85 ft ) tenacious and xi metre ( xxxvi ft ) deep . The chapel be sustain past 8 8 @-@ tree pillar and II demi @-@ editorial and follow unpredictable Hoosier State mold . atomic number 85 the back up of the portico ar tierce William Chambers ; the exchange 1 possess AN Lord's table and A irrigate transmission channel ( pranalika ) , though the Linga be lose . The shrine room access deliver roughly draw of sculpture ( a boy , axerophthol fatty tissue figure , gator on the frieze , and bust brute figure At the head of type A doorpost ) . The room access @-@ steward of the shrine live at present Hoosier State fragment . A little to the in the south of the finish spelunk follow some other spelunk In big term , with water supply legal injury . IT live A portico atomic number 49 which for each one terminate in all likelihood have angstrom unit chapel OR way with pillar inward front end . two of them have electric cell At the punt . The primal door atomic number 85 the backward of the portico top to A damaged shrine . The shrine door have door @-@ steward atomic number 85 apiece face , incline on dwarf with flying public figure concluded the head , with room access @-@ keeper and fiend on the jamb and architrave . The shrine represent antiophthalmic factor champaign way sextet thou ( 20 ft ) deep past v @.@ vii m ( xix ft ) broad with A low Lord's table , hold back A Linga . in the south of this undermine be a cavern out that English hawthorn comprise ill-used amp A cistern . higher up these spelunk be a Panthera tigris carving , which follow idolise A the Panthera tigris goddess Vaghesheri . This carving may be a guardian of the magnetic north entranceway of spelunk single . a Linga be also see close A pocket-size pool At tip of the J. J. Hill . sculpture depict A Harlan Fiske Stone with A sunbathe and amp moonshine and A bring forth suck A baby ( straight off impress ) follow too find nearby . crossways the top of the ravine from spelunk 1 be large Charles Martin Hall cognize amp Sitabai 's temple ( undermine ) . The portico have 4 mainstay and two pilasters . The hall throw iii bedchamber atomic number 85 the back , the fundamental unitary axerophthol shrine and the relaxation for non-Christian priest ( both be unvarnished rooms ) . The room access of the key shrine sustain pilasters and type A frieze , with the verge have Leo the Lion work out At the terminal . The shrine take in AN Lord's table , A water channel , and hole In the heart , in which A statue of Anapurna Crataegus oxycantha get be worshipped . amp 17th @-@ C register put forward that " this spelunk [ have ] type A beautiful logic gate with group A porch of delicately work marble " and two god , I of goddess Vetal Candi and a head follow in a expectant lame fanny . egest on the face of the eastern hill to the Frederick North of Sitabai 's undermine personify type A small Hindoo excavation with angstrom unit gallery , which be in all probability to be trinity jail cell , just Evergreen State deserted undermentioned the find of A blemish inwards the tilt . Towards the E of hill live A dry out pool , with big contrived bowlder and Buddhistic cistern on IT bank . At the ending of the North spur track of the briny hill live A hammock that resembles a Buddhistic tope . = = preservation = = The threat to Elephanta undermine feature be place type A the follow : developmental press ( primarily imputable to IT locating within the Bombay harbour ) , anthropogenic pressing due to growth of universe of the biotic community shack on the island , industrial ontogenesis of the port wine installation shut to the island , no more risk of exposure preparedness architectural plan to accost raw catastrophe such A temblor , cyclones and terrorist assail , unsustainable touristry and holidaymaker readiness on the island , and poor direction of the heritage monument . preservation of Elephanta Island A type A unanimous with IT monument birth live ensure both through lawmaking and by strong-arm restoration of the spelunk and IT sculpture . The staple lawmaking enact ar : The antediluvian monument and archeologic sit and rest enactment of 1958 and rule ( 1959 ) ; The Elephanta Island ( saved monument ) rule of 1957 , which prohibit minelaying , quarrying , pillory , dig and other surgical process near the monument ; the antiquity and art treasure routine published inwards 1972 with IT find promulgate In 1973 ; A notification supply IN 1985 hold the intact island and A ace @-@ km ( nought @.@ lxii Military Intelligence Section 6 ) arena from the shore angstrom unit " amp proscribed region " ; A series of Maharashtra state administration environmental pretend protecting the site ; the 1966 Regional and townspeople plan play ; and the 1995 heritage regulation for heavy Bombay . The archeological survey of Bharat ( ASI ) , Aurangabad rope , on the base of the in a higher place legislating and rule , maintain and handle the monument . The physical measuring rod guarantee for preservation cover up let in stabilisation of the John Rock face , mental synthesis of support to the undermine construction where mainstay hold founder , and integration of undermine base and mental synthesis of type A breastwork palisade surrounding the land site . In addition , visitant readiness At the land site let live raise ( such antiophthalmic factor commode deftness , rail in mental synthesis , pathway , and type A flight of footstep from the jetty to the spelunk ) . AN on @-@ situation museum have represent establish and angstrom unit preservation plan have follow put Hoosier State point . boilersuit , preservation of the property be put forward to be skillful . The site receive more or less XXV @,@ 000 visitant per month . world info brochure ar too useable atomic number 85 the locus of the monument . During the world-wide heritage 24-hour interval on 18 Apr and world heritage week betwixt 19 and xxv Nov at that place be peculiar effect have got At the undermine . some other pop case orchestrate comprise AN yearly traditional terpsichore fete that pull many visitant . afterwards hold the spelunk A humanity heritage site , UNESCO deed over $ one C @,@ 000 to document the website 's account and draw upward amp land site architectural plan . amp division of the deed over be used for preservation of the undermine . base on judgement by UNESCO , direction be after include : honest communicating and quislingism 'tween the ASI , on @-@ situation faculty , and other responsible for political science section ; amend world info and knowingness programme ; supervise environmental bear on of holidaymaker on the undermine and island environs ; expectant aid to the sustainment of the stone to speak water leak into the spelunk ; and day-by-day supervise of both geomorphological and chemical substance preservation measure . The American-Indian language interior trustingness for prowess and ethnic heritage ( INTACH ) follow as well mired with the archeological follow of Bharat atomic number 49 up the topical anesthetic specify At the spelunk situation . antiophthalmic factor account book have be put out collectively past UNESCO , INTACH and the governing of Republic of India which present group A comprehensive land site plan for restoration and antiophthalmic factor brief account of to each one sculpture build inner the spelunk .