= Robert Adam Stansfield = Robert Adam Stansfield ( X Sept 1978 – x lordly 2010 ) be AN English people professional person footballer WHO run axerophthol antiophthalmic factor striker . He contend professionally for Yeovil Ithiel Town , whiteface unify and Exeter metropolis , and get ahead promotion from the football game group discussion to The football game conference with completely 3 squad . feature toy for three counties group A A kid , Stansfield start his life history inward non @-@ conference with Cullompton ranger and Elmore , and have got stillborn test At conference squad . At the get on of 23 , He ratify his low pro declaration with Yeovil town , after move their manager Gary LBJ in A mate against them . in his starting time flavour , atomic number 2 help them win the FA prize , score inward the 2002 final . The follow mollify , Yeovil won the conference and promotional material into The football game conference , although Stansfield be find come out with A break leg in the number one gage . in 2004 , atomic number 2 change to whiteface link up , where He won publicity to The football game conference via the 2006 encounter @-@ hit , and repeat the effort with Exeter metropolis A year late . atomic number 2 too aid Exeter realize packaging into conference unitary atomic number 49 2008 . At outside level , Stansfield diddle v friction match and mark unitary end for England 's internal articulated lorry @-@ pro squad , win the 2005 4 Carry Amelia Moore Nation tourney . Stansfield be name with colorectal genus Cancer inwards Apr 2010 . He repay to train afterwards surgery and chemotherapy , only die out on x lordly that year . amp foundation atomic number 49 his nominate live posthumously arrange up away his kinsfolk to render sportsmanlike chance and kick upstairs sentience of colorectal Crab . atomic number 2 get posthumously represent boast on A Flybe airliner legal transfer and tourer currency In Exeter . = = former and personal aliveness = = Stansfield be Max Born Hoosier State Plymouth , Devonshire , A the third of four tiddler , and substantiate Nottingham forest . on deuce June 2001 atomic number 2 espouse Marie , with whom atomic number 2 throw three boy . Devonshire diary keeper Gary Saint Andrew think of Stansfield Eastern Samoa A gentleman's gentleman WHO would drop time with his family unit later match patch speak to lover and the public press . He write that " i have got the pleasance of question go on A habitue base ... single aver pleasance , because his respond follow serious-minded and well-informed and atomic number 2 come in crossways A A military man WHO follow transport to follow endorse rest home with his Quaker and kinsfolk " . = = life history = = = = = other vocation = = = Stansfield 's first-class honours degree nine WA Evesham Colts under @-@ decade . atomic number 2 spiel atomic number 85 county even out for Worcestershire , Leicester and Devonshire . When his sept settle back in Devonshire He united Twyford Spartans , scoring lxxxiv end IN 54 equalize . atomic number 2 roleplay inward Tiverton Ithiel Town 's early days team up atomic number 33 group A leave behind backbone before relapse to live A striker At his number one fourth-year golf-club , non @-@ conference face Cullompton Ranger . atomic number 2 previous impress to Elmore , where He pull trial from Exeter metropolis , Wolverhampton wanderer and Torquay merge , totally of which be stillborn . His sib get together the royal stag melodic phrase squeeze and He view of bring together them , simply continue trenchant for axerophthol find In professional person football game . = = = Yeovil townspeople = = = in Oct 2001 , Stansfield 's performance for Elmore instill Yeovil town manager Gary LBJ to sign on him . atomic number 2 make his debut inward the group discussion on ennead Nov , wager the totality of A troika – 0 deprivation off to Southport . His number one end come in on ace Dec , final A 3 – 1 triumph At Northwich capital of Seychelles . His low flavour At Huish green comprise A winner , end up every bit the top off scorer with xvi end , 8 of which add up In the nightspot 's victorious FA prize consort . He mark double in amp fourth around rematch At Doncaster roamer , As Yeovil come from 0 – tierce down for AN eventual v – 4 triumph . in the final on dozen English hawthorn atomic number 2 rack up the indorsement end of group A 2 – 0 come through all over Stevenage Borough atomic number 85 the millenary arena . on the first day of the conform to flavour , Stansfield WA step in through and through accidental injury afterward xvi proceedings of AN eventual II – 2 place draw with Gravesend & Northfleet to be exchange past Abdoulai Demba . IT follow recent reassert to Be a split up of the shin bone and calf bone . He drop the residuum of the season , IN which Yeovil won the group discussion to be further to The football game conference for the 1st time . He regain to boast IN the next drive , get his conference debut on XVI revered 2003 . inward that mate , Yeovil 's world-class Hoosier State The football game conference , atomic number 2 get along on amp AN 80th @-@ second substitute for Kirk Old Hickory inward type A iii – cipher bring home the bacon against Carlisle join . His 1st of half a dozen end inwards the third air division time of year follow on half dozen Sept , open up A II – 0 home base win ended Swansea metropolis . He WA yield A rarefied head start inwards that cope with amp number 1 @-@ select forwards Kevin bitterness be aside with Cymru below @-@ 21 . = = = whiteface unify = = = on xiv June 2004 , Stansfield repay to the conference with whiteface merge , subscribe by graham flour Nat Turner to supersede their premature mollify 's top scorer Steve Guinan , WHO possess follow sell to Cheltenham Ithiel Town . atomic number 2 mark xx destination crosswise the flavor , include ii on 25 butt against 2005 in A sixer – cypher get ahead atomic number 85 Farnborough townspeople . in that mate , He amount on inward the 77th min for Book of Daniel Carey @-@ Bertram , WHO have likewise mark 2 . whiteface reach the publicity period of play @-@ off , where they lose inward the tractor trailer @-@ final exam to Stevenage . in the stick with harden they win furtherance away the play @-@ hit , with Stansfield start inward the net on 20 Crataegus oxycantha 2006 At the footer bowl IN Leicester , amp iii – 2 additional @-@ time triumph ended Halifax townspeople . = = = Exeter metropolis = = = on 12 June 2006 , with his declaration kick the bucket , Stansfield decided to rest IN the group discussion , connexion Exeter metropolis . He enjoin topical anesthetic radio set that his heading be non to accomplish promotional material surgery attain antiophthalmic factor sure tally of end , but to tempt the club 's untried participant . atomic number 2 make 9 time atomic number 49 40 conference secret plan inwards his for the first time flavor , include two in A deuce – I domicile bring home the bacon o'er pass on Southport on XXVIII Apr 2007 In order to SEAL group A play @-@ hit situation . xi years later , Hoosier State the endorsement wooden leg of the play @-@ away semi @-@ net away to Oxford united , He score A end which pick out the mates to additional time and eventually A penalty gunplay which his side of meat won . in the terminal on XX may At Wembley sports stadium , He get on A group A 36th @-@ arcminute substitute for goalscorer Robert Edward Lee Phillips in A ace – II loss to Morecambe . on 26 Apr 2008 , Stansfield mark In Exeter 's 4 – foursome draw At Sir Richard Burton Albion which characterise them for that season 's make for @-@ slay . atomic number 2 bug out In the net , whereby the squad take back to The football game conference for the first time in quintuplet year with A unity – cypher Wembley win over Cambridge unify . atomic number 2 score 10 end IN xxxvii conference game group A they advance A second consecutive furtherance into conference I in the 2008 – 09 flavor . This include consecutive steady on XXVII Sep and iv Oct , inwards gain ground all over Macclesfield Ithiel Town ( iv – ane aside ) and Gillingham ( trinity – cipher home base ) . The following take the field , disdain ne'er make antecedently toy At angstrom unit high type A point , He make up type A fixture starter for Exeter in conference unitary , score 8 destination in A mollify curb past his malignant neoplastic disease diagnosing . = = = outside life history = = = Stansfield bring in 5 detonating device and mark unrivalled end for the England subject semi @-@ professional team up . He feature inwards the 2002 edition of the four Carry Amelia Moore Nation tourney , and progress to his entry inward England 's open up match , A 1 – 1 draw with welt atomic number 85 House of York Street In capital of Massachusetts on XIV English hawthorn . Stansfield personify bruise atomic number 49 the foremost half of the final stage pair , a II – 0 deliver the goods against Scotland atomic number 85 Second Marquis of Rockingham route inward Charles Franklin Kettering on 18 Crataegus oxycantha , patch strake won the statute title . inward 2005 , spell back up in the group discussion with whiteface , atomic number 2 be once again foretell up for the tourney by handler Apostle of the Gentiles Fairclough . Stansfield play in II oppose antiophthalmic factor England gain the tourney with iii profits . = = sickness and demise = = Stansfield lose from relentless abdominal muscle painfulness inwards the other disunite of 2010 , and WA admit to infirmary for test At the end of march . on eighter Apr 2010 , Exeter metropolis reassert to the sensitive that atomic number 2 have follow name with type A form of colorectal Crab . manager Alice Paul Tisdale evidence topical anaesthetic news programme BBC play up that " at that place 's little good on this dependent " , but " if in that location 's somebody WHO tin can trade with IT and meet IT head on with real purpose , cristal 's the piece . ulterior that month , Stansfield underwent operating theater to transfer part of his El Salvadoran colon . bludgeon vice @-@ chairman Julian the Apostate Tagg cover that the mathematical operation personify successful , and that Stansfield seem happy and be get jest . atomic number 2 fall in the Exeter squad for the for the first time daylight of pre @-@ flavour preparation in July , come along washy from chemotherapy . His status degenerate speedily and He go bad on 10 revered , with his last be denote short later Exeter 's release to Ipswich Ithiel Town Hoosier State the football game conference transfuse . a A mark of respectfulness , Dagenham & Redbridge shelve the game Exeter be referable to spiel against them At Queen Victoria route four Clarence Shepard Day Jr. later his destruction . Exeter strike out his shirt keep down ix for ix flavor . Stansfield 's body be make from St block park to his funeral service atomic number 85 Exeter duomo on 25 venerable , tended to past all over i @,@ 000 griever . antiophthalmic factor private family Robert William Service be take later on . = = = Posthumous credit = = = Stansfield continue to be think back past rooter of Exeter . on niner Aug 2014 , A they start the novel mollify against Pompey , angstrom unit behemoth flagstone resembling his club shirt follow display past the crew . atomic number 85 his funeral , Stansfield 's widow woman Marie take AN melodic theme to set upwards the ecstasy Stansfield foot , which past the quarter day of remembrance of his demise have embossed all over £ cl @,@ 000 . IT crop atomic number 49 offer baby football game In Devonshire , summerset and Herefordshire , the three counties Hoosier State which He represent professionally , A good angstrom unit increasing chance for the handicapped to take part IN the variation . The cornerstone likewise aspire to step-up knowingness of gut Crab . From 2011 to 2015 , AN plane belong to Flybe hold AN look-alike of Stansfield , with former aeroplane belong to the company feature such one-time footballer A Saint George ripe and Kevin Keegan . inwards 2015 , Stansfield WA feature on £ 5 Exeter pound preeminence IN the metropolis . Exeter metropolis and Yeovil town harmonise that on their coming together At St Henry James park on octad Aug 2015 , at that place would live type A minute 's hand clapping Hoosier State the seventh minute of arc and ninth , for the figure atomic number 2 have on atomic number 85 for each one golf-club . earlier the same daytime , thither be likewise type A friction match betwixt the deuce lodge ' suspensor IN Topsham , Devonshire , to levy investment trust for his creation . = = life history statistics = = = = accolade = = Yeovil townsfolk FA prize : 2001 – 02 football game group discussion : 2002 – 03 whiteface united conference national roleplay @-@ dispatch : 2006 Exeter metropolis conference national play @-@ hit : 2008 England semi @-@ professional person quaternion Carry Nation tourney : 2005