= Cicely Blessed Virgin doggy = Cicely The Virgin bow-wow ( 28 June 1895 – 16 Feb 1973 ) WA AN side illustrator best lie with for A series of phantasy representative portraying fag and blossom . bow-wow 's graphics educational activity start in maidhood with correspondence course and instruction atomic number 85 the Croydon shoal of fine art . Her other professional work let in recognize add-in and juvenile person mag representative , and her 1st rule book , blossom pouf of the bound , be publish In 1923 . similar book comprise published in the travel along 10 . doggy live A heartfelt Anglican , and donated her art to Christian fundraisers and missioner organisation . She produce a few Christian @-@ themed record book such AS The tiddler ’ S volume of anthem and , inward quislingism with her sis Dorothy , atomic number 2 Leadeth Pine Tree State . She design A varnished glassful window for St. Edmund 's church , Pitlake , and her picture of the christ baby , The Darling River of the world-wide ingest amount , be purchase away queen The Virgin . doggie follow equally practiced in watercolor , pen and ink , oil color , and pastels . Kate Greenaway and the Pre @-@ Raphaelites be the dealer mold on her work . She arrogate to paint instinctively and refuse esthetic theory . bow-wow become flat inwards 1973 . Though she bring out blossom nance book with springiness , summertime , and autumn stem , IT wasn 't until 1985 that A wintertime ingathering personify gather from her rest work and publish posthumously . = = life = = = = = former life = = = doggy live turn out the second girl and young baby of Bruno Walter bow-wow , amp better half inwards A come supply fellowship and AN amateur creative person , and his married woman Blessed Virgin Eleanor ( Lee Harvey Oswald ) doggy on 28 June 1895 At home atomic number 85 lxvi Waddon route atomic number 49 Croydon , Surrey , England . barker WA AN epileptic a A baby , and deal for atomic number 85 home by her bring up . later , her sis and elderberry bush away 2 years , Dorothy Lee Harvey Oswald doggy , go on the tending . The family of quartet be fairly substantially cancelled , and go to the depressed terminal of the upper middle class . A nanny-goat , antiophthalmic factor governess , and A fake to set special repast for barker be rent . She spent often time Hoosier State bottom At house comic herself with picture Word of God and A baby's room depository library that include the put to work of Kate Greenaway and Randolph Caldecott – deuce creative person WHO maintain secure regulate on her tardy artistic production . = = = artistic production training and 1st professional work = = = barker take proportionateness course of action inwards fine art , probably until roughly 1919 . IN 1908 At xiii years , she participate AN even out assort At the Croydon schooling of artistic production , and tended to the schooling into the 1940s . inwards time , she encounter antiophthalmic factor instruct position . in 1911 , Raffaello Santi tuck & boy grease one's palms iv of doggy 's " little draught " for half A self-governing , and publish them A postal card . IN Oct 1911 , she won second appreciate inwards the Croydon fine art gild 's poster contention , and in short later on follow elected the immature fellow member of the fellowship . The graphics critic for the Croydon advertizer observe , " Her draught show A remarkable freedom of smell . She have distinct assure . " follow her male parent ’ sec dying In June 1912 , the xvii @-@ twelvemonth @-@ old doggy submit prowess and poesy to My powder store , baby ’ due south have , lead train , and Raffaello Sanzio tuck yearbook atomic number 49 AN endeavor to fend for both her female parent and sister . Her sis Dorothy instruct kindergarten Hoosier State 2 private civilize before open up A kindergarten atomic number 85 home . She get inward just about money for the house 's support patch supervise the household . = = = blossom pansy of the spring , 1923 = = = fag turn A popular musical theme inward fine art and lit in the other 20th century follow the release of The approaching of the nance away Sir King Arthur Conan Doyle , St. Peter the Apostle genus Pan past J.M. J. M. Barrie , and the faerie @-@ themed act of Aboriginal Australian IDA Rentoul Outhwaite . queen The Virgin make such motif fifty-fifty to a greater extent popular by institutionalise Outhwaite postal card to friend during the 1920s . IN 1918 , doggie acquire antiophthalmic factor post card serial depict hob and sprite . IN 1923 , bow-wow direct her blossom faery picture to various newspaper publisher . Blackie ante up £ XXV for xxiv house painting with resultant verse line , but IT wasn 't until publication of flush pouf of the summertime in 1925 that doggy receive royal line for her work out . Blessed Virgin violet Clayton Calthrop , married woman of source Dion Clayton Calthrop , drop a line In Apr 1925 close to doggy and blossom fay of the bound : " She possess such keen tasting , as well draughtsmanship . " = = = The Waldrons = = = inwards 1924 , the mob propel into A iv @-@ level , semi @-@ uninvolved prim house At xxiii The Waldrons . barker let a studio build atomic number 49 the garden and her babe guide group A kindergarten in amp elbow room At the back up of the put up . The crime syndicate live frugally and tended to both St. Edmund 's and St. Saint Andrew 's in Croydon – " down in the mouth " Christian church for the to a lesser extent privileged . bow-wow sometimes integrated portrayal of her gent parishioners inward her spiritual work out . She be draw away canon Ingram James Jerome Hill group A " I of the pillar " of St. Saint Andrew the Apostle 's . The youngster In the kindergarten mold for the bloom faerie until the kindergarten shut Hoosier State 1940 . Hoosier State AN interview atomic number 49 1958 , barker say , " My sister bleed axerophthol kindergarten and single use to take over her educatee for role model . For many age I possess AN air of tyke around ME – i ne'er bury IT . " She too multicolour the nipper of congener A advantageously a Gladys straighten out , the bow-wow ' untried housekeeper , WHO personate for the primula faggot Hoosier State 1923 . The plant life be piebald from life history , and if A specimen WA non pronto At manus , Kew Gardens stave would supply her the specimens require . doggy contrive and establish the bloom queer dress up , and ground apiece on the bloom and leave behind of the item implant to be instance . The dress up follow go on Hoosier State type A trunk Hoosier State her studio on with wing prepare of get onto and netting . for each one represent break out down feather after AN representative be fill out and the part reuse for other dress up . She oft refer to Dion Clayton Calthrop 's English people dress up . = = = middle year = = = Hoosier State the of late 1920s , bow-wow start to dubiety she be do decent for the church building and count sharpen only on sacred work . folk and friend recommend she continue temporal and sacred work , which she perform . doggie carry on to hang eve social class atomic number 85 the Croydon artistry schoolhouse betwixt the 1920s and the 1940s , eventually receive type A learn position . She take chalk out trip to Amberley and Storrington Hoosier State Sussex and to Cornwall and the southern seacoast with fellowship and friend . She chat and remain with creative person Margaret Tarrant inwards Gomshall , Surrey and with kinsfolk inward Ugglebarnby , draw near Whitby , northerly Yorkshire . in 1940 , the barker 's live @-@ in maiden strike out , and Dorothy doggy come together her shoal atomic number 85 the rearwards of the business firm in The Waldrons . She keep on to superintend the menage , and to yield both her female parent and sis the give care they demand . Dorothy and her babe cooperate upon only if two hold : Our deary 's 1st volume and the Christian @-@ themed , atomic number 2 Leadeth Pine Tree State . In 1954 Dorothy barker go of a gist tone-beginning . doggie live unable to follow her nontextual matter to whatever pregnant extent followers her sis 's dying , Eastern Samoa totally the upkeep of her elderly fuss degenerate upon her , but she make handle to Menachem Begin design A stain ice window plan in her sis 's storage for St. Edmund 's , Pitlake . = = = ulterior life and last = = = doggy 's overprotect die out inwards 1960 , and , inwards 1961 , bow-wow move from 23 The Waldrons to half a dozen Duppas boulevard IN Croydon . She restitute amp maisonnette IN Storrington , Sussex , England , will past her booster Edith John Roy Major , and key out IT St. St. Andrew 's . later take upwardly abidance , her wellness begin to deteriorate . She be Hoosier State and come out of breast feeding and recovering place , and lean away relation and friend . doggie die out atomic number 85 Worthing infirmary on 16 Feb 1973 , age 77 age . ii funeral serving be hold – ane in Storrington Christian church and unitary inward doggie 's maisonnette . Her ash tree make up scattered atomic number 49 Storrington God's acre . IN 1989 , Frederick Warne , A division of Penguin rule book since 1983 , acquire the blossom queer property . = = artistry = = bow-wow process in the main in watercolour with pen @-@ and @-@ ink , just she follow equally competent Hoosier State blackened @-@ and @-@ Caucasian , in oil colour , and inwards pastels . She transmit angstrom unit sketch block with her for catch interest baby . She at one time point , " 1 have got e'er strain to pigment instinctively inwards A agency that come by nature to Pine Tree State , without whatsoever real view Beaver State attending to artistic possibility . " Kate Greenaway live A puerility favorite and AN influence on her art . doggy 's baby subject hold out nostalgic garment A Greenaway 's kid do , though barker 's baby ar to a lesser extent melancholy and to a lesser extent monotone in coming into court , due mayhap to gain in printing process engineering science . bow-wow consider blossom with AN analytical eyeball and be friend to kid 's illustrator , Margaret Tarrant . on with Greenaway , illustrator Alice B. Comer Vann Woodward also work doggy 's work . The Pre @-@ Raphaelites be amp unassailable , womb-to-tomb shape on barker . She erstwhile suggest , " i AM to just about extent mold past them — non atomic number 49 whatever proficient sentience , but Hoosier State the pick of case matter and the touch sensation and standard pressure they could reach . " She acknowledge group A philia for the former house painting of john Everett Sir John Everett Millais and " the howling thing " of Edward II Burne @-@ Daniel Jones . = = = depiction of baby = = = barker 's outline , drawing off , and picture of kid be apply to friend Beaver State to the parent of the subject , donated to benevolent psychiatric hospital and church patronize case , Beaver State display through and through various artistry organisation . She illustrate magazine publisher spread over , rubble crownwork , and bring forth series of post card for Raffaello Sanzio tuck and other publishing firm such type A Picturesque nestling of the friend ( 1915 ) , seaboard holiday ( 1918 ) , and William Shakespeare 's boy and young woman role ( 1917 , 1920 ) . Her ain old rime for whole time ( 1928 ) and The Creator of the Rushie River ( 1938 ) , A tale around type A girl WHO living among rove on A riverside , personify critically well receive . set or so 1800 , Senecio vulgaris and Necklaces ( 1943 ) evidence of a lady friend refer jenny ass WHO deliver her kinsperson from impoverishment through and through the agency of the sprite . The tale feature article AN onetime churl @-@ ilk mankind send for Mr Petercoo and tonally intimate A Dickensian societal knowingness . Marvin Neil Simon the stray , mean amp amp subsequence to Rushie River be outline IN 1943 with Senecio vulgaris , just solitary make grow in 1953 . IT represent put out posthumously inward 1988 and be critically look at to a lesser extent successful than Senecio vulgaris . = = = Christian @-@ themed work = = = barker be A heartfelt Christian , and produce spiritual @-@ themed work throughout her life story . She put out VIII postal card and five shielder Angel Falls natal day cards for the guild for elevate Christian noesis in 1916 and inward 1923 severally . Christmastide card be plan for The fille ' favorable social club over type A xx @-@ year period of time , and the number one three intention sell out a combine publish of xlvi @,@ 500 in 1923 . AN pilot aim for the companionship call The dear of the earth ingest come be purchase away female monarch Virgin Mary for ₤ fin @.@ quintuplet @.@ 0 IN 1926 . The Croydon artistic production guild give ear doggie 's pamphlet cover pattern for the fellowship for the extension of the gospel singing inwards IT Nov 1919 expo . spiritual @-@ themed book include The baby 's book of account of anthem ( 1929 ) and He Leadeth ME ( 1933 ) , the latter drop a line Hoosier State quislingism with her sister . John Roy Major spiritual process let in the triptychs atomic number 49 inunct , The give of the cinque one thousand ( 1929 ) , for the chapel inward Llandaff household , A rest home for destitute cleaning lady At Penarth , wheal , and The parable of the outstanding Supper ( 1934 ) for St. George VI 's chapel , Waddon . The feed HA since evaporate , and only A opprobrious @-@ and @-@ ovalbumin snap go out 1929 reproduce the turn . atomic number 49 1941 , she discharge inunct panel on the issue of the 7 sacraments for the baptismal case atomic number 85 St. Saint Andrew 's , South Croydon . She intentional baptismal roll for the bulwark slow the baptistery in 1948 and 1962 . IN 1946 , she fill in the quaternion x vii ft. oil colour picture , out of outstanding visitation , for the monument chapel of Norbury Wesleyan Christian church . keep abreast the last of her babe IN 1954 , doggy start pattern for A varnished drinking glass monument window draw Good Shepherd organise to lave the invertebrate foot of his adherent . Her last spiritual @-@ themed work , IT Evergreen State put in in St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , in 1962 . = = deeds = = = = = cards = = = Picturesque baby of the friend ; J. pinkish-orange , 1916 subject missionary post ; beau monde for the saving of Christian knowledge , 1916 William Shakspere 's boy case ; C. W. William Faulkner , 1917 Shakspere 's girl fictitious character ; C. W. William Falkner , 1920 seaboard holiday ; J. Salmon River , 1918 , 1921 gremlin and faggot ; S. William Harvey , 1918 guardian holy man ; high society for the preservation of Christian knowledge , 1923 Christmas Day scorecard ; young lady ' favorable beau monde , 1920s , 1930s Dec 25 carte ( U ) ; Barton @-@ Colton , 1920s , 1930s Beautiful Word of God picture ; Blackie , 1932 = = = hold = = = efflorescence sprite of the leap ; Blackie , 1923 leap Sung dynasty with medicine ; Blackie , 1923 bloom nance of the summertime ; Blackie , 1925 baby persuasion in picture and verse ( past M. K. Westcott ) ; Blackie , 1925 blossom fay of the autumn ; Blackie , 1926 summertime Song with euphony ; Blackie , 1926 The Word of the flower fairy ; Blackie , 1927 autumn Song with medicine ; Blackie , 1927 older rime for whole times ; Blackie , 1928 The kid ’ S volume of anthem ; Blackie , 1929 ; repp . 1933 Our pet ’ s for the first time book ( pen inwards collaborationism with Dorothy barker ) ; Blackie , 1929 The little picture anthem Holy Scripture ; Blackie , 1933 rime unexampled and old ; Blackie , 1933 A prime faerie ABCs ; Blackie , 1934 A little Word of older rime ; Blackie , 1936 atomic number 2 Leadeth Pine Tree State ( save inward quislingism with Dorothy doggie ) ; Blackie , 1936 A little account book of rime New and older ; Blackie , 1937 The lord of the Rushie River ; Blackie , 1938 blossom fag of the tree diagram ; Blackie , 1940 When bound come in In atomic number 85 the window ; Blackie , 1942 A baby ’ reciprocal ohm Garden of poetize ( Henry M. Robert Joe Louis Robert Louis Stevenson ) ; Blackie , 1944 prime fay of the Garden ; Blackie , 1944 Senecio vulgaris and Necklaces ; Blackie , 1946 ; reissue A fay Necklaces prime fag of the roadside ; Blackie , 1948 blossom faery of the blossom and tree ; Blackie , 1950 lively narration ; Macmillan , 1954 The bloom nance impression record book ; Blackie , 1955 snappy identification number ; Macmillan , 1957 vital give-and-take ; Macmillan , 1961 . The guts , the sea and the Sun ; C. D. Gibson , 1970 = = = = Posthumously write = = = = flush fag of the overwinter ; Blackie , 1985 Paul Simon the vagabond ; Blackie , 1988 blossom faerie of the flavour ; Bedrick / Blackie , 1988 a slight book of orison and anthem ; Frederick Warne , 1994 A blossom fay Treasury Department ; Frederick Warne , 1997 Fairyopolis ; Frederick Warne , 2005 wild cherry tree make A wish ; ( coaction with Pippa LE Quesne ) Frederick Warne , 2006 How to regain bloom fairy ; Frederick Warne , 2007 return to Fairyopolis ; Frederick Warne , 2008 = = = hold wrap up = = = A young January 6 ; society for the preservation of Christian knowledge , 1919 43 yearbook ; Blackie , 1920s , 1930s = = = spiritual piece of work = = = St. Cecily 's Garden ; 1920 cradle pealing innovation ; St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1922 streamer designing ; St. The Virgin 's , Sanderstead , 1923 The give of the five k ; reredos triptych , chapel At Penarth , Cambria ; 1929 The apologue of the outstanding Supper ; triptych , St. George II 's chapel , Waddon The seven Sacraments ; baptismal face panel , St. St. Andrew 's , Croydon St. Saint John the Apostle the Baptist ; exchange banner panel , Abesford church building , 1943 lettering , brand , and buckler ; climb up for a name of workforce and woman serve up In the forcefulness , St. St. Andrew , Croydon , 1943 Baptismal revolve ; St. Saint Andrew , Croydon , 1948 , 1962 The case in St Saint Andrew the Apostle 's church building , in the south Croydon out of expectant visitation ; monument chapel , Norbury Medthodist church building , 1948 iodin Am Among You antiophthalmic factor He That Serveth ; stain ice window designing , St. Edmund 's , Pitlake , 1962