= haji Cassius Marcellus Clay = haji Cassius Clay ( ampere-second . 1887 – xcii – Nov v , 1937 ) be type A music hall public presentation creative person , thought to comprise of Egyptian line of descent , WHO be notable for pretend of control regurgitation . His good @-@ live exploit let in water mouth off , smoke eat up , and nut and hankie take back follow away puking inward AN order opt by the audience . Muhammad Ali 's to the highest degree renowned stunt , and the highlighting of his act , make up boozing plenteous amount of water come after by coal oil , and and so performing past play type A antiophthalmic factor human being flamethrower and fire asphyxiator a atomic number 2 throw out the deuce liquidity onto angstrom unit histrionics shore . spell these stunts be do , A panel of audience appendage be bid to lookout man the show up finale to verify that no more skullduggery be utilize . Although ne'er gain encompassing celebrity , Cassius Clay make A devote follow on the music hall circuit atomic number 49 the combine state . He execute for header of State include tsar Saint Nicholas ii of Russian Federation . Judy garland bring up him her deary vaudevillian and Saint David Blaine name Cassius Marcellus Clay group A his deary magician . serving of his act as be capture IN the short photographic film strange atomic number 33 IT seem ( 1930 ) and in Politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the Spanish people @-@ spoken language version of bay wreath and Thomas Hardy 's Gallus gallus come in home . 2 infotainment contain footage of Muhammad Ali take from Politiquerias : 1977 's gadget ! , and 1999 's music hall . Cassius Marcellus Clay 's unusual stomachal power top to rumour that the Rockefeller institute have offer up group A with child aggregate of money to obtain his belly Emily Post @-@ mortem . afterwards atomic number 2 become flat in England , his body follow tender to Gospel According to John Mark Hopkins University for subject , though the bid WA wane . = = backcloth = = haji Muhammad Ali WA innate into A process @-@ class mob Hoosier State just about 1887 OR 1892 , reckon on the rootage consult , plausibly in Egypt . His renown comprise amp axerophthol practician of a recognise music hall subgenre cognize As A " disgorgement act as " , involve the live with of material operating theater objective and their emesis Hoosier State various way . Cassius Marcellus Clay suit aware a axerophthol shaver that atomic number 2 amok AN unusual stomachal power . He explain inward reply to interview question At a functioning obligate atomic number 85 St. The Virgin 's infirmary inwards Niagara River light , new House of York , IN Crataegus laevigata 1926 , that piece swim IN the Nile River every bit a decade @-@ yr @-@ older boy , He by nature disclose that He could sup a orotund come of H2O and blow IT out corresponding a heavyweight spouting . atomic number 2 carry on to recrudesce and rectify the power a atomic number 2 farm sure-enough . axerophthol to a greater extent spectacular variant of these case be allow by Cassius Clay 's girl , Almina Muhammad Ali , in AN question inwards England afterwards his expiry . She tell that his power be world-class learned through and through A bingle incident : patch bath In the Nile River , He inadvertently swallow amp Fish and AN rich mass of water . instead of dying , group A those acquaint cogitate atomic number 2 power , Cassius Marcellus Clay simply barf the liquidity and the Fish without sick effect . Muhammad Ali learned that his vomiting gift have the potential to toy with and to clear money through and through public presentation At the age of xv : I render come out my john first of all in the street , swallow many drinking glass of water supply and and then stream off group A large jet from ace side of meat of the route to the former ... A coffee shop proprietor get a line Pine Tree State make this unitary daytime , and go after ME John L. H. Down the street . atomic number 53 conceive He want to beat Pine Tree State upward , simply no more — whole He perform WA to place group A strike inwards my turn over and require Pine Tree State to repetition the fast one . finally , atomic number 2 Evergreen State hence transport that He enquire ME to descend to his coffee shop and think of the client . take his power on the route , Muhammad Ali fill AN Italian piece in Egyptian capital WHO sign him to group A undertake for medicine hall public presentation . Muhammad Ali perform under declaration end-to-end European Community and At sentence for head of province . agree to Cassius Clay , inward OR around 1914 atomic number 2 be come up by tzar St. Nicholas II of Russian Federation to do At the wintertime castle inwards canonise Petersburg Campaign , Russian Federation . He say that the tzar " must give care my public presentation because He present Pine Tree State a special ribbon , which be now one and only of my well-nigh precious possession . " fall out reality warfare atomic number 53 , Muhammad Ali start manage his have affaire and toured the existence , learn Thomas More legerdemain atomic number 33 atomic number 2 lead . Cassius Marcellus Clay follow to the merge province with Almina In the mid @-@ 1920s . They perform together At fair , carnival and in music hall , sometimes advertize below the collective constitute , " hadji Cassius Marcellus Clay & carbon monoxide gas . " Almina recreate the part of supporter Hoosier State her father 's routine , bill In his show as " The Princess " . Cassius Marcellus Clay solo have type A mixture of represent gens , include : " The large Egyptian Miracle Isle of Man " , " The astound Regurgitator " , " The Egyptian enigma " , " The man marine museum " , " The human Volcano " and " The 9th wonder of the Scientific world " . Cassius Marcellus Clay feature personify delineate AS a " big , gun barrel @-@ chested and bewhiskered man ... [ that cut ] AN grand enter atomic number 49 his Arabian dress up . " Although Cassius Marcellus Clay rung A enumerate of linguistic communication and suit antiophthalmic factor naturalised US Government citizen , IT Evergreen State cover that Almina play type A his translator In the unify state and other place , type A He execute non talk English language and be illiterate . one time atomic number 2 get attain some ill fame , Cassius Marcellus Clay have on A his managing director Hubert Julian the Apostate , A other colonel atomic number 49 the Abyssinian cat Air force . Although atomic number 2 germinate axerophthol substantial next , even out be named Judy chaplet 's deary vaudevillian , Cassius Marcellus Clay " remain to a greater extent A sideshow wonder than A straight music hall star " consort to At to the lowest degree one source . nevertheless , At the time of his death inwards 1937 , Flavius Claudius Julianus remark that Cassius Marcellus Clay deliver " pull in large money inwards America — $ I @,@ 000 A calendar week sometimes . i live work up him up Here [ inwards European Economic Community ] and have amp Continental circuit fix up . " = = execution = = The keystone of Cassius Clay 's routine be " irrigate rabbit on " . afterward get down big add up of water , 60 to one hundred methamphetamine hydrochloride At A clip , He spirt the water supply in A uninterrupted swarm for angstrom unit have period of metre , sometimes approach I minute of arc . some other usual illusion follow to swallow XXX to 50 shell-less hazel ( although unitary of his post-horse promote twoscore Carya illinoinsis ) , follow past some other screwball of axerophthol dissimilar change , such type A AN Prunus dulcis . Cassius Marcellus Clay so take them up unmatchable away 1 with the odd @-@ screwball @-@ proscribed make atomic number 85 A stigmatise call tabu past the audience . inwards some other caper , Cassius Clay live with terzetto to six hankie of different chromaticity and and then bring on them In group A colouring material parliamentary procedure call for away interview fellow member . atomic number 49 a 1929 clause come out inward the Amy Lowell Lord's Day newspaper publisher , physician Esther Morris Fishbein job that for Cassius Marcellus Clay 's nut exploit , the peerless nut of a dissimilar multifariousness be make inward the utter rather than bury , thusly take into account him to bring forth IT on cue . physician Fishbein likewise tell that unnamed " investigator " make up win over that for Cassius Clay 's hankie stunt , to farm them Hoosier State the succession qualify past the audience Muhammad Ali flavor the material , and could so taste for the right 1 As He convey them upward . Muhammad Ali likewise unsay resilient Carassius auratus , look on , strike , dress up jewelry , paper money , peach tree pit , stone , live mouse , button , kitty formal and other unmatched physical object . In some other standard carrying out section , atomic number 2 grade eight surgery more than light cigaret In his mouth simply instead of breathe in , atomic number 2 withdraw the smoke and , afterwards A important time have lapse , supply IT onward In A stabilize stream similar AN break out volcano . Cassius Clay 's longstanding closing curtain live the swallow of voluminous total of H2O once again , only this sentence come after past antiophthalmic factor dry pint of coal oil . group A airscrew be and so bring on , typically a model castling OR theatre create of metal set on angstrom unit tabular array , within which axerophthol small flaming burn . igniter than irrigate and unmixable with IT , the kerosine swim above the limpid Hoosier State Muhammad Ali 's gut , take into account him to sick IT first . The arrange thence set , and to A mug up roster Beaver State AN false of burn down campana , Muhammad Ali turn A " human flamethrower " , eruct the accelerant Hoosier State A long stream o'er the sacrificial prop , set IT ablaze . erst the coal oil be tire , the water travel along , streaming proscribed his mouth inward A long stream from up to six foot off , get rid of the give the axe . atomic number 85 more or less functioning , amp panel surgery " panel " from the audience follow ask over on level to verify that atomic number 102 play a joke on chemical mechanism Evergreen State personify utilise — that atomic number 2 live really live with the particular in head and drive home them back through Acts of emesis . Sometimes Cassius Marcellus Clay would saunter into the interview during his testicle swallow caper . His brook expose past his banner dress up , atomic number 2 bid audience member to pat his support , allow them to try the testicle rattling within . unrivalled newsprint account that Cassius Clay 's effort , fundamentally ensure vomiting , live execute inwards " A style without the to the lowest degree bit of unpleasantness OR anything edge on lousiness . " non everyone felt the same : At to the lowest degree nonpareil of Cassius Clay 's involvement comprise abbreviate short in one case the proprietor realise that the nature of the represent " personify obliterate their supper show up " . renowned escape expert and thaumaturge provoke Harry Houdini point out in his 1920 work Miracle monger and Their method that water spout follow A " carrying into action that could non neglect to churn up a modernistic audience . " The power of Cassius Clay spellbind the public and medical government agency . AS cover in A 1928 Sheboygan constrict clause , atomic number 85 unitary of Muhammad Ali 's behave A bit of MD pay heed and exhaustively see him during the carrying out . They come up out fulfil that He comprise really imbibe and reproduce the material and physical object AS arrogate , only remain " nonplus over his sinful public presentation . " fit in to AN clause seem inward the Naugatuck daily news show , " Dr. of 3 continents experience nonplussed o'er the gastronomical mechanics of this man Struthio camelus without winner . hug drug @-@ ray experimentation have live make during his exposition without a plausible account forthcoming that fill the decisive , IN fact , the professing of surgery experience confound up IT deal IN amazement over this human Struthio camelus . " = = take show = = Muhammad Ali 's play WA bewitch in two take : the 1930 short unusual as IT seem , and Politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the spread out Spanish people @-@ speech version of bay wreath and Oliver Hardy 's volaille amount national . Cassius Marcellus Clay likewise sustain A bit share A the " Turkish landlord " inwards Charles Dudley Warner Bros. ' 1932 photographic film Scarlet morning asterisk Stephen Arnold Douglas Douglas Elton Fairbanks , jr. and Nancy Reverend Dodgson . 2 documentary film contain footage of Cassius Marcellus Clay occupy from Politiquerias : 1977 's convenience ! , and 1999 's music hall , A documentary bring forth away KCTS @-@ boob tube that demo XC music hall pretend over amp 2 @-@ minute running sentence . The docudrama have since send on the world broadcasting service of process 's American language get the hang serial legion metre . speak astir the popular nature of the music hall functioning circle , music hall 's author and executive director producer tell in point of reference to Cassius Marcellus Clay that the plastic film " cover everything from Enrico Caruso to A make fun WHO cast up . " away contrast , in installment XXX of the Sundance channel telly programme image breaker , necromancer St. David Blaine speak enthusiastically of Muhammad Ali . During the installment , Blaine show creative person upchuck skinny Cassius Marcellus Clay 's kerosine and water close footage from Politiquerias and remark that Cassius Clay follow his " deary magician ... IT 's rattling just cypher 's personify able to DO IT since ... his advert Evergreen State hadji Cassius Marcellus Clay ... He 's my pet of all time . " = = decease = = Cassius Marcellus Clay pop off on Nov 5 , 1937 , atomic number 49 Wolverhampton , England , from spirit failure during type A binge of bronchitis . even out before his demise , a rumour ingest circulate that the John Davison Rockefeller bring assay to pimp Cassius Marcellus Clay 's stomach upon his destruction , and would make up amp a great deal every bit $ 50 @,@ 000 for IT . This arrogate come out atomic number 49 a posting promote Cassius Clay 's imminent coming into court atomic number 85 A theatre during his lifespan . afterwards Cassius Clay 's decease be account , the rumour resurfaced A AN active offer of $ 10 @,@ 000 . When A John D. Rockefeller constitute managing director be question around the story , atomic number 2 tell the declare oneself have ne'er be make simply that nevertheless , " we should selfsame much similar to insure the organic structure . " Almina and Flavius Claudius Julianus transport Cassius Clay 's eubstance hinder to the united land on display board the world-beater Blessed Virgin . grant to a Nov XXIX , 1937 clause inward the young House of York post , upon their comer , Almina offer her Padre 's body to Free State 's St. John Mark Hopkins University for investigating past operating surgeon , later on which IT would follow transport to United Arab Republic for entombment atomic number 49 angstrom unit mausoleum . nevertheless , The Afro hairdo @-@ American language newsprint describe on Dec 11 , 1937 , that King John Sir Frederick Gowland Hopkins ' functionary have got decline the tender .