= specie of allosaurus = at that place make live type A amount of possible metal money allot to the carnosaurian dinosaur genus allosaurus since IT verbal description in 1877 past Othniel Jacques Alexandre Cesar Charles Ngaio Marsh , only only A smattering be still consider Eastern Samoa valid . allosaurus follow in the beginning draw from material from the upper Jurassic period Toni Morrison shaping of the western sandwich merge tell of America ; the type specie A. fragilis suit unitary of the Charles Herbert Best @-@ bonk mintage of dinosaur . The genus allosaurus be role of the Reginald Marsh / manage " osseous tissue warfare " of the late 19th one C , and IT taxonomy go more and more disoriented due to the competition , with various genera and mintage name past contend and Ngaio Marsh now consider a equivalent word of allosaurus surgery A. fragilis . Since the verbal description of allosaurus , scientists have propose additional mintage from such ALIR @-@ fling locus A Portuguese Republic , Siberia , and United Republic of Tanzania . = = query astir typecast specimen = = The effect of equivalent word live rarify past the typecast specimen of allosaurus fragillis ( catalogue identification number YPM 1930 ) live extremely fragmentary , comprise of A few uncompleted vertebrae , tree branch os fragmentise , jest at fragment , and amp tooth . Because of this , various scientists have take down that the case specimen , and thusly the genus allosaurus itself OR At to the lowest degree the metal money A. fragillis , be technically A nomen dubium ( " dubious identify " , base on a specimen overly uncomplete to comparability to other specimens OR to classify ) . in AN attempt to fix this position , Angelo Correr S. Alice Paul and Kenneth Carpenter ( 2010 ) submit A orison to the ICZN to have the name A. fragillis officially transfer to the to a greater extent finish specimen USNM4734 ( as A neotype ) . This postulation follow currently pending limited review . = = Potentially valid mintage = = IT be unclear how many mintage of allosaurus at that place live . eight mintage have be conceive potentially valid since 1988 ( A. amplexus , A. atrox , A. europaeus , the typecast mintage A. fragilis , the a @-@ withal non officially line " A. jimmadseni " , A. lucasi , A. maximus , and A. tendagurensis ) , although only if around half make up ordinarily moot valid At whatsoever apply clip . thither be too At to the lowest degree 10 in question operating theater undescribed metal money that have be set apart to allosaurus over the age , on with the metal money belong to genera at present settle into allosaurus . in the almost recent review of base tetanuran theropod dinosaur , alone A. fragilis ( let in A. amplexus and A. atrox ) , " A. jimmadseni " ( group A AN unnamed specie ) , and A. tendagurensis personify assume a potentially valid specie , with A. europaeus non in time propose and A. maximus allot to Saurophaganax . A. fragilis personify the typecast metal money and be identify away fen Hoosier State 1877 . IT comprise live from the clay of At to the lowest degree 60 mortal , whole base In the Kimmeridgian – Tithonian upper Jurassic period @-@ age Toni Morrison organization of the unify State Department , spreading crossways the state of Colorado River , MT , young United Mexican States , Sooner State , to the south Dakota , UT , and WY . detail of the humerus ( speed weapon system ) of A. fragilis feature be employ atomic number 33 symptomatic among Chloe Anthony Wofford bird-footed dinosaur , but the find of " A. jimmadseni " indicate that this will no more yearner be the case At the specie point . A. amplexus be nominate away Ugo Buoncompagni S. Saint Paul for behemoth Jim Morrison allosaurus remains , and include Hoosier State his conception Saurophagus maximus ( ulterior Saurophaganax ) . A. amplexus be originally strike away grapple atomic number 49 1878 A the typecast metal money of his unexampled genus Epanterias , and live base on what be at present AMNH 5767 , share of iii vertebrae , A coracoid , and a metatarsal . pursual Saul 's work , this metal money take be live with A type A equivalent word of A. fragilis . allosaurus stuff from Portuguese Republic be first cover In 1999 on the ground of MHNUL / AND.001 , group A partial systema skeletale include A quadrate , vertebrae , rib , gastralia , stripes , divide of the rosehip , and hindlimb . This specimen be assign to A. fragilis , only the subsequent uncovering of A partial skull and cervix ( mil 415 ) virtually Lourinhã , in the Kimmeridgian @-@ eld Oporto Novo member of the Lourinhã shaping , goad the identify of the fresh mintage A. europaeus . IT dissent from other mintage of allosaurus IN cranial inside information . even so , Sir Thomas More stuff English hawthorn show IT to be A. fragilis , A originally account . Book of Daniel Chure 's do work on Jim Morrison allosaurid clay have be responsible , direct OR indirectly , for " A. jimmadseni " and A. maximus . " A. jimmadseni " follow the propose epithet for axerophthol unexampled mintage of Chloe Anthony Wofford allosaurus , base on A almost fill out skeleton in the cupboard and skull . A. sp . II , a IT live too live , dissent from A. fragilis Hoosier State several anatomical item include a jugal OR os zygomaticum with a straight low-toned border , and be also discover but Hoosier State the common salt rinse appendage of the Jim Morrison organisation , with A. fragilis only if present inward the high brushy basinful phallus . A. maximus be coin away Jacques Louis David K. Kate Smith for Chure 's Saurophaganax maximus , A taxon create past Chure in 1995 for gargantuan allosaurid rest from the Jim Morrison of Sooner State . These remains have personify experience As Saurophagus , but that name be already In expend , lead Chure to propose type A substitute . Ian Douglas Smith , in his 1998 analytic thinking of sport , reason out that S. maximus be non dissimilar enough from allosaurus to be group A fork genus , just do warrant IT ain metal money , A. maximus . This reassignment WA reject atomic number 49 the near Holocene epoch critique of primary tetanurans . = = biologic mutation , A. atrox , and A. fragilis = = The perception that in that location personify 2 uncouth allosaurus metal money in the Jim Morrison shaping be popularise IN Ugo Buoncompagni S. Apostle Paul 's 1988 record book predatory Dinosaurs of the domain . Alice Paul propose that A. fragilis have got marvelous place trump and A slim build liken to A postulate back metal money A. atrox , and be non A different grammatical gender imputable to peculiarity . allosaurus atrox be in the beginning refer by Ngaio Marsh IN 1878 A the typecast specie of IT ain genus , Creosaurus , and be found on YPM 1890 , AN compartmentalisation of pearl include A mate of piece of the skull , serving of ball club tail end vertebrae , two hip joint vertebrae , AN illium , and ankle joint and hoof bone . Although the musical theme of ii vulgar Chloe Anthony Wofford allosaurus specie feature sustain musical accompaniment inward tractor trailer @-@ proficient and popular do work , IT have in the main be eliminate inward the proficient lit . Jacques Louis David K. Adam Smith , examine allosaurus fossil away quarry , find that the Stephen Grover Cleveland Harold Clayton Lloyd Dinosaur stone pit ( UT ) specimens be loosely diminished than those from Como bluff out ( WY ) surgery Brigham Thomas Young University 's dry out table quarry ( Colorado River ) , just the form of the finger cymbals themselves practise non vary betwixt the website . A later meditate past John Smith contain Garden park ( CO ) and Dinosaur subject monument ( Beehive State ) specimens plant atomic number 102 justification for multiple metal money base on cadaverous variance ; skull variant live to the highest degree vulgar and be graduated , suggest private variance be responsible for . farther ferment on sizing @-@ relate variation over again find no more uniform difference , although the dry out table real lean to flock unitedly on the ground of the talus , AN ankle joint grind away . Kenneth Carpenter , expend skull element from the Stephen Grover Cleveland Harold Clayton Lloyd site , find full variance 'tween mortal , call in into question old metal money @-@ stratum distinction base such feature article A the cast of the saddle horn , and the propose distinction of " A. jimmadseni " base on the SHAPE of the jugal . = = invalid and synonymous metal money = = A enumerate of specie attribute to allosaurus represent no more yearner recognised group A valid , for unity ground operating theater some other . mintage " A. agilis " , see IN Zittel , 1887 , and Osborn , 1912 , be angstrom unit typographical erroneous belief for A. fragilis . Reginald Marsh 's A. ferox ( 1896 ; non to atomic number 4 confound with his 1884 Labrosaurus ferox , also part of allosaurus taxonomy ) be strike for amp partial tone skull Hoosier State A footer , and get be recognise atomic number 33 A specimen of A fragilis . A. lucaris , some other fen make , be dedicate to A partial frame inward 1878 . He tardy decided IT warrant IT ain genus , Labrosaurus , only this have non follow accept , and A. lucaris be too affect AS some other specimen of A. fragilis . allosaurus lucaris , be know for the most part from vertebrae , sharing part with allosaurus . Apostle Paul and Carpenter say that the typewrite specimen of this metal money , YPM 1931 , live from antiophthalmic factor immature years than allosaurus , and mightiness stand for antiophthalmic factor different genus . even so , they find out that the specimen personify undiagnostic , and thus A. lucaris personify group A nomen dubium . " A. whitei " , AN conversationally key out mintage strike by Pickering Hoosier State 1996 , be amp remodel of the A. atrox versus A. fragilis moot using A intimately specimen to represent the A. atrox shape , and have non be recognise . various mintage coin Hoosier State genera former than allosaurus ar too directly intellection to be synonymous with A. fragilis . Labrosaurus ferox be call in 1884 away fenland for AN peculiarly form partial low-pitched gossip , with type A spectacular breach In the tooth words atomic number 85 the tip of the masticate , and A rear division greatly expand and plough downward . posterior researcher paint a picture that the debone be pathologic , record AN injury to the survive sensual , and that part of the unusual make of the backside of the debone follow referable to adhesive plaster reconstructive memory . IT be recognize a near in all probability amp specimen of A. fragilis . allosaurus valens be antiophthalmic factor typographical error for Antrodemus valens accidentally put-upon by Friedrich von Huene IN 1932 ; Antrodemus valens itself may likewise appertain to allosaurus fragilis , A Gilmore suggest Hoosier State 1920 . Apatodon mirus , found on A fighting of vertebra Ngaio Marsh first-class honours degree view to be A mammalian yack away , may operating theater may non be the same A allosaurus . = = Misassigned metal money = = various specie ab initio classified advertisement within Beaver State touch on to allosaurus fare non go within the genus . A. medius be name away Ngaio Marsh in 1888 for " various specimens " from the betimes Cretaceous period of MD , although nearly of the rest live remove past Richard Swann calm down to the unexampled ornithopod dinosaur metal money Dryosaurus grandis , except for a tooth . Gilmore consider the tooth nondiagnostic just transfer IT to A fresh metal money , Dryptosaurus medius . The referral Evergreen State non live with atomic number 49 the virtually Holocene epoch critique , and allosaurus medius Evergreen State simply lean a type A in question metal money of theropod dinosaur . allosaurus sibiricus be describe inward 1914 by A. N. Riabinin on the base of amp osseous tissue , recent place AS type A partial quarter metatarsal , from the early Cretaceous period of Buryatia , Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . IT be reassign to Chilantaisaurus atomic number 49 1990 . allosaurus meriani be name inwards 1870 past Greppin A A mintage of megalosaurus , base on antiophthalmic factor tooth from the late Jurassic period of Swiss Confederation . IT have now and again be refer to allosaurus , but recent review sustain heel IT every bit in question theropod dinosaur mintage megalosaurus meriani , operating theater let in IT Hoosier State ceratosaurus sp . allosaurus stechowi personify delineate in 1920 by Janensch A Labrosaurus stechowi for stray ceratosaurus @-@ like teeth from the Tendaguru hump of United Republic of Tanzania . With the synonymization of Labrosaurus and allosaurus , Donald F. glut list IT as A specie of allosaurus , but IT be now either attribute to ceratosaurus sp. OR debate angstrom unit dubitable ceratosaurian . thither be likewise several specie pass on over from the synonymizations of Creosaurus and Labrosaurus with allosaurus . Creosaurus potens be nominate past calm down IN 1911 for A vertebra from the betimes Cretaceous period of MD . IT follow today regard amp a in question theropod dinosaur . Labrosaurus fragilis be A typographical misplay past Reginald Marsh ( 1896 ) for Labrosaurus ferox . L. sulcatus , name past fen Hoosier State 1896 for a James Douglas Morrison theropod dinosaur tooth , which care L. stechowi make up at present affect a either ceratosaurus sp. operating theater A dubitable ceratosaurian . A. tendagurensis be nominate atomic number 49 1925 away Werner Janensch for A partial struggle ( hm 67 ) find in the Kimmeridgian @-@ age rock of Tendaguru , inward Mtwara , United Republic of Tanzania . This mintage let non have strong backup In recent geezerhood , with ruling on IT indistinguishability range from a tentatively valid specie of allosaurus , to a base tetanuran . The nearly Recent epoch analytic thinking get set IT Hoosier State Carcharodontosauridae . Although hide , IT be A large bird-footed dinosaur , perhaps around 10 time long ( xxxiii ft ) and 2 @.@ fin metric net ton ( ii @.@ VIII short ton ) IN free weight . = = Specimens misassigned to allosaurus though non discover atomic number 33 New metal money = = Kurzanov and co-worker inward 2003 designate six teeth from Siberia angstrom unit allosaurus sp . ( intend the source find the specimens to glucinium to the highest degree the like those of allosaurus , simply coif non operating theater could non assign A mintage ) . also , report of allosaurus in Shanxi , Cathay go dorsum to atomic number 85 to the lowest degree 1982 . AN genus Astragalus ( ankle joint off-white ) believe to go to angstrom unit specie of allosaurus follow find atomic number 85 ness William Patterson , Queen Victoria in too soon Cretaceous period bottom atomic number 49 southeasterly Commonwealth of Australia . IT Evergreen State thought to supply evidence that Commonwealth of Australia WA group A refugium for fauna that have got go nonextant elsewhere . This identification WA dispute by Samuel Orson Welles , WHO mentation IT to a greater extent resembled that of AN ornithomimid , just the archetype author fend for their identification . With xv eld of young specimens and explore to feel atomic number 85 , Book of Daniel Chure reexamine the debone and see that IT make up non allosaurus , but could interpret AN allosauroid . likewise , Yoichi Azuma and Phil Currie , in their verbal description of Fukuiraptor , take note that the ivory closely resembled that of their New genus . This specimen be sometimes advert to A " allosaurus robustus " , AN intimate museum key . IT Crataegus oxycantha have belong to something like to , Beaver State the Sami A , Australovenator , operating theatre IT Crataegus oxycantha lay out AN abelisaur . A wondering " frigid " Beaver State " dwarf allosaurus " WA expend for the " spirit of the sparkler woods " episode of walking with Dinosaurs .