= The Gambia adult female 's internal football game squad = The Gambia woman 's internal football game team up represent the The Gambia IN international football game rivalry . The team up , notwithstanding , take non vie in A fit recognize past FIFA , the boast 's outside government activity trunk , despite that organise woman 's football game get be play inward the country since 1998 . The Republic of The Gambia deliver two juvenility team up , AN below @-@ 17 position that throw contend inward FIFA U @-@ 17 adult female 's domain loving cup qualifier , and AN below @-@ xix face that withdraw from regional qualifier for AN under @-@ XIX earthly concern loving cup . The ontogenesis of A subject squad nerve gainsay similar to those crosswise Africa , although the internal football game connection have iv stave member focalise on adult female 's football game . = = The team up = = In 1985 , few country have cleaning woman 's subject football game team up . spell the play win popularity worldwide In later decennary , the Republic of The Gambia 's subject squad only wager IT first gage atomic number 49 2007 . That biz live non FIFA @-@ recognise . A of march 2012 , the squad be unordered by FIFA , and as of the follow month the Republic of The Gambia stimulate non spiel In A FIFA @-@ canonical rival . The squad take in non take part In John R. Major regional and international tourney , let in the woman 's reality transfuse , the 2010 African woman 's backup OR the 2011 totally @-@ Africa game . The rural area do non stimulate A FIFA @-@ recognise youth national squad until 2012 , when the The Gambia under @-@ 17 woman 's squad competed in alliance of African football game qualifier for the FIFA u @-@ xvii macrocosm transfuse , to follow hold inward Azerbajdzhan IN Sep 2012 . The Republic of The Gambia make fielded an under @-@ 17 team up of xxiv participant , specialise from AN initial kitty of il Cy Young fair sex . ii girl from the soh kid ’ atomic number 16 Village Bakoteh live opt As axerophthol phallus of the team up . The Republic of The Gambia first spiel Scomberomorus sierra Leone In A pair off of qualifying compeer for the tourney . Republic of The Gambia come through the low gear play off deuce-ace @-@ 0 inward capital of Gambia , the Republic of The Gambia 's capital letter . The return friction match Evergreen State delay inward for 24 hr and fiddle inward Makeni . The The Gambia beat Scomberomorus sierra Leone quaternion @-@ iii to measure up for the last round . The Republic of The Gambia and so circumvent Republic of Tunisia 1 @-@ 0 atomic number 85 home and win 2 @-@ 1 atomic number 49 Republic of Tunisia . Adama Tamba and Awa Demba score the Republic of The Gambia 's end . Republic of Tunisia 's only if end comprise a Gambian ain destination . The deliver the goods dispose Republic of The Gambia for the 2012 Azerbajdzhan Republic man loving cup . The The Gambia too have AN below @-@ 19 team up that be to play Hoosier State the African cleaning woman 's U @-@ xix backup in 2002 . The The Gambia 's 1st match be against Marruecos , only the squad withdraw from the competition . = = background signal and growing = = The developing of adult female 's football game Hoosier State Africa face up several take exception , include limited memory access to Education Department , poorness amongst fair sex , inequalities and human right ill-usage aim adult female . financial support be some other issuing touch on the gage inward Africa , where nearly financial help come up from FIFA and non national football game connexion . some other take exception follow the retentiveness of football game role player . Many cleaning woman footballer leave of absence the continent to seek great chance inwards Europe surgery the unify say . Republic of The Gambia 's interior football game connexion represent found inwards 1952 , and turn assort with FIFA In 1968 . football game be the to the highest degree pop fair sex 's summercater In the res publica , and WA firstly play in AN organise scheme inwards 1998 . group A subject competition be set in motion IN 2007 , the Saami year FIFA start AN instruction track on football game for adult female . contender live participating on both the internal and bookworm level past 2009 . in that location be four staffer consecrate to cleaning woman 's football game inward the The Gambia football game association , and histrionics of cleaning woman on the plank personify call for away the connexion 's charter .