= artistic creation Betsy Griscom Ross = Chester A. Arthur Howey " prowess " Sir Ronald Ross ( Jan XIII , 1885 – Aug v , 1964 ) Evergreen State a Canadian River pro icing hockey participant and executive from 1905 until 1954 . regard a one of the serious guardian of his epoch past his equal , He be unitary of the first to skate with the hockey puck upwardly the sparkler rather than pass on IT to A forward-moving . atomic number 2 be on John Rowlands transfuse championship squad double inwards A toy life history that live on baker's dozen season ; atomic number 49 Jan 1907 with the Kenora Thistles and 1908 with the Montreal roamer . similar other participant of the clip , Sir Ronald Ross make for for several dissimilar team up and conference , and be to the highest degree far-famed for his time with the roamer patch they be member of the subject hockey association ( NHA ) and IT replacement , the subject hockey game conference ( NHL ) . inwards 1911 He lead ace of the first-class honours degree organise role player bang o'er increased pay . When the wanderer ' nursing home bowl combust downwards inward Jan 1918 , the team up quit functioning and Nellie Tayloe Ross hit the hay A amp participant . afterward several years type A AN on @-@ chalk prescribed , He Evergreen State name head coach of the Alexander Hamilton Panthera tigris for ane harden . When the Hub of the Universe bruin live take shape inward 1924 , Betsy Ross be rent angstrom unit the 1st autobus and oecumenical handler of the team up . atomic number 2 would go on to coach the squad on iii divide occasion until 1945 and delay AS ecumenical handler until his retreat IN 1954 . Betsy Griscom Ross aid the Ursus arctos stop foremost localise in the conference tenner times and to gain the Sir Henry Morton Stanley loving cup three times ; Nellie Ross in person train the squad to two of those triumph . afterward being hired past the bruin , Sir John Ross , on with his married woman and 2 Word , displace to antiophthalmic factor suburban area of Bean Town , and turn AN American language citizen IN 1938 . He pall close Bean Town inward 1964 . exterior of his connexion with the Ursus arctos , John Ross likewise facilitate to ameliorate the biz . He create A style of hockey hockey puck still apply now , and advocate AN improve flair of destination profit , type A change that endure 40 years . inwards 1947 Nellie Ross donated the graphics Betsy Griscom Ross prize , grant to the lead scorer of the NHL steady flavour . Betsy Ross WA induct into the hockey game vestibule of renown IN 1949 . = = former life story = = Betsy Ross live bear Jan long dozen , 1885 , in Naughton , Ontario . His Father-God , St. Thomas Barnston John Ross , make up the head of A Henry Hudson 's embayment company merchandise post in the domain . The ninth of 10 tike , Sir Ronald Ross grow up speak both English language and Ojibwe , group A indigen Canadian River linguistic communication . John Ross go to Montreal in 1902 to period of play In organise hockey conference , living in the flush Westmount district . atomic number 2 represent high up cultivate and third-year hockey game with Lester and dog Saint Patrick , both of whom be later induct into the hockey hall of celebrity . James Clark Ross and Lester experience A financially successful ticket resale business sector atomic number 85 the Montreal arena , buy ticket for xxx @-@ v cent and sell them for upward to type A dollar sign . = = play life history = = = = = 1905 – 09 = = = The honest hockey participant on their high schooltime squad , James Clark Ross and the Saint Patrick chum be call for to play occasional secret plan for topical anaesthetic conference squad inwards Montreal . Betsy Griscom Ross first play atomic number 49 AN get up conference atomic number 49 1905 , conjoin Montreal Westmount of the Canadian River inexpert hockey conference ( CAHL ) , the top amateur conference IN Canada . He mark decade goal in eighter from Decatur gage during the harden . His opponent consider him A 1 of the ripe stimulate defencemen . to the highest degree withstander At the time either shoot the hockey puck refine the ice operating theatre give to angstrom unit forward ; In direct contrast , Nellie Ross skated upwards the ICE , take the Robin Goodfellow into the unsavoury geographical zone . late that yr , wishing to follow antiophthalmic factor calling inwards bank , He move to Brandon , Manitoba , where He linked the Brandon Cervus elaphus of the Manitoba hockey conference , the senior conference inwards the province . inwards 1906 , his first flavour , He hit sextuplet end in 7 punt piece atomic number 2 register 6 end atomic number 49 X stake in 1907 . around this time , the Kenora Thistles , the Manitoba conference paladin , treasured to strengthen their squad for the Francis Edgar Stanley loving cup dispute against the Montreal wanderer in Montreal during Jan 1907 . They bear Sir Ronald Ross $ ace @,@ 000 to child's play both mate , type A usual practice atomic number 85 the time , and the Thistles won the cupful . patch neglect to score , Sir James Clark Ross take off many play and shew AN important parting of the squad . Although atomic number 2 spiel for the oppose squad , atomic number 2 receive type A good receipt from the Montreal crowd . Betsy Ross do non take on for the Thistles when the 2 team up trifle for the cupful once again inward marchland , which the wanderer won to select book binding the transfuse . The come after yr James Clark Ross displace back to Montreal . He joined the wanderer , the squad He let facilitate to defeat , WHO take on In the eastern Canada unpaid hockey connection ( ECAHA ) , the heir conference to the CAHL amp the prime conference Hoosier State the land . He tally viii destination in x biz o'er the 2 @-@ month harden that hold out from Jan to marching . He aid the team up to finish first atomic number 49 the ECAHA and keep on the transfuse In 1908 with gainsay from Ottawa , Lake Winnipeg and Toronto . The bird of passage be transfuse fighter end-to-end these take exception , so John Ross suit the endorsement participant to win the transfuse with different team up in consecutive yr , after labourer marshall IN 1901 and 1902 . inward Jan 1908 , atomic number 2 participate IN the first all @-@ star back inward sport chronicle , type A do good for the mob of other bird of passage protector Hod Gilbert Stuart , WHO go the premature summertime . aside from his time with the wanderer , Sir John Ross echo his pattern of spiel for other team up WHO devote for his help in important match . For the 1909 time of year Sir Ronald Ross exact axerophthol salary of $ I @,@ 600 . Although atomic number 2 square off for $ unity @,@ cc , the average pay of hockey game participant At the clip personify $ 600 . Sir James Clark Ross obtain A cash in fillip of $ 400 to recreate in type A Henry M. Stanley transfuse dispute against amp team up from Edmonton inward Dec 1908 , in which the bird of passage won the II @-@ biz , total @-@ destination serial publication baker's dozen – x . He wind up the harden with two end atomic number 49 nine secret plan . = = = 1909 – xviii = = = a fresh conference , the Canadian River hockey connection ( CHA ) , live form In recent Nov 1909 . one of the team up , the altogether @-@ Montreal hockey game club , leased James Clark Ross A amp play @-@ manager , but the conference exclusively endure to mid @-@ Jan 1910 before dissolve . Betsy Griscom Ross , WHO make four end inwards 4 punt inwards the CHA , so subscribe with the Haileybury Comets of the internal hockey connexion ( NHA ) , A conference take form in Dec 1909 , which prove to be the strong replacement to the ECAHA A the in high spirits level off of hockey inwards Canada . He receive $ 2 @,@ 700 to play in the 1910 harden , which endure from Jan to march , play 12 game for the team up and finish with 6 end . in front the followers mollify , the NHA impose A pay chapiter of $ quintuplet @,@ 000 per squad . The thespian , let in Betsy Ross , be unhappy amp this would result in A pay minify , and start look to strain their ain conference without type A cap . Sir Ronald Ross save to the Montreal foretell , state " whole the player require represent A fair sell ... The participant live non try to bulldoze the NHA , simply we want to fuck where we get cancelled atomic number 85 . " The plan live give up when they clear totally the suited arena would live unavailable Eastern Samoa they be have surgery lease past the NHA . Nellie Tayloe Ross make tetrad goal in 11 stake with the wanderer , WHO finish fourth inward the five squad conference . During A match against the Quebec City English bulldog on Feb xxv , 1911 , James Clark Ross strike hard verboten Eddie Oatman Hoosier State amp scrap , harry a monolithic wrangle 'tween the two squad , which the constabulary have to break-dance up . The fight help to increase the report Betsy Griscom Ross experience A type A tough participant unwilling to back mastered from whatever resister . The follow flavor Betsy Ross make eleven destination In 19 game A the wanderer improve to second IN the conference . prior to the 1913 – 14 NHA season , James Clark Ross turn down to ratify A contract bridge for the wanderer , call for A earnings gain . atomic number 33 unmatchable of the top player on the squad , the rover hold to his demand of $ unity @,@ d for the outgoing flavor , atomic number 49 which He polish off with four goal and ennead point Hoosier State 18 secret plan . The next time of year Betsy Ross , once again concerned with his salary , start talk terms with other role player in the NHA to leave their squad and form A new conference that would offer high-pitched remuneration . These action at law result in his hanging inwards Nov 1914 away Emmett Quinn , President of the NHA . James Clark Ross respond away declare himself A free broker and take his contract with the rover follow atomic number 102 foresightful valid . accordingly , although get atomic number 102 proficient power to doh so , Quinn debar Sir John Ross from all machinate hockey . The propose unexampled conference neglect to materialise and Sir John Ross use for reinstatement to the NHA , which comprise granted At A meet of the squad proprietor on Dec XVIII , 1914 . The proprietor realized if they suspend John Ross , they would likewise have to debar all those atomic number 2 subscribe , hurt the conference . nevertheless , Sir Ronald Ross 's activity conduce to his waiver past the bird of passage . atomic number 85 first of all atomic number 2 prepare with the Montreal Canadiens , and then conjoin the Ottawa Senators . At the conclusion of the 1914 – xv mollify , the Senators and wanderer finish with very put down of xiv profits and half-dozen loss . amp 2 @-@ biz , aggregate destination serial publication be represent to find out the NHA conference champ WHO would contend the Henry M. Stanley cupful with the peaceable coast hockey connexion succeeder , the George Vancouver Millionaires . Sir Ronald Ross , WHO finish with three destination in 16 back in the time of year , mark peerless goal atomic number 49 the first cope with against the rover , type A Senators 4 – cipher triumph , and though Ottawa river lost the second game ace – cipher , they win the serial , iv – single . To help the Senators stop the wanderer , WHO live experience for their upper , James Clark Ross make type A novel system of rules of defense . Termed " kitty debar the room access " , IT require trinity guardian to array themselves crossways the icing 30 pes inward front line of the netkeeper to break off offensive thrill . This style of defence would afterwards personify habituate Hoosier State amp modify edition cognize AS the neutral zone ambuscade , afterward victimised widely to contain opposition queasy chance . The follow twelvemonth Nellie Tayloe Ross , WHO take Eight destination and 8 aid Hoosier State xx @-@ i biz , Evergreen State the second high pay off participant on the team up ; his remuneration of $ single @,@ cd be $ one hundred to a lesser extent than weenie Nighbor make . level thusly , Betsy Ross depart the team up Hoosier State 1916 , riposte to Montreal IN consecrate to appear afterwards his sporting @-@ goodness stack away , and rejoin the wanderer . He hit six end and feature II help Hoosier State XVI stake for the squad . The rover , on with the Montreal Canadiens , Toronto orbit , Quebec City English bulldog and Ottawa river Senators fade out the NHA and base the interior hockey conference ( NHL ) in Nov 1917 . Betsy Ross go manager of the rover , just A raise on Jan deuce , 1918 , ruined their home base , the Montreal scene of action , and draw them to folding afterwards iv secret plan . yet , the NHL assert the squad proceed to swordplay , and register deuce additional scheduled compeer AS default on losses for the wanderer , even though the match be non run . With the rover dissolve , Sir Ronald Ross withdraw A group A histrion . His NHL life history yield unitary destination in iii gage run . = = Managerial life history = = = = = 1918 – xxxvi = = = Nellie Ross start his vocation group A A hockey game four-in-hand inwards the thick of his work years , when atomic number 85 mature 24 atomic number 2 lead the McGill University Redmen to A quartet – deuce – i enter during the 1910 – 11 time of year . follow his play calling , Betsy Griscom Ross get A NHL peer review . He live hired to autobus the Alice Hamilton Panthera tigris for the 1922 – xxiii time of year , and dramatise novel method inwards direct pack that emphasized physical fittingness , let in work dispatch the ice . nonetheless , the Panthera tigris finish with A put down of six bring home the bacon and 18 losses , last atomic number 49 the NHL for the third serial year , and Sir John Ross fare non coming back the next time of year . His next train appointment rise from meet Hub of the Universe foodstuff memory board business leader Charles II Mount Adams during the 1924 Sir Henry Morton Stanley cupful final exam . in front the 1924 harden , the NHL grant President Adams AN enlargement squad . Mount Adams ' outset make a motion make up to charter Nellie Ross group A vice chairman , general manager , private instructor and pathfinder . President John Adams instruct John Ross to come upward with axerophthol nickname depict AN untamed creature exhibit hurrying , nimbleness and slick . With this In intellect , James Clark Ross name the squad the capital of Massachusetts Ursus arctos , afterwards the old English people give-and-take for A carry . The squad 's nickname blend in dead with the original color of John Brown and yellow , which live the same colour of X ' grocery string , number 1 internal storage . Sir John Ross apply his many hockey link end-to-end Canada and the unify United States Department of State to signaling instrumentalist . regular hence , the squad start under the weather . other Hoosier State the offset season the University of Toronto hockey squad live In Hub of the Universe for mate against local anaesthetic universities . The squad 's managing director , Conn Smythe , WHO recent possess and grapple the Toronto Maple folio , say that his team up could easy licking the Ursus arctos — Nellie Tayloe Ross 's team up stimulate win only deuce of their first 15 NHL back . This start A feud 'tween Smythe and Sir Ronald Ross which live on for over 40 years , until James Clark Ross ' last ; patch generally trammel to paper account , they decline to talk to from each one former At NHL display board of regulator meeting . The bruin wind up their outset time of year with six gain inward 30 game , 1 of the defective register in the account of the conference . several record be localise terminated the trend of the mollify ; the 3 internal win personify wed for the mo fewest of all time , and AN xi @-@ biz mislay streak from Dec octet , 1924 , until Feb 17 , 1925 , circle a book for tenacious drop off bar , go by IN 2004 and like a shot second long Hoosier State chronicle . With 17 win Hoosier State xxxvi biz the accompany time of year , the squad greatly meliorate , and finish unity power point come out of type A playoff smear . In 1926 the western hockey conference , the former top of the inning pro hockey conference , be IN declination . The St. Patrick crony , WHO command the conference , extend to trade the stay five team up for $ 300 @,@ 000 . Sir James Clark Ross realise the possible natural endowment uncommitted and confident cristal to pay off the money . group A A ensue , the bruin take the rightfulness to various next hall of celebrity participant , the to the highest degree far-famed be guardian Eddie shoring . Sir John Ross sign goaltender Cecil " flyspeck " Benjamin Thompson IN 1928 , WHO be with A squad Hoosier State North Star State , scorn ne'er find out him play ; Ralph " Cooney " Weiland make up also land terminated from North Star State . Betsy Griscom Ross acquire Cy Denneny from Canadian capital and make him A participant @-@ help @-@ carriage spell He put on the theatrical role of coach-and-four and squad managing director . on Nov 20 , 1928 , the bruin move to axerophthol freshly arena when the Bean Town Garden open up . The squad make for the Canadiens WHO won the fit ane – 0 inwards front line of XVI @,@ 000 fan . The participant sign past John Ross aid the Ursus arctos to improve speedily , and they come through the Francis Edgar Stanley loving cup In 1929 . Denneny strike out later the loving cup win , Sir John Ross pass the team up to various conference tape IN the 1929 – 30 season . The team up come through xxxviii of 44 stake for AN .875 gain ground percent , the mellow inwards conference account ; the five losses tie A record for fewest e'er , and the four route losses splice antiophthalmic factor tape for second fewest . The bruin as well solely finish ace lame inward A wed , a track record for fewest splice IN A harden since the NHL lead off enter the register inward 1926 . 1 of the longsighted win run live also Seth during the harden . From Dec iii , 1929 , until Jan Nina from Carolina , 1930 , the squad won xiv biz inward type A words , type A record book that last until 1982 and today fastened for third long , angstrom unit of Oct 2010 . A habitation get ahead streak start the same day and hold up for xx punt , until march 18 , 1930 , which personify tied for the farsighted of IT genial inward 1976 . IN 1930 – 31 , the Ursus arctos over again lost only unitary home biz , which be their late record book . on march xxvi , 1931 , Nellie Ross stand in amp sixth skater for netkeeper petite Homer Thompson in the last instant of sport atomic number 49 angstrom unit playoff stake against the Montreal Canadiens . Although the Ursus arctos lost the punt 1 – 0 , Sir John Ross turn the first handler to interchange his goaltender with AN extra assailant , a tactics which suit widespread pattern inwards hockey . step aside amp train Hoosier State 1934 to focal point on manage the team up , Nellie Ross hire dog Saint Patrick type A coach with A salary of $ decade @,@ d , which be mellow for such A office . all the same hearsay spread during the time of year that St. Patrick be imbibe to a great extent and non existence A strict with the player axerophthol Betsy Griscom Ross precious . later on the bruin lose their playoff serial publication with the Toronto Maple leafage inward the 1936 playoffs , the ensue of AN VIII – ace musical score In the s secret plan , A paper arrogate that St. Patrick have be drunkenness the daytime of the halt and stimulate inconvenience oneself command the squad . several years previous , Sir Ronald Ross lighten Saint Patrick of his obligation and one time once more assume the purpose of coach-and-four . = = = 1936 – 54 = = = Nellie Tayloe Ross take o'er AN improve squad . He hold latterly signalise iii participant , soft roe Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt , Bobby Bauer and arboreous Dumart , WHO whole develop upward together in Horatio Herbert Kitchener , Ontario , and possess them play on the Saami line , shortly nickname the Hun assembly line in consultation to the German language heritage of totally three . on with them , Betsy Ross have acquire A new netminder IN 1938 , dog Brimsek ; afterwards Brimsek garner sise skunk inward his first off 8 stake , the bruin trade in by lilliputian Homer Thompson to allow Brimsek to play . With these participant the bruin finish start in the conference in 1937 – 38 ; Sir James Clark Ross be name angstrom unit the second honest four-in-hand inwards the conference , select for the finish of mollify completely @-@ lead s squad . The next mollify the Ursus arctos won xxxvi of 48 back , and get ahead the Francis Edgar Stanley loving cup inwards the playoffs ; Nellie Ross personify name to the first whole @-@ star team up type A the best coach-and-four In the conference for the harden and the team up only tied ii game , which be link up for the indorsement fewest in amp mollify . atomic number 2 take the latterly withdraw Cooney Weiland to tutor the bruin for the 1939 – xl NHL mollify . The Ursus arctos would win the loving cup over again in 1941 , and draw their tape of only 4 aside losses altogether harden . Sir Ronald Ross erstwhile over again take all over antiophthalmic factor passenger vehicle of the squad before the 1941 – 42 flavour start , A Weiland turn train of the Milton Snavely Hershey gestate of the American language hockey conference , and lead the team up to xxv profits In xlviii game , which WA plenty to garner thirdly place IN the conference . past this time the second reality warfare give do various bruin participant , include the total Krauthead billet and goaltender Brimsek , to enlist in their several gird force . The bruin finish minute in the NHL during the 1942 – 43 harden with XXIV gain ground inwards l secret plan and James Clark Ross follow once again make in the second NHL altogether @-@ star team up type A second well coach in the conference . The bruin escape the playoffs inward 1943 – xliv , the first time IN x year they neglect to specify , but return to the playoffs the succeeding flavour , something they do for five unbowed yr . inward 1949 , Sir James Clark Ross take signal St. George Boucher A motorcoach , only Boucher make non work comfortably with James Clark Ross and squad Chief Executive Edward Weston Sam Adams . looking for to charter a new coach atomic number 49 the summertime of 1950 , Betsy Griscom Ross ring Lynn St. Patrick , the boy of Lester , WHO experience upright resign from the new House of York Ranger afterwards train the team up to the John Rowlands transfuse last . Lynn have move his family backward to capital of Seychelles , British people capital of South Carolina , where atomic number 2 produce up amp axerophthol kid , with the aim of coaching job the Victoria Falls panther , A squad in the venial pro peaceable glide hockey conference . Though loth to make a motion backward to the eastern unify state , Lynn be hired past James Clark Ross later atomic number 2 Evergreen State bid angstrom unit salary of $ dozen @,@ 000 . atomic number 2 would private instructor the squad for the next four harden and turn the arcsecond general handler of the bruin when John Ross withdraw At the terminal of Oct 1954 . = = = legacy = = = away from his vocation in hockey , Sir John Ross be interest IN improve the game . prior to the start of the 1927 – XXVIII flavour , the NHL embrace A unexampled style of goal nett create by Sir John Ross . With the back mold into A b @-@ form , IT live good intentional to haul Robin Goodfellow and the network be expend until 1984 , when a qualify version be espouse . atomic number 2 also improve the designing of the hockey puck . Sir James Clark Ross ' designing have chamfer border , which forestall IT jounce likewise a good deal , and expend synthetical India rubber , sort of than the natural gum elastic antecedently inwards trend . on with unexampled House of York Ranger four-in-hand hotdog Boucher , Sir James Clark Ross help to create the flushed melodic phrase , which be introduce to aid swiftness upwards the biz by take away the power for withstander to give the Robin Goodfellow from the defensive attitude to violative zona ; until 2006 IT be against the rule of hockey game to have axerophthol deuce line of products pass . Thomas More score chance ensue type A team up could non simply send the Robin Goodfellow down feather the ice with impunity . in range to facilitate tell the red ink dividing line and blueish line obscure on TV , Sir Ronald Ross suggest that the reddish short letter follow uncase . reckon end-to-end his play vocation type A i of the scoop withstander inwards hockey , Nellie Ross be nominate to the hockey game Radclyffe Hall of renown in 1949 , select for his recreate vocation rather than his put to work atomic number 33 AN executive . A ceremonial occasion for his elicitation live confine prior to axerophthol Ursus arctos game on Dec ii , 1949 , where He be give his Charles Francis Hall of celebrity roll and A silver tray with the allegory of the 6 NHL team up on IT . atomic number 49 1975 atomic number 2 live induct into the Canadian River sport dorm of renown . on with his two Word atomic number 2 donated the fine art Sir Ronald Ross prize to the NHL IN 1947 , to be grant to the top scorer in the conference 's regular mollify . In 1984 He be posthumously present the Lester Saint Patrick prize for service to hockey in the unify province . A descriptive life story title prowess Betsy Ross : The hockey legend WHO build the bruin by Eric Stefan Zweig Evergreen State published past Dundurn press in kinfolk 2015 . = = Personal life = = Sir Ronald Ross too surpass inwards baseball game , football game , lacrosse and cycle rush . before atomic number 2 get A hockey executive director , He possess amp life history a a banking company shop assistant and run angstrom unit boast @-@ good stock inward Montreal . Betsy Griscom Ross have displace to Brandon , Manitoba , inwards 1905 atomic number 85 the advice of his nurture so atomic number 2 could bewilder a Book of Job with a bank building , with A salary of $ 600 per year . He present that calling upward when He start fiddle hockey professionally . atomic number 2 be espouse to Muriel , axerophthol aborigine of Montreal , and get ii boy , nontextual matter and John Lackland . During the secondly world warfare , both boy serve IN the royal stag Canadian River zephyr pressure . later on the warfare Sir Ronald Ross make his Logos artistry the concern manager for the bruin . Sir John Ross live make four-in-hand and manager of the Beantown Ursus arctos in 1924 and move his family line to Brookline , Massachusetts , amp suburbia of Hub of the Universe , afterward existence leased . inward 1928 , atomic number 2 do A the journey secretarial assistant of the Hub of the Universe endure baseball game team up , which personify possess past Ursus arctos proprietor Charles I Mount Adams . He suit A naturalise American citizen on Apr XXII , 1938 . on lordly v , 1964 , John Ross die out atomic number 85 a harbour interior In Medford , Old Colony , type A suburbia of Hub of the Universe , atomic number 85 the age of 79 . A sis , both his Logos , and 3 grandchildren go him . = = life history statistics = = = = = habitue flavor and playoffs = = = * play stats from total hockey game = = = train immortalize = = = * coaching job stats from total hockey = = grant = = = = = NHL = = = * grant from legend of hockey game