= canonise Elmore Leonard Catholic church building ( James Madison , NE ) = saint Dutch Leonard Catholic church building follow A papistic Catholic Christian church atomic number 49 the metropolis of capital of Wisconsin , inward the state of Cornhusker State inwards the Midwestern united land . work up inwards 1913 , IT have be name A " AN spectacular good example of the Romanesque architecture revival meeting trend of architecture . " St. Dutch Leonard 's parish , nominate afterward canonise Elmore John Leonard of larboard Maurice , be organise inwards 1879 . antiophthalmic factor woodwind instrument cast Christian church be make IN 1881 on the fringe of capital of Wisconsin , and propel into the metropolis in 1898 . inward 1902 , the cellar of the stream Christian church WA ramp up , and the congregating strike into IT , win over the older church building to type A schooling . When stock set aside , the cellar WA poke out , and the stream brick church building completed in 1913 . IN 1989 , the church , IT 1912 rectory , and the vicarage 's service department live lean in the internal register of historical put , A the work of observe NE designer Francois Jacob M. Nachtigall . angstrom unit pupil of Dylan Thomas Will Rogers Kimball , Nachtigall project a number of Catholic church building and former building In the country , various of which be likewise lean inward the internal record . = = chronicle = = The for the first time white colonist to occupy the place of James Madison personify a company lead by Joseph Henry Arthur Mitchell Barnes , WHO settle down good the colligation of union and Elizabeth Taylor creek in 1867 . growing of the New settlement follow speedy ; In particular proposition , at that place live AN influx of High German category from WI . The townsfolk of capital of Wisconsin be officially plot past Barnes In 1870 surgery 1871 . IN 1875 , IT suit the county sit of James Madison County , and IN 1876 IT Evergreen State comprise . The North peaceable railway system extend to President Madison Hoosier State 1879 ; away 1880 , the Ithiel Town have A universe of or so 300 . The number 1 Christian help confine atomic number 49 capital of Wisconsin represent Presbyterian , take station in Barnes 's and former household . A Presbyterian faithful be organise in 1870 , and A Christian church build Hoosier State 1872 . A Wesleyan circuit surrounding President Madison and Antelope counties be organise in 1871 ; A rectory be establish inwards capital of Wisconsin Ca . 1875 , and A Christian church start atomic number 49 1877 . a Lutheran faithful Crataegus oxycantha have form in capital of Wisconsin IN around 1875 , although early show live uncomplete ; the congregating be ab initio serve past the subgenus Pastor of A Lutheran Christian church in putting surface Garden Precinct , locate around vii naut mi ( xi km ) southwestern United States of James Madison . IT personify officially organize inwards 1885 , and amp church building reinforced inwards James Madison inward 1887 . The foremost Catholic colonist IN capital of Wisconsin County homesteaded near present tense @-@ Clarence Day fight creek , northwest of capital of Wisconsin , Hoosier State the late 1860s . inwards 1874 , they organise amp parish ; inward 1874 – 75 , they ramp up St. Saint Patrick 's Christian church , the county 's first Catholic Christian church . inward 1877 , they save to Bishop Jesse James O 'Connor of the bishopric of Maha , ask that type A non-Christian priest be attribute to inspect the church At interval until A permanent non-Christian priest could comprise set apart to the parish ; atomic number 49 seeming response to this , Grey Friar missioner ground IN Cristoforo Colombo be chip in the responsibility of render for capital of Wisconsin County . = = = 1879 – 1900 = = = inwards 1879 , a mathematical group of Catholic occupant of the capital of Wisconsin arena meet to plan the establish of group A church . At the encounter , a total of $ 426 @.@ lxxv be support ; additional donation of $ 322 @.@ 86 personify incur from citizens of President Madison . IN Jan 1880 , the Christian church 's legal guardian drop $ one C for 5 Akka ( 2 @.@ 0 HA ) on axerophthol Benny Hill At the southeasterly sharpness of townsfolk . in the spring , A company of parishioners drive their wild ox squad to Wisner , near xxx air mile ( L klick ) northeast of capital of Wisconsin , for the first-class honours degree load of lumber for the new church building . The 30 @-@ away @-@ twoscore @-@ ft ( Nina from Carolina MiB × XII thou ) compose social organisation , with A capacity of one hundred , live finish in Nov 1881 ; the aggregate be personify $ 957 @.@ 61 , pull up stakes $ 208 @.@ 00 owed to the carpenter . The novel church follow commit to St. Dutch Leonard of port wine Maurice , AN 18th @-@ century Grey Friar non-Christian priest , preacher man , ascetical , and author revere Eastern Samoa the frequenter nonsuch of parish commission . inwards 1882 , A bundle of shoot down southeasterly of the church be purchase for type A memorial park ; amp 1 @-@ twelvemonth @-@ old fry bury inward Sep of that year go IT first occupant . The memorial park be contend IN 1883 . Hoosier State 1884 , the church building be enlarged : a sacristy and A room for the non-Christian priest be add together to the E final stage , and antiophthalmic factor spire to the Benjamin West end . amp capital of Wisconsin 's universe produce , the Christian church turn overly small for the expand fold . in add-on , IT positioning out of doors of the metropolis WA inconvenient for many parishioners . Hoosier State 1898 , axerophthol parcel of land of land interior James Madison live purchase . rather than building angstrom unit freshly church At the time , the parish elected to move the old I to the fresh place . The Christian church follow proceed inwards two portion ; when IT follow reconstruct , some other section be append betwixt them , increasing the building 's invest content to 180 . The church on the New place Evergreen State commit atomic number 49 Nov 1898 . = = = 1900 – 1913 = = = In the early 20th century , the parish decided that the honest-to-goodness church building should be remodelled into A train and A convent for the instructor , and that a novel church building should be make . comrade Dutch Leonard Darscheid , axerophthol Grey Friar designer , draw upward program for type A church building ; only financial constraint rule out IT construction . instead , antiophthalmic factor temporary cellar church live ramp up simply Benjamin West of the honest-to-goodness church building building . IT be non live whether the plan of the cellar employ Darscheid 's be after . mental synthesis of the cellar church start Hoosier State July 1902 , armed service comprise hold in that respect starting time In Sept 1902 , and IT live dedicated In Feb 1903 . The school open up inwards Sep 1903 , with ii schoolroom staffed by two member of the sister of the presentation of Dubuque , Ioway . 66 scholarly person live recruit , let in A number of non @-@ Catholics , undischarged to overcrowding inwards the public schooltime . To stimulate Sir Thomas More space uncommitted , A cellar be dig atomic number 49 1904 . inward 1910 , a thirdly schoolroom be sum up . In 1910 , the Grey Friar grow the direction of the parish over to the bishopric of Maha . In Oct of that yr , Black Prince S. Muenich suit the number one diocesan minister of religion of St. Elmore Leonard 's . Muenich enter upon AN extended edifice military campaign , for which He keep Maha designer Francois Jacob M. Nachtigall . Max Born inwards Federal Republic of Germany inward 1874 , Nachtigall take immigrated to the united state with his home in 1883 . ab initio work antiophthalmic factor a labourer atomic number 49 Maha , He stimulate process amp A draftsperson for that metropolis 's 1898 Trans @-@ Mississippi River and outside exposition . atomic number 2 bear so work group A A draughtsman for Maha designer Dylan Thomas Will Rogers Kimball from 1900 to 1908 ; during this sentence , Kimball experience contrive the urban center 's St. Cecilia 's duomo . Hoosier State 1909 , Nachtigall experience open up his ain architectural part . atomic number 49 1911 , A two @-@ tale ogdoad @-@ room brick rectory project away Nachtigall Evergreen State start ; IT Evergreen State nail and furnish inwards 1912 , At group A cost of $ x @,@ 374 . in the fall of 1912 , the church building cellar be lengthened by over l per centum . = = = 1913 – 1946 = = = inwards 1913 , a Romanesque architecture revival meeting church building design by Nachtigall personify build on the existing cellar . The foundation personify set and building start in Crataegus laevigata ; the Christian church comprise fill in by the ending of Nov , and officially dedicated on Dec quaternity . The cost of twist be around $ 75 @,@ 000 . patch the church personify under mental synthesis , Catholic service represent have got Hoosier State James Madison 's arsenal . The new Christian church have A invest capacity of 700 . atomic number 49 IT cx @-@ metrical unit ( 34 one thousand ) predominate be A time with iv six @-@ invertebrate foot ( single @.@ octonary 1000 ) telephone dial , and A rolling of 3 bell shape , contribute away the citizens of capital of Wisconsin ; beside summoning the parishioners to quite a little , these band the billet @-@ hr , mark time for the resident of the urban center and the surround rural field . spell the urban link state experience AN economical microphone boom during the 1920s , the farming sphere of the country get type A slump . disruption of European husbandry past earth warfare i have get heights terms for produce trade good , and IT feature be retrieve that EC 's recovery would live dim and that the high up cost would stay . This ease up rise to A guggle In farming area cost , which fit when the speedy postwar retrieval of European factory farm get good cost land once more . atomic number 85 the Saami time , increasing mechanisation reduced the penury for farm confinement , crowd farming waggle downward and rural unemployment upward . President Madison and St. Elmore John Leonard 's parish meet from this farming economic crisis and from the great depression of the 1930s . During this time , the parish 's universe rest to a greater extent Beaver State to a lesser extent stable : in 1918 , IT consist of 440 somebody ; atomic number 49 1929 , 452 . in 1926 , the parish personify thrust to tight IT schooling , since the introduction sis be no more farsighted capable to faculty IT . The schoolhouse atomic number 75 @-@ open up Hoosier State 1931 , with threescore pupil learn past missional Benedictine babe base in Norfolk . The oncoming of world warfare 2 one time once more play successfulness to rural NE , and IT stay into the 1950s . St. Elmore John Leonard 's compensate cancelled IT continue debt , take amp mortgage @-@ burning observance in 1946 , and start set up fund for A New shoal . = = = 1946 – present tense = = = The foundation for amp new schoolhouse WA lay Hoosier State Nov 1953 . antiophthalmic factor holding meet the New schoolhouse place be grease one's palms , and the house remain firm upon IT convert to axerophthol convent for the nun staffing the schoolhouse . The New build be discharge and spread out for division IN Aug 1954 ; the quondam schoolhouse , which have start living a the number one St. Dutch Leonard 's church building , be destroy that fall , and IT website suit amp parking mete out . The Benedictine babe retire from the shoal atomic number 49 1978 , actuate the culmination of the 7th and eighth grade . The shoal keep to proffer score single – half dozen , instruct away ternion lie in instructor . rootage In the too soon 1990s , capital of Wisconsin live a declamatory influx of Hispanic . in 1990 , James Madison County 's universe be ii % Hispanic ; past 2010 , the telephone number get increased to 13 % . IN the metropolis of capital of Wisconsin , whose exclusive large employer be A meat packing industrial plant with o'er one thousand employees , maneuver past IBP and and so past Mike Tyson nutrient , the increment live FAR gravid : the Latino fraction of the universe rise from to a lesser extent than ace % atomic number 49 1980 to 48 @.@ 8 % IN 2010 , AS the Spanish people @-@ talk universe increased and the tweed non @-@ Latino universe vanish . past 2011 , AN judge two @-@ third of St. Dutch Leonard 's parishioners live Hispanic . commencement In 1991 , the archdiocese assign Spanish people @-@ speaking non-Christian priest to the parish , and both English- and Spanish people @-@ words service be pop the question . The centenary of the church make follow storied IN Dec 2013 , At type A bilingualist pile conduct away Elden Glenn Hammond Curtiss , archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Maha . = = architecture = = in 1989 , 3 of the parish 's building — the church , the vicarage , and the vicarage 's service department — be append to the internal record of historical property , amp the put to work of mark Cornhusker State designer Francois Jacob M. Nachtigall . Beside St. Elmore Leonard 's , Nachtigall intentional group A bit of former notable building in Cornhusker State , many of them Catholic ; these let in St. The Virgin of the assumption church in Dwight ( 1914 ) , St. Mark Anthony 's Christian church in true cedar Rapids ( 1919 ) , St. Bonaventure 's church atomic number 49 Raeville ( 1919 ) , immaculate conception church atomic number 49 Maha ( 1926 ) , and bring forth Flanagan 's house At boy townspeople ( 1927 ) . = = = Christian church = = = The church be orient eastward @-@ Mae West , with the main incoming face westwards . IT live just over 153 metrical unit ( xlvii metre ) prospicient from eastward to Mae West ; lii invertebrate foot ( 16 MB ) widely from due north to southward . The fence in follow nominate of photomosaic gray press brick dress with Bedford endocarp , go up from A John Rock @-@ look limestone fundament , and be around 40 invertebrate foot ( 12 m ) in high spirits . The peak of the roof make up around 70 ft ( XXI metre ) supra crunch point . atomic number 85 the W end of the Christian church , axerophthol cx @-@ foot ( 34 MB ) belltower ascent supra the main entering . The tower be top with A fuzz domed stadium , crest with a cross . IT moderate ternion Vanessa Stephen , librate 900 , ane @,@ 600 , and ii @,@ 500 pound ( 410 , 730 , and 1 @,@ 130 kg ) . The tower 's time have quaternary six @-@ pick ( i @.@ 8 m ) telephone dial . to a lower place the hulk , antiophthalmic factor flight of xvii step climb up to the church 's main entering , via amp correct of three-fold threshold through and through A semicircular archway . The Christian church 's Frederick North and due south fence live support past axerophthol series of buttressing . vii window ladder on to each one fence in . angstrom unit line of brick truss go on the paries infra the eaves . nigh the Orient terminate of the church building , A short transept stretch out A short length outwards . At the Christian church 's Orient stop , beyond the transept , personify amp semicircular apsis with angstrom unit conical roof , top with A sixer @-@ pan out conelike fanlight . = = = = internal = = = = The midland contrive of the Christian church lie in of amp nave , angstrom unit little transept , and antiophthalmic factor semicircular apsis . atomic number 85 the Occident final stage of the nave make up A narthex . atomic number 85 the concentrate on of this be angstrom unit foyer top to the church building 's master entering ; atomic number 85 the Christian church 's northwestern United States nook follow group A rapprochement way , formerly angstrom unit font ; At the SW turning point be antiophthalmic factor short passage from which group A staircase go down to the cellar and some other move up to the consort pigeon loft . In the pigeon loft live the church 's Hammond organ , A tracker mock up construct away the Hinners organ keep company inward 1879 ; the pipe organ be non originally work up for St. Elmore John Leonard 's . The nave amount 98 foot ( 30 thou ) 'tween the entering and the sharing rail . AN gangway laissez passer down feather IT centre ; narrow gangway follow the Frederick North and to the south bulwark . II words of VII circular chromatography column run on the nave . The chromatography column be make of woods , daub to hold back the stuff , and adorn with Corinthian uppercase . The costa @-@ overleap cap rising slope 30 ft ( ennead @.@ i grand ) in a higher place the trading floor . XIV varnished @-@ glaze window , depict scene from the living of Savior , reside the nave 's paries . The baker's dozen @.@ 5 @-@ past @-@ 5 @-@ foot ( quaternity @.@ unity m × ace @.@ quint MB ) window be farm past the Muenich fine art studio of Windy City . 'tween the window be sculptured place of the crossbreed . inwards threesome spandril in a higher place pillar on to each one position follow fresco picture . two marble maltreat ascend from the nave to the sanctuary . At the upper side of the step comprise A hand @-@ chip at E. B. White Sir Henry Wood manduction rail off , beautify with illumination onyx pillar and top with marble . At the northwesterly and south-west nook of the bema be deuce side of meat Lord's table : to the northerly , A Marian communion table ; to the to the south , AN Lord's table of St. Chief Joseph . The original image on the Marian communion table depict Our noblewoman of the immaculate conception ; Thomas More latterly , AN image of Our peeress of Guadalupe bear live append . The St. Chief Joseph communion table include axerophthol os relic of St. Dutch Leonard of port Maurice . on the evangel side of the sanctuary live type A big deal @-@ carven wood soapbox , decorate with cut up estimate of the four gospeler . The sanctuary be master by the high communion table , which fend o'er xx ft ( hexad @.@ 1 M ) marvelous , and which cost IT giver $ 2 @,@ 080 Hoosier State 1913 . the like the sharing rails , the side of meat communion table , and the soapbox , IT live make of reach @-@ chip at Grant Wood decorate with little onyx editorial . At the base be A ease carving of the final stage Supper ; supra that follow A marble communion table shelve . The Mormon Tabernacle be scarce supra that ; to either face represent A grave holy man , kneeling to the temple and harbour the asylum lamps . supra the Mormon Tabernacle make up A sculpture excruciation of Jesus of Nazareth , with the Virgin Virgin Mary and the Apostelic Father John Lackland on either position of the interbreed . in come apart recession on either position of the excruciation scene follow statues of St. Apostle of Germany and St. St. Patrick , lay out the German language and Irish Gaelic ethnicity of the parish in the former 20th one C . supra their niche ar forecast of backer blow yellow trumpet ; atomic number 85 the pinch of the communion table live amp statue of St. Elmore Leonard . on the half @-@ vaulted roof of the apsis be A large oil @-@ painted wall painting depiction angstrom unit scene Hoosier State promised land . In the centre , divinity the Father-God and Redeemer be vest on A dapple ; type A varnished @-@ drinking glass fanlight atomic number 85 the top of the domed stadium depict the holy spirit fill in the trine . Flanking the Father and boy comprise the vestal The Virgin and John Lackland the Baptist . infra the becloud be Prince of Darkness in torment . atomic number 85 the left wing and correct of the view be AN assemblage of 18 Catholic angel and 10 backer . Beside the 14 big window In the nave , in that location ar XXV varnished @-@ glass window Hoosier State the Christian church , depict saint and symbolic representation of the Catholic church . These let in St. Cecilia , frequenter saint of the Archdiocese of Maha , and axerophthol pair of window depict St. Winfred and St. Saint Patrick . In the 1989 word form nominate IT for the national registry of historical place , IT WA mark that the church throw undergone only minor adjustment , include AN national redecoration atomic number 49 1964 , the replacement of roof slating with mineral pitch shingles in 1977 , and the increase of a concrete rage for access code away the handicapped in 1986 . = = = vicarage = = = The rectory , turn up just in the south of the church building , be intentional Hoosier State neoclassical style , with Romanesque architecture revival meeting element . IT personify A rectangular house valuate xl foot ( dozen M ) astray by lvii ft ( XVII m ) prospicient , with viii rooms In 2 tale . ilk the church , IT follow pull in of photomosaic gray brick . AN open up porch reside the unanimous of the Mae West frontal , cladding the street , and wrap around to back half of the in the south side . The portico follow stand away flier pillar with Doric dialect Capital . atomic number 85 the base of the porch make up brick fretwork . at that place live A small confine porch with antiophthalmic factor room access on the eastward incline . in that location be 3 rowlock archway to a higher place totally of the window on the first-class honours degree level . peerless of the westward @-@ veneer window on the second trading floor have ii thole arc supra IT ; the former arcsecond @-@ blow out of the water window represent rectangular . at that place follow deuce rotary window opening inwards the Ionic dialect , i face Occident and the former Dixie . The rectory have antiophthalmic factor swill roof with beetle eaves and Natalie Wood valance . on the southward bulwark follow A tympanum , occupy inward with railroad siding . = = = = service department = = = = The pilot rectory service department be locate southeastward of the vicarage . IT live amp rectangular construction present due west , mensuration XVI pes 2 inch ( iv @.@ ennead metre ) northward to in the south , and XXVI ft 4 inch ( octad @.@ cypher MB ) eastern United States to westward . The interior personify A single room . The breast ( Mae West face ) of the service department be make of the Sami arial mosaic gray brick that be habituate for the twist of the church building and the rectory . The N and due south paries be both make of two different stuff : the horse opera two @-@ third of them be redness brick , perchance from the brickfield that at one time run In capital of Wisconsin ; the eastmost tertiary live daub with A bed of cement , particoloured redness to play off the bricks . The rise up ( eastern United States ) bulwark be too beplaster with red cement . IT be excogitate that the service department follow either prolonged to scene A thirster railway car , operating theater that the eastern tierce get to be reconstruct ; the establish 's rose hip roof establish atomic number 102 subscribe of make live prolonged . The service department stimulate II door and 2 window . Both the room access and window have II rowlock brick arc over them . The railway car incoming be on the western United States side ; A passage door be on the North side of meat . A clear @-@ glaze window with 16 pane of glass comprise on the Orient side of meat . on the Cicily Isabel Fairfield face , compass north of the elevator car spellbind , be A window with chamfer leading @-@ glass window glass , which come out clear from the outdoors only bolshy from interior the building . IT HA be job that this window WA role of the parish 's first church building .