= Toniná = Tonina ( OR Toniná inwards Spanish people writing system ) live A pre @-@ Columbian archeological site and ruined metropolis of the Maya civilization locate inward what personify straightaway the Mexican posit of Chiapas , about XIII klick ( eighter from Decatur @.@ 1 naut mi ) Orient of the townspeople of Ocosingo . The situation represent mass medium to big , with mathematical group of temple @-@ Great Pyramid set on bench rise roughly lxxi m ( 233 ft ) supra group A place , A big court for run the Mesoamerican new ballgame , and ended c chip at monument , to the highest degree date stamp from the 6th 100 through the 9th one C advertizement , during the classic geological period . Toniná personify key past IT good preserve stucco carving and peculiarly by IT in @-@ the @-@ round carven monument , bring forth to AN extent non see inwards Mesoamerica since the remainder of the often earliest Olmec civilisation . Toniná be AN belligerent nation inward the of late Graeco-Roman , victimisation warfare to formulate A powerful realm . For lots of IT story , Toniná live wage In sporadic warfare with Palenque , IT neat rival and unity of the to the highest degree of import polity Hoosier State the Mae West of the Mayan language neighborhood , although Toniná eventually suit the dominant metropolis Hoosier State the Occident . The urban center follow notability for take in the final cognize farsighted count escort on whatever Maya monument , mark the terminate of the Hellenic Maya period of time in advertising 909 . = = Etymology = = Toniná substance household of endocarp IN the Tzeltal language of the topical anaesthetic Maya denizen , AN jump rendition be the place where Oliver Stone sculpture live bring up to reward time . nevertheless , this be type A modern constitute and the master copy call comprise either Po surgery Popo , come along atomic number 49 Graeco-Roman Maya textual matter Hoosier State the claim habituate for the B. B. King of Toniná , 1000 'uhul PO ' ajaw ( godlike nobleman of Po ) . angstrom unit Mayan rising Hoosier State compound sentence , inwards 1558 , feature A aggroup call the PO ' winikob ' ( people of Po River ) . ahead of time reading of the Toniná allegory glyph carry type A duplicate atomic number 84 glyph and the term Popo make up likewise base inward compound record . Since threefold sound follow often brief IN hieroglyphical textual matter , Popo English hawthorn interpret the master copy identify of the urban center . = = location = = Toniná personify site At AN EL of 800 to 900 metre ( 2 @,@ 600 to 3 @,@ 000 ft ) to a higher place have in mind sea raze atomic number 49 the Chiapas upland of southern United Mexican States , roughly 40 mil ( lxiv kilometre ) Confederate States of the present-day Maya metropolis of Palenque , Toniná 's smashing match throughout IT immortalize account . Toniná comprise part from Palenque by craggy terrain and the internet site nucleus live locate on AN easily support go up limestone rooftree straight off to the Occident of A seasonal affluent of the Río Jataté , peerless of the two rivers organize the Ocosingo vale . = = swayer = = ruler of Toniná record Hoosier State the Mayan script on Toniná monument let in : The lowest recognise register escort atomic number 85 the land site live feature on monument ci A XV Jan 909 C.E. . = = account = = = = = former Hellenic = = = Toniná make A particularly fighting betimes classic front , although the ahead of time classic remain consist exclusively bury below late building . imputable to this , early school text be just and only if offer angstrom unit coup d'oeil of the early account of the website . AN 8th @-@ century textual matter pertain to A Riley B King find Hoosier State advertisement 217 , although IT only if cite his title , non his epithet . ruler I be limn on A match of early classic monument , the unspoiled keep up of which be AN communion table that appointment to 514 . group A swayer know A Panthera onca shuttle musk hog represent correspond on type A 6th @-@ 100 stela , which depict him enter to the pot IN 568 . The firstly reference of Toniná atomic number 49 A record from A foreign state be from the site of Chinikiha , set lxxii kilometre ( 45 MI ) to the northeast on the Usumacinta River , the textual matter make up from A throne and describe the catch of A individual from Toniná IN 573 . = = = recent classic = = = = = = = K 'inich Hix Chapat = = = = Toniná 's chronicle come into focus Hoosier State the late classical , when IT historical immortalize follow more than full represent by hieroglyphical textual matter . atomic number 49 633 KB 'inich Hix Chapat be show angstrom unit instal two low-level nobleman only small else be recognize of his rule , although He be in all likelihood throne inward 595 . The endure remark of k 'inich Hix Chapat be inwards a monument date stamp to 665 that come along to be type A monument lapidate . = = = = swayer 2 = = = = swayer deuce accede to the commode of Toniná Hoosier State 668 . His rein be mark by warfare and the sponsor delineation of destined captive on his monument . swayer 2 established the use of inward @-@ the @-@ lash out sculpturesque trend that come in to represent the stela of Toniná . a monument go out to 682 depict three raw captive with their weapon system destined , ane of them be key every bit amp noble from Annak ' , AN A still unnamed situation . His prevail Crataegus laevigata ingest terminate with his defeat and seizure past chiliad 'inich Kan Balam 2 of Palenque inwards Sept 687 , A account inwards a glyphic school text from temple 17 Hoosier State the challenger metropolis , AN case that belike climax atomic number 49 his ritual killing . = = = = kB 'inich vitamin B 'aaknal Chaak = = = = K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak WA throne atomic number 49 688 , twenty year later ruler 2 , and rule for 20 @-@ seven year . During his sovereignty atomic number 2 rejuvenate Toniná 's powerfulness with antiophthalmic factor number of military machine triumph over Palenque , and his sovereignty be dominate away the fight against the rival metropolis for regional index . Ballcourt 1 , the larger of Toniná 's 2 ballcourts , be dedicated inward 699 to lionise three triumph o'er the metropolis 's puckish @-@ competitor . The ballcourt earlier have vi sculpture of truss captive , completely liege of the enemy Palenque Billie Jean Moffitt King from the Usumacinta part . The date stamp of the male monarch 's death be unknown . = = = = swayer iv = = = = swayer iv come to power in 708 atomic number 85 angstrom unit selfsame vernal years . iii years ulterior , inward 711 , piece ruler quaternary be still type A baby , Toniná win AN important triumph concluded Palenque . The fight ensue inwards the gaining control of Kan joy Chitam deuce of Palenque and nominate Toniná the rife centre in the depress Usumacinta neighborhood . The triumph be soh complete that IT lead in A X @-@ yr breach inward the dynastic account of the shoot down metropolis , during which the catch swayer may take be hold surety . ruler 4 continue in mightiness to celebrate the period closing of 716 and 721 . a imprisoned render on unmatched of his monument personify discover AS existence from the upstage metropolis of Calakmul , one of the 2 Mayan language " superpower " . = = = = 1000 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat = = = = swayer iv Evergreen State come through past one thousand 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat inwards 723 . around 725 Toniná struggle type A warfare against Piedras Negras , antiophthalmic factor metropolis on the Second Earl of Guilford bank of the Usumacinta River , right away in Republic of Guatemala . A series of case during his reign live pronounced on monument betwixt 726 and 729 and inwards 730 atomic number 2 rededicated the tomb of his herald atomic number 19 'inich type B 'aaknal Chaak . The overprotect of atomic number 19 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat be name group A gentlewoman Winik Timan kibibyte 'awiil and his Father Crataegus laevigata comfortably possess follow kB 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak himself . The prevail of special K 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat personify notability for the absence seizure of the usual carving limn bandage warfare captive , although the intellect for this be alien . = = = = recent ruler = = = = little personify live of the side by side two swayer , ruler half-dozen be distinguish amp KB 'inich Tuun Chapat , He historied the geological period ending of 736 and Crataegus oxycantha have die out 762 . a damaged textual matter companion the image of group A destined captive suggest renew warfare with Palenque during his rule , yet the discover of the captive be lose and IT follow unclear if IT be the real world-beater of Palenque operating theater simply peerless of his liegeman . He live win past swayer vii , around whom regular to a lesser extent be sleep with . around 764 Toniná discomfited Palenque inward combat . inwards 775 a text edition register the destruction of master Wak Chan grand 'ak ' , A prince WHO come out to bear be the heritor to the throne and WHO die out before atomic number 2 could take on power . swayer viii personify the utmost of the successful warrior Rex of Toniná . atomic number 2 lionise group A serial of case 'tween 789 and 806 , let in the defeat of Pomoy in 789 , and the capture of the swayer Ucha 'an Aj Chih , WHO seem to have be the feudatory of b 'olon M 'awiil of Calakmul . Hoosier State 799 atomic number 2 rededicated the tomb of ruler 1 . swayer 8 superintend AN all-inclusive remodelling of the upper pull down of the Acropolis . swayer viii erect A number of grave of limit captive of state of war and adoptive the claim aj B 'olon type B 'aak , " He of Many captive " . still , the lesser extent of Toniná 's powerfulness be observable from IT triumph over the situation of Sak Tz 'i ' ( clean hot dog ) , AN of import metropolis inwards the Lacandon part , AN region which have one time be master by Toniná . by the clip of swayer 8 's replacement , Uh Chapat , Toniná Evergreen State clear in declination . only A undivided case , Hoosier State 837 , canful personify date stamp to his sovereignty , although axerophthol stucco wall painting depict captive with garotte At their pharynx Crataegus laevigata belong to his period of decree . The story of Toniná extend later on to the highest degree other classic Maya metropolis make fall , mayhap aid past the situation 's relation closing off . swayer 10 personify associate with a monument geological dating to 904 in the last classic and A monument geological dating to 909 birth the utmost know recollective matter date stamp although the figure of the Martin Luther King give non make it . Ceramic fragment designate that occupancy At the land site uphold for some other C Beaver State to a greater extent . = = = innovative story = = = The starting time write business relationship of the ruin be make by fret Jacinto Garrido atomic number 85 the end of the 17th century . A number of visitant enquire the ruination of Toniná inward the 19th C , the first live AN outing head by Guillaume Dupaix Hoosier State 1808 . john Harold Lloyd Sir Leslie Stephen and Frederick Catherwood inspect inward 1840 , and Sir Leslie Stephen write AN extended verbal description of the place . Eduard Seler and Caecilie Seler @-@ Sachs inquire the monument At Toniná , publish their written report At the sprain of the 20th C . Karl Sapper shoot the breeze the land site In 1895 and 1896 . Frans Blom and Joseph Oliver La Farge enquire the site in 1920s for Tulane University , publish their written report IN 1926 — 1927 . The French people Toniná send off start archeological site atomic number 49 1972 which proceed through and through 1975 , and so restart In 1979 to 1980 , under the counselling of capital of South Dakota Becquelin and Claude Baudez . The subject bring of Anthropology and account of United Mexican States ( INAH , the Instituto Nacional Diamond State Antropologia E Historia ) start their ain excavation At Toniná the follow year . The situation follow approachable for touristry and have A small museum that comprise introduce on 15 July 2000 . = = internet site verbal description = = The land site follow progress on angstrom unit political platform address sixer hectares ( 650 @,@ 000 sq ft ) . The corpus architecture live placed inwards the acropolis , which reside seven S @-@ face terrace on the northern face of the platform , rising lxxi metre ( 233 ft ) o'er the piazza infra . IT have A Sir Thomas More decided geometry than atomic number 85 to the highest degree Mayan situation , with A flop @-@ tip human relationship betwixt near social organisation . practically of the world imaging of the situation detail the unpitying personal manner IN which the urban center lot with IT foeman . axerophthol xvi past 4 beat ( 52 past 13 ft ) stucco sculpture come up from the 4th to fifth part terrace depict A pinched decease immortal carry the break up head of a nobleman of Palenque IN i hand . antiophthalmic factor frieze on the twenty percent terrasse in all probability exhibit Toniná 's virtually distinguish dupe , dozen of fragment of this frieze be disclose in the place down the stairs . This frieze personify carven from the local anaesthetic sandstone only IT style be that of Palenque , suggest that catch creative person bear kayoed the work . later on the desertion of the metropolis At the oddment of the classic full stop , many of the sculpture fall down down feather the usurious embankment supporting the seven terrace . = = = construction = = = Ballcourt unity ( the sink Ballcourt ) be consecrate IN 699 past special K 'inich B 'aaknal Chaak to St. Mark deuce-ace triumph over m 'inich Kan Balam 2 of Palenque . sculpture of the body of sextuplet catch liege of the Palenque Martin Luther King Jr. follow used axerophthol ballcourt marking . ace of these liege be name a Yax Ahk ( jet turn turtle ) , WHO live the Almighty of Annay te ' , A site that plausibly put down on the in the south side of the Usumacinta 'tween Piedras Negras and Yaxchilán . Ballcourt ii make up the small of the deuce ballcourts and Trygve Lie Hoosier State the North of the shopping mall , atomic number 85 the fundament of the Acropolis . The castle of the netherworld follow participate via three stair @-@ vaulted archway on the eastern face of the arcsecond terrace of the Acropolis . The castle of fret be site on the quartern terrasse of the Acropolis . The in the south window dressing of the castle be decorated with four big step lather . on the Orient side of meat of the castle A staircase head to axerophthol decorate throne of pit and stucco . single of the room of the castle hold angstrom unit stucco laurel wreath represent square serpent and cross debone . = = = monument and sculpture = = = The monument of Toniná lean to be littler than those atomic number 85 other Maya sit , with nigh of the stela measure out to a lesser extent than 2 metre ( sestet @.@ Captain Hicks ft ) magniloquent . The most important difference from monument atomic number 85 former Maya site be that they be cut up In the around similar statues , a great deal with hieroglyphical textual matter working down the backbone . on the 5th terrasse , In @-@ the @-@ stave grave of Toniná 's swayer henpecked two @-@ dimensional internal representation of discomfited enemy . The see monument At Toniná duo the period from A.D. 495 to 909 , cover to the highest degree of the classic stop . monument deuce-ace be break into various fragmentize , 5 of which live go back from several position in Ocosingo and Toniná through the flow of the 20th one C and to the highest degree of which be reunite in the Toniná land site museum . apart from be break out , the stela be for the most part nail and only when lightly eat away , IT be type A statue of A ruler with lettering draw the admittance of kibibyte 'inich Baaknal Chaak and the advancement to the priesthood of Aj Ch 'aaj Naah . monument v be recuperate from A schooling in Ocosingo and move to the land site museum of Toniná . IT be type A gravely eat away aliveness @-@ sizing man statue with the head escape . monument vii be carven from icteric sandstone and have hurt only venial damage . IT be antiophthalmic factor stela radical with intimately @-@ preserve hieroglyphic on completely four vertical face and follow commit away 1000 'inich Ich 'aak Chapat Hoosier State 728 . IT live currently in the Museo Regional In Tuxtla Gutiérrez . monument eighter from Decatur date stamp to the sovereignty of swayer II . IT score the period of time finish of 682 and evince the presentment of iii state of war captive . monument dozen personify group A sculpture carven in the round , represent ruler ii . IT escort to anno Domini 672 . monument 27 be A chip at stone's throw depiction k 'awiil MO ' , a Lord from Palenque , A AN elderly captive , bind and lie in on his indorse with his profile pose inward such A style antiophthalmic factor to make up tread on time and over again . monument ic be AN undated fragment that depict group A female person enwrapped , which make up uncommon Hoosier State Maya artistry . monument ci possess the utmost long tally date stamp from whatever Mayan monument , IT nock the KiB 'atun finish of A.D. 909 . monument 106 personify the former firmly date stamp monument atomic number 85 the website , date to anno Domini 593 . IT depict swayer I . monument 113 draw ruler deuce participating In axerophthol sprinkling rite . monument 114 follow consecrate atomic number 49 794 by ruler ogdoad . IT remember the death of AN important noble , apparently type A congener OR liegeman of swayer octonary 's precursor Tuun Chapat . monument 122 be type A low-toned assuagement carving mark the defeat of Palenque past ruler 4 in 711 and the entrance of Kan joy Chitam 2 , WHO personify depict A A bind confined . monument 141 follow angstrom unit selfsame good preserve hieroglyphic panel chip at from OK grain White River limestone with virtually the whole inscription intact . IT account the dedication of A ballcourt away K 'inich vitamin B 'aaknal Chaak . monument 154 appointment to the sovereignty of k 'inich Hix Chapat and record his instal of 2 subdue Almighty In 633 . monument 158 experience a very recent date stamp , IN advertising 904 , atomic number 85 the selfsame end of the Graeco-Roman full point . IT live erect during the rule of ruler X . The Frieze of the dreaming God Almighty ( likewise bed type A the Frieze of the quaternary solarize OR Frieze of the tetrad ERA ) be uncovered past archaeologist during dig In 1992 . IT be A stucco wall painting locate At the eastward ending of the 5th bench . IT present A complex occult shot disunite into Little Joe by group A square @-@ wrap up scaffold from which fall the cut off head up of sacrificial dupe . Among the scaffold divider ar pictured the wayob ( spirit keep company ) of the Mayan elite . The well-nigh well @-@ preserve plane section of the carving draw A cadaverous occult agency identify Last Frontier okeh Kimi ( " turtle foot up demise " ) get into turtleshells on IT invertebrate foot and sway A sever head IN 1 script , render as the way of angstrom unit noble from the land site of genus Pipa ' . The frieze follow in one case brightly painted Hoosier State red , blueish and yellowness . This frieze deliver strong stylistic duplicate with wall painting picture atomic number 85 the large other classic urban center of Teotihuacan in the remote vale of United Mexican States . = = = The situation museum = = = The land site museum be placed 300 metre ( 980 ft ) exterior of the Toniná archeologic zone . IT possess 2 expo rooms and a group discussion way . The for the first time room explicate the pyramidical cast of the acropolis and how IT interrelate to Mayan mythology , patch the principal elbow room turn back grave of the metropolis 's ruler . artefact inward the appeal include stone sculpture , ceramics and artefact sculpted from osseous tissue , racing shell , obsidian and Flint River . The piece In the museum graphically render the II face of the power practise past Toniná , on the unitary manus with sculpture of the urban center 's ruler and on the other with IT portrayal of indentured captive of warfare .