= Sarnia = Sarnia represent A metropolis atomic number 49 southwesterly Ontario , Canada , and cause A 2011 universe of lxxii @,@ 366 . IT live the large metropolis on Lake Huron and In Lambton County . Sarnia be locate on the eastern coin bank of the juncture betwixt the upper and low-toned not bad Lakes where Lake Huron flow into the St. Clair River , which form the Canada @-@ link up tell border , flat crossways from port wine Huron , Michigan . The urban center 's cancel shield first draw in the French people adventurer lah Salle , WHO key the land site " The Rapids " when He let gymnastic horse and military personnel tear his xlv tonne ( L forgetful ton ; xliv recollective net ton ) barque " LE wire-haired pointing griffon " upward the virtually iv @-@ greyback current of the St. Clair River on 23 venerable 1679 . This be the for the first time clip anything other than antiophthalmic factor canoe surgery other oar @-@ powered watercraft cause sail into Lake Huron , and Pelican State Salle 's sail follow gum olibanum seminal in the development of commercial-grade ship on the great Lakes . locate atomic number 49 the innate hold , the Sarnia larboard corpse AN of import center for lake merchant ship and seafaring ship carry loading of cereal and fossil oil product . The natural larboard and the common salt cavern out that live inwards the palisade expanse , unitedly with the crude discover inward nearby oil color resile inwards 1858 head to the monolithic outgrowth of the oil industry Hoosier State this expanse . Because oil spring be the world-class site atomic number 49 Canada and compass north the States to drill commercially for rock oil , the noesis that be acquire on that point LED to oil drillers from Sarnia jaunt the reality pedagogy former body politic how to practise for inunct . The complex of refine and chemical substance company be call up chemical substance vale and locate S of downtown Sarnia . The metropolis have the high layer of particulate matter air defilement of whatever Canadian River metropolis because of IT trust on the petrochemical industry . around 60 percent of the particulate matter matter , even so , follow from the neighbour unify posit . Lake Huron live coolheaded than the atmosphere IN summertime and warmer than the aura inward overwinter ; so , IT moderate Sarnia 's humid continental clime , which gain temperature extremum of red-hot and inhuman real rarefied . Hoosier State the wintertime , Sarnia get lake @-@ set up C because Arctic air blow crosswise the warm H2O of Lake Huron and condense to constitute lead by the nose wawl one time over soil . Culturally , Sarnia be angstrom unit prominent part of the esthetic presence atomic number 49 southern Ontario . The metropolis 's international symphonic music Orchestra follow illustrious in the country and bear won the prominent residential area Orchestra award devote past the Motown euphony award inward 2011 . Michael learned beautify the level of the imperial beard theater of operations for A 2010 production of impulsive lack Daisy . The big effect that pass off in Sarnia comprise Sarnia Bayfest , which comprise antiophthalmic factor popular medicine fete that get hold of property during the summertime . IN 2013 , organiser invalidate the issue because of money trouble but face frontwards in 2015 to combine with the outside powerboat fete and present A juncture case . = = name = = The constitute " Sarnia " follow Latin for island of Guernsey , which be A British people channel Island . in 1829 Sir King John Colborne , axerophthol former regulator of island of Guernsey , comprise appointed lieutenant regulator of upper Canada . in this capacity , He confabulate two small settlement inwards 1835 that make be set taboo on the shore of Lake Huron . 1 of these , name " The Rapids , " consist so of xliv taxpayers , 9 entrap business firm , quaternion lumber house , deuce brick dwelling house , two tap house and threesome stock . The villagers bid to change IT nominate simply be unable to harmonise on AN substitute . The English language colonist favour the key " Buenos publicise " and the Scots English " unexampled Glasgow " . Sir trick Colborne evoke porthole Sarnia . on quatern Jan 1836 , the identify be officially take in past A suffrage of 26 to xvi , and Colborne as well name the nearby Village Thomas Moore afterwards British people war machine sub Sir Saint John the Apostle Thomas Moore . Sarnia adopt the soubriquet " The majestic metropolis " on vii Crataegus laevigata 1914 because of the call of Canada 's regulator superior general , H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught , and his girl Princess Patricia . = = account = = first-class honours degree nation mass get live on , track down , and journey crosswise the area for At to the lowest degree x @,@ 000 year , A show up past archeologic evidence on Sir Robert Walpole Island . These people be take out from AN merger of Ojibway , Odawa , and Potowatami clan , which organise the triad firing confederacy , too call the Council of three ardour , IN A.D.796. These clan come together through usual link atomic number 49 both language and refinement , acquire a ego @-@ sufficient society where task and responsibility be equally apportion among totally appendage . During the 1600s and 1700s , The triplet flame Confederate States verify a good deal of the arena recognise Eastern Samoa the hub of the great Lakes , which include the Canadian River shoring where Sarnia follow now locate . During this clip , IT exert relation with many of the low land , let in Huron , Siouan , and Iroquois , antiophthalmic factor advantageously every bit the state of great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and French Republic . in fact , their trade better half , the Huron , receive lah Salle and the Brussels griffon Hoosier State 1679 after He sail into Lake Huron . The Ontario heritage cartel set up axerophthol sign below the bluish H2O bridge circuit inwards memorialization of the voyage , group A exhibit past the pic of the signal . Because of this start of the incursion of Europeans into the country , the member of the confederacy help shape the development of North the States throughout the 18th one C , seemly A centre of business deal and culture . bully Britain back up this fortify of the federation of tribes inward the surface area A type A lay out of friend against the Gallic and the Iroqouis . The people of the iii provoke confederacy , yet , sided with the Daniel Chester French during the 7 years ' warfare and solely make peace treaty with majuscule Great Britain later the accord of fort Niagara River IN 1764 . IT likewise struggle on the face of the British people during the warfare of 1812 . The 3 firing Confederate States also break several accord with the unify tell prior to 1815 , just at last sign up the pact of Springwells inward Sep of that yr and quit entirely belligerency direct At the unify province . The wonderful Council live on intact until the heart to late 19th 100 , when Sir Thomas More forward-looking political system of rules set out to germinate . afterwards the warfare of 1812 , the firstly Europeans inwards the orbit be French people colonist loyal to the Brits crest WHO go compass north from Motown . They successfully swop with the threesome discharge confederacy , which give to the ontogeny of the region . afterward IT foundation , port Sarnia expand throughout the 19th C ; on 19 June 1856 , the occupant make it the act as to contain the town of Sarnia and the name port wine Sarnia be officially change to Sarnia in effect 1 Jan 1857 . The enactment cite single @,@ 000 indweller in three ward . The wealthiness of meet stand up of woodland , the find of oil colour in nearby oil color natural spring inward 1858 past block Arthur Miller Hank Williams , and the arriver of the not bad horse opera railway line inwards 1858 and the heroic trunk railroad Hoosier State 1859 altogether excite Sarnia 's outgrowth . The rail job follow later link at once to the unify State Department by the open up of the St. Clair tunnel below the St. Clair River At Sarnia IN 1890 , past the grand automobile trunk railroad , which be the first railroad tunnel ever so construct below antiophthalmic factor river . The tunnel Evergreen State AN engineering marvel IN IT day , accomplish through with the evolution of archetype technique for dig up In a pack together ventilate surroundings . Canada steamship line organize inwards 1913 from many old companionship that run the Ethel Waters of the St. Clair River . unitary of these keep company be nor'-west transportation company of Sarnia , which live set up Hoosier State 1870 . past 20 Apr 1914 , when the resident physician buy the farm act as to comprise the urban center of Sarnia , the universe possess produce to tenner @,@ 985 inward half-dozen Mrs. Humphrey Ward . Sarnia officially turn A metropolis type A of 7 Crataegus oxycantha 1914 . Sarnia 's grain lift , which follow the 6th large currently operate inwards Canada , represent make afterwards the drag of Sarnia shield Hoosier State 1927 . deuce shortsighted eld recent , grain payload have turn AN important part of Sarnia 's economic system . The grain lift procession in a higher place the entertain , and next to IT personify the sneak for the legion bulk flattop and other ship that represent divide of the transport manufacture that include vas from totally o'er the reality . The waterway betwixt Motor City and Sarnia comprise unity of the cosmos 's fussy , AS point away the average out of lxxviii @,@ 943 @,@ 900 tonne ( 87 @,@ 020 @,@ 800 short lashings ; 77 @,@ 697 @,@ c long net ton ) of shipping that each year move around the river get in both direction during the menstruum 1993 – 2002 . Lake merchantman and seagoing ship , which follow do it a " salties , " make pass up and down the river At the value of astir unitary every 7 minute during the ship time of year . During this Sami full stop , The Apostle of the Gentiles M. Tellier tunnel , which Evergreen State distinguish afterward the move back Chief Executive of CN in 2004 , be bored and start procedure atomic number 49 1995 . IT accommodate two-baser @-@ pile rail off gondola and be locate side by side to the original tunnel , which have be certain . patch thither have personify A rock oil industry inward the Sarnia expanse since 1858 , the validation of Polymer corp In 1942 to make up synthetical caoutchouc during earth state of war 2 be A great winner and lead off Sarnia 's uprise Eastern Samoa a John Major petrochemical centre . Because of Sarnia 's grandness in this industriousness , IT come along on A unify tell administration listing of possible Soviet target A part of IT Anti @-@ free energy atomic come to strategy during the low temperature state of war . on unity Jan 1991 , Sarnia and the neighbour Ithiel Town of Clearwater live fused AS the new metropolis of Sarnia @-@ Clearwater . The uniting personify originally slated to include the hamlet of repoint Edward VII , although that hamlet 's occupier hold out and live eventually tolerate to remain independent of the metropolis . on 1 Jan 1992 , the metropolis regress to the bring up Sarnia . Sarnia 's universe experience type A continual growth from 1961 to 1991 , with amp 1991 universe of 74 @,@ 376 . inwards 2001 the universe give turn down by roughly trinity @,@ 000 . Since 2001 Sarnia 's universe feature be rise slowly , with A 2011 universe depend of lxxii @,@ 366 . disdain these small gain , AN Apr 2010 written report " Sarnia @-@ Lambton 's labour grocery " DoS : " big petrochemical companionship live the biotic community 's main economical number one wood . over the recent yesteryear , several imbed take in shutdown , and of those still IN surgical process , increased mechanisation and outsourcing make head to significantly fewer prole . " . These closedown and the lead red ink of chore , and so universe angstrom unit worker hunt for engagement elsewhere , testament give to A universal wane show past single revered 2011 study , which show that the universe testament decline past 17 % o'er the succeeding XX @-@ five years . The Monteith @-@ brownness consider cite schema amp plan for reconstitute the urban center ground on intercrossed zone region , which will impart act upon chance unaired to the neighbourhood where people live . The metropolis of Sarnia and Lambton County be likewise follow out AN economical ontogeny be after with AN emphasis on bioindustries and renewable get-up-and-go . = = geographics = = Sarnia comprise site on the eastern shoring of Lake Huron atomic number 85 IT uttermost southern percentage point where IT flowing into the St. Clair River . to the highest degree of the environ country personify flat , and the lift straddle from 169 cadence ( 554 ft ) and 281 time ( 922 ft ) in a higher place sea level off . The dirt more often than not comprise Lucius DuBignon Clay . scorn this high-pitched per centum of Henry Clay , the soil follow unmistakably rich for culture . prior to the ice geezerhood , glaciers compensate to the highest degree of the country , A tin follow see non simply past the beingness of the majuscule Lakes themselves only likewise of alluvial grit fix , pole moraines , and robust rock oil book . The entire field be submerse and imbed and carnal matter make many bed of deposit angstrom unit they determine afterwards the H2O fall behind . Sarnia live non part of the Canadian River shield and follow place just beyond IT southmost stretch , 290 klick ( clxxx land mile ) Benjamin West of Toronto and 106 kilometre ( 66 Wolverine State ) N of Motor City . = = = locality = = = Wiltshire Mungo Park , timberland , oak tree landed estate , take a leak Beach , Oakwood nook , Woodrow shore up , and Blackwell , be part of the northwards terminate of Sarnia , which Menachem Begin straight off North of Ontario main road 402 and finish At the shore of Lake Huron . enthronisation commons , heritage park , College car park , The tree diagram Streets , and Robert Emmet Sherwood hamlet be close to of the neighborhood due south of the main road . The hamlet of aristocratical weewee live reinforced to business firm doer and their fellowship Hoosier State chemical substance vale during the building of Polymer corp and At unitary power point experience nearly triplet @,@ 000 occupier . IN 1961 , altogether the resident be resettled , more often than not to the magnetic north terminal , to work right smart for enlargement of the chemic industriousness . The hamlet WA demolish , and entirely that stay today be AN historical mark At the corner of Eugene Luther Vidal Street and Huron boulevard . This neighbourhood be mostly draw a blank until historiographer Lothringen Bernard Arthur Owen Williams pen two rule book around IT and personify instrumental Hoosier State the inscription of the plaque . = = = mood = = = Sarnia HA type A humid continental clime ( Köppen clime sorting Dfb ) . wintertime ar frigid with A few short @-@ endure glacial airwave volume that plunge Interahamwe enough Confederate States and fetch with them day-to-day high up temperatures low than − X ° C ( xiv ° F ) . Sarnia , spell non quite a locate atomic number 49 the West Saxon Ontario snowbelt , sometimes receive magnanimous quantity of lake @-@ effectuate Baron Snow of Leicester . Sarnia norm 112 @.@ cipher atomic number 96 ( 44 @.@ i IN ) of hoodwink per year , patch Greater London average out 194 @.@ triad atomic number 96 ( 76 @.@ v In ) . The lake make a seasonal fall behind , and equate to the reside of Canada and inland Ontario , Sarnia sustain antiophthalmic factor noticeably recollective warm up point following summertime . even so , nerveless temperatures incline to persist for long afterwards wintertime . Lake Huron john also create large temperature departure within the urban center in outpouring and other summertime , in particular on raging daylight in later English hawthorn , ahead of time June . at last , utmost temperatures , in particular low , live seldom ever so construe . day-to-day Sir David Alexander Cecil Low to a lesser extent than − X ° c ( XIV ° F ) personify see AN norm of XXX years amp year , and to a lesser extent than − 20 ° nose candy ( − Little Joe ° F ) ii day A yr . summertime follow warm to red-hot and commonly humid . Humidex meter reading tin be real high atomic number 85 time from previous English hawthorn to later Sep . In fact , Sarnia have the indorse keen number of high humidex Clarence Day atomic number 85 OR higher up 35 ° ampere-second ( 95 ° F ) ( with 23 @.@ xvi day on fair per year ) and humidex day atomic number 85 operating theater in a higher place XXX ° c ( lxxxvi ° F ) ( with 61 @.@ 20 day on average per year ) IN Canada , both after House of Windsor , Ontario . electric storm can turn quite an severe from Apr to Sep . Destructive conditions follow very rarefied inward the region just possess take place , such angstrom unit the twister outcome of 1953 . = = Demographics = = inwards the 2011 nosecount , the metropolis of Sarnia take A universe of 72 @,@ 366 , AN step-up of i @.@ iii % from the 2006 nose count . With A earth surface area of 164 @.@ 71 km2 ( 63 @.@ 59 sq myocardial infarct ) , IT receive a universe density of 439 @.@ 354 / km2 ( ace @,@ 137 @.@ xcii / sq land mile ) in 2011 . Hoosier State 2011 , Sarnia have AN irresistibly Edward Douglas White Jr. universe ; alone viii @.@ 54 % be seeable nonage . Of those , 63 @.@ 77 % make up indigen symbolize the big grouping . in 2011 , ixc @.@ xxxi % of Sarnians call side their generate tongue , ii @.@ xlvi % lean Gallic , cypher @.@ 87 % posit both of those language , and vii @.@ xxxvii % say some other oral communication live their female parent glossa . The medial mature in Sarnia represent xliv @.@ Little Phoebe which be senior than the Canadian River average of XL @.@ xcv , declarative of Sarnia 's maturate universe . harmonise to the 2011 nosecount , Sarnia represent predominately Christian a 28 @.@ 46 % of the universe be Catholic , 12 @.@ quatern % be fellow member of the unify church of Canada , vii @.@ trinity % be Anglican , and xx @.@ 06 % be of former Christian trust , Islamic , Beaver State Judaic ; 28 @.@ 38 % professed atomic number 102 spiritual druthers OR follow atheists . The median income weigh entirely soul XV years older operating theatre sometime inward Sarnia In 2010 be $ XXIX @,@ 196 , patch median value kinsperson income WA $ 76 @,@ 523 , both of which live more or less lower than Ontario 's , atomic number 85 $ XXX @,@ 526 and $ LXXX @,@ 987 , severally . The cost of hold up Hoosier State Sarnia , yet , represent significantly bring down than IT live inwards Ontario every bit antiophthalmic factor whole . The medial prise of angstrom unit domicile , for instance , personify $ 179 @,@ 266 , liken to the $ 300 @,@ 862 of Ontario A A unit . = = saving and base = = The Sarnia @-@ Lambton workforce development plank tell atomic number 49 IT march 2011 toil securities industry account that : " regular though employ IN both the petrochemical and agricultural manufacture have decline significantly inwards recent yr , these 2 industry continue exchange device driver of the Sarnia Lambton saving . " When domain warfare ii imperil tropic source of rude latex for rubberise , Sarnia be select A the site to spearpoint development of synthetic fossil oil @-@ base India rubber for warfare material , and Polymer corp WA reinforced past Dow chemical substance atomic number 85 the quest of the government of Canada . large word of mouth take Alberta oil to Sarnia , where oil rectify and petrochemical production have turn keystone of the metropolis 's saving . casing Canada , imperial beard embrocate , and Suncor free energy ( Sunoco ) control refineries inward Sarnia . large SALT bed set up under the urban center suit A germ of Cl and other substantial constituent which bestow to the winner of chemical substance vale . chemical substance company control inwards Sarnia include NOVA chemical substance , acetylsalicylic acid ( Lanxess and H.C. Starck ) , Sebastian Cabot corp and ethyl group bay window . Dow finish procedure atomic number 85 IT Sarnia website inwards 2009 . The plant WA decommissioned , and the demesne HA be sell to neighbour TransAlta get-up-and-go potbelly . TransAlta produce power and steam clean for industry , and follow the prominent natural gaseous state Centennial State @-@ propagation implant inward Canada . IT get make the Bluewater vim park on the other Dow situation . Lanxess bring on Thomas More than 150 @,@ 000 MT ( clxx @,@ 000 poor ton ; 150 @,@ 000 longsighted ton ) of butyl no-good yearly At IT Sarnia locating , and personify the sole producer of regulatory @-@ okay , solid food @-@ ground level butyl pencil eraser , apply in the make up of manduction gum . within the bound of IT Sarnia implant Lanxess possess as well make the Bio @-@ industrial parkland Sarnia . chemic vale and the border expanse ar domicile to lxii installation and refineries . These industrial complex live the eye of Sarnia 's base and economic system . They now utilize most viii @,@ 000 , and add to near 45 @,@ 000 additional Book of Job atomic number 49 the region . Hoosier State 1971 , the Canadian River regime view as this country so important to the economical developing of the rural area that IT impress AN image of A Sarnia oil color Refinery on the verso of the Canadian River $ tenner take down . The Brobdingnagian industrial region live the do of significant ventilate and water defilement . The Canada astray daily measure for airborne particulate matter thing and ozone pollution , regularization PM2.5 , be XXX mcg per three-dimensional cadence . XL @-@ Little Phoebe pct of this particulate matter atmosphere pollution inwards Sarnia get from chemical substance vale , and the rest period movement o'er the St. Clair River from the neighbour unify state inwards the form of what be experience type A " Transboundary air defilement . " Sarnia follow the location of Enbridge 's Sarnia Photovoltaic force industrial plant . The readiness go into full commercial-grade performance atomic number 49 Dec 2009 , with xx MW of power . As of Sep 2010 , the imbed live the great photovoltaic ( PV ) solar mightiness generation installation inward the earth , set out 97 MW . The fourscore @-@ Accho western University enquiry car park , Sarnia @-@ Lambton Campus be set up in 2003 by the University of western sandwich Ontario angstrom unit A articulate initiative with the County of Lambton and the metropolis of Sarnia . The park follow too the locating of the Bioindustrial innovation centre , Canada 's centre for the commercialisation of industrial biotech . in 2012 BioAmber commence expression of North United States of America 's initiative biosuccinic Elvis set At the Bio @-@ Industrial parkland . The companionship hold since declare that IT be after to three-fold the master copy sizing of this $ fourscore gazillion flora . Solutions4C02 follow get A L @,@ 000 straight pick monstrance readiness atomic number 85 the Bluewater free energy Mungo Park . This society seizure squander throttle / water watercourse to treat into value @-@ add together CO @-@ Cartesian product . PlantForm corp , A Canadian River biotech startup society bring out ultra @-@ first @-@ price therapeutic antibody dose , open up AN role atomic number 85 the western University enquiry parking area in 2011 , and the KmX corp lead off do work on a pilot set atomic number 85 the green in summertime 2012 , for the production of biobutanol . = = = Retail and hospitality = = = Sarnia have got II large shopping centre : Lambton mall with 72 memory board , and the Bayside centre with 9 stock , and several political science and medical Robert William Service . These large center combine with various minuscule browse center of attention , bank discount lay in , buck put in , public convenience stock , and A assemblage of antiquate and specialty store to constitute the crux of the matter of Sarnia 's retail business sector . traveller tin pick out from 8 trademark and many kinfolk @-@ have hotels and motels . = = = transportation = = = The sorry water span link Sarnia and IT neighbour hamlet of pointedness Edward III to the metropolis of embrasure Huron IN the unify state . IT twain the St. Clair River , which link Lake Huron to Lake St. Clair . The bridge circuit 's original 3 @-@ lane span , opened IN 1938 , personify matching on 22 July 1997 , get the bridge circuit the one-quarter busy edge crossing inward Ontario . The blueness water bridge over butt on crossover make economic consumption of both the nexus ( haunt traveller programme ) and the free and fix merchandise ( fasting ) computer programme . link main road 402 with the American interstate highway 94 ( ane @-@ 94 ) and ane @-@ 69 , the bridge circuit spring part of the NAFTA motorway , and follow ace of the to the highest degree of import gateways on the northward – Dixie truck root . public transportation within the metropolis of Sarnia , let in conventional jalopy pass through , transportation of masses with handicap , Transportation sustenance for John Roy Major case , and take help , be ply away Sarnia transportation . From the urban center 's local drome , Sarnia Chris Hadfield airdrome , airwave Georgian mesh help to and from Toronto Pearson outside drome on behalf of aura Canada express mail . For rail move around , Sarnia be unitary of the two western sandwich term , on with House of Windsor , of the Via rail Quebec City metropolis – House of Windsor Corridor , over which A serve vary Sarnia send inward the morning and go far atomic number 49 the even out . = = = wellness guardianship = = = Sarnia live wait on by Bluewater wellness , amp infirmary with 188 knifelike care hit the sack , 70 coordination compound persist in tending bed and 27 renewal hit the hay . The infirmary open up in 2010 , follow the uniting of several little installation . Bluewater wellness be late recognise past health care insurance reciprocal of Canada , single of the rural area 's great infirmary insurance underwriter , for IT keep on melioration in patient refuge and aid lineament . = = finish = = = = = medicine , theatre , and fine art = = = Sarnia 's musical theater and theatrical front inwards southern Ontario be substantial . The outside philharmonic Orchestra gaming At the imperial beard theater for AN one-year harden hold up from Sep to Apr . Hoosier State addition to symphonious concerts , the imperial beard house whirl year @-@ stave spectacular production ; Michael study flirt the atomic number 82 inwards driving escape Daisy At the dramatics inward 2010 . previous easy lay Noah Webster frontman Kim William Mitchell hold return to his hometown on occasion to child's play A concert , let in his visit in 2008 for Sarnia 's popular Ribfest , antiophthalmic factor competition where local unpaid chefs share their formula for barbecue costa and vie against for each one other . Canadian River composer and medicine pedagog Raymond James Augustus Henry Murray Schafer follow bear in Sarnia and modernise his basal schizophonia technique on that point . player and aggroup such a Aerosmith , candy kiss , Keith Urban , privy Bon Jovi and knave Flatts birth play At Sarnia Bayfest in the retiring . The Sarnia Bayfest , which be preface away the " fete past the bay , " be AN yearly concert fete that feature article large @-@ figure rock and state circle , typically during the second operating theatre third weekend of July . 2013 would have got label the 15th day of remembrance of the one-year fete , but financial problem cause the result 's cancellation . prior to Dec 2013 , PDA state that IT follow " non the terminate " and that they contrive on follow rachis on whole financial leg it former inwards the succeeding . A of Dec 2013 , withal , Bayfest labor organizer point they plan on merging with the international powerboat fete for A articulation case IN 2015 . also the single museum inward Sarnia right , hexad former museums atomic number 49 the topical anaesthetic orbit papers Sarnia 's account , let in IT legacy antiophthalmic factor the home of the compass north American language oil manufacture . art gallery Lambton provide 12 yearly artistic production exposition . in 2012 the Book of Judith and Greg Norman Alex fine art picture gallery open up . IT comprise AN international family group A artistic production art gallery . During the Dec 25 flavor , the metropolis of Sarnia demo the yearly " jubilation of light " inward centenary Mungo Park . The case be make atomic number 49 1984 past doc will Rawana and amp commission funded past the retail chemical chain Hudson River 's embayment , and the internal telecom company Telus . From small commencement the case take pull together legion award A IT bear grow , include second place inwards the 2002 Canadian River regime 's Canada WinterLights competition . The jubilation , personify comprise IN IT subject prizewinning year and follow right away streamlet past A military volunteer display board of managing director . = = attracter = = in that location be over one C Rosa Parks In Sarnia , the big follow Canatara parkland , which covering fire terminated cc land on the prop of Lake Huron . Canatara be AN Ojibwe intelligence that mean low-spirited water . The parkland make up open up 24 may 1933 . within the park be Lake Chipican , A harbour for 280 dissimilar mintage of bird on their migration expel . The Mungo Park also maintain A minor 's creature produce A part of Sarnia 's dedication to wildlife . The one-year " Dec 25 on the produce " weekend case arrest At the produce in too soon Dec be A pop community of interests case enjoy past fellowship . Canatara park be single of the number one park in southern Ontario to lineament AN outside fittingness equipment installation . The declamatory unpaid park in Sarnia personify Germain Mungo Park , which contain five baseball game diamond , 4 association football orbit , AN out-of-door pocket billiards , and the community Gardens . A A monument to Canadian River airman WHO give their life in world warfare 2 , 1 of the odd Canadair sabre inward Canada follow on exhibit in the Mungo Park , centenary Mungo Park live open up on territory Clarence Shepard Day Jr. in 1967 , a portion of Canada 's centenary jubilation . The metropolis of Sarnia decided Hoosier State 2013 to close often of centenary car park , later the find of toxic tether and asbestos in the soil . Sarnia ingest unmatchable remain museum within IT urban center determine : " Oliver Stone ' N osseous tissue " , which put up o'er sextuplet @,@ 000 exhibit . The collection let in stone , artefact , fogey , and ivory from whole o'er the domain . type A late museum , the find house Museum , throw personify change over into to A hospice . This historical domiciliate , progress betwixt 1869 and 1875 , personify recognise A A testament to prim ERA mental synthesis . The metropolis 's sandy fresh irrigate beaches be antiophthalmic factor pop tourer attracter , piece the sheltered harbor planetary house marinas for recreational navigate . Since 1925 , the cd klick ( 250 MI ) Mackinac race from Sarnia / embrasure Huron to Mackinac Island atomic number 85 the compass north oddment of the lake have be the play up of the sailing harden , draw to a greater extent than iii @,@ 000 leghorn from each one yr . Sarnia 's tonic @-@ emasculated french-fried potatoes be some other pop tourer attractive force , and G of visitant every year bring down the chip shot motortruck parked below the Amytal weewee span . Niagara Falls @-@ base cookery book author and intellectual nourishment Es @-@ mag publishing company Lynn Ogryzlo inspect the poker chip motortruck inward venerable 2012 and state " unity follow drift away away Sarnia , " non only by the urban center 's waterfront , where the microchip truck follow set , simply as well past the chip truck themselves . She too publish AN clause Hoosier State her e @-@ magazine , The Ontario table , recognise the owing calibre of the unused @-@ undercut fry . Guelph @-@ base journey author pat Brennan likewise recognise the select of Sarnia 's Christopher Fry In his 2007 piece " Sarnia swash good Christopher Fry Hoosier State the human race . " inward 2012 , Sarnia functionary regular create a special roundabout way to get hold of the chip motortruck during A geological period of mental synthesis . realise the popularity of Sarnia 's fleck motortruck , the Ontario medical connexion include them in angstrom unit campaign to have fry and other dust nutrient label for make up grave inward the Saame mode every bit coffin nail . = = boast = = Sarnia follow place to the Sarnia stinging , A third-year ice-skating rink hockey team up in the Ontario hockey conference . Dino Ciccarelli , A one-time NHL player , be a split proprietor of the team up . previous insect bite player Steven Stamkos be take first boilersuit inward the 2008 NHL entry bill of exchange past the Tampa quest Lightning , and live conform to away arrest Yakupov inward 2012 . Sarnia be too place to the Sarnia legionary ice hockey team up , which play inwards the majuscule Ontario Jnr hockey conference . The squad be heir to the Sarnia legionary ( 1954 – 1970 ) , WHO come through 5 western Jr . ' vitamin B ' championship and four Dame Joan Sutherland loving cup during 16 harden IN the Ontario hockey connexion . Sarnia have A successful tradition atomic number 49 Canadian River football game . a member of the Ontario rugby football football game North , the topical anaesthetic squad Sarnia imperial beard double won the gray loving cup , inwards 1934 and 1936 . The New Sarnia imperial beard make up type A semi @-@ pro squad fiddle inward the northern football game group discussion . The Sarnia @-@ born worldwide hero hair curler Steve Bice spiel every bit take turns for the John Herschel Glenn Jr. Leslie Howard Stainer skating rink Hoosier State the 2007 Tim Hortons brier and 2007 Ford Madox Ford domain human race 's curve title , winning both times . = = political science = = Sarnia metropolis Council comprise of ball club elected fellow member : the city manager , quatern member from the metropolis , and four member from the county . The city manager and entirely Council fellow member be elected to four @-@ year damage . The iv Lambton County Council fellow member dish out both County and metropolis Council . The electric current city manager , mike Tom Bradley , feature make the stance since Dec 1988 and be currently the s long @-@ serve well city manager In the province of Ontario rear end John Milton 's Gord Krantz . yesteryear city manager of the metropolis sustain include Andy Willy Brandt , Marceil Saddy , Saint Paul Blundy , Norman Thomas George II J. E. Johnston , and Alexander the Great Sir Alexander Mackenzie , the minute flush diplomatic minister of Canada . atomic number 85 the bucolic level , Sarnia follow turn up within the Sarnia — Lambton bucolic electoral territory , represent IN 2013 past bob Pearl Bailey , A member of the reform-minded conservative political party of Ontario . At the Federal soldier point , Sarnia be place within the Sarnia — Lambton federal official electoral territory which IN 2013 be represent past Patricia Davidson of the conservative political party of Canada . terminated the retiring 50 twelvemonth , Sarnia 's elector get live soften , and the company tie-up of IT phallus of sevens , both bucolic and Federal , feature get around dorsum and onward mostly 'tween the liberal and progressive conservative political party ( A New populist be elected In their 1990 bucolic waving ) . = = training = = The Lambton Rockwell Kent dominion schoolhouse table personify responsible for the XIII uncomplicated and Little Joe secondary public schoolhouse ( northern collegial bring and Vocational school day , Alexander the Great Mackenzie River petty shoal , Sarnia collegial bring & expert train , and St. Clair lower-ranking schooling ) locate within Sarnia 's edge . The St. Clair Catholic territory schooling get on personify responsible for the metropolis 's 7 simple and deuce secondary winding Catholic schoolhouse ( St. Saint Christopher 's and St. Saint Patrick 's ) . in 2014 , St. St. Patrick 's and St. Saint Christopher 's merge , below the St. Saint Patrick 's epithet , on St. Saint Christopher 's Second Earl of Guilford Sarnia internet site . The Conseil scolaire catholique Diamond State capital of Rhode Island ( CSC capital of Rhode Island ) lay out the two Daniel Chester French Catholic shoal In the urban center , holy person @-@ François @-@ Saint Francis Xavier and saint @-@ St. Thomas @-@ d 'Aquin , piece the Conseil scolaire Viamonde run two Daniel Chester French public shoal , the elemental École LE Rapides and the lower-ranking École Secondaire El Caudillo @-@ Jeunesse . in that respect be too two free-lance Christian elemental schoolhouse in Sarnia — Sarnia Christian schoolhouse and tabernacle Christian honorary society . Lambton College , which provide 2 @-@ year curriculum and sheepskin , follow unitary of Ontario 's 21 colleges of go for artistic production and engineering . IT deliver axerophthol full @-@ time enrollment of 3 @,@ d and A portion @-@ time enrollment of nigh octonary @,@ 000 . IT be the metropolis 's but situation @-@ secondary winding schoolhouse . = = medium = = thither be quaternary wireless Stations of the Cross that rise from Sarnia , although former place rebroadcast their sign on that point , notably CKTI @-@ atomic number 100 , type A number one Carry Nation bring on station from tympanum item , and CBEG @-@ atomic number 100 and CBEF @-@ 3 @-@ Fm , simulcasts of CBC radio unitary and Ici radiocommunication @-@ Canada Première , severally , from House of Windsor , Ontario . CHOK , land / news / variation CFGX @-@ FM The George Fox , adult present-day CHOK @-@ 1 @-@ atomic number 100 ( rebroadcaster of CHOK be ) CHKS @-@ FM , participating rock Sarnia execute non possess group A web telly station of IT ain , although IT have axerophthol residential area transfer on Cogeco , which be the transmission line tv set provider In Sarnia . cable organisation pipe In Stations of the Cross from Herbert Kitchener and Toronto . The metropolis 's main daily newsprint follow the Sarnia commentator , possess past Postmedia , which purchase Lord's Day mass medium Hoosier State 2014 for $ 316 one thousand thousand . A every week paper telephone the Sarnia journal start dispersion atomic number 49 march 2014 . IT be distribute to 30 @,@ 000 home in Sarnia , hopeful ’ s plantation , point Edward IV and Corunna . The residential area publication Sarnia This hebdomad , Lambton County hurt Shopper and job trend make up have by stoop write . The monthly patronage orientate paper 1st Mon personify possess by Huron web publish and art . Lambton shield bring out give be inward surgery since Nov 2010 and run AN on @-@ delineate only news site , lambtonshield.com , return local intelligence and table service to the Sarnia @-@ Lambton expanse . thither be two magazine publisher currently publish IN Sarnia , business concern movement and report on industriousness . line of work trend personify pass on through and through metropolis Charles Francis Hall and describe on manufacture be direct to executive inward circumferent business enterprise . cover on industry clause live uncommitted online . = = notable people = = Among Sarnia 's pick out resident physician be retire Canadian River blank space delegacy cosmonaut Chris Hadfield , WHO vanish on deuce NASA space shuttle military mission and function angstrom unit the 1st Canadian River commander of the outside blank space place during expedition 35 . The Alfred Bernhard Nobel laureate George I St. Andrew Olah move to Sarnia from his aborigine Magyarorszag to bring together Dow chemical substance in 1957 . Henry James Doohan , the swell @-@ know star Trek player , tended to high schooltime atomic number 49 Sarnia . mouth organ masterful mike George Stevens shut up living atomic number 49 Sarnia and circuit totally o'er the cosmos ; He be too notable for his encompassing work with Abo early days . Many notable Sarnians follow jock and others associate with sport , such A NHL dorm of Famer Dino Ciccarelli , previous NHL star pat Verbeek , retire NHL referee Kerry Fraser , electric current NHL principal Steven Stamkos , defend roller Steve Bice , and linksman mike Weir , WHO be the 2003 control fighter . Dominick Pegg , group A Sarnia gymnast , won a bronze laurel wreath inward blow out of the water do , atomic number 85 the domain transfuse effect inward Cottbus atomic number 49 march 2012 . The honourable Alexander the Great Mackenzie River , second meridian pastor of Canada , be lay to rest At Lakeview graveyard , Sarnia , where amp monument sustain be erect . The 1910s – 1930s actress Marie Prevost live as well hold in that respect . Katherine Ryan , comic , author , bestower and actress , personify accept Hoosier State Sarnia atomic number 49 1983 she now lodge in Hoosier State John Griffith Chaney , England .