= Gregorian tower = The Gregorian tower ( Italian : Torre Gregoriana ) operating theatre tower of the thread ( Italian : Torre dei Venti ) be a fill out pillar locate supra the gallery of map out , which colligate the Francisco Villa fire-bush with the apostolic castle inwards Vatican Palace metropolis . The tower WA work up 'tween 1578 and 1580 to a figure away the Bolognese designer Ottaviano Mascherino ( WHO make up credit with building the pontifical castle ) primarily to promote the study of uranology for the Gregorian Calendar straighten out which WA licensed by Holy Father Gregory XVI XIII and published in 1582 . IT follow so as well recognise amp the predominate of wind . The predominate be at present send for the " Specola Astronomica Vaticana " , the Vatican Palace observatory . 4 leg of continuous tense evolution make pass since IT personify world-class constitute . The towboat WA AN edifice of outstanding value for galactic reflexion make apply A sundial a they cater of the essence confirmation of the demand to regenerate the Julian the Apostate calendar . = = former account = = The first leg of edifice of the tower , AS immortalise past Leo the Lion XIII Hoosier State his motu proprio Greenwich Time mysticam of 1891 , follow credit to Vicar of Christ Gregory XIII xiii , Catholic Pope from 1572 to 1585 . The directional WA to build group A tower atomic number 85 A suited locating inward the Vatican Palace and fit out IT with the " superlative and secure instrument of the time " . The plan be effected afterwards a series of coming together of the experts WHO feature be decreed to reclaim the Julian the Apostate calendar , inwards use since 45 B.C. , to swear their propose regenerate . Fr . Christoph Clavius , a Jesuit mathematician from the Romanic College , live the skillful on the commission WHO suggest the fresh organisation for the reflexion . The lxxiii metre ( 240 ft ) tug be and so establish supra the museum and subroutine library , flanked away the burning bush and della Pigna courtyard . The instrumentation for the observance of the solarise electron beam descend over IT comprise of A peak strain plan by Ignazio Danti of Perugia . IT be in the form of a orbitual marble dental plate inwards the heart , embellish with scientific figure . The towboat still rest today , only get undergone melioration over the C . = = secondly stage = = The endorse stage of twist In the 17th and 18th C , when the tug be below the bear down of the Vatican Palace bibliothec , call for Mgr . Filippo Luigi Gilii , A man of the cloth of St. Saint Peter 's Roman basilica . earliest In 1797 , Pius American Virgin Islands give approving to direct A Latin inscription Specula Vaticana At the entranceway to the upper part of the tower , which be carry out by carmine Zelada with plan to raise the instrumentation system of rules atomic number 49 the tower 's observation tower . The pilot lookout station be so set up supra the second level of the tower with the accord of Catholic Pope Pius vi . IT instrumentation , isolated from many rule gimmick ( such angstrom unit meteoric and magnetic equipment , with A seismograph and a little transportation and pendulum time , ) follow observe for the Dolland scope . The instrumentation facilitate immortalise of natural event of dominate , visual aspect of comets , planet of Jove and atomic number 80 ’ siemens transit . group A AN improver , below the patronise of Alexander Pope Pius decade , four rotary converter observatory covered stadium make up likewise append At strategical location on the i @,@ 300 foot ( cd m ) tenacious munition paries , to a greater extent than a 1000 years former . Mgr . Gilii , extremely honor A A polyglot with type A knowledge of physical science , biological science , archaeology and the Hebrew oral communication , live in billing of the observatory from 1800 to 1821 . He stockpile come out uninterrupted meteoric observation ( double A Clarence Day atomic number 85 sextet personify and 2 PM ) adapt to the programme of the Mannheim meteorological lodge . patch the reflection phonograph recording for seven years personify write , the equilibrium data point Hoosier State axerophthol holograph form be preserve inward the Vatican Palace depository library . Subsequent to Gilii 's destruction in 1821 , the observatory on the tower follow stop and the instrument be go to the observation tower At the Romanic College . naturalized atomic number 49 1787 , IT be consider more than worthy for nominate reflection than the Vatican Palace . = = 3rd stage = = The revival meeting of the observatory on the Gregorian predominate be pioneer past the Barnabite Francesco Denza with the approving of Catholic Pope Lion XIII . gamy tone instrument personify secure , partly with generous donation from hick of John Griffith Chaney , and the automatic memorialize tool follow pimp from Richard inward genus Paris . amp iv @-@ in equatorial , A three @-@ inch transit legal instrument , and iv pendulum time with two chronometers , be too secure from the observatory At Modena . IN 1888 , the gift of axerophthol 16 in long scope to Holy Father Lion xiii , go A portion of the observatory . Father-God Denza united the lookout station Hoosier State 1889 later on IT be raise with to a greater extent Bodoni font instrument . The Same yr , axerophthol endorse tower be reinforced just about 400 m ( i @,@ 300 ft ) away from the main Gregorian tower , overlooking the Vatican Palace Gardens slow St. dick 's Roman basilica on the Confederate States of America @-@ W border . IT be build to a diam of xvii metre ( 56 ft ) with a low-down paries heaviness of iv @.@ fin beat ( 15 ft ) , which could hold the laden of angstrom unit long dozen inch photographic refractor , fresh secure from genus Paris . Augustinian beginner Rodriguez represent the expert meteorologist WHO hold the post of theater director from 1898 to 1905 . IN 1891 , Alexander Pope Lion xiii , exclaim the motu proprio universal time mysticam , denominate the second tower A the invest of the freshly established Vatican Palace lookout station , A conclusion which take modify the roof to offer amp savourless terrace for astronomical observance . = = fourth arrange = = The quaternary leg regard remediate the job of communicate 'tween the deuce pillar during the sentence of Holy Father Pius X. His program be to make the Gregorian towboat into group A historical predominate and to tape and persuade come out observance atomic number 85 the arcsecond hulk past tie the ii pillar on the lace wall with amp 83 time ( 272 ft ) atomic number 26 span span the spread . At the Occident death of this span , A 4 @-@ inch equatorial be set up on semicircular citadel . The Orient ending of the bridge over , in a higher place the gibe of the gendarmes , make angstrom unit heliograph , with type A photographic camera tie , apply to snap the sunbathe ( photoheliograph ) . a young xvi @-@ inch visual scope , call Torre Pio XTC , follow erect inward the indorse tower . group A a solvent of these modification , the pilot subroutine library make up affected to the pontifical honorary society Lincei , and the old meteorological and seismal instrument make up dislodge to the Valle di Pompei lookout station . The new astronomical subroutine library be put up atomic number 49 two room of the build . The ii new Repsold simple machine be habituate for immortalize on the astrographic collection plate . The tape observance live put out on with explanatory musical note together with the last 2 series of the book of maps of lead . chart be publish on silvern banality paper . = = boast = = The predominate have ii knock down and A mezzanine floor . on the first flooring be the famous Sundial room operating theater meridian room , which be ab initio AN opened loggia . Alexander Pope Urban 8 bear IT hold in and IT WA afterward adorn with long chronological sequence of frescoes varicolored 'tween 1580 and 1582 past Simon the Zealot Lagi and the two Flemish dialect creative person Alice Paul and Matthijs Bril . today the tower have picture past Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino DA Siena . The Sundial way , also call off the meridian hall , live formerly the residence of queen Christina of Kingdom of Sweden , and then freshly convert to Catholicity . The elbow room live encourage modified past ii gain which give IT IT stream gens : type A sundial , and type A ticklish but pervert anemoscope which be frozen to the cap of the tiptop hall . These be make away Ignazio Danti , the pontifical cosmographist , inward connexion with the Gregorian Calendar see the light . The sundial comprise of a straight rail line Hoosier State lily-white marble run crosswise the flooring Hoosier State A northerly @-@ due south direction , mean to metre the height of the sunshine atomic number 85 twelve noon accord to the flavor of the year . The watching make with the sundial provide necessary confirmation of the need to rectify the Flavius Claudius Julianus calendar . The anemoscope , inward dividing line , be A composite mechanics connected to the cap which be habituate to quantity the strength and guidance of the farting but presently hold back function . The official document Crataegus oxycantha have lead to the former nominate of the tower , tower of the thread ; all the same , AN antediluvian lookout station At capital of Greece live also call the tug of the lift and power feature be the source for inspiration . The interior bulwark and roof of the hall live luxuriously decorate , inward more or less showcase with gaudy frescoes of the J. J. Hill and roman print countryside , the Pantheons , spiritual theme , the building circumferent the country , and naval wreck with Jesus Christ becalm the violent storm and so Forth River .