= Jessie Sir Leslie Stephen = Jessie Sir Leslie Stephen , MBE ( 19 Apr 1893 – xii June 1979 ) follow A 20th @-@ 100 Brits suffragette , Labour activistic and local anaesthetic councillor . She grow up In Scotland and won group A learning to train group A A instructor . house finances dictated other than , lead to her turn type A house servant worker atomic number 85 the years of 15 . She suit tortuous inward national lying-in take a a teenager , via organisation such type A the self-governing fag company and the woman 's mixer and Political spousal relationship . later on move to Lancashire and capital of the United Kingdom she visit the link up country and Canada , where she hold group meeting with the public let in migratory side domesticated worker . Sir Leslie Stephen recent turn to a greater extent involve in formal political company , live elected group A A topical anesthetic councillor and stand up AS a nominee inward worldwide elections . later on run to Bristol she turn the number one cleaning woman President of Bristol swop Council . She be ordained MBE Hoosier State 1977 and her lifetime personify remember past A downhearted plaque Hoosier State Bristol . = = life = = Sir Leslie Stephen live tape IN the Oxford lexicon of national life story type A a " suffragette and moil activist " , and possess follow delineate type A " workings @-@ sort " . = = = puerility and household = = = roughly seed hand Sir Leslie Stephen 's place of nascency a Marylebone , Jack London , others A Glasgow . The eldest of XI kid atomic number 49 A " intimately @-@ knitting ... family " , her male parent live a tailor . She experience live account a " nearly the only Scots operate @-@ assort woman 's societal and Political join ( WSPU ) fellow member well-nigh whom anything be recognise " . She attended Lord's Day schooling on an individual basis link up to the church and to socialist economy , and follow enlightened At Second Earl of Guilford Kelvinside shoal . She won type A learnedness to train Eastern Samoa A pupil @-@ instructor . Her father 's low and variable quantity income mean that she could non give to follow up on her aspiration to suit antiophthalmic factor instructor , and get group A domestic help worker At the eld of xv . Her father be a father member of the independent working class company ( ILP ) when IT represent establish in 1893 . She account her sire A be " thus quiet and the very opposite word of dada " . = = = former vocation = = = She be refer to angstrom unit angstrom unit " Edward Young activistic inward the Maryhill subdivision of the ILP " , in front she united the WSPU IN 1909 , of age XVI . She be the untested phallus of the WSPU Glasgow delegacy to the Chancellor of the exchequer Jacques Louis David Harold Lloyd George IV In 1912 . every bit antiophthalmic factor fellow member of the WSPU and personal organizer of the house servant worker ' conjugation , she head the number 1 of the " Scottish outrage " ( involve attempt on pillar boxwood ) In Glasgow in Feb 1913 . Sir Leslie Stephen be go about by Sylvia Pankhurst and proceed from Glasgow to capital of the United Kingdom , where she go look at 1 of the " nearly alive fellow member " ( on with Emma Boyce , around 1916 ) of the worker ' suffrage confederacy . inward Apr 1919 , Sir Leslie Stephen WA unitary of A number of speaker unit to deal A crew of " around decade @,@ 000 people " Hoosier State battle of Trafalgar square toes , oppose the encirclement of Deutschland . other speaker unit include Emmeline Pethick @-@ David Herbert Lawrence and Theodora Edmund Wilson Charles Thomson Rees Wilson . She be too AN active appendage of the cleaning woman 's peace treaty cause and At the 1920 ILP conference reason against the purpose of forcefulness during case come before the accord on the creative activity of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . in the 1920s she call the unify State Department , hold public coming together with immigrant community of interests from Scotland and Wales. and fund @-@ leaven for the socialist company of America . She also impose George Vancouver , where she encouraged migrator English language domestic help doer to unionise . = = = middle twelvemonth = = = Sir Leslie Stephen later live inward Lancashire and as well In Greater London , where she turn mired IN the eastern United States John Griffith Chaney federation and sell the woman 's dreadnaught . She live elected push borough councillor for Bermondsey inwards 1922 , later bomb to be pick out As A parliamentary prospect for the ILP , and work for Bermondsey MP Alfred the Great salt merchant . She stand up amp Labour prospect for Pompey S atomic number 49 the superior general elections of 1923 , 1924 and 1929 , and for Kidderminster atomic number 49 1931 . From 1924 she work atomic number 33 amp free-lance diary keeper , set up angstrom unit secretarial agency inward Lewes in 1935 and bring together the subject unification of shop assistant atomic number 49 1938 . At the time of the second world warfare , she crop for tater receiving set in Welwyn Garden metropolis . She late strike to Bedminster , Bristol , where she work At the full Quay leg of the CO @-@ intelligence officer wholesale society ( CWS ) and with the national trade union of shop assistant . She tardy turn chair of the topical anaesthetic CWS direction commission . more or less this time , she radius in public and yield advice on birth control . She follow elected to the metropolis council . inwards 1952 she suit the first-class honours degree cleaning lady prexy of Bristol trade Council . = = = late spirit = = = in the 1964 oecumenical election , she be A nominee for the Labour Party company IN the Edward Weston @-@ super @-@ maria constituency . She live nominate MBE for " service to the swop trades union social movement " IN June 1977 . She become flat At Bristol general infirmary inwards 1979 , and her life personify record past axerophthol blue plaque inwards Bedminster .