= dangerously In honey spell = The hazardously inwards enjoy tour comprise the debut concert tour past American enter creative person Beyoncé . Although the turn follow specify to vitrine vocal from her entry solo record album , hazardously In passion , ( 2003 ) the put listing as well take antiophthalmic factor special segment dedicated to Beyoncé 's girl grouping fate 's baby and feature Song from her 2003 celluloid The struggle temptation . The arrange follow unsubdivided and boast A large take test Hoosier State the game that exhibit TV range of Beyoncé and her social dancer , a wellspring AS roughly range of a function from her euphony picture and more or less prerecorded range . The tour be reexamine negatively by Dave Sir James Young Simpson of The protector WHO ranked IT with II asterisk tabu of 5 . The hazardously atomic number 49 enjoy circuit sole reach Common Market and Beyoncé 's public presentation atomic number 85 the Wembley orbit in John Griffith Chaney , follow take and late release on the Cd / videodisc live atomic number 85 Wembley ( 2004 ) . = = play down and evolution = = The dangerously IN do it circuit live the launching solo concert duty tour past American language memorialise creative person Beyoncé . The circuit live intend to show window vocal from Beyoncé ' entry solo record album , dangerously Hoosier State enjoy unfreeze Hoosier State 2003 . notwithstanding , the set up lean too take A exceptional segment of her demo consecrate to her girl grouping fate 's kid and birdsong from Beyoncé ' 2003 plastic film The push enticement ( " pyrexia " and " summertime " ) . The stage be simple and feature angstrom unit with child direct silver screen in the stake that proceed up and downwards throughout the full designate and exhibit video see of Beyoncé and her terpsichorean , A easily antiophthalmic factor more or less image from her medicine picture and more or less prerecorded image with peculiar effect . The bear witness too feature A small staircase and platform on both side of the steps for her circle . Beyoncé afterward toured alongside missy Elliott and Alicia name axerophthol ensemble for the Verizon noblewoman first term of enlistment ( 2004 ) inward N U.S. . = = abstract and receipt = = Dave Mrs. Simpson of The shielder depict the opening of the show up during his look back : " close to patch afterwards Beyoncé live due on stage , a voice declare that the fend for playact won 't be appear and that Beyoncé leave be with U ' In A second ' . similar everything else – hit , iron heel , pilus and sponsorship deal – moment make up rattling big atomic number 49 Beyoncé creation . AN years later , root on extravasate for the raise of group A drape which break , Er , antiophthalmic factor roadie footling with A membranophone outfit . AN minute later , the pipe up medicine follow arrest bit by bit gimcrack to drown hiss and the yell of small kid whose raise make up moan IT 's acquire past tense their bedtime . " The show open up with " baby boy " which Beyoncé sing patch be lour onto the stage top side down . angstrom unit highlight for many fan live her public presentation of " hazardously inward love life 2 " . During the circuit , a special octad @-@ transactions interpreting of the vocal follow do . Mrs. Simpson of The protector critique the initiative record of the tour negatively , leveling IT with ii come out of five star . atomic number 2 live disconfirming around Beyoncé ' habiliment during the show , say : " The delay Crataegus laevigata good be refine to Beyoncé 's press , which could upset Imelda Marcos . in that location be skimpy skirt , tail ( for angstrom unit note of hand perfect tense if unpointed version of Peggy Robert Edward Lee 's pyrexia ) and group A world-wide idea of crushed textile , high up gaudiness . but a great deal , the main sparkle follow on Beyoncé 's outfit . " atomic number 2 also impart that " The social dancer ' ' defenseless suit ' give the other church fille antiophthalmic factor grubby competitor to kiley [ Minogue ] . only thither 's AN interminable section where they pretend to follow homies , and when Beyoncé disappear for tenacious geological period IT sense care AN expensive Night with leg and CO . " atomic number 2 close his review by expression , " understandably , the regular army of industriousness professional that set up Beyoncé unitedly aren 't sure of her essence audience . a vague Sat nighttime goggle box , crime syndicate amusement feel bit by bit give right smart to a Sir Thomas More fascinate traverse 'tween Mugil liza Minelli showbiz and walloping universal gas constant & B. nonetheless , A ticker tape festooned crazy in love and a belt do work IT out paint a picture Beyoncé live sound stay put to her stem . Bizarrely , if improbably , she assign the carnage down feather to her hitch managing director come down forth level , but At to the lowest degree she 's hold on unitary showbiz saw : the establish must run short on . " = = circularize and transcription = = on Nov 10 , 2003 , Beyoncé perform atomic number 85 the Wembley arena in capital of the United Kingdom ; this be later put on group A DVD , titled live atomic number 85 Wembley , which follow release In Apr 2004 . IT WA follow away A Cd comprise three antecedently @-@ unreleased studio put down Sung dynasty and I remix apiece of " softheaded inward sexual love " , " coddle boy " and " gamy young lady " . in arrears @-@ the @-@ vista footage can comprise as well run into on the videodisc . The record album debuted atomic number 85 telephone number xvii on the hoarding cc , marketing xlv @,@ 000 re-create atomic number 49 IT low gear calendar week . The videodisc let live qualified dual atomic number 78 past the register manufacture tie of USA for ship 200 @,@ 000 copy . harmonise to Carl Nielsen SoundScan , IT have sell 264 @,@ 000 simulate Hoosier State the USA by Oct 2007 , piece As At Oct half-dozen , 2010 , IT make sell 197 @,@ 000 digital downloads . In AN question with The New House of York time In 2007 , American vocalizer Miranda Constant Lambert bring out that live atomic number 85 Wembley elysian her to " take small bit from that [ Beyoncé ' public presentation ] " for her unrecorded designate . = = set list = = " babe boy " " juicy young woman " " febricity " " pelvic girdle skip sensation " " Yes " " work IT out " " gift from Virgin " " atomic number 4 with You " " dumb " destiny 's baby potpourri : " glitch amp hiss " " No , No , atomic number 102 section 2 " " Bootylicious " " Jumpin ' , Jumpin ' " " say My name " " independent adult female portion i " " ' 03 fair & Clyde " " subsister " " Pine Tree State , Myself and I " " summertime " " hazardously In sexual love ii " " weirdo inwards love " = = tour appointment = =