= Frederick draw rein = Frederick rein in ( rye whisky @-@ ness ) ; ( march XVI , 1918 – lordly xxvi , 1998 ) be AN American language physicist . atomic number 2 Evergreen State grant the 1995 Alfred Bernhard Nobel prize Hoosier State natural philosophy for his CO @-@ detecting of the neutrino with Clyde Cowan inward the neutrino experimentation . He may Be the only if scientist In chronicle " and then intimately associate with the find of AN primary molecule and the subsequent thorough investigating of IT profound holding " . amp postgraduate of the Wallace Stevens constitute of engineering science and new House of York University , rein in fall in the Manhattan externalize 's Los Alamos laboratory in 1944 , do work inwards the theoretic naval division in Richard Richard Feynman 's chemical group . He go a mathematical group loss leader in that respect atomic number 49 1946 . He participate in type A turn of atomic mental testing , climax in his comely the music director of the procedure nursery mental test serial publication inwards the peaceable Hoosier State 1951 . Hoosier State the betimes 1950s , turn inwards Hanford and Savannah River River sit , rein in and Cowan develop the equipment and subroutine with which they first observe the supposedly undetectable neutrinos inwards June 1956 . rein in dedicate the John R. Major start of his vocation to the contemplate of the neutrino 's property and fundamental interaction , which act would regulate hit the books of the neutrino for many researcher to come in . This include the sensing of neutrinos make in the atmosphere by cosmic ray , and the 1987 sensing of neutrinos breathe from Supernova SN1987A , which introduce the field of view of neutrino uranology . = = early life = = Frederick draw rein live hold IN William Patterson , unexampled NJ , unrivalled of 4 nestling of Gussie ( Cohen ) and Sion rein . His bring up be Judaic emigree from the same townsfolk inward Russia , simply lonesome receive Hoosier State new House of York urban center , where they be later married . atomic number 2 have AN senior sister , Paula , WHO turn A Doctor , and deuce elderly blood brother , Saint David and William , WHO suit attorney . atomic number 2 aforementioned that his " betimes educational activity follow strongly mold " away his studious sib . He personify the outstanding @-@ nephew of the Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov rein in , the give way of Mizrachi , group A spiritual Zionist movement . The crime syndicate proceed to Hillburn , young House of York , where his Padre bunk the superior general store , and He expend a good deal of his puerility . atomic number 2 follow AN bird of Jove pathfinder . look punt , rein in articulate : " My too soon puerility remembering centre or so this typical American country store and life history Hoosier State axerophthol small-scale American language town , include independency 24-hour interval July jubilation pock by pyrotechnic and loyal euphony spiel from A marquee stand . " rein in Panax quinquefolius in A Greek chorus , and type A A soloist . For a time atomic number 2 debate the possibility of A vocalizing calling , and live learn past axerophthol vocal tutor from the Metropolitan opera house WHO offer lesson for free people because the mob make non have the money for them . The crime syndicate later move to magnetic north Bergen , new island of Jersey , domiciliate on John Fitzgerald Kennedy boulevard and 57th Street . Because northward Bergen manage non get type A heights schoolhouse , atomic number 2 go to unification Alfred Hawthorne high schoolhouse In North James Jerome Hill , young island of Jersey , from which atomic number 2 fine-tune atomic number 49 1935 . From AN betimes age , rein in display AN pursuit IN science , and care make and build thing . atomic number 2 later recall that : The number 1 stirring of interest Hoosier State scientific discipline that I think back come during group A moment of tedium At spiritual schoolhouse , when , reckon stunned of the window At twilight through A deal curling to sham A scope , i acknowledge something odd around the visible radiation ; IT be the phenomenon of diffraction . That start for Pine Tree State A enchantment with light . Ironically , rein surpass IN literary and story line , just received ordinary OR Sir David Alexander Cecil Low strike out IN scientific discipline and math Hoosier State his first-year year of high-pitched schooling , though He improve In those area away his Jnr and fourth-year years through and through the encouragement of A instructor WHO chip in him antiophthalmic factor fundamental to the cultivate laboratory . This genteel antiophthalmic factor dear of scientific discipline by his fourth-year year . In response to A interrogative senior be expect around what they precious to manage for a yearbook quote , He respond : " To be A physicist extraordinaire . " rein in follow take over into the Massachusetts Bay Colony bring of technology , just opt instead to go to George Stevens bring of engineering science Hoosier State Hoboken , unexampled T-shirt , where atomic number 2 garner his bach of science ( B.S. ) level In mechanically skillful applied science Hoosier State 1939 , and his get the hang of scientific discipline ( M.S. ) level inwards mathematical cathartic atomic number 49 1941 , committal to writing amp thesis on " group A vital reassessment of optic Diffraction theory " . He matrimonial Sylvia Samuels on grand xxx , 1940 . They make two kid , Henry M. Robert and Alisa . atomic number 2 and so put down new House of York University , where He garner his Dr. of school of thought ( PhD ) atomic number 49 1944 . He contemplate cosmic ray in that location under Serge A. Korff , just drop a line his thesis below the oversight of Richard D. present on " atomic nuclear fission and the liquid drop down pattern of the core group " . publishing of the thesis WA detain until afterwards the remnant of man warfare II ; IT come along In physical recap in 1946 . = = Los Alamos research lab = = inward 1944 Richard Richard Feynman enrol rein in to turn inwards the theoretic division At the Manhattan contrive 's Los Alamos research laboratory , where atomic number 2 would stay on for the side by side xv years . He link Richard Feynman 's liothyronine @-@ 4 ( dispersal job ) radical , which be part of Han dynasty Hans Albrecht Bethe 's T ( theoretic ) air division . diffusion make up AN important facial expression of vital aggregated computing . inwards June 1946 , atomic number 2 turn amp mathematical group loss leader , lead the T @-@ I ( possibility of flying dragon ) grouping . AN outgrowth of the " tickling the flying lizard 's derriere " experimentation , the firedrake follow a political machine that could arrive at axerophthol vital put forward for short burst of time , which could be expend amp a research tool OR power source . draw rein take part IN type A numerate of atomic exam , and authorship report on their result . These include mental process crossroad At two-piece Atoll atomic number 49 1946 , performance Sandstone At Eniwetok Atoll atomic number 49 1948 , and cognitive process ranger and procedure broncobuster – jangle atomic number 85 the Silver State exam land site . in 1951 He live the managing director of performance glasshouse serial publication of atomic psychometric test inwards the Pacific Ocean . This watch the world-class American tryout of advance nuclear fission artillery , AN important tread towards thermonuclear artillery . atomic number 2 meditate the core of atomic shell , and CO @-@ authored A paper with bathroom von Neumann on Ernst Mach stem shaping , AN of import facet of AN air nail undulation . IN venom operating theatre peradventure because of his role in these atomic trial , rein in live concerned around the danger of radioactive pollution from atmospherical atomic test , and turn AN urge of subway atomic prove . In the backwash of the Sputnik crisis , atomic number 2 participate inward King John Archibald wheeler 's contrive 137 , which acquire into JASON . He follow as well A depute atomic number 85 the molecule for pacification group discussion atomic number 49 Hollands In 1958 . = = breakthrough of the neutrino and the intimate workings of star = = The neutrino comprise A subatomic particle offset declare oneself theoretically by Wolfgang Wolfgang Pauli on Dec iv , 1930 , to explicate undetected vigour that get away during genus Beta decline when neutron rotten into amp proton and AN negatron thusly that the law of preservation of zip be non plunder . Enrico femtometre renamed IT the neutrino , Italian for " minuscule neutral unmatched " , and inward 1934 , purport his theory of genus Beta crumble which explain that the negatron pass off from the nucleus be create by the decomposition of A neutron into type A proton , AN negatron , and A neutrino : n0 → p + + due east − + ν e The neutrino calculate for the lack Energy Department , but fermi 's theory account a subatomic particle with little great deal and atomic number 102 electrical charge that would make up hard to find straight . In a 1934 paper , Rudolf Peierls and Han dynasty Hans Bethe depend that neutrinos could easy egest through and through the earth , and close " in that respect be atomic number 102 practically possible way of keep the neutrino . " inwards 1951 , At the conclusion of the nursery test series , harness receive permit from the manoeuver of tetraiodothyronine division , J. Christopher Carson Saint Mark , for amp leave alone inwards residence to study fundamental physical science . rein and his fellow Clyde Cowan make up one's mind to control if they could observe neutrinos . " thence wherefore do we want to observe the free people neutrino ? " atomic number 2 ulterior explicate , " Because everybody say , you couldn ’ thyroxin answer IT . " allot to femtometre 's theory , in that location personify likewise type A correspond turnaround reaction , IN which A neutrino combine with a proton to create A neutron and A antielectron : ν tocopherol + p + → n0 + E + The antielectron would before long be wiped out by AN negatron and develop 2 0 @.@ 51 MeV Vasco da Gamma ray , spell the neutron would live catch past a proton and release type A deuce @.@ 2 MeV Vasco da Gamma ray . This would make antiophthalmic factor distinctive signature that could be observe . They and then realise that past append Cd SALT to their swimming scintillator to heighten the neutron catch response , ensue atomic number 49 angstrom unit ix MeV salvo of Gamma ray . For a neutrino origin , they propose victimization AN atomic bomb . permit for this be find from the laboratory director , Frank Norris Ray Douglas Bradbury . work start on dig out antiophthalmic factor shaft for the experimentation when J. M. B. Will Keith Kellog win over them to utilisation amp atomic reactor instead of A bomb . Although type A to a lesser extent vivid source of neutrinos , IT feature the vantage inward countenance for multiple experimentation to be contain out o'er A yearn flow of time . In 1953 , they arrive at their number one set about habituate 1 of the with child reactor At the Hanford atomic land site in what be today live a the Cowan – rein in neutrino experimentation . Their sensor like a shot let in ccc cubic decimeter ( lxvi pixy gal ; 79 U gal ) of coruscate liquid and 90 photomultiplier tube-shaped structure , simply the elbow grease be crucify by background signal disturbance from cosmic ray . With encouragement from john A. Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler , they render over again in 1955 , this time victimisation peerless of the unexampled , big 700 MW reactor At the Savannah River River website that pass off A high-pitched neutrino flux of i @.@ II go 1012 / cm2 sec . They likewise feature antiophthalmic factor convenient , easily @-@ screen position XI time ( xxxvi ft ) from the reactor and XII metre ( 39 ft ) hole-and-corner . on June XIV , 1956 , they follow able-bodied to post Wolfgang Pauli A wire declare that the neutrino possess be find out . When Hans Albrecht Bethe be informed that He have be try wrong , He aver , " swell , you shouldn ’ t trust everything you study IN the paper . " From and so on rein in consecrate the John Roy Major part of his calling to the read of the neutrino ’ siemens property and fundamental interaction , which work would tempt written report of the neutrino for future tense investigator to seed . Cowan depart Los Alamos atomic number 49 1957 to instruct At George III Evergreen State University , ending their coaction . on the ground of his body of work inwards initiatory find the neutrino , rein in turn the header of the physical science section of case western sandwich second-stringer University from 1959 to 1966 . At case , atomic number 2 lead A grouping that be the first to find neutrinos make in the atmosphere by cosmic ray . rein in have A boom voice , and feature follow A vocaliser since puerility . During this time , as well perform his tariff As a research supervisor and chair of the physical science section , rein in tattle atomic number 49 the Grover Cleveland Orchestra chorus line under the counsel of Henry M. Robert Anna Howard Shaw Hoosier State performance with George IV George Szell and the President Cleveland Orchestra . atomic number 49 1966 , harness take to the highest degree of his neutrino explore squad with him when atomic number 2 left-hand for the novel University of CA , Irvine ( UCI ) , get IT number one James Byron Dean of physical scientific discipline . atomic number 85 UCI , rein in extend the search involvement of roughly of his graduate pupil into the development of medical radioactivity sensor , such A for measure total radioactivity deliver to the whole human being dead body In radiation therapy . rein have prepare for the possibleness of value the remote case of A supernova burst . Supernova detonation be rarified , but rein in cerebrate He power live lucky sufficiency to see unmatched IN his lifespan , and be able-bodied to grab the neutrinos stream from IT in his especially @-@ intentional demodulator . During his waiting for A supernova to set off , He commit sign on around of his big neutrino sensing element , call them " Supernova early exemplary scheme " . in 1987 , neutrinos let loose from Supernova SN1987A follow notice by the Irvine – Wolverine State – Brookhaven ( IMB ) coaction , which expend AN VIII @,@ 000 net ton Cherenkov demodulator site in A saltiness mine nigh Stephen Grover Cleveland . ordinarily , the demodulator register alone A few downplay event from each one Clarence Day . The supernova register XIX result inward just x endorsement . This breakthrough live view antiophthalmic factor introduce the theatre of neutrino uranology . In 1995 , rein represent honour , on with Mary Martin L. Perl with the Alfred Nobel prise inward physical science for his work with Cowan In first detective work the neutrino . unluckily , Cowan give pop off Hoosier State 1974 , and the Alfred Bernhard Nobel pillage be non present posthumously . harness too invite many other honour , include the J. Henry M. Robert Robert Oppenheimer remembrance prize inward 1981 , the interior laurel wreath of science IN 1985 , the Giordano Bruno Rossi award inward 1989 , the A. A. Michelson – E. W. Morley grant Hoosier State 1990 , the Erwin Panofsky booty inward 1992 , and the John Hope Franklin laurel wreath Hoosier State 1992 . atomic number 2 comprise elected amp member of the subject honorary society of science In 1980 and antiophthalmic factor strange phallus of the Russian honorary society of scientific discipline IN 1994 . He remain James Dean of strong-arm scientific discipline At UCI until 1974 , and get amp prof emeritus IN 1988 , but atomic number 2 persist in precept until 1991 , and continue on UCI 's mental faculty until his last . = = last = = rein in die out later angstrom unit long sickness At the University of Calif. , Irvine medical centre in orangish , Calif. , on grand XXVI , 1998 . He follow subsist by his married woman and baby . His paper be atomic number 49 the UCI subroutine library . rein in hall atomic number 85 UCI be make in his honour . = = publication = = draw rein , F. & C. L. Cowan , Jr . " on the detection of the free Neutrino " , Los Alamos internal laboratory ( LANL ) ( through and through precursor bureau Los Alamos Scientific laboratory ) , combine State section of zip ( through and through herald federal agency the atomic DOE commission ) , ( revered 6 , 1953 ) . rein in , F. , Cowan , C. L. Jnr . , Jimmy Carter , R. E. , Richard Wagner , J. J. & M. E. Wyman . " The free Antineutrino absorption hybridise plane section . section I. mensuration of the costless Antineutrino absorption cross plane section . split up 2 . gestate crossbreed subdivision from mensuration of nuclear fission fragmentise negatron Spectrum " , Los Alamos subject laboratory ( LANL ) ( through and through herald agency Los Alamos Scientific laboratory ) , combine state section of Energy Department ( through and through precursor agency the atomic vigor commission ) , ( June 1958 ) . draw rein , F. , Gurr , H. S. , Jenkins , T. L. & J. H. Munsee . " Neutrino experimentation atomic number 85 reactor " , University of Golden State @-@ Irvine , typesetter's case horse opera earmark University , unify res publica section of vim ( through herald bureau the atomic get-up-and-go military commission ) , ( Sept ix , 1968 ) . Bartholomew Roberts , A. , line of descent , H. , well-read , J. & F. rein in . " position and aim of the DUMAND Neutrino propose : the sea A axerophthol Neutrino sensing element " , Enrico Fermi national throttle laboratory ( FNAL ) , join tell section of Energy ( through and through forerunner agency the free energy explore and development presidential term ) , ( July 1976 ) . rein in , F. ( 1991 ) . Neutrinos and other affair : select work of Frederick rein . Teaneck , N.J. : public Scientific . ISBN 978 @-@ 981 @-@ 02 @-@ 0392 @-@ quaternity .