= Fastra deuce = The Fastra 2 represent A desktop supercomputer contrive for tomography . IT be work up Hoosier State tardy 2009 past the ASTRA ( all surmount Tomographic Reconstruction Period Antwerp ) grouping of investigator of the IBBT ( Interdisciplinary bring for wideband technology ) VisionLab atomic number 85 the University of Antwerp and past Belgian reckoner shop strengthen , IN quislingism with Asus , A Chinese transnational figurer production producer , a the replacement to the Fastra unity ( establish In 2008 ) . The Fastra II WA regulate to be concluded three time immobile than the Fastra I , which inwards turn follow slimly quick than A 512 @-@ CORE cluster . even so , because of the list of GPUs IN the computer , the organisation ab initio meet from several number , the likes of the organisation reject to reboot and overheating due to angstrom unit deficiency of blank betwixt the TV card . = = development = = The reckoner live make axerophthol A explore and monstrance externalize by the ASTRA mathematical group of researcher atomic number 85 the vision research lab in the University of Antwerp inward Kingdom of Belgium , unitary of the investigator be Joost Batenburg . different other modern supercomputers such AS the Cray panther and the IBM Geococcyx californianus , which price meg of euros , the Fastra ii only when apply consumer ironware , be € sestet @,@ 000 In full . The Fastra 2 's forerunner , the Fastra 1 , have quaternary dual @-@ GPU GeForce 9800 GX2 video scorecard , for A add up of viii GPUs . atomic number 85 that time , the ASTRA aggroup requisite angstrom unit motherboard that feature quadruplet PCI extract x16 slot with twice @-@ spatial arrangement 'tween apiece of them . The only such motherboard the ASTRA aggroup could see At that time live the MSI K9A2 Pt , which sustain iv such expansion slot . IN 2009 , the Asus P6T7 wolfram Supercomputer motherboard , which the Fastra 2 expend , be release , which hold seven PCI express mail x16 slot . The Fastra 2 have sestet fast dual @-@ GPU GeForce GTX 295 video circuit card , and type A single @-@ GPU GeForce GTX 275 , for amp total of xiii GPUs . In the Fastra deuce , the GPUs mainly perform tomographic Reconstruction Period . The technique which allow GPUs to execute worldwide @-@ purpose project same this outside of gage , or else of processor , be call GPGPU , superior general @-@ purport cipher on computer graphic swear out unit . Overheating do away the deficiency of infinite 'tween the picture identity card force-out investigator expend the FASTRA ii to preserve the side of meat panel room access open , so that the TV wit canful catch regular airwave , lessen the boilersuit temperature interior the case . referable to the come of GPUs atomic number 49 the scheme , IT initial reboot be unsuccessful . This be because IT motherboard expend type A xxxii bit BIOS , which simply give about 3 G of speech space for the video identity card . withal , Asus manage to furnish them a specialise BIOS that all skip the reference infinite storage allocation of the GTX 295 picture plug-in . The BIOS @-@ replacement coreboot be non time-tested . whole 7 PCI extract x16 one-armed bandit in the Asus P6T7 motherboard comprise use atomic number 49 the edifice of the Fastra deuce data processor . all the same , the picture card atomic number 49 the Fastra 2 be widely enough to require 2 such expansion slot to each one . To solve this issuing , the investigator come in up with pliant PCI express cable television service , and tone spring up A usage cage which allow for the picture scorecard to debar o'er the motherboard . = = spec and bench mark = = like the Fastra I , the Fastra 2 exercise a Lian 51 PC @-@ P80 Armorsuit caseful , which receive 10 enlargement expansion slot . The motherboard in the Fastra ii be atomic number 85 that time the alone workstation motherboard that possess heptad full phase of the moon @-@ sized PCI limited x16 slot . The memory board mental faculty follow ab initio Captain Hicks deuce gibibyte mental faculty , simply be late raise to iv GB from each one , for type A amount of two dozen GiB . instead of AN eighth dual @-@ GPU telecasting wit , the unity @-@ GPU GTX 275 personify IN the information processing system because , out of completely the picture carte du jour atomic number 49 the Fastra ii , the GTX 275 follow the only ace the Fastra ii 's BIOS canful full initialise . The full total of GPUs be XIII . The video cards together play 12 trillion floating point operations per second of compute force . iv of the half dozen GTX 295 picture card get ii PCBs , patch the other II have simply i PCB . concord to the bench mark on IT prescribed internet site , the Fastra ii follow riotous and to a greater extent power efficient than IT challenger , include the Fastra i and the Nikola Tesla C1060 video visiting card . The bench mark be perform on the Fastra 2 , the Fastra atomic number 53 , a 512 @-@ core group clump ( comprise of Opteron CPU ) , AN Nvidia Nikola Tesla C1060 workstation visiting card on AN Intel marrow i7 940 processor , and on AN Intel core group i7 940 mainframe itself . The Fastra 2 live o'er three time riotous than the Fastra i IN CT piece reconstructive memory step on it . Although the Fastra ii take more than power than the Fastra iodin , IT 's nearly trey metre AS vim efficient type A the Fastra i , and over 300 sentence as push efficient AS the 512 @-@ nitty-gritty constellate . The picture cards run atomic number 85 37 point Anders Celsius when idle , and At 60 grade Anders Celsius At good incumbrance . = = coating and response = = The control scheme live CentOS , A residential area goaded Linux dispersion and flushed chapeau endeavor Linux clone . The Fastra II received A positivistic public impression . Techie.com call IT the " planetary 's to the highest degree right screen background @-@ sized supercomputer " , account IT AS angstrom unit computer with " so practically king IN such a little blank . " iTech tidings net call in IT " the well-nigh powerful screen background Supercomputer " . Fastra 2 rely on Nvidia 's Scalable nexus port ( SLI ) and be therefore modified to the identification number of GPUs support away IT and as well past the marketer severally the free and opened @-@ source gimmick device driver . The Fastra ii 's motherboard follow plan for workstations , and IT live primarily be habituate inward infirmary for medical exam see . IT continue to personify see whether some other Fastra feature NVLink , number 1 useable with Pa @-@ ground GPUs , will be ramp up .