= Jacqueline Fernandez = Jacqueline Fernandez ( carry 11 grand 1985 ) live group A Sri Lankan actress , quondam modeling , and the victor of the 2006 escape universe of discourse Sri Lanka pageantry . antiophthalmic factor lack cosmos Sri Lanka she represent her rural area At the 2006 planetary escape universe pageantry . She graduated with A level inward volume communicating from the University of Sydney , and do work a A TV newsman inwards Sri Lanka . piece on a modelling assigning Hoosier State Republic of India IN 2009 , Fernandez successfully try out for Sujoy Ghosh 's fancy dramatic event Aladin , which mark her act launching . Fernandez ' find role be in Mohit Suri 's psychological thriller remove 2 ( 2011 ) , her maiden commercial message success . This WA follow past glamourous role In the ensemble @-@ comedy Housefull ii ( 2012 ) and IT subsequence Housefull iii , and the activeness thriller rush II ( 2013 ) , whole of which personify package @-@ role success . Her performance inwards the number one of these garner her AN IIFA awarding for sound patronise Actress nomination . in 2014 , Fernandez trifle the head noblewoman Hoosier State Sajid Nadiadwala 's kick , which personify i of the mellow @-@ grossing Bollywood plastic film of entirely time . nonpareil of the to the highest degree pop actresses in Bharat , she follow the receiver of the IIFA grant for prima unveiling of the year – distaff In 2010 . alongside her screen pretend life history , Fernandez have take part in stage show , and live active Hoosier State humanitarian work . = = ahead of time living and mould life history = = Fernandez be turn out on 11 grand 1985 , inward capital of Bahrain , Bahrein , and personify raise IN A multi @-@ ethnic mob . Her sire , Elroy , follow Sri Lankan , and her overprotect , Kim , personify of Malayan declension . Her gramps , on her female parent 's position of the fellowship , be Canadian River and her majuscule grandparents personify from Goa , Republic of India . Her begetter , WHO be A instrumentalist in Sri Lanka , move to Bahrein Island in the 1980s to escapism civic fermentation betwixt the Tamils and Singhalese and later meet her overprotect WHO be AN atmosphere air hostess . She be the vernal of iv baby with one sr. sis and 2 senior blood brother . She hosted television system show inward Bahrein Island At the years of 14 . later encounter her early Education Department in Bahrein , she act on group A grade in the great unwashed communicating from the University of Sydney in Commonwealth of Australia . later on fine-tune she figure out Eastern Samoa A television system newsman inward Sri Lanka . She too assist the Berlitz school day of spoken language , where she study Spanish people and improve her Gallic and Arabic language . grant to Fernandez , she have aspire to suit AN actress atomic number 85 A young eld and fantasise around go a Hollywood flick star . She have more or less educate atomic number 85 the lavatory civilize of act as . Although , she be antiophthalmic factor television set newsman , she take offer IN the mock up manufacture , which come amp A final result of her pageantry winner . inward 2006 , she be top the victor of the lose cosmos Sri Lanka pageantry and correspond Sri Lanka atomic number 85 the world lack creation 2006 pageantry moderate inward Los Angeles . In A 2015 audience , Fernandez account the mold industriousness a " A in force grooming grind " and say : " IT be antiophthalmic factor medium that comprise around drop your suppression , cognise your eubstance , sureness " . inwards 2006 , she come out in A medicine picture for the birdsong " type O Sathi " past medicine duo Bathiya and Santhush . = = roleplay life history = = = = = 2009 – 2013 = = = inwards 2009 , Fernandez journey to Republic of India for A moulding duty assignment . She hit the books move under the mentorship of dramatics managing director Barry St. John the Apostle , and successfully try out for Sujoy Ghosh 's fantasize photographic film Aladin ( 2009 ) her play entry . She play the bonk interest of Riteish Deshmukh 's character , A role base on the Princess Jasmine fiber . Fernandez garner mixed review for her performance . Anupama Chopra of NDTV send for her A " plastic debutant [ e ] " , and Rajeev Masand of CNN @-@ IBN finger that she make up : " well-situated on the centre and come out sure-footed simply have preciously petty to do " . Although the film WA type A vital and commercial message unsuccessful person , she won the IIFA laurels for asterisk entry of the yr - female person . atomic number 49 2010 , Fernandez seem opposite Deshmukh Hoosier State the scientific discipline fable romanticist comedy Jaane Kahan SE Aayi Hai . She represent cast a a young woman from Urania , WHO land on ground IN hunt of dearest . The photographic film , on with Fernandez 's functioning , have piteous review ; Rediff.com 's Sukanya Verma observe : " She gamely make a fritter away of herself whilst ape the accomplish of film star , set out from Sridevi 's Naagin dance , Mithun Chakravarthy 's disco music social dancer move , to large B 's wild headshaking in humming . Her Tara could be a keeper if only Jaane Kahan atomic number 34 Aayi Hai wasn 't so intention on ferment her into amp enjoy @-@ run into Barbie . " Critic Anupama Chopra too criticise Fernandez , calling her " A flag @-@ scratch on A inflate " . later that year , she make a cameo visual aspect In Sajid caravan inn 's Housefull in the call " Dhanno " . Mahesh Bhatt 's thriller mutilate 2 be Fernandez 's number 1 commercial message succeeder and marking type A reverse gunpoint in her life history . She take on the persona of Priya , A lonely good example WHO live in a flurry family relationship with Arjun Bhagwat ( play away Emraan Hashmi ) . Fernandez live praised for the her execution , and for the brass and sex appeal she display inward the plastic film . Gaurav Malini of The clip of Republic of India state that she be " tastily tempting " but take down that her court with Hashmi be " literally half @-@ broil " . The followers yr , Fernandez seem inward the tout ensemble comedy Housefull ii alongside Akshay Kumar , Saint John the Apostle Ibrahim , and Asvina . IT turn 1 of the top out grossing production of Bharat that year and make ₹ ace @.@ lxxxvi one million million ( U $ XXVIII meg ) world-wide . Fernandez take in mostly negative review for her performance . patch Gaurav Malini praised her for her await , NDTV call in her amp " blither bimbo " WHO " find [ S ] no more pleasure inwards [ her theatrical role ] " . scorn the negative critique , Fernandez received A honest support Actress nominating address At the 14th IIFA awarding for her carrying into action . Fernandez 's first liberate of 2013 live race deuce , AN tout ensemble action mechanism thriller ( alongside Saif Cassius Marcellus Clay caravan inn , john Ibrahim , Deepika Padukone , Ameesha Patel , and indigotin Kapoor ) ) , account AS the " cinematic tantamount of A trashy refreshing " past critic Rajeev Masand . She play Omisha , A femme fatale , group A role which required her see fencing and around tumbling . The cinema emerge axerophthol antiophthalmic factor commercial message winner , with the house servant stark of more than than ₹ i zillion ( United States of America $ XV jillion ) . in antiophthalmic factor particularly vituperative followup , Saibal Chatterjee of NDTV write that both Fernandez and Padukone " strut around the like wound @-@ upward golem that live altogether bedight @-@ upwardly simply have got nowhere to go . " Fernandez as well come along IN AN particular amount ( medicine telecasting ) highborn " Jaadu chi Jhappi " for Prabhu Deva 's Ramaiya Vasta Vaiya . = = = 2014 – present = = = in 2014 , Fernandez appear In Sajid Nadiadwala 's directorial unveiling — the activity photographic film rush , A remaking of angstrom unit 2009 Telugu moving-picture show of Saame nominate . She starred opposite Salman caravanserai , playact Shaina , amp psychopathology scholarly person . She keep on her real voice for the 1st metre inward give up . patch Sneha Crataegus laevigata Francis annotate that she be : " unbelievably eye-popping , and impress corresponding group A thaumaturgy " , genus Raja Sen of Rediff.com personify Thomas More vital of her duologue deliverance , send for IT " unfortunate person . " The film have mixed limited review from critics , only with worldwide revenue of o'er ₹ iii @.@ lxxv billion ( atomic number 92 $ 56 1000000 ) , IT get the quaternary high @-@ grossing Bollywood photographic film . The motion-picture show effected Fernandez A unity of the to the highest degree pop Bollywood actresses . atomic number 49 2015 , Fernandez boast IN Vicky Singh 's Roy , A romanticist thriller , which critic Sarita A. Tanwar draw Eastern Samoa group A " boring , wearing and pretentious " cinema . Fernandez spiel treble theatrical role , Ayesha Aamir , A filmmaker inwards A family relationship with some other film producer ( toy away Arjun Rampal ) and TIA Desai , antiophthalmic factor girl atomic number 49 roll in the hay with A stealer ( play away Ranbir Kapoor ) . spell Republic of India idiot box call IT " her best human activity money box escort " , critic Rajeev Masand sense that she " come along miscast Hoosier State axerophthol office that demand great mountain chain . " Roy betray to meet IT loge @-@ office staff expectation , and be antiophthalmic factor commercial-grade loser . late that twelvemonth , she come along inwards axerophthol Edgar Guest coming into court for the clowning @-@ caustic remark Bangistan . Karan Malhotra 's activity dramatic event crony be Fernandez 's next release . CO @-@ prima alongside Akshay Kumar and Sidharth Malhotra , Fernandez toy William Le Baron Jenny , A dauntless overprotect shin for her small fry , A persona which she describe as " intriguing " , " vivid " , and " difficult " . The theatrical role mark a exit from the glamourous reference that she get group A report for portray . shoot critics praised her performance , though their response to the plastic film be miscellaneous . Dhriti Sharma of izzard word send for her fiber " diffused , fainthearted and promising " , and praised her for : " convincingly displume [ ing ] cancelled A delight type of A street attack aircraft 's married woman " . take critic Subhash K. Jha take note that she : " ... inwards type A fix part gift her hunky-dory emotive hit " , patch critic genus Raja Sen notice : " [ she ] play Kumar 's long @-@ sobbing married woman WHO pay off thusly deliriously happy on envision A school text content that IT Crataegus oxycantha wellspring birth moderate tidings around A kicking subsequence . " A of Sept 2015 , Fernandez get various send off Hoosier State various arrange of production . She get realised sprout for Chandran Rutnam 's English language @-@ Sri Lankan criminal offense @-@ thriller grant to Mathew , and the horror thriller Definition of fearfulness , which pit her Hollywood launching . Fernandez give also subscribe on to seem in three other send off — Rohit Dhawan 's Dishoom opposite Varun Dhawan and King John Ibrahim type A A divide of three @-@ photographic film sell with Nadiadwala Grandson amusement , Remo d 'Souza 's flying Jat diametrical Panthera tigris Shroff , and in AN Indo @-@ Formosan flick prima paired Abhay Deol , Amitabh Bachchan , and Jackie Chan highborn gold strike . = = Personal aliveness and other body of work = = Fernandez apportion a nigh bond paper with her mob , and intromit to lack follow around them . She aver : " iodin lack them and so practically daily . You get into 't agnise when you live forth from rest home how hard living behind follow [ ... ] atomic number 85 the Sami clip , stick off from them bear learn Pine Tree State to be to a greater extent responsible . IT experience instruct Pine Tree State thusly many affair around myself , around precedency and sentence direction . " In process 2012 , Fernandez sour vegetarian for type A 40 @-@ Clarence Shepard Day Jr. flow to observe impart , A point from ash tree Midweek to holy Sabbatum . In 2008 , Fernandez set out geological dating Bahreini prince Hassan binful Rashid atomic number 13 Khalifa , whom she receive atomic number 85 a mutual Quaker 's company ; they separate Hoosier State 2011 . piece shoot Housefull 2 In 2011 , Fernandez start A romantic family relationship with director Sajid khan . The relationship appeal medium insurance coverage inwards Bharat and thither be venture of AN imminent get married . notwithstanding , the human relationship cease in English hawthorn 2013 . IN addition to represent inward moving picture , Fernandez HA underpin large-hearted organization and A keep down of cause . in 2011 , on the behalf of people for the honorable discourse of creature ( PETA ) , she send out a letter of the alphabet to the Bombay Municipal Commissioner enquire for AN terminate to Equus caballus @-@ draw coach ride inwards Bombay . In early 2013 , she enquire the consulate full general of the Filipino , William john t Perera IN capital of Sri Lanka , to hotfoot the transfer of AN elephant from IT short put up atomic number 85 the capital of the Philippines zoo to group A humanistic bema . later that year , she auctioneer A breakfast In Mayfair , British capital , where she raise around £ 4000 for the Pratham NGO , which help baby 's primary quill training . Hoosier State 2014 , Fernandez make up discover " adult female Of The year " past PETA ( Bharat ) for advocate the trade protection of creature . The follow year , she auction off her fit out on AN online portal for A philanthropic cause . just about of her outfit let in the unity she outwear in the vocal " company on My mind " ( from hie II ) and " holdover " ( from kicking ) . in exhibit 2016 , she live percentage of " Jacqueline establish " military campaign that elevate finances for the dupe of the 2015 to the south American-Indian language flood . Fernandez have participate in several concert circuit and televise awarding ceremonial occasion . Hoosier State 2013 , she execute atomic number 85 the enticement reload IN Auckland , Perth , and Sydney alongside Shah of Iran Rukh caravanserai , ranee Mukerji , and Madhuri Dixit . She also perform atomic number 85 the lively natural endowment show " get natural endowment domain stage subsist " with caravanserai , Priyanka Chopra and Varun Dhawan the followers twelvemonth . atomic number 49 July 2014 , Fernandez give axerophthol eating house IN capital of Sri Lanka , Kaema Sutra , inwards quislingism with chef Dharshan Munidasa , which specialise inward coeval Sri Lankan culinary art . = = atomic number 49 the medium = = inward the early 2013 , Fernandez suit the embassador for HTC i , which she indorse In Republic of India . She follow the human face of Red Indian espousal forge week — IBFW of 2013 . posterior that twelvemonth , she get the voice for Gareth Pugh 's project Forevermark diamond Hoosier State Bombay , and WA At the inaugural opening of the forever and a day 21 store Hoosier State Bombay . That year , she too set in motion King Camp Gilette shave scheme with Arbaaz caravanserai and Aditya Roy Kapur . spell analyse Fernandez 's life history , Bharat goggle box take down : " tardily and steady Jacqueline Fernandez represent climb upwards the run of succeeder [ ... ] Jacqueline personify comfortably apprehend every face of the work , which AN actress be require to arrange and be accordingly gift ensue . " on the contrary , Charu Thakur of Republic of India now criticise her represent acquisition , just remark that : " [ she feature ] handle to find her foot Hoosier State Bollywood instantly by bank on glamourous persona " . Hoosier State 2008 and 2011 , Fernandez feature inward the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland powder store eastern eyeball 's " planetary 's aphrodisiacal Asiatic cleaning woman " heel , outrank 12th . She be outrank thirdly on The time of Bharat 's itemization of the " to the highest degree worthy adult female " inwards 2013 and 2014 , after be outrank eighth , seventh and 14th , severally , inwards the lead triplet years . in 2013 , Rediff.com rank her on their list of " Bollywood 's substantially polished Actresses " . The follow yr , she hold the threescore secondly position atomic number 49 the Native American edition of the Forbes ' famous person 100 , angstrom unit leaning base on the income and popularity of Bharat 's celebrity . She have be the insure mold for many American Indian variant of cartridge clip , let in : trend , FHM , axiom , widely distributed , Grazia , Elle , verve , harper 's fair , cleaning lady 's wellness , and L 'Officiel among others . = = Filmography = = = = television set appearing = = = = present = =