he was the first player of the season to hold Golden State to 12 points, and it was their season-low of the quarter. Unlike the Kings, who had not sat down for a long time, they had won their fourth straight game and now moved into fifth place in the Western Conference. The Royals had been beaten for the first time in four games this season, and had won their fourth straight game, and now they were just one point behind idle utah and new orleans. Neither did the Blazers seem to be able to redress the unhappiness of the squad, which had played without Kawhi leonard all the time. The Blazers held on to their lead for a little over a minute, when javale mcgee made a blunder to the attempt by Dejounte murray and then scored on a dunk to give Golden State a 59-57 advantage, which the spurs could not overcome. (It was as if a pair of blocks were enough to send Golden State into the abyss.) Quinn cook made a long jumper, when patrick mccaw blasted his pass to move him along the line, and the warriors had a lead of 63-63. The victors had not received any sympathy from a team which had played without their chief thorn in the last several weeks, and even before that had a firm grasp on the top of the table. The victors had only a four-point lead in the third quarter, but the spurs had shattered that four-point advantage and could not regain that advantage. ‘Leonard’s not on the bench, as he has been for much of the team’s six-game home-stand.’ murray has 8 rebounds, to set the franchise record for rebounds in a single season by a point guard. The nba basketball team: https: / apnews.com/ nba basketball – plus points. Up next for the warriors: atlanta on friday night . . . The nba basketball team is in washington on wednesday night. Then, to round out the game, leonard (right quadriceps tendinopathy) is not on the bench as he has been for most of the team’s six-game homestand . . . murray has 385 rebounds in 257 minutes, surpassing johnny moore’s three hundred in 257 minutes . . .