To gain more influence, north dakota is invested in kennedy’s talents and connections, qualities which kennedy is expected to employ in raising tens or hundreds of millions of dollars for the university. To reach those goals, north dakota’s investment will have more than paid off . . . and if the event coordinator helps kennedy to succeed, the state will have spent its money wisely there too. why is kennedy himself among the highest paid public servants in north dakota? simply because kennedy’s salary is a lever. Further, critics can hurt their position by putting it off as “bartender.” a glance at the job description makes the point clear: it is an important, even important position. As a matter of fact, it is quite understandable that with every und staffer and student whom he deals with, his decision about who will be hired will be second-guessed. They are watching and will be able to find out what the administration has to say—not only in terms of salary but also in terms of reputation and strength. Indeed, kennedy must realize that the salary of kennedy is a strategic tool that the president can use to raise tens or even hundreds of millions of dollars for the university. “It is in this way that kennedy’s considerable salary serves as a tool for selling its reputation and its strength. A glance at the description of the position clearly sets the record straight. The job description contains more than fifty positions in which “returning guests” is the only one. The other duties include “attending official events” and “associating and coordinating all the staff of the President and Yes, but altruism was already generating very good comments, but these comments were much more understanding of the way the leaders reacted to altruism, not just for the sake of it. That was how the headline in the next day’s Herald newspaper read: “Ah! altruism tightens its belt, senior leaders are taking a pay cut until the end of 2013” – this was how the headline in the Herald Tribune read: “Ah! altruism tightens its belt, senior leadership is cutting down their salary until the end of 2013 ... ”