= hellblazer = hellblazer ( also known as john constantine , hellblazer ) is an american contemporary horror comic book series , originally published by dc comics , and published by the vertigo imprint since march 1993 when the imprint was introduced . its central character is the streetwise detective john constantine , who was created by alan moore and stephen r . bissette , and first appeared as a supporting character in the pages of the swamp thing # 37 ( june 1985 ) , during that creative team ' s run of that title . hellblazer has been published monthly since january 1988 , and is dc ' s longest running title , the longest ongoing publication from the imprint ' s inception . in 2013 , the series ended with issue 63 , and has been replaced by a dc universe title , constantine . best known for its political and social commentary , the series has spawned a film adaptation , television series , novels , multiple spin @ - @ titles and merchandise . the series was the longest @ - @ series and one of the most successful titles of dc ' s vertigo imprint , and was the stepping stone to mainstream british comics . other writers who have contributed to the series include jamie delano , garth ennis , terry jenkins , warren ellis , grant morrison , neil gaiman , mike carey , andy diggle , and peter milligan . hellblazer was one of the first mainstream american science fiction works and has influenced the series to date . = = production values = = following negative critical reaction to john constantine ' s appearance in the comic book series swamp thing , where he had been created by alan moore during his run of the series , the character was given his own comic book series in 1988 . the series was originally to carry the title hellraiser , but this title was rejected for publication due to the commercial success of clive barker ' s unrelated film of the same name . the writer jamie delano was , in his own words , " fairly ambivalent " about the choice of title . the initial creative team was writer jamie delano and artist john ridgway , with dave mckean providing distinctive painted and collage art . delano introduced a british accent to the character , about which he said : " . . . generally i was interested in commenting on british culture . that was where i came from , that was america , and i wanted to impress everybody . " the series , originally published as a monthly dc universe title , became a vertigo title with the imprint ' s launch in march 1993 ( issue # 63 of the series ) .in december 2011 , it was announced that this would join dc rebirth in being released digitally on the same day as the print release , starting in january 2012 . = = = artist personnel = = = many writers had long runs on the series , such as garth ennis and peter carey , who respectively had the second - and third @ - @ longest runs on the series , ( just behind peter milligan ) . other writers who wrote for the series include paul jenkins , warren ellis , brian azzarello , neil gaiman , grant morrison , denise mina , and peter milligan . numerous artists worked on the series as well , such as stan ridgway ( the original series artist ) , simon bisley , mark buckingham , richard corben , steve dillon , marcelo frusin , jock , david lloyd , carlos manco , and sean phillips . other artists include dave mckean ( who designed the first half of the series ' covers ) , tim bradstreet ( who designed the second ) , glenn fabry , brian miller , david lloyd , and sean phillips . = = = the comics = = = = = writer and protagonist = = = hellblazer was set in a fictional world , albeit a world of chaos and constant conflict behind the scenes . although issue 14 made a passing reference to superheroes , the series since became its own fictional universe in which the supernatural or magic did not play a large role in the lives of most ordinary people , and in earth @ - @ threatening , no superhero ##es were shown or hinted at , suggesting that superheroes no longer existed there . however , some dc comics characters — , and the other supernatural , such as zatanna , the phantom stranger , shade , the changing man , dream of the dead , and swamp thing made appearances . john constantine , the main character of hellblazer , was portrayed as a sort of confidence man and occult ##ist who did morally questionable things , often for the greater good . he often triumphed through guile , deceit , and manipulation , but often made more enemies in the process than he intended . indeed , it was a recurring theme in the series that constantine was unable to make any lasting changes or exploit his victories . while often acting for the good of mankind , he was often manipulative and a difficult person to have as a leader , as the lives and lives of those around him were often involved in his misadventures . he took measures to protect himself from any confrontation , but his friends andthey were often endangered in order to get at him . the ghosts of his friends haunted him , individually or with an entourage of ghosts . constantine made appearances in several comic book stories , such as crisis on infinite earth , infinite crisis , green arrow , green lantern , the flash , lucifer , and shade , the invisible man . he was a recurring supporting character in the swamp thing and the web of magic throughout their numerous incarnations . some attempts to use the character in other superhero or other @ - @ friendly stories were altered according to his mandate , such as " gregori eilovotich ##os " in constantine and captain atom ( who referred to him as " an old bumbler from russia " ) . grant morrison created " willoughby kipling " for doom patrol after being refused constantine by marvel , changing his name to that of richard e grant in withnail and i , following which phil foglio was forced to create " ambroise constantine " in stanley and his friends , having been refused both constantine and willoughby kipling . john constantine was reintroduced into the dc universe in 2011 , appearing in the brightest day crossover event title search for the swamp thing , and in the 2012 the new 52 title justice league dark . = = = 1988 – 1991 : jamie delano ( # 1 – 40 , # 43 ) = = = having previously worked on j . r . & quinch for 2000 ad , a strip made famous by john constantine ' s creator alan moore , delano was asked to write the character ' s first run in his own comic by then editor karen berger in 1988 . delano ' s run was marked by his political satire , drawing on many 1980s and 1990s tropes such as with wealthy people being his enemies , and constantine meeting with mps from the houses of parliament . he also had environmentalist issues brought up , especially in " the fear factor " ( issues # 15 @ - @ 22 ) , where john fell in with a radical group of environmental activists . however , editor karen berger blamed on delano ' s departure the fact that his final decision was made in the event that margaret thatcher was forced out of office . there were five main stories in the series . the first , collected as " original sin " , dealt with constantine travelling to america to fight a demon , mnemoth , and join a religious cult known as damnation ' s gate , crossing paths with a demon named satan ( from whom he gains demon blood ) , and having to fightand for killing an old friend , gary lester , and betraying another , named john , in the process . the final four issues , " the devil you know " , explain john ' s quest to save a young woman , astra , from a fire in newcastle , an event that left him temporarily insane and imprisoned in an area known as ravenscar , and has haunted him to the comic ' s end . he eventually discovers that the demon responsible for this is constantine , and uses a clever scheme to defeat him , and send him back to hell . it also contains a crossover with swamp thing , where constantine loses his body while the swamp thing uses it to escape . this was followed by a lengthy nine @ - @ issue story arc , " the fear machine " , revolving around a masonic plot to collect john ' s fears , in order to resurrect a cthulhian god known as juntakillokian , and his attempts to prevent this with the help of environmentalists , including mercury , a young psychic girl , and marj , her mother , with whom he becomes romantically involved . the last regular issue of delano ' s run was " the invisible man " , which differs from the main storyline of the series thus far in that john ' s nemesis is not supernatural ( in an early metafictional crossover with a fictional character ) , but a former magician turned serial killer . john ' s ethical quandary as to whether death is ever acceptable , and his coping with the death of his father , thomas , frames this story . during this run of the series , grant morrison ( issues # 25 & 26 ) and neil gaiman ( issue # 27 ) both came out during the stand @ - @ month arc , with morrison ' s story dealing with his fear , and neil gaiman ' s being a simple romantic love story . delano ' s run ended with " the golden age " , where john is reunited with marj and mercury , who help him discover that he murdered his genetically perfect twin in the womb , culminating in an extended flashback , in which we are shown what would have happened had the other twin been in his place . during his run , there was also a stand @ - @ month issue , the hellblazer annual # 1 , about john ' s life , and also the video to john ' s punk band , the ##head ' s song " venus of the hardsell " . jamie delano contributed to the title on several occasions . between the garth ennis and craig jenkins runson hellblazer , he also wrote the story of how john ' s best friend chas ' saved ' him , and he returned again for one of the five new stories in issue # 250 . he also wrote the mini series the horrorist in 1995 , and bad blood in 2000 , both featuring john constantine . a more substantial return was made in 2010 for the new graphic novel hellblazer : pandemonium with artist harris to celebrate the 50th anniversary of john constantine ' s first appearance in swamp thing . = = = 1991 – 1999 : garth ennis ( # 81 – 83 , # 129 – 133 ) and terry jenkins ( # 89 – 128 ) = = = = writer garth ennis first took over the title in 1991 , moving from 2000 ad , where he had been working on judge dredd . he proceeded to write the longest run for any writer of the title . his take on the character was more mature than jamie delano ' s , with john ' s powers coming to the fore . it also had a more personal theme , with john ' s relationship with the first of the fallen , and other storylines , such as the relationship between an angel , tali , and a female demon , ellie , would go on to be used again as a major plot point in preacher , one of his most popular series . it also references the music of the pogues and the poetry of brendan behan , both of these being references to ennis ' irish heritage . his run ended with " dangerous habits " ( 62 @ - @ 67 ) , which was the basis for the 2005 film preacher , and dealt with john constantine battling brain cancer , and the desperate deal he makes with the first of the fallen , and the other lords of hell , to save himself . in the course of trying to save himself , john visits ireland , where he becomes reacquainted with kit ryan , an old friend . the following six issues follow the early stages of his relationship with kit , the plot to put a demon on the irish throne , the plotline " bad blood " , and in the final issue # 62 , his first meeting with the queen of the vampires . one major arc in this run ( issue # 51 ) was written by guest writer john smith . the next major arc , " fear and loathing " ( # 62 @ - @ 67 ) was the high point of john ' s personal life , with his relationship with kit as well , and a fortieth birthday party where his friends ellie , zatanna , and theswamp thing attend , and uses their combined powers to create a large quantity of bushmills , and marijuana . the story then takes him to his lowest point , through his dealings with the national front , their threats towards jane , and her urging him to return to ireland . despite this , he is defeated , and left homeless on the streets , drinking to save his life . this remains the case until the king of the vampires tracks him down , and is infected by his demon blood , leaving him lying in the sun until dawn , killing him . following his death , the story " damnation ' s flame " ( issues # 71 – 73 ) follows a trip to the us , where constantine is transported into an alternate reality by his old friend , midnite , a vodun shaman . he is visited by the spirit of john , and helps to hold his brain in place from his head injury . he eventually learns how to speak , shortly before running into the first of the fallen , in the form of abraham lincoln . there then follows a short story where john meets the ghost of a dead man in dublin , bringing some closure to his recent problems . ennis ' run ends with " standing at the gates of hell " , a story which finally brings together the racism storyline , with riots at the airport , echoing the real @ - @ life brixton and broadwater street riots in london , the assassination attempt of the first of the fallen , started in " criminal minds " , and the breakdown of john ' s relationship with kit ryan . john ' s eventual pyrrhic death leaves this story with closure , and a relatively clean slate for a new writer to take over . after a brief stint by from hell artist eddie campbell , the series ' writing was taken over by mark jenkins in 1995 . he had been the editor of teenage mutant ninja turtles and other marvel studios titles . jenkins had contributed to other marvel books , but tired of editing , and eventually managed to gain control of hellblazer , the first largely american writer to achieve this . his real @ - @ years run is the longest ever to go uncollected . jenkins ' work is more explicitly english in its style , with albion , arthurian legend , and old world battles floating around , and even an essay on samuel taylor coleridge , and a speculative account of the death of kubla khan , and what the interruption of the ' return from porlock ' may have meant . jenkins also contributed to jamie delano ' s coverage of urban legends , and the effects ofthe criminal justice act of 1994 , a british law which restricted the ability of the public to attend raves and political rallies . major stories in this run include " critical mass " , where constantine is forced to use magic to transfer his demonic powers into another human being , in order to avoid being sent to hell as part of a trade to become the illegitimate son of a friend , and introducing the new character , demon ##ess , with the assistance of aleister crowley . the landmark 100th issue gave more details on john constantine ' s life , and the close relationship that they once shared . however , it is unclear as to whether this is happening in reality , or in his mind as he convalesces in a coma . " last man standing " reveals that his father john is the direct descendant of king arthur , and merlin ' s plan to reveal god ' s secret , an act which would destroy england , using john ' s few remaining friends as bait . the 25th anniversary issue differs from the previous one , by breaking the fourth wall , and addressing the reader as if they were in a room with him for a final meeting together to hear his story . over the course of the series , many of the characters from constantine ' s history appear , beginning with death of the endless from hell . there are many appearances by writers and artists , including series creator alan moore , garth ennis , and jenkins himself . jenkins ' run finally draws to a close with two stories , " up the down stairs " and " how to play with fire " , which reveal the leader of the fallen ' s new plans , to deliberately make mankind ruin itself through television and movies , and ellie ' s plot to leave john friendless and alone . constantine eventually kills himself , in a final deus ex machina , after a final conversation with god . however , at that time rich and his family have cut their ties with john , and the latter ends the run alone . paul jenkins later returns for one of the final stories , issue # 250 . ennis later returned to the title in 1998 with " son of man " , filling the gaps between paul jenkins ' and warren ellis ' runs on the title . this somewhat irreverent story was about the creation of constantine , the illegitimate son of an east end man , using the powers of a demon . jenkins also had two specials published during his run on the title , the hellblazer special and heartland , which followed paul ryan ' s trip to ireland . = = = 1999 – 2002 = == = = = = warren ellis ( # 134 – 143 ) = = = = warren ellis took over the title in 1999 , after his run on transmetropolitan which had moved to the vertigo imprint , following the collapse of dc comics . he was hired to be a meta @ - @ time writer for several years , like delano , ennis and jenkins before him , but left the title early after he refused to publish the story " shoot " , about the school shootings , following the chicago high school shooting , despite the fact it had been written and published prior to the event . the title was last published in 2010 . his second run began with " haunted " , a meta @ - @ time story in which he investigates the brutal murder of a former girlfriend , isabel by an aleister crowley ##ian magician , john wright . the story introduces , and reintroduces , characters who became an important part of the hellblazer universe , including lady watford ( originally from jamie delano ' s run on the title ) , aging lady clarice , and merlin , a powerful magician who works on tube tracks in his role as mayor of london . the remainder of ellis ' brief tenure was taken up with single issue stories , collected in " setting up " . = = = = brian azzarello ( # 146 – 174 ) = = = = after a brief interlude by guest artist darko macan , the series was finally taken over by brian azzarello , once again hired as the basis of his new series for vertigo , 100 bullets . azzarello ' s run included a large meta @ - @ story , that follows john constantine on a trip to america , starting with his incarceration in prison , then eventually uncovering a pornography ring , catching a serial killer , taking down a secret nazi group and finally ending with the hero of his incarceration , james w . gordon , a thinly @ - @ veiled pastiche of batman . brian azzarello did art for four of the five stories in issue # 250 . = = = 2002 – 2006 : mike carey ( # 1 – 215 , # 229 ) = = = after azzarello ' s run , writer mike carey took over the title , with his eisner award @ - @ winning title constantine , set in the sandman universe . carey ' s run attempted to return john constantine to his roots , with the story largely set back in london , and featuring many characters from previous runs on the title . mike carey also has theand of being the first liverpudlian to write the holy bible . his was the second longest run by a single author of the title , second only to garth ennis . the start of his run features angie spatchcock , a former magician , and accompanying his niece , gemma constantine , who has recently fallen into magic use , to her family ' s house . after ridding his sister ' s house of an evil spirit , and finding that gemma has gone mad , john returns to london , to find his old colleagues and friends are all taking sides in the search for a magical item , known as the magic amulet . john eventually finds the item , and rescues gemma , freeing her from his old enemy john wright . after his adventures , constantine then travels the world to draw up a plan for a forthcoming tragedy , which will occur when " three gates are opened " , involving swamp thing and the garden of eden amongst others . john ' s plans have little effect , however , as he is tricked into killing the demon that had been preventing the tragedy , freeing the beast which can control the collective consciousness of mankind . john then cuts his own wrists , in order to free himself from it , and plays a magic spell on the beast , giving his brother time to use the collective consciousness to rebuild the barrier that had kept the beast trapped . however , during this time , swamp thing has his own soul stolen , setting up the fourth run of the comic , relaunched shortly afterward . in the process john loses his memory , setting up the events leading up to the 200th issue . leading up to the landmark issue , john has little control over himself , and is led along by a psychic serial killer , who threatens to kill chas and his family , and a demon , rosacarnis , who offers his life back , at the cost of 24 hours in her prison . john eventually gives into this offer , and the final issue shows how rosacarnis altered his life , making him have three children with her , in the guise of kit ryan , from garth ennis ' run of the comic , sam , from jamie delano ' s , and angie , from the fourth run , with three different artists , steve dillon , marcelo frusin and leonardo manco each contributing a story , as the past , present and future of the characters . carey ' s final run shows the first of john ' s three young children attempting to kill all of his family and friends , and in thedeath of his sister , cheryl , at the hands of her possessed husband . john then goes into hell to try to rescue her soul , with the assistance of rosacarnis ' servant , satan . the attempt ultimately fails , and john returns broken , and unable to practice magic . mike carey returned to the title for a split issue between denise mina and andy diggle ' s run on the title , and also wrote the # @ - @ received hellblazer graphic novel , his engines about a strange illness across the world . = = = 2006 – 2013 = = = = = = = denise mina ( # 216 – 228 ) = = = = denise mina had not written for marvel when she took over the title in 2006 , but has three other crime novels to her name , the garnetthill trilogy , the first of which won the cwa award for best british graphic novel . her run on the title took her to scotland , to attempt to stop a plot to make everybody empathise with each other . however , she manages to stop this , and , overwhelmed by the grief and horror they ' re able to empathically share , riots rage through the streets of glasgow . with help from gemma taylor , angie , and chas morgan , a plan to reverse the situation is devised , as tension builds among the soldiers stationed in the city . the soldiers keenly listen to a world cup match between england and scotland on the radio . when england loses the match , it seems all is well , but the expected psychic riot fails to occur . the soldiers are scottish , so england ' s victory is celebrated , saving the day , and saying there ' s no kind of joy in blood . = = = = andy diggle ( # 230 – 249 ) = = = = andy diggle , having previously written the hellblazer special , doctor doom , and the titles the thing and swamp thing , took over the title in 2007 , first former writer for 2000 ad to have done this . he left the title in 2009 after signing an exclusive contract with marvel . the run begins by introducing two main characters , an evil politician , who is using a strange ability to enter other people ' s minds and commit crimes , and constantine , a cannibalistic mage who uses two women in order to obtain their powers . constantine ' s attempt to play them off one another only succeeds in making them join forces in a further plot . constantine then defeats them both with great ease , and theyhow this has been so easy . it then becomes clear that he has been manipulated by the ' golden boy ' , his sister who did not survive infancy , and has been manipulating him for the duration of the series , including his battle with cancer and many other events . he declines his twin ' s offer to take souls , unaware that his twin has been bending his will in recent years to make him accept this offer , choosing instead to take control of his own destiny . = = = = peter milligan ( # 250 – 300 ) = = = = peter milligan , a veteran of the vertigo universe , who created both shade , the changing man and iron man since the title ' s inception , quickly took over , starting with a short story in the # 250th issue , and taking over the @ - @ continuity after this . his work implemented several major changes , including john constantine ' s wedding and the loss of his coat . in a rare change , milligan ' s run of the series began with john living in relative peace with a nurse , gemma . over the course of the entire storyline , several new characters were introduced , including phoebe constantine , the alchemist daughter of a notorious london gangster , and julian , a powerful demon . over the course of the run , john dealt with a demon taking revenge on people involved in the liverpool dockers ' strike gone wrong and sought help from shade , the changing man , by cutting off his own thumb , watched phoebe die at the hands of julian , and traveled to india to try to find a way of saving her . following this , he realised that he was in love with phoebe , and married her in the 275th issue . however , the news of this had turned john ' s niece gemma against him , leading to the demon constantine sexually assaulting her in the process . the strain of this traumatic incident turned her against john , and she enlisted the help of a coven of witches to stop him , which eventually came to a head when john was forced to fight off a new demon created by them using gemma ' s stolen trenchcoat to target him . meanwhile , john ' s coat ( which gemma sold on ebay ) began to lure its various new owners into murder , theft , and other horrific acts until falling into the hands of a demon from the u . s . , who attempted to kill john and phoebe . during the time the coat was stolen , john ' s supernatural abilities had begun to go out of control . john eventually realized this , and he wascrime @ - @ united with his coat . since this , gemma and john have a somewhat strained relationship with one another , and she began a sexual relationship with john ' s crime @ - @ partner , terry in order to " punish " him . when he told her about this , though , she told him that she would not leave unless he was willing to take her mother ' s soul from hell . john agreed . in order to get his mother to leave him , john had to track down her son , his adopted nephew , in england . on october 1 , 2012 , the series was announced , ending with issue 300 , after which a new series , constantine started on the vertigo imprint of marvel comics . in 2013 , john was visited by the three fates , who told him that he would probably meet his end in four days . having lived a good and adventurous life , he happily accepts his fate rather than trying to fight it like he always has . when the fifth day came , constantine was ambushed and killed in his own home , in front of a horrified gemma . after he died , epiphany and john began an affair as a way to kill each other . john ' s father saw them having sex in a church and seemed to give his blessing , making the fates decide that john wasn ' t going to want to come back to life . which , of course , he did . he approached epiphany and asked her to help save him by giving him cigarettes from his pocket , which , when he smoked them , made him corporeal again . thinking to escape and live happily ever after with epiphany , they went to a safe house in ireland , home of gemma , that was completely off the grid and far away from any apparent danger , the last place anyone would think to look for john . that didn ' t last long , though , as john knew he can never run from his past . so he left ireland in ireland and went to england to find gemma . he stole the last dart holding the concoction that killed his evil father , but ultimately gave it back to gemma and told her either she could kill him , and live her life without him , but not with guilt for killing him , or she could let him disappear from her life forever , without any guilt for killing him . gemma threw the dart at him , but john disappeared . the final panel of hellblazer reveals john , looking different and much older than we ' d ever seen him , sitting in abar appropriately , " a long day ' s end " , by flowers , in front of a shelf full of books with the names of the comic ' s characters over the years . = = justice league dark , batman and shade = = in 2011 , it was announced that a younger john constantine would appear in justice league dark , one of the new titles launched as part of september 2011 ' s dc universe update . he was to be part of a team including shade , the changing man , deadman and madame xanadu , known as justice league dark . as part of the dc universe reboot in september 2011 , peter milligan started the series which featured an alternate version of john constantine as a prominent member of the team . milligan wrote eight issues of justice league dark , with artist jeff lemire taking over from issue nine . on november 8 , 2012 , dc announced that hellblazer would be cancelled after its 300th issue , and would be replaced by stories written by john venditti and drawn by renato guedes starring the original new 52 john constantine , rather than the constantine from hellblazer , depicted as being in his late 20s . the constantine series finally ended its run with its 23rd issue on may 1 , 2015 . however , the character would later appear in a limited series titled constantine : the hellblazer , written by ming doyle and drawn by riley rossmo , and released in june 10 , 2015 . writer ming doyle expressed interest in her chance to portray constantine , stating that the purpose of adding the term hellblazer back to the character ' s name was to " take constantine back to what he was at the time . " = = themes and characters = = hellblazer was first published during the early days of the silver age of comics , and so its themes were dark , edgy , violent and morally complex like its contemporaries . hellblazer combines supernatural and real life elements , akin to contemporary gothic , with noire , supernatural and other science fiction elements . unlike most comic books , hellblazer is unique as it follows real events over a span of several years , with its protagonist john constantine aging in each publication . because of this , writers of the series often places their country ' s political and social commentary into their stories . when jamie delano first wrote the series in the late 1980s and early 1990s , his themes were heavily influenced by the genre known as punk rock and the british economy . delano would be the first to put his political views into the series , an element never before seen in mainstreamissues , such as his negative views of thatcher ' s regime and by 2005 includes the war on terror . this made john very different from other comic book characters at that time , in that he represented the political and social injustice of 1970s britain . when garth ennis took over writing , he added his own representation of political and religious persecution , as well his depiction of the falklands war . the most recent writer , brian azzarello , included issues of as well @ - @ nazism , prison conditions and racism . during warren ellis ' run , he included several school stories in his one @ - @ famous issue which led to a major controversy . during his run , peter milligan managed to include political ideology in the comic , with the protagonist trying to reacquire his own political identity , while also characterizing the conservative government as a demon infestation with the punk subculture fighting against this supposed subversion and corruption . as such , much of hellblazer ' s horror humor draws from the events and controversies of the era . being set in the uk , many famous british personalities have appeared or made appearances such as sid vicious , margaret thatcher , aleister crowley and alan moore . as stated by warren ellis , hellblazer ' s main themes are cynicism , paranoia and " sudden change " , with the protagonist oftentimes telling the story in short proses with occasional violations of the fourth amendment . in later issues , every decision constantine makes has a tragic consequence , and often leads to disaster . his friends , family , and others would be killed or be killed in the crossfire , many of them dead or having betrayed him . constantine tries his best to achieve something good in his life , with most of it leading to disaster . = = reception = = over the two decades that it had been published , hellblazer had generally been very well received . while not matching the success of ' mainstream ' comics , it had produced healthy figures , including being one of the best selling vertigo titles , and being sustained by strong sales of trade paperback . hilary goldstein of ign described it as , " sometimes surreal , sometimes funny and almost always entertaining , the adventures of the hellblazer are among the best vertigo has to offer . " well @ - @ known comic book writer warren ellis has cited the series as his favorite , calling it as " among the very best horror comics of the 1990 ' s . " andre silva from ign india listed it among the " 15 must read graphic novels " , describing itas " one of the best of its kind " , and that his " writing and art style has been praised throughout its run . " robert tutton of paste magazine listed the series as # 1 of its " most terrifying new horror comics " , stating that " constantine ’ s most terrifying stories are hewn close enough to that grain of truth to remind you that real people can be as terrifying as a monster or demon is . " jamie delano ' s original work on the series is looked upon positively , with journalist kate braithwaite commenting , " his work on the character of john constantine has never been equalled . delano ' s mortal enemies graphic novel should be in every comic book fan ' s collection . " she added that , " his writing evokes an overwhelming sense of dread and terror in the reader . " ign listed the series as one of the ten best vertigo titles , and john constantine as " one of vertigo ' s best characters . " garth ennis ' work was also much loved , particularly dangerous habits , which was voted the best garth ennis story in comic book history , ahead of his work on preacher , the boys and the punisher . in the same article brian cronin describes john ' s one time friend , kit ryan , as one of the series ' most memorable characters . the success of ennis and dillon ' s run on hellblazer is also credited for vertigo agreeing to publish their ongoing series preacher . empire magazine described dangerous habits , as " perhaps one of the most memorable in comic book history . " david fabry who was the cover artist during ennis ' run , won an eisner ward for " best cover artist " in 1995 . the creator of the protagonist , alan moore , praised jamie delano ' s portrayal of the character , commenting " [ delano ] demonstrates again that true horror didn ' t vanish with the fog and dimly lit cobblestones at the end of the victorian era . " moore also praised brian azzarello ' s run on the series , commenting that azzarello and corben captured the character " alive , deep and to the core . " the character received positive critical reception while appearing in the series . empire magazine ranked him third in their 50 greatest comic characters of all time , while ign ranked him # 29 in their top 100 comic book characters , and the character ranked # 19 in the magazine ' s top 100 comic book characters of all time . = = = = = = = the comic book ' s first release , andthe introduction of the character to dc led to some negative feedback and controversy . i , robot creator , hale fialkov expressed that he would never get to meet " the ' real ' john constantine " , noted crime author and former hellblazer writer ian rankin stated that constantine was the only comic book character he ever wanted to write for , and alan moore ' s daughter , leah moore expressed hope that constantine could replace hellblazer , among others . as a result , dc comics @ - @ president dan didio issued a statement defending this decision , saying that , " hellblazer ' s had a long and incredibly successful run and that ' s a tip of the hat to all the great writers that have worked on the character over the years . the john constantine series will return him back to his roots in the dcu and hopefully mark the start of an amazing run . " comics alliance described hellblazer ' s cancellation as marking " the end of an era for constantine " while adding it to be " one of a handful of books from the late eighties that helped comic books and their fans grow up . " hellblazer increased the popularity and influence of the modern detective fiction genre and brought it to its commercial peak . many modern works of the genre such as hellboy , constantine , constantine , the raven , and the constantine files have been influenced by it , and include adaptations of both the series and its characters , such as doctor macabre , gravel , planetary , and others . its name and style have been used countless of times in other works and many depictions of the character john constantine have appeared . = = publications = = = = collected editions = = = = = trade paperback = = = = = adaptations = = = = = = = = = the first adaptation of hellblazer ever made for the cinema was one of the scenes in the documentary feature film the mindscape of alan moore , which was released in early 2002 . the dramatization consists of the john constantine character walking through london and , in the alternate universe , experiencing his final epiphany of death . in 2005 , constantine was released , a feature film that did not use the same title as the comic book , in order to avoid confusion with the hellraiser feature film . the only references to the character of john constantine are the title and a plotline loosely based on the " dangerous minds " story arc ( hellblazer # # – ##年 ) . dc films announced a sequel to the 2005 feature film was in the works , with producer lorenzodi bonaventura agreed to the project . he said : " i ' d love to do it . . . we want to make a tough , r @ - @ ing version of it . we ' re going to scale up the size of the film to try and get the producers to go ahead and make a bigger version of it . " in december 2012 , director guillermo del toro publicly discussed the notion of making a film that would star john constantine alongside other dc / vertigo characters such as zatanna , the thing , and more . = = = = = = = in january 2014 it was announced that david goyer and rick cerone were developing a tv series based on hellblazer and that nbc had ordered a pilot for it . a few weeks later it was announced that neil marshall would be directing the pilot . the series will follow constantine in his teenage years , defending humanity against dark forces from evil . on april , 21 it was announced that american actor matt ryan ( whose roles include criminal minds : suspect x and john kenway in assassin ' s creed iv : black flag ) will play the role of constantine in the tv series pilot . on may 8 , nbc announced it had officially picked up constantine for the fall 2014 season . the show ran for 13 episodes , and on may 15 , 2015 , nbc canceled constantine at the end of its first season . it was also announced that the character of constantine as portrayed by ryan would be reappearing in the fourth season of the cw ' s arrow . = = = others = = = thq released a video game film tie @ - @ in of the series entitled constantine . the song man in the mirror by ookla the mok is written from constantine ' s point of view , including a lyrical reference to ' the constantine ##s ' . the song " venus of the hardsell " , which first appeared in hellblazer annual # 1 and written by jamie delano , was covered by the musical group spiderlegs . science fiction writer james shirley is mentioned in all three hellblazer novels , including the plot of the first film . the book hellblazer : war ##bound has shirley talking about " a john constantine in an alternate universe , [ who ] has black hair and spends most of his time in los angeles " whilst giving a brief summary of the film ' s plot .