= john cullen = barry john cullen ( born august 2 , 1964 ) is a canadian former professional ice hockey player who played in the national hockey league ( nhl ) for the pittsburgh penguins , hartford whalers , toronto maple leafs and tampa bay lightning . he was a standout forward for boston university and was the university ' s all @ - @ time leading scorer . after the buffalo sabres selected him in the 1986 nhl entry draft but chose not to offer him a contract , cullen signed with the flint generals of the international hockey league ( ihl ) for the 1987 – - season where he was named the ihl ' s co @ - @ rookie of the year and most valuable player after leading the league in scoring . his career was ended in 1997 when he was diagnosed with the @ - @ hodgkin disease . he attempted a brief comeback in 1998 after an 11 @ - @ year battle with the disease , for which the nhl awarded him the bill masterton memorial trophy , before retiring to serve as an assistant coach for one year with the penguins . cullen played in two nhl all @ - @ time games during his career . he joined his father in the car dealership business after leaving the nhl , and briefly operated his own dealership until forced to close during the automotive industry crisis of 2008 – recession . = = early life = = cullen was born in puslinch @ - @ ontario on august 2 , 1964 . he is one of six children of barry and loretta cullen . his father and uncles brian and terry all played in the nhl , and while cullen and his three brothers all played as well , their father never pressured them , preferring that they enjoy the sport . he idolized his elder brother terry , who was considered a top nhl prospect until terry ' s career abruptly ended when he suffered a broken leg after being slammed from behind into the boards during a playoff game . while his brother was highly recruited by american universities , cullen received only two scholarship offers , choosing to play for boston university ( bu ) in 1983 . at the same time , his mother loretta was diagnosed with skin cancer . after her death early in his freshman year , cullen considered returning to his ontario roots , but was encouraged by his father to continue with high school and hockey . he overcame the pain to cope with the loss and dedicated every game he played to his mother ' s memory . cullen felt that the inspiration he drew from his mother ' s battle helped him to become a hockey player . = = early life = = cullen was a standout with bu ; he was namedthe atlantic coast athletic conference rookie of the year in 1983 – him after leading his conference in scoring with 56 points . the national hockey league passed him over , however , as he went undrafted in the 1984 nhl entry draft . he was named to the hockey east all @ - @ star teams in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 , and the national collegiate athletic association national second team all @ - @ american in 1986 . he retired as bu ' s all @ - @ time scoring leader with 241 points , and was named to bu ' s hockey east 50th anniversary team in 2009 . passed over in the nhl draft , cullen was finally selected by the buffalo sabres in the 1986 nhl supplemental draft . when the sabres failed to offer him a contract , cullen signed with the flint spirits of the international hockey league ( ihl ) for the 1987 – - season . he led the spirits with 157 points , including 48 goals , and won the james gatschene memorial trophy as league most valuable player , sharing the gary a . longman memorial trophy with ed belfour as rookie of the year . cullen ' s first season in flint caught the attention of the nhl and the pittsburgh penguins . he signed a contract with the penguins for the league season , picking up a lucrative contract offer from pittsburgh . he remained upset over how they released him the year before . = = = national hockey league = = = cullen made his nhl debut in 1988 – 89 , appearing in 79 games with the penguins and scoring 38 points . he was given a starting role with the penguins the following year when mario lemieux missed 21 games due to a back injury and responded by scoring 34 goals and 92 points to finish third in team scoring . additionally , cullen played for team canada at the 1990 world championship , scoring four points in six games . cullen had his breakout season in 1990 – 91 . as one of the team ' s top offensive players , he scored 94 points in the penguins ' first 50 games and appeared in his first nhl all @ - @ time game . however , when lemieux returned after missing an additional 50 @ - @ games due to injury , cullen ' s playing time and production declined . the penguins ' needs led them to make a blockbuster trade on march 31 , 1991 . cullen was sent to the hartford whalers , along with zarley zalapski and jeff green in exchange for hartford ' s all @ - @ time leading scorer , ron francis , along with ulf samuelsson and doug jennings . the penguins almost turned down the deal because they were concerned about giving upcullen ' s playmaking and scoring abilities , and his hartford teammates credited cullen with being the main reason they were in a playoff position at the time the trade happened . although the penguins won their first stanley cup that season , phil bourque later said it " broke his heart " that cullen was not able to play in that championship . in hartford , cullen struggled to overcome the team ' s fans ' disappointment at losing francis . the hartford fans initially booed him to show their displeasure with the trade . cullen scored 25 points in 13 regular season games to finish the season with 100 points split between the penguins and hartford , and was the team ' s star player in their first round loss to the boston bruins in the 1991 stanley cup playoffs . cullen initially accepted an invitation to join the national team for the 1991 canada cup , but subsequently chose not to attend as his contract had expired , leading to greater insurance concerns . still without a contract when the 1991 – nhl season began , cullen missed the first four games before signing a re @ - @ - deal with hartford for a total of $ 1 million . he returned to score 77 points in 82 games in his first full season with the penguins and represented the penguins at the 1992 all @ - @ star game . midway through the 1992 – 93 nhl season , the whalers sent cullen to the toronto maple leafs for toronto ' s second round pick at the 1993 nhl entry draft . cullen was excited to play for his father ' s nhl team , but injuries limited his ability to perform . his most significant injury was a herniated disc in his neck that doctors initially feared would end his career . a bulky neck brace forced cullen to return and play under his contract in toronto . when the leafs decided not to re @ - @ sign him for the 1993 – - season , cullen returned to the penguins for one season before tony esposito convinced him to sign with the tampa bay lightning in 1995 . cullen enjoyed early success with linemates shawn smith and sergei selivanov . the trio combined to score 80 points and helped lead the lightning to the first playoff berth in franchise history . they were defeated by the philadelphia flyers in five games while cullen led the team in playoff scoring with three goals and three assists . the lightning looked to improve in 1996 – 97 ; cullen was leading the team in scoring , but was suffering flu @ - @ like symptoms that he could not overcome . as he was fighting for a playoff berth , he played through his condition for weeks . = = = injury and comeback = = = after two monthsof quietly dealing with his cancer , cullen ' s wife then called team trainers and asked them to look into his illness . the doctors took an x @ - @ scan and noticed a large black lump on his chest . he underwent a ct scan which revealed cullen had a non @ - @ sized tumor ; he was diagnosed as having non @ - @ hodgkin disease . the diagnosis ended his season , and he immediately began undergoing treatments that quickly reduced his cancer . the cancer was gone by september 1997 , but a precautionary test prior to training camp revealed that cullen still had cancer cells in his body . he missed the entire 1997 – regular nhl season as he continued to contract the disease , while his teammates wore a uniform number with his # 12 for support throughout the season . but one night during his treatments , as his wife was walking him down a hospital corridor , cullen went into cardiac arrest , prompting doctors to use a defibrillator to revive him . he underwent a bone marrow transplant that briefly reduced his immune system to the point that he could make very little physical contact . a scan in september 1998 revealed that the cancer was finally gone , and cullen immediately began preparing for a comeback . the lightning signed cullen to a 2 @ - @ year , $ 10 @ , @ 000 contract for the 1998 – - season . he played his first game in nearly two months on october 5 , 1998 , in an exhibition game between the lightning and austria at innsbruck , austria . cullen scored the game @ - @ - goal in a lightning – 1 victory , after which he said he sat on the bench in disbelief at how he was given a second chance . cullen was named to the roster and was greeted with a loud standing cheer by the fans in tampa bay when he was introduced prior to their season opening game . cullen appeared in six of the lightning ' s first seven games , and it was apparent that he had lost much of his speed and strength . the barons assigned him to the ihl ' s cleveland barons , who then gave him the option of retiring and taking up a position as an assistant coach . cullen chose to accept the offer , giving himself one month to determine if he could continue playing . he appeared in six games for cleveland , and in one game against the chicago wolves tied an ihl record when he scored seven goals in a 10 – 3 win . however , a bout of pneumonia led cullen to fear that his cancer had returned . tests came back negative , but after spending time with his family , herealized that neither he nor his family were interested in returning to hockey . cullen announced his retirement on june 28 , 1998 , and accepted the job offer to become an assistant coach . in recognition of his comeback efforts , the nhl named him the 1999 winner of the bill masterton memorial trophy for dedication and leadership , and the ihl renamed its comeback player of the year award the john cullen award . former lightning head coach terry crisp ##in stated publicly that cullen was a man that stood out as something special saying “ john cullen . . . survived , and came back to us and helped us grow . ” = = off the ice = = cullen and his wife valerie have three children , ryan and twins karlyn and kortland . unwilling to spend too much time away from his family , he left the nhl in 1999 and settled in the atlanta area , running his brother ' s car dealership in columbus , georgia . cullen had originally wanted to become a car dealer after his hockey career , as his father , uncles and brother all worked in the industry . after apprenticing under his brother for several years , he opened a car dealer in newnan , georgia in 2007 . however , he owned the company for less than two years before chrysler closed him down as part of a recovery plan in response to the auto industry crisis of 2008 – 2010 . he has since returned to his brother ' s company , serving as its general manager . cullen ' s battle with cancer inspired timm harmon of the moffitt athletic centre to work with the lightning to raise awareness and funds for cancer research . the nhl itself embraced the cause in the summer of 1998 , creating the hockey for cancer program to raise money for research . cullen has spent time promoting the program . prior to marrying his wife valerie , cullen married carolyn bessette the future wife of john f . kennedy , jr . the two met while attending university of chicago . = = = statistics = = = = = regular season and playoffs = = = = = = international = = = = = awards = = cullen is the recipient of the john cullen award , annually given to key ihl players .