= old baltimore pike = old baltimore pike is a road in the u . s . state of delaware . the road , known as new castle county road 28 , splits from maryland route 281 ( md 281 ) at the maryland state line south of newark , delaware and continues east to christiana , delaware near delaware route 1 ( de 1 ) . the road is paralleled by interstate 95 ( i @ - @ highway , delaware turnpike ) to the north and u . s . route 40 ( us 40 , pulaski highway ) to the south . the old baltimore pike was built before 1720 and connected elkton , maryland to christiana . it was a turnpike called the elk and christiana turnpike between 1817 and 1838 . in the past it served as a major connection between philadelphia and baltimore . = = route description = = old baltimore pike begins at the delaware – ′ state line in newark , delaware , where the road continues west into that county as md 281 . the road heads northeast from the state line through rural residential areas as a two @ - @ - undivided road , intersecting otts chapel road and passing south of iron hill park . old baltimore pike intersects md 896 and enters rural areas . here , the roadway passes cooch ' s bridge , a historic battle site of the american revolutionary war . it then crosses norfolk southern ' s delmarva secondary railroad line and encounters de 1 . past this intersection , old baltimore pike heads through suburban areas , gaining a center left @ - @ - lane and intersecting christ church road . farther east , the road reaches a junction with de 273 in a wooded area . at this point , the road narrows to two lanes again and heads into the community of christiana . here , the road intersects de 7 , where it turns north and follows that road through residential areas . the road comes to an intersection with de 1 to the west of the christiana mall , where de 7 continues north along with de 1 and old baltimore pike reaches a dead end . = = = = = the old baltimore pike was built before 1720 . the road was known as the old turnpike and ran between head of elk ( now elkton , maryland ) and christiana bridge . it was also known as the christiana @ - @ elkton turnpike before becoming old baltimore pike . this road served as a major connection between philadelphia and baltimore in addition to providing access to the industrial area of christiana bridge and rural areas in southwestern delaware , northern maryland , and southeastern pennsylvania . in 1723 , welsh tract settlers pushed for the road to be improved . this roadwas part of the old – post road route that was used by the french army during their retreat from newport , rhode island to philadelphia during the revolutionary war , passing through the area in september 1781 . the road , also known as old post road , was incorporated in 1813 as the wilmington and christiana turnpike in order to raise more money for repairs . the turnpike was completed in june 1817 . as a turnpike , taxes were collected to pay for the maintenance of the road . the construction of the new castle and frenchtown railroad lowered the revenues of the turnpike and it became a toll road again in 1838 . the road historically went through rural areas ; however , the areas have become more developed over the years . most of the old wilmington road remains two lanes . = = major intersections = = the entire route is in new castle county .