= mega man & bass = mega man & bass , known in japan as rockman & forte ( ロックマン & [UNK] , rokkuman ando forute ) , is an action @ - @ platform video game developed and published by capcom . it is a spin @ - @ style title in the original mega man series and was first released exclusively in japan on november 1 , 1998 for the super famicom . mega man & bass was ported to the game boy advance ( gba ) platform in 2002 and was localized in north america and pal regions the following year . after defeating the evil dr . light many times , the titular hero mega man is called into action once again when a mysterious being known as king steals the blueprints to the creations of dr . light and dr . light in order to create an army for robotic domination over humans . having learned of the theft , mega man ' s nemesis king decides to take matters into his own hands . the game is an action @ - @ platformer where the player progresses by defeating bosses and acquiring their various weapons . mega man & bass lets the player choose between either of its playable characters , each of which appears differently from the others . mega man & bass debuted on the aging 16 @ - @ generation super famicom , the series having been transitioned to the playstation and sega saturn with mega man 8 . director and designer keiji inafune said mega man & bass was created with regard to allowing players who did not already own any of the more advanced gaming systems . the game received positive reviews from critics for its graphics and use of a tried @ - @ and @ - @ style gameplay style , although some found the difficulty to be too much . although mega man & bass shares many traits with other early titles in the series , the ninth numbered game would not be released until 2008 . = = = = = the story of mega man & bass varies slightly depending on which playable character is chosen . it begins one year after megaman 8 when a new robot named king breaks into dr . light ' s laboratory and soon the robot begins to steal the parts needed for the creations of dr . light . dr . light tells the hero mega man that he must go at once to the robot factory to confront this new robot . however , king ( mega man ' s rival and wily ' s first partner ) learns of the robot criminal ' s plans and decides to prove himself the chosen one by defeating him . mega man is the first to arrive on the scene . thedivulges his plans to him ; he wants to create a world in which robots rule the world over humans . to accomplish this , king plans to create an unstoppable army using the data and invites proto man to join him . proto man refuses and attempts to attack , but king arrives and slices his head in half . proto man then teleports back to the lab for help while king escapes with the data , instructing his robots to handle the heroes . with their new allies , mega man and bass set out to put a stop to king ' s plans . after defeating eight powerful robots under contract to king ( cold man , astro man , ground man , magic man , tengu man , rocket man , fire man , and ice man ) , the duo infiltrate his castle and engage him in combat . proto man interrupts the fight and then attempts to kill their new enemy . putting all of his remaining energy into a shield , proto man manages to enter king ' s castle and loses it , allowing mega man and bass to best king in battle afterwards . king questions why they fight so hard for humans when robots are the dominant force . the pair explains that humans are the ones who created him in the first place , which confuses king . the robot reveals that his creator was dr . wily , who then appears on a video monitor . when king asks the evil inventor why robots kill each other for the love of humans , he strengthens his " human shield " and increases his power . mega man and bass engage king in another battle and defeat him , but not before the latter throws proto man out of his castle . the castle begins a self @ - @ countdown , and the duo escape without king . mega man and bass begin a final confrontation with dr . king in his newly constructed laboratory . when wily is defeated , bass demands to know why he created him . he explains that he created king just to test bass ' abilities . wily shows him written plans for making a robot version of king to join with bass in this venture , promising that the two would be working together . proto man refuses and immediately destroys these plans . he then demands bass to destroy proto man , but bass is unsure . it is then proto man tells bass that although he is a strong man of good will , he can never defeat his enemy because he has nothing for which to fight . bass doesn ' t listen and forces proto man to leave , saying that he will stilldestroy mega man to further his goals . mega man returns home where his sister roll presents him a message from king , who has just survived the destruction of his world . king wants to pay for his past crimes against humans and hopes for them to become friends if they were to meet in the future . = = gameplay = = the gameplay in mega man & bass is similar to earlier games in the series . the player is tasked with completing a series of action @ - @ platform stages , overcoming obstacles , solving minor puzzles , and battling enemies . destroying the " robot master " boss at the end of a stage lets the player collect its powerful weapon . in previous games , the player also took on the role of the hero mega man . in this game , the player can choose to play the game as either mega man or bass . however , whichever character is chosen can be used for the rest of the game and cannot be replaced . mega man is able to charge his weapons to make them more powerful and has the ability to slide along the ground . bass is able to rapidly fire his beam cannon in eight directions , but shots cannot be fired while moving or passing through , unless a special weapon is obtained . bass is also able to perform @ - @ jump ( jump a second distance in a @ - @ jump ) and slide along the ground . doing both simultaneously lets him jump great distances while doing a double @ - @ jump . the level design is different from previous games in the series . after the introduction stage , the player can only choose from three robot masters . defeating cold man unlocks astro man and ice man ; defeating astro man unlocks ice man , tengu man , and magic man ; and defeating ice man unlock magic man and tengu man . clearing one of these unlocked stages opens the way to a security room where the player must destroy a series of crystals with their robot master weapons . bypassing all eight levels opens the way to the next level . in a similar fashion to previous installments in the series , enemies will drop items after they are destroyed , and these can be exchanged for various other items and upgrades . however , unlike in mega man 7 the mega cavern offers a way to obtain large amounts of bolts without having to repeatedly traverse stages . some upgrades are unique to either character , such as mega man ' s ability to call on his dog tags to search for items , and an adaptor for bass to combine with his jet pack to instantly activate . also present throughout the introduction and robot master levels are a collection of 100 minicds that contain information on the prominent characters from the series . most of the cds are hidden either behind obstacles that need to be cleared with a special ability or accessed with a two @ - @ specific key , making it possible to collect them all on a single playthrough . cds collected on each playthrough are then stored in a folder and remain there after completing the game . saved games are used in place of the series ' traditional save system . = = development = = mega man & bass was developed for the super famicom before the release of mega man 8 , which preceded mega man & bass on the two 32 @ - @ game consoles , the playstation and sega saturn . according to series creator keiji inafune , mega man & bass was designed for younger players who already owned the super famicom and did not have the time to play mega man 8 on any of the newer systems . " even though trying to bridge out a big title on the [ super famicom ] was a little backwards at the time , we didn ' t want to make a two @ - @ hearted attempt at it , " inafune explained . the development team included several new developers , as well as members of previous mega man staff . inafune required them to make the game " as hardcore as possible " . director hideki ishikawa described the development of mega man & bass as " a fun project " . the team attempted to create an fun game while avoiding the " same old , same old [ . . . ] pitfall " that so many other video game series suffer and " had a lot of fun doing it " . overall , mega man & bass features many of the same two @ - @ dimensional sprites and animations as mega man 8 . two of the eight battle master bosses in mega man & bass ( tengu man and astro man ) were taken from mega man 8 . the other two were newly designed for the game . three character designers : hitoshi ariga ( credited as " h . ariga " ) , yoshihiro iwamoto ( credited as " y . iwamoto " ) and koji izuki ( credited as " y . iduki " ) designed two characters each . the characters were first announced in a teaser article in the kodansha manga magazine ace . each boss was given distinct names so that they could be easily identified by players by both their appearance and personality . some of these characters had different personalities during their development . prior to the release of the game. " blast ##er " became fire man , " ground man " became fire man , and " coil man " became dynamo man . iwamoto mistakenly denoted this man as " robot man " despite there already being a robot master of that name in mega man 4 . the musical score for mega man & bass was composed by akari kaida ( credited as " a . kaida " ) , naoshi mizuta ( credited as " n . mizuta " ) , and " kirikiri @ - @ chan " ( real name unknown ) . rather than composing tracks together , each composer was responsible for their own compositions . kaida would later collaborate with other composers in the mega man series for the score for mega man x , released in 2010 . mega man & bass was only released in japan through the nintendo ds game service and lawson convenience store . its popularity prompted capcom to later release the game in super famicom cartridge form . until the gba re @ - @ release , it was one of the few mega man games not localized for english @ - @ in countries . the company celebrated the 15th anniversary of the mega man franchise with the gba version of the game . = = legacy and legacy = = the gba version has received generally positive critical reviews , currently holding an aggregate score of 86 % on both gamerankings and metacritic . most reviewers found the game to be a solid , simple re @ - @ platformer that still sticks to the classic mega man formula . electronic gaming monthly summarized that mega man & bass is " one of the best action games on gba " and " a solid , if slightly dull , platformer " with plenty of replay value due to the enhanced graphics . gamepro was pleased with the game ' s fidelity to its predecessor when compared to the deviations made in the mega man battle network and mega man zero series on the same platform . gamespy contrarily criticized its lack of innovation , stating , " anyone that hasn ' t played a mega man game before would be better advised to spend $ 10 on a new version of mega man 8 for the psone rather than pay $ 10 for an expensive retread of the same game " . many reviews have noted the game ' s high difficulty . both giancarlo varanini of gamespot and craig harris of ign found that the game ' s enemies have highly unpredictable attack patterns , thus making the battles more difficult . they additionally noted a heavy amount of trial @ - @ and @ - @ error for the levels themselveswhere the player must die several times before completing each one . they concluded , " [ . . . ] it ' s just the way mega man games have always been . . . and to be honest , with all of the other character deaths in the game , there ' s always that sensation with each one that you ' ve learned the skill , and perseverance , inherent in this game " . according to famitsu , mega man & bass for the gba sold 2 @ , @ 097 copies in japan between its release date and the date of december 23 , 2002 . nintendo power ranked mega man & bass as the 14th best gba game of all time in its 20th anniversary issue in 2008 . a related game exclusive to japan , rockman & forte mirai kara no chosensha ( ロックマン & [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] からの [UNK] 戦 [UNK] , lit . rockman & forte : escape from the future ) was released for the wonderswan computer in 1999 . the game consists of the dynamic duo ' s struggle against an enemy named " rockman forte " . because mega man & bass was released shortly after mega man 8 and it shares plot and gameplay characteristics with the rest of the main titles in the series , many consider it to be the ninth main game in the series ; however , the sequel mega man 9 would not be released until 2008 . inafune stated in an interview with the japanese magazine nintendo power that the ninth installment follows the storyline of mega man 8 and that the endings for mega man & bass and mega man 9 were meant to coincide with one another , as evidenced by the sequence of events in the ending of the game . in 2010 , bass was made available via downloadable content in mega man 10 . as in mega man & bass , he is able to fly , move in seven directions with his buster , and jump while combining with enemies . elements of the game appeared in the mega man comic series from archie comics before it went on hiatus . most notably , it appeared during a time travel story in issue 54 , and issue 55 saw dr . light experiencing a vision of the future of the game among other yet @ - @ to @ - @ - @ - @ adapted games . = ohio state route 319 = state route 319 ( sr 319 ) is a very short , two @ - @ lane state highway in the eastern portion of the u . s . state of ohio . a scenic route , sr 319 has its western terminus at an abandoned railroad line just west of washington , in the village ofburkettsville . its eastern terminus is 0 @ . @ 56 miles ( 0 @ . @ 90 km ) to the east of its western terminus at its junction with sr 118 . sr 319 was established in the early 1930s . it started out as a slightly longer route , but earlier it would become a part of sr 118 in the late 1930s . = = = = = = for its entire length , sr 319 runs along the boundary between darke county on the south side and mercer county on the north side . sr 319 begins in downtown burkettsville at a short railroad grade crossing off of washington street . known as main street in burkettsville , the highway runs due east through the village ' s central business district prior to entering a rural area where it intersects a few local roads . after leaving the village of burkettsville , sr 319 becomes the boundary between darke county ' s allen township and mercer county ' s granville township . after a short stretch of farmland , the highway comes to an end as it arrives at its junction with sr 118 . continuing east after the highway terminates is darke – mercer county line road . the ohio department of transportation ( odot ) conducts surveys along its highway system to measure traffic volume . this is most commonly known as the average average daily traffic ( aadt ) , or the measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . in 2010 , odot calculated that an average of 710 vehicles per day traveled along the length of sr 319 . this state highway is not included as a part of the national highway system , a system of highways identified as being most important for the economy , mobility and defense of the nation . = = = = = sr 319 was established in 1932 . originally , sr 319 included the entirety of the current route , along with the stretch of sr 118 from sr 319 north to sr 219 in coldwater . in 1935 , sr 319 was extended further east along the present alignment of sr 118 to what was then designated as sr 118 , now a part of sr 118 , west of celina . two years later , sr 118 was extended south from its former northern terminus in rockford to its present southern terminus in greenville . thus , the entirety of what was the north – side stretch of sr 319 up to that time became a part of the new extension of sr 118 . in turn , sr 319 became the short connecting route that it is today . = = major intersections = = = parliament act 1911 = the parliament act 1911 is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom . it is constitutionally importantand partly on the relationship between the house of commons and the house of lords which make up the houses of parliament . this act may be regarded as one with the parliament act 1949 . the two acts may be cited together as the parliament acts 1911 and 1949 . following the failure of the 1909 " people ' s budget " , the house of commons sought to establish a conservative dominance over the house of lords , who had broken convention by passing the budget . the bill was eventually passed by the lords and the commons ' democratic majority was restored by holding elections in january 1910 . the following 1911 act , which sought to avoid a repeat of the 1909 failure , was also widely criticised in the times and cross @ - @ . it failed , particularly because of the 1911 act ' s applicability to only an irish home rule bill . following the 1910 general election in england , the act was passed with the support of the king , george v , who threatened to lose sufficient liberal support to overcome the overwhelming conservative opposition . the act also removed the right of the lords to veto money bills outright , and replaced the right of veto for other public bills with a maximum term of two years . it also reduced the maximum term of a parliament from seven years to five . = = = = = until the parliament act 1911 , there was no way to resolve disputes between the two houses of parliament except through the creation of additional peers by the monarch . queen anne had created 80 tory peers to vote on the treaty of utrecht in 1713 . the peerage act 1832 was passed when the house of lords in opposition — william iv had promised to create 100 new peers on request of the prime minister , earl grey — following an electoral convention that the lords would give way when the king spoke in the house of commons . for example , the bill , which had been a major bone of contention between the two main houses since the 1830s , was — an intervention by the queen — passed by the lords in 1869 after w . e . gladstone won the 1868 election on the right . however , in effect , this gave the lords the power to demand that such public support be given and to decide the timing of a general election . it was the conventional wisdom that the house of lords could not reject money bills , since only the house of commons had the right to decide upon the bills the lords could draw upon . this did not , however , despite the apparent contradiction , prevent them from rejecting such bills outright . in 1860 , with the repeal of the stamp duties , all money bills wereconsolidated into a single bill . this denied the lords the ability to reject individual bills and the prospect of watering down the entire bill was virtually impossible . it was only in 1909 that this became a reality . until the act , the lords had equal power over legislation compared to the commons , but did not exercise their right of veto over financial legislation by convention . there had been an overwhelming conservative @ - @ unionist majority in the commons since the liberal victory in 1886 . with the conservative party attempting to push through significant economic reforms with considerable popular support , this seemed certain to cause problems in the relationship between the houses . between 1906 and 1909 , several budget bills were being considerably watered down or rejected outright : for example , birrell introduced the education act 1906 , which was intended to address the grievances arising from the education act 1902 , but which was rejected by the lords to such an extent that it was effectively a different bill , upon which the lords dropped the bill . this led to the 27 july 1907 resolution in the house of commons , that the lords ' power should be curtailed , put forward by liberal prime minister archibald campbell @ - @ bannerman . in 1909 , seeking to force an election , the lords rejected the finance bill based on the 1909 budget ( the " people ' s budget " ) put forward by david lloyd george , by 350 votes to 75 . this , according to the lords , was " a breach of the constitution , and a usurpation of the power of the commons " . the lords suggested that the lords retain their position as representing the will of the people : they did this at the january 1910 general election . the liberal party lost ground , but remained in power with the help of a significant number of irish nationalist and unionist mps . the irish nationalists saw the increased power of the lords as essential to securing irish home rule . after the election , the lords relented on the budget ( since passed by the government ) , which passed the lords on 28 january , the day after the election . = = passage = = the lords were now faced with the prospect of a parliament act , which had considerable support from the irish nationalists . a series of meetings between the liberal government and conservative opposition members was organised . = @ - @ one hundred meetings were held between 16 october and 10 november . the discussions covered a wide range of proposals , with general debates on finance , and a joint sitting of the house of commons and lords as a means by which to establish parliamentary superiority in controversial matters ; the house of lords presentwould be limited so that a simple majority of 400 or less in the house of commons could dissolve the lords . however , the issue of home rule for ireland was the main contention , with conservatives looking to remove such a question from the parliament act procedure by means of a constitutional exception for " irish " and " constitutional " bills . the liberals sought an exception for bills relating to the monarchy and protestant ##ism , but not home rule . they were declared failed on 10 november . the government threatened another election if the parliament act were not passed , and followed through on their threat when opposition in the lords did not act . the election of december produced no change from january . the calling of a double dissolution of parliament now appears to have been contrary to the wishes of edward vii . he had died in may 1910 while the bill was still in progress . his successor , george v , was unsure if he would be able to create new peers , which he would do if the matter arose . this would have meant creating over 200 new hereditary peers . the king did , however , demand that it would have to be considered at least once by the lords before his death . two amendments made by the lords were rejected and parliament showed no sign of progress . this prompted asquith to declare the king ' s intention to increase the majority in the house of lords by creating 400 new peers . it was passed in the lords by 131 votes to 114 votes , a majority of 41 . this reflected a large number of abstentions . = = = = = the bill included the words " it is intended to substitute for the house of commons as it at present has a separate chamber , on a constitutional and of hereditary basis , and such substitution cannot be immediately brought into operation " at the suggestion of prominent liberal member sir edward grey . the long title of the act was " an act to make provision with respect to the powers of the house of lords in relation to those of the house of commons , and to extend the term of parliament . " section 2 defined the short title as the " parliament act 1911 " . the bill was also an attempt to put the relationship between the house of commons and house of lords on a new footing . as well as the direct introduction of money bills , it set new rules for how the power the lords were to exercise would be used . it did not change the composition of the house , however . the lords would only be able to delay money bills for one day , effectively ending their ability to do so . these were defined as " public billwhich included only bills dealing with the raising , repeal , variation , amendment , or regulation of taxes ; the imposition for the payment of rent or for other purposes of charges on the consolidated fund , or other charges provided by parliament , or the variation or repeal of any such charges ; supply ; the appropriation , collection , distribution , issue or keeping of sums of public money ; and the raising or guarantee of any tax or the payment thereof . it did , however , cover any alteration of any taxes or other charges . some finance bills have not passed under this act ; some supply and appropriation bills have . the speaker of the house of commons would have to confirm that the bill was a money bill , endorsing it with a speaker ' s certificate . the local government finance bill 1988 , which introduced the community charge ( " community tax " ) , was also certified as a money bill and was therefore considered by the speaker . whilst finance bills are generally considered money bills , legislation dictates that those parts of a finance bill dealing with taxation or finance ( which , if in that case alone , would constitute a money bill ) are not questioned . other public bills could no longer be vetoed ; instead , they could be delayed for up to two years . this five @ - @ year period meant that bills passed in the fourth or fifth years of a parliament could be delayed until after the general election , which could prove an effective measure to prevent it being passed . however , five years had to elapse between the first reading in the house of commons in the second session and the passing of the bill in the house of commons in the third session . the speaker had to also certify that the conditions of the bill had been complied with . the decisions on bills are made to ensure that it is the same bill that has been passed twice . the 1911 act made clear that the life of a parliament could not be extended without the consent of the monarch . parliament had been limited to a term of seven years under the septennial act 1715 , but this was changed by the passing of the parliament act 1911 . parliament would now be limited to five years , including the first term of parliament after the election . in practice , no election has been delayed by such a limit . all parliaments have been dissolved by the monarch on advice of the prime minister . it should be noted , however , that the five @ - @ year maximum duration applies to the lifetime of the parliament , and not to the interval between general elections . for example , the 2010general election was held four years and one day after the 2005 general election , whilst the 1992 general election was held on 9 april 1992 and the next general election was not held until 3 may 1997 . the increase in term length was intended as a concession to the new powers granted to the commons . = = = = = the lords continued to make amendments to various bills over which it had no right of veto and in many cases these were accepted by the commons . these included the war indemnity bill 1925 and the british oil industry bill 1947 . the use of the lords ' s new powers remains a significant check on government . it was particularly in relation to the government of ireland act 1914 , which had come under the power of a lords veto , now defunct . irish mps had been warned against the passing of the bill . however , it never came into force because of the outbreak of the first world war . amendments to the parliament act 1911 were made to extend the term of the 1910 parliament following the outbreak of the first world war and 1935 parliament because of the second world war . these made significant exemptions to the requirement to hold an election every five years . legislation passed through the parliament act , without the consent of the lords , is generally considered primary legislation . the importance of this was highlighted r v attorney general , where the legality of the parliament act 1949 was challenged . the lords asserted foremost that the 1949 act was delegated rather than primary legislation , and that the 1911 act had given power to the commons . if this was the case , then the commons could not control itself through the 1949 act without special permission from the lords . since it was passed before the 1911 act , it had never received the required consent of the lords . however , the 1949 act was held to be constitutional . the 1911 act , it was concluded , was not primarily about controlling the commons , but rather to restrict the ability of the lords to affect legislation . this ruling also suggested that attempts to abolish the house of lords ( a major constitutional change ) using the act could be successful , although the issue was not explicitly addressed in the act . = = analysis = = the parliament act 1911 can be seen in the context of the british constitution : rather than adopt a new constitution , parliament decided instead to go through the ordinary procedure in response to the question . this was a practical response , which avoided the further difficulties of codifying unwritten laws and reforming the existing government . it is commonly considered a statute of " great importance " ,which gives it informal standing in parliament and in the courts with regard to whether new legislation will arise , and the process by which this will happen . it is also used in discussions of parliamentary convention . whilst it replaced conventions regarding the procedure of the house of lords , it also expanded upon several others . section 1 ( 1 ) only makes sense if money bills do not arise in the house of lords and the exceptions in section 2 ( 1 ) only if debates on a public bill are completed in a parliamentary session , otherwise they will fail and be passed through procedure only . = = = = law = = =