= = ( english ) = = is a british restaurant owned and operated by french chef claude bosi . it was opened in 2000 in ludlow , shropshire , and gained its first michelin star within a year , and a second in the 2004 edition . in july 2006 , bosi and his wife claire announced that they were to sell the location in ludlow and move closer to london . the property was sold to alan murchison , and bosi purchased a new site on maddox street in birmingham . bosi used molecular technology to create some ingredients for the dishes in an attempt to enhance their flavours , such as freeze @ - @ using cabbage to create a sauce . the restaurant has received mixed reviews from critics , but has been listed in the world ' s 50 best restaurants since 2010 , and was ranked by egon ronay as the best restaurant in the uk in 2005 . the good food guide ranked hibiscus as the eighth @ - @ best restaurant in the uk in the 2013 edition . it has also been awarded two gold stars . in 2011 , bosi started a new venture , the fox & grapes in birmingham . this new gastropub operates under the same name as before , and is in collaboration with chef cedric and former head chef at oasis , patrick leano . = = = = = claude bosi and his wife claire opened it in ludlow , shropshire , in 2000 . the restaurant has a 36 @ - @ room capacity , and was previously occupied by a small aa rated restaurant called the oaks . bosi had previously been head chef and gained a michelin star at the overton grange restaurant , just outside the city . he had intended to open a restaurant in warwickshire , but found the location too expensive and took a 25 @ - @ room lease on the former oaks location in ludlow for £ 40 @ , @ 000 . within a year it won its first michelin star , and at the same time overton grange was downgraded , going in to bankruptcy . working under bosi at hibiscus was sous chef glynn purnell , who left hibiscus in 2003 to become head chef at jessica ' s restaurant in edgbaston . hibiscus gained a second star in the 2004 michelin guide . in july 2006 , bosi and his wife claire announced that they were intending to sell it and open a new restaurant closer to london , possibly in the capital itself . hibiscus closedin ludlow in april 2007 , with bosi selling the restaurant to fellow chef alan murchison for £ 247 @ , @ 500 , while keeping the original name for himself . the restaurant was renamed " la becasse " ( [UNK] ) , and underwent a £ ##48 @ , @ 000 makeover before the re @ - @ opened under head chef will holland . in 2014 , murchison ' s company went into voluntary liquidation after running up debts of almost half a million pounds . bosi announced the plans in june 2007 for a new site at 1 maddox street in london . he planned for the new location to be open in september , and to take over the style of cooking he had used in ludlow , saying , " i ' m staying here , and opening a new restaurant . the idea is to continue and build on what i have been doing . " buying and leasing out the new premises cost around £ ##4 million . many of the staff from the ludlow incarnation of hibiscus agreed to move to london to continue working at the restaurant , including executive chef marcus mcguinness and sommelier paul freeman . the re @ - @ opened in october 2007 in its new location after following building works and regulatory approval . the interior of the re @ - @ based restaurant was decorated in reds and shades of brown . the walls were covered in pale @ - @ coloured wall panels , and a chandelier shaped as a series of rings hungs from the middle of the main dining room ' s ceiling . the handover on the first day was so tight that builders rushed in at night , and the first service was run at 3 pm that evening . the initial announcement resulted in the reviewers for the michelin guide having only a two @ - @ week window in which to let @ - @ assess the restaurant for the 2008 guide . bosi admitted however that the restaurant was not quite up to scratch in those two weeks and disagreed with the decision of michelin to downgrade it to a one star in the 2008 guide . the restaurant was also awarded a " two star " as one with potential to go up to two stars in the future . during the run up to 2008 , the stress of serving 550 people a week in a single location with a modified menu resulted in three sous chefs resigning . the two @ - @ restaurant status was restored a year later in the 2009 michelin guide , as had been predicted by a number of bosi ' s sous chefs including tom aikens , anton##in ##man and richard corrigan . sat bains went a step further and said " i would love to see claude bosi win his second star for hibiscus and win his third in time . he ’ s probably the best chef i know . " = = = = = the restaurant was designed by bosi . he has been described as an innovator and his work has been compared to that of heston blumenthal and the wild duck . one of the new dishes bosi created after his move to london was a two @ - @ roast pork dish . the first part featured roasted roast pig served with sea urchin , tomato and a fondant of sweet potato . the second , designed by his father , featured a sausage served with a salad and a truffle sauce . other dishes have included roast chicken with an apple sauce and licorice , and desserts include a lemon cake served with vanilla ice cream . bosi uses various cooking techniques , such as in the recipe for making a fresh cabbage puree , in which the cabbage is first dried into a paste and then reconstituted , but he aims only to enhance the flavour of his dishes rather than enhance those flavours by using other techniques . = = = = = jay rayner reviewed the restaurant for the observer after he moved from ludlow to london , his first time at the restaurant . while noting that elements of the menu were " very good indeed " , such as foie gras ice cream and a dessert that he described as a " colossus " , he described the desserts as a " disappointment " , calling the olive and parfait a " gloopy mess " . overall , he commented on wanting to give bosi another try . zoe ball also visited the restaurant , after it arrived in london , for the daily telegraph . she enjoyed her visit , and was impressed with the unusual mix of foods that came together with " the wonderful experience of making this food with a variety of flavours , and that it ' s in perfect condition to make many others . . . it really is something " . john walsh also reviewed it , for the observer , after the restaurant arrived in london , and gave the food four stars , and the menu and service five stars ; tom durack reviewed it for the same paper , giving the restaurant 17 out of 20 . food critics from time out visited the restaurant in 2009 , and were " disappointed " compared to their previous visit . they thoughtthat bosi ' s food style just did not work , but he said that some of his desserts were " wonderful " . andy hayler gave the restaurant a score of seven out of ten on his scale during his june 2011 visit . the best feature of his visit was a dish of venison , he thought , served with a side of beef in mulled wine and a pudding with a tomato sauce and smoked chocolate sauce , but he also felt that the food was " over @ - @ worked " and the service " too amateurish " . = = = honours and awards = = = in 2005 hibiscus was one of three restaurants to be awarded five @ - @ stars by the egon ronay restaurant guide , along with the waterside inn and restaurant # ##linson , and was named ronay ' s restaurant of the year . the restaurant made its first entry in the world ' s 50 best restaurants in 2010 , finishing in 19th place and one of three british restaurants in the list ; the following year it moved up to 43rd . the good food guide ranked hibiscus as the fifth @ - @ best restaurant in the world in its 2013 edition . the restaurant has been awarded five aa rosettes by the restaurant association .