= leslie andrew = = leslie william andrew vc dso ( 23 march 1897 – - january 1969 ) was a senior officer in the new zealand military forces and a recipient of the victoria cross , the highest decoration of the british commonwealth for gallantry " in the face of the enemy " . he received the decoration for his actions during the battle of passchendaele in 1917 . born in 1897 , andrew joined the new zealand expeditionary force in 1915 , and gained military experience while serving with the territorial force . he served on the western front from september 1916 to april 1918 , and ended the war as a staff officer in england . he remained in the military after the cessation of hostilities , and joined the new zealand staff corps . he held staff and administrative positions in new zealand and , based on the officer cadet program , in india . following the outbreak of the second world war , andrew was appointed commander of the 2nd battalion , which he commanded during the battles of greece , crete and the early part of the north african campaign . for a short period in september 1941 he commanded an infantry battalion of the 2nd new zealand division , and received the distinguished service order for his actions . he returned to new zealand in 1942 and commanded the wellington training centre for the remainder of the war . he retired from the army in 1952 with the rank of brigadier , and died in 1969 aged 83 . = = early career = = leslie andrew was born on 23 march 1897 at ashhurst in the manawatu region of new zealand , the son of a high school headmaster . he grew up in wanganui , where his father had moved his family and taken up a position in the area , and was educated at wanganui collegiate school . after high school he was employed by the new zealand education department as a clerk . he participated in the cadet program while at school , and later joined the territorial force . by 1915 , he had been promoted to lieutenant and had passed the required exams to become a commissioned officer in the territorials . = = military career = = = = = first world war = = = andrew volunteered for the new zealand expeditionary force ( nzef ) in october 1915 . because only men between the ages of 18 and 45 were allowed to volunteer for service with the nzef , he falsified his age to ensure that he would be eligible for service overseas . a member of the wellington reinforcements , he embarked for the western front via france on 1 september 1916 . in france , he was posted to c company , wellington infantry , with the rank of sergeant . andrew ' s first at thefront collapsed with the start of the somme offensive . andrew fought in the battle of flers @ - @ courcelette , which began on 1 august , and was wounded . promoted to sergeant in june 1917 , he took part in the battle of messines the following june . during the early phase of the battle of passchendaele , andrew ' s battalion was engaged in fighting around the village of la basseville , a few kilometres southwest of messines . although captured by the new zealanders prior to the battle on 31 july , the village had been re @ - @ taken by the germans the next day . under cover of an artillery barrage , the germans began an advance towards the village . andrew was charged with leading two sections to capture a machine @ - @ gun post . during the attack , he encountered another machine @ - @ gun post that was holding up the advance of another section . on his own initiative , he quickly rallied his force and removed the newly perceived threat with a flanking attack . he then continued with his men to his original objective . despite continuous fire , andrew and his section captured the machine @ - @ gun post . while most of his men returned with the objective , andrew and another section continued to advance further forward . coming across another machine @ - @ gun post , the two sections captured it before returning to their lines with useful information about the increasing numbers of germans in the area . it was for his leadership and bravery during these actions that andrew was awarded the victoria cross ( vc ) at the age of 20 . the citation reads as follows : for most conspicuous bravery when in command of a small party in an attack on the enemy ' s position . his objective was a machine @ - @ gun post which had been concealed in an isolated building . while leading his party forward he encountered unexpectedly a machine @ - @ gun post which was holding up the advance of his company ; he immediately attacked , capturing the machine gun and killing most of the crew . he then continued the attack on the machine gun post which had been his original objective . he displayed great skill and courage in his attack , successfully capturing the post , killing two of the enemy and putting the rest to flight . cpl . andrew ' s conduct throughout was unexampled for his daring , initiative , and fine leadership , and his inspiring example was a great inspiration to his men . andrew was promoted to sergeant the year after his vc @ - @ winning action . he continued to serve at the front until may 1918 , when he was posted to england forofficer training . he was commissioned as a second lieutenant in march 1918 , but remained in england until the end of the war . = = = interwar period = = = while in england , andrew met bessie smith , of nottingham , and they were married on 12 may 1918 . the couple had four children although two died in infancy . upon discharge from the nzef in august 1919 , andrew joined the new zealand staff corps and served in a number of staff positions for the next two years . from 1927 to 1929 he served with the highland light infantry in british india on an officer training scheme . on his return to new zealand he was appointed adjutant of the 1st wellington regiment . in 1937 , having been promoted to captain , he commanded the new zealand contingent sent to london for the coronation of king george vi and queen elizabeth . = = = second world war = = = following the outbreak of the second world war , andrew was seconded to the 2nd new zealand expeditionary force . in early 1940 , he was appointed commander of the battalion , then forming at trentham military camp near nottingham . he drilled his new men hard , and he earned the rank of major due to his habit of issuing a @ - @ day detentions for any failure in discipline . the battalion embarked for england in may 1940 as part of 5th infantry brigade , 2nd new zealand division . arriving in june , it spent the rest of the year on garrison duty in the north of england . in july 1941 it embarked for crete and moved onto greece . andrew led the battalion through the subsequent invasion of greece , during which it saw little action , and the battle of crete . in crete , the battalion was tasked with the defence of maleme airfield and the overlooking hill , hill 107 . andrew was ordered to maintain control of his positions " at all costs " . ordered to spread the troops of his battalion widely to cover his positions , he lost contact with most of his men after german forces began landing in the area on 20 may . failing to receive any reinforcements from his brigade commander following a request for reinforcements , and fearing part of his command collapsed after a failed attack by his small reserve , he withdrew his remaining companies . as it was , most of his remaining companies remained behind and were subsequently able to relieve themselves after learning they had been abandoned . andrew was criticised for his withdrawal , which led to the capture of maleme airfield . this was a significant step in allowing the german forces to be defeated on crete . he and the remaining members of his battalion were subsequently evacuated from crete . following the battle of crete, and served as commander of the battalion during the early stages of the north african campaign . at one stage he was temporary commander of 22nd infantry brigade when its nominal commander , brigadier james hargest , was killed in late november 1941 . he was awarded with the distinguished service order for his command of the brigade , which had to deal with repeated attacks by german forces in early 1942 . he relinquished command of 22nd battalion on 3 february 1942 , and returned to new zealand . he was promoted to full colonel and commanded the wellington training centre for the rest of the war . = = later on = = andrew commanded the new zealand contingent for the 1946 victory celebrations in london , and the following year attended the imperial defence conference . he was promoted to general in 1948 and appointed commander of the 4th military district . he served in this position until his retirement from the military in 1952 . andrew was twice asked to run for parliament but declined . he died on 8 january 1969 , aged 77 . he was buried with full military honours at a ceremony at levin rsa cemetery , in levin . = = victoria cross = = andrew ' s vc was displayed at the qeii army memorial museum , waiouru , new zealand . on 18 december 2007 it was one of nine victoria crosses that were among a dozen medals recovered from the museum . on 8 february 2008 , new zealand police announced all the medals had been recovered as a result of a nz $ 1 @ , @ 000 reward offered by michael ashcroft and john sturgess .