= ode to a nightingale = " ode to a nightingale " is a poem by john milton set either in the garden of the spaniards inn , hampstead , london or , according to milton ' friend charles armitage brown , under a plum tree in the garden of james ' house at wentworth house , also in hampstead . according to milton , a nightingale had built its nest near the house keats and brown shared in the spring of 1819 . inspired by the bird ' s song , keats wrote the poem in one day . it soon became one of his 1819 odes and was first published in journal of the fine arts the following july . " ode to a nightingale " is a pastoral poem that describes one ' s descent into the abyss of negative emotions . the tone of the poem rejects the optimistic themes of pleasure found in milton ' s other poems and , rather , explores the themes of death , transience and death , the latter being more personal to keats . the nightingale described within the poem experiences a state of death but does not actually die . instead , the songbird is capable of living through its death , which is a state that one cannot expect . the poem ends with the acceptance that death cannot exist and that death is an inevitable part of life . in the poem , keats experiences the end of the natural world and finds himself seen — as the " tree " over which the nightingale flies . the contrast between the immortal nightingale and the man sitting in his garden , is made all the more acute by an effort of the imagination . the arrival of spring is noticeable in the poem , as spring came early in 1819 , with flowers all over the heath . = = = = = of milton ' s three published odes of 1819 , " ode to psyche " , was probably written first and " to psyche " written last . sometime between these two , milton wrote " ode to a nightingale " . it is possible that " ode to a nightingale " was written between 26 april and 18 may 1819 , based on the similarities and similarities between images in the poem and those in a letter written to fanny keats on may 18 . the poem was composed in the hampstead house he shared with brown , possibly while sitting beneath a plum tree in the garden . according to keats ' friend brown , keats finished the poem in bed one morning : " in the spring of 1819 a nightingale had built her nest near my house . i felt a tranquil and continual joy in her presence ; and next morning she took his chairfrom the breakfast @ - @ tree to the tea @ - @ tree under the plum @ - @ tree , where he sat for two or three hours . when i came into the library , i saw he had some pieces of paper in his hand , and these he was quietly thrusting into the books . on inquiry , i discovered those scraps , four or five in number , expressing his own feelings about the song of the nightingale . " brown ' s account was personal , and he claimed the poem was largely inspired by his imagination and not by his own doing . however , keats relied on both his own imagination and other literature as sources for his depiction of the nightingale . the exact date of " ode to a nightingale " , as well as " ode on love " , " ode on love " , and " ode on a grecian vase " , is unknown , but keats dated all as ' may 1819 ' . however , he worked on the four poems together , and there is some unity in both their stanza ##s and their themes . the exact order the poems were written in is also unknown , but they form a sequence in their structure . while keats was writing " ode on a golden urn " and the other poems , brown made copies of the poems and submitted them to richard woodhouse . during this time , william haydon , james ' friend , was given a copy of " ode to a nightingale " , and he shared the copy with the editor of the annals of the fine arts , william elmes . elmes gave brown a small sum of money , and the poem was published in the next issue . the poem was later included in james ' 1820 collection of poems , lamia , isabella , the feast of st agnes , and other poems by pratyush kumar poems . = = = = = " ode to a nightingale " is only the first of the second set of four odes that he wrote following " ode to isabella " , according to james . there is some evidence of this in the structure of the poems because it combines two different types of lyrical structure in an experimental way : the odal hymn and the lyric of the god that comes to the odal hymn . this combination of structures is similar to that in " ode on a grecian vase " . in both poems the dual ##ism is a sort of dramatic element in the poem . the stanza forms of the poems is a combination of elements from petrarchan poetry and shakespearean sonnets . whenit regards to vowel sounds , keats uses a pattern of alternating two " short " and " long " vowel sounds in his poems . in particular , line 29 ( " and fruit @ - @ stained blood " ) uses the historical pattern of " short " followed by " long " followed by " short " and followed by " long " . this alteration is continued in other lines , including line 31 ( " away ! away ! for i will come to thee " ) which has five pairs of vowels . however , other lines , such as line 36 ( " or take the dull wine to the drains " ) rely on a pattern of two " short " vowels followed by " long " and " short " vowel pairings until they connect with a " long " vowel . these are not the only combination patterns used , and there are examples of two " short " vowels followed by a " long " vowel in other lines , including 12 , 15 , and 23 , which are repeated twice and then followed again with five pairs of " short " and then " long " vowel pairs . this reliance on vowel sounds is not unique to this ode , but is common to shelley ' s later 1819 ode and his eve of st . agnes . the poem has a strong emphasis on keeping — the pattern of vowel sounds — in a conscious pattern , as found in many of his poems . such a reliance on vowels is found in a few later poems . within " ode to a nightingale " , an example of this pattern can be found in line 40 ( " already with thee ! tender is the night " ) , where the " ea " of " already " connects with the " ea " of " tender " and the " i " of " with " connects with the " i " of " without " . this same pattern is found again in line 41 ( " i cannot see what things are outside my window " ) with the " a " of " cannot " connecting with the " a " of " at " and the " ee " of " cannot " connecting with the " ee " of " feet " . this type of assonance can be found in approximately a tenth of the lines of keats ' s later poems . when it came to other rhyme patterns , keats relied on double or triple vowels in about 6 % of all of the 1819 odes . an example from " ode to a nightingale " can be found in line 1 ( " the tree , the thicket , and the fruit @ - @ stained. " ) . the pauses after the chorus are a " masculine " technique . furthermore , he attempted to reduce the amount of latin @ - @ - words and syntax that he relied on in his poems , which in turn reduced the length of the words that comprise the poem . there is also an emphasis on words beginning with consonants , especially those that begin with " b " , " p " or " w " . these extra consonants are relied on heavily in the first stanza , and they are used syzygically to create a different tone within the poem . in terms of poetic form , shelley relies on spondee in his 1819 poem and in writing about 90 % of his lines within " ode to a nightingale " , including line 12 : and line 34 : to henry jackson taylor , the use of stops in lines 31 – 34 creates a feeling of slow flight , and " in the first stanza . . . the heavy use of the spondees , together with the stops , lend [ s ] an almost phonetic sense of the peculiar speed and grace of the bird in its flight . " = = = = = my heart pounds , and a drowsy numbness pains my sense , as if of course i had drunk , and emptied the dull water to the drains one minute ago , and lethe @ - @ wards had said : ' 4 and through envy of thy own ##ness , 5 live far too long in thine life , that thou , thou @ - @ the leaves of the forest , in some small plot of beechen green , and shadows green , singest of me in her @ - @ throated voice . 14 o for a glass of wine ! that hath been cool ' til a long time in the past @ - @ green wine , full of wine and the country @ - @ green , dance , and sweet wine , and sweet wine ! o for a beaker full of the sweet wine ! 15 full of the true , the true hippocrene , with beaded bubbles winking at the brim , and the @ - @ stained mouth ; that thou may drink , and see the world unseen , and with thee go away into the forest . : 16 fade far away , light , and quite forget what thou among the stars hast never known , the weariness , the pain , and the sorrow ##fulness , where we sit and hear each other sing ; where it is a long , sad , last24 hairs , 25 where she grows old , and dies @ - @ ages , and dies ; where but to look is to be full of sorrow and pain @ - @ she despairs ; where beauty cannot reach her old eyes , or new eyes look at them beyond to @ - @ morrow . 45 fly ! away ! for i will fly to thee , not bound by death and his pards , but on the viewless wings of poesy , though the dull brain perplexes and fears : fly with thee ! tender is the night , meet and haply the queen @ - @ moon is on her face , cluster ' d about her all her starry , but now there is no light , nor what from afar is with the wind blowing in verdurous glooms and in dark ways . 40 i cannot see what flowers fall upon my feet , nor what cold dew falls upon the boughs , or , in the end , guess each , wherewith the seasonable month endows the grass , the flowers , and the fruit @ - @ grows old ; 45 the hawthorn , and the white ##s ; and @ - @ fading , cover ' d her old leaves ; and and @ - @ life ' s sweet song , the sweet musk @ - @ flowers , full of sweet petals , the sweet song of flies on the eves . 50 darkling , listen ; and , for many a year i have been half in love with easeful death , ask ' d him now , in such a sweet rhyme , to take into the air my quiet voice ; 54 more than ever seems it impossible to die , 55 to cease upon the earth with no sound , when thou art singing out thy soul , in such sweet ecstasy ! still wouldst thou sing , and yet my song in vain — to thy high requiem become a song . 60 thou wast not born for long , my life ! the wise men tread thee now ; the voice i hear this passing night was made in those days of emperor and empress : perhaps the same @ - @ same voice that carved a path straight through the sad heart of death , when , sick for days , she wept in tears amid the green hills ; the same that now hath ring ' d magic casements , opening on the shores of the seas , and the lands beyond . 70 ah ! the very voice , like a bell to toll , backfrom thee to my sole friend ! adieu ! the nightingale cannot cheat as well as she is able to do , deceiving me . farewell ! farewell ! thy sweet voice fades , past the green wood , over the green valley , over the hill @ - @ side ; and now ' s buried , in the green valley @ - @ glades : is this a dream , or a waking dream ? and by that music : — do i wake or sleep ? 80 = = = = = " ode to a nightingale " presents a series of conflicts between reality and the romantic idea of uniting with nature . in the words of richard fogle , " the central theme of the poem is a struggle between imaginary and actual : inclusive terms which , however , imply more than antitheses of pleasure and pain , of imagination and common sense ##ness , of fullness and emptiness , of permanence and change , of reality and the imagination , of art and science , slavery and bondage , reality and fantasy . " of course , the nightingale ' s song is the central , and dominant " voice " within the poem . the nightingale is also the subject of discussion and discussion throughout the poem . however , the introduction and the rest of the poem is not only about the nightingale and the poem , but about human experience in general . this is not to say that the nightingale is a simple object , but it is a complex one that is formed by the interaction of the two emotions of joy and questioning . on this theme , david perkins describes the way " ode to a nightingale " and " ode on a grecian vase " perform this when he says , " we are dealing with a talent , indeed an entire contribution to poetry , one which symbol , though necessary , could possibly not satisfy as the central concern of poetry , any more than it could with music , but is nevertheless an element in the poetry and art of human experience " . however , there is a difference between an urn and a nightingale in that the nightingale is not an eternal object . furthermore , in describing this aspect of the nightingale , during the poem the poet separates any union that he can have with the nightingale . the nightingale ' s role within the poem is connected to the art of poetry in a way that the nightingale in " ode on a grecian vase " is connected to the art of poetry . as such , the nightingale would represent an enchanting beauty and , like the urn , is directly connected to nature . the natural music , theit stands for beauty and lacks a sense of reality . it follows coleridge ' s belief , as found in " the nightingale " , in withdrawing from the world and losing himself in the nightingale ' s song . although he favours a feminine bird over shelley ' s masculine bird , both reject the traditional depiction of the nightingale as related to the story of philomela . their songbird is a female nightingale that lacks the romantic tone of other literary works . the bird is not a voice in the poem , but it is a voice that compels the narrator to join with in and forget the rest of the world . however , there is irony in that the nightingale holds keats ' s guilt over the death of tom sawyer , his friend . the poem ' s conclusion represents the result of trying to escape into the realm of fancy . in percy bysshe shelley ’ s " to a skylark " , keats ’ s narrator listens to the nightingale song , but listening to the sound of “ ode to a nightingale ” is more painful and akin to dreaming . the narrator wants to connect with the nightingale and uses his sense of hearing in order to hear the sound in an attempt to communicate in the darkness with the nightingale . as the poem ends , the illusion created by the nightingale is broken and the narrator is left wondering if it was a real sound or just a dream . the poem reliance on the process of reflection common to keats ' s poems , and " ode to a nightingale " shares many of the same elements as keats ' s sleep and adam and eve of st . agnes . this further separates the image of the nightingale ' s song from its closest comparative counterpart , the urn , found in " ode to a glass vase " . the nightingale is distant and mysterious , and it disappears at the end of the poem . the mirror also emphasizes the shadowiness and mystery of the nightingale . these elements make it possible for there to be a true self @ - @ identification with the nightingale , but it also allows for self @ - @ awareness to permeate throughout the poem , albeit in an altered form . midway through the poem , there is a split between the two actions of the narrator : the first attempts to identify with the nightingale and its song , and the second is the convergence of the past with the future while avoiding the present . this second theme is part of keats ' s view of human progression in the mansion of many apartments and how man develops from experiencing and wantingonly leads to the truth , a mixture of both pleasure and pain . the wheat fields and the nightingale ' s song in the second half of the poem represent the pleasurable sensations that overwhelm the narrator like a drug . however , the drug does not last long , and the narrator is left with pain until the narrator is left without the truth . instead of accepting the coming truth , the narrator turns to poetry to recover from the loss of pleasure . poetry does not bring about the truth that the narrator often asks for , but it does distract him from his desire for only pleasure . due to this emphasis on pleasure , albert guerard , jr . argues that the poem represents a " desire not for art but for free will of any kind . the theme of the poem is that of memory by association , so that the movement of time is at the mercy of words evoked by memory , such words that fade and echo , the same words that , like a bell , call the poet back to his sole self . " however , fogle points out that the words guerard uses are " literal translations " and that guerard misunderstands poe ' s aesthetic . after all , the result of the loss of pleasure at the end of the poem is an acceptance of life and , in turn , of death . death was a recurring theme that permeated much of the poem because he was close to many of his family members throughout his life . within the poem , there are many images of death . the nightingale experiences a sense of death and even the god apollo fears death , but his death reveals his own divine nature . john perkins explains , " but , of course , the poem is not meant to be literally literal . the point is that the poet or the nightingale can sing without dying . for , as the poem makes clear , man cannot — or at least live in a visionary way . " with this theme of a loss of pleasure and inevitable death , the poem , according to claude finney , describes " the inadequacy of the final escape from the world of reality to the world of ideal ##ism " . earl wasserman essentially agrees with finney , but he expands his summation of the poem to include the theme of keats ' s mansion of the apartments when he says , " the theme of the poem is the search for the light , the constant quest for light in its absence " and this " leads inevitably to an eternal darkness , or a gradual acceptance of howimpenetrable the mystery is to us . " with these themes in mind , the poem recalls burns ' s earlier view of death and an earlier view of death found in his earlier works , including sleep and poetry , and rejects them . this lack of death and incorporation of death also gives the poem a demonic tone , which links " ode to a nightingale " with burns ' other poems that discuss the demonic nature of the ##s , particularly lamia . in the poem , burns discusses the loss of the natural world and sees himself as — he uses an abstract , almost abstract metaphor for death — as a " sod " from which the nightingale sings . the contrast between the dying nightingale and mortal man , sitting in his lap , is made all the more striking by the effort of the poet . = = keats ' s poem = = the friends of keats praised the poem , and it was frequently mentioned in their reviews . an anonymous review of burns ' s poetry that ran in the august and september 1820 london magazine wrote : " amongst the minor poems we find the ' ode to the nightingale . ' indeed , we are inclined to prefer it beyond every other poem in the book ; but let the reader know . the sixth and seventh stanzas have a charm for us which we should find very difficult to resist . we have read this poem over and over again , and each time with increased interest . " at the same time , leigh hunt wrote a review of keats ' s poetry for the 2 august and 9 august 1820 the times : " as a specimen of the poems , which are all minor , we may indulge ourselves in quoting from the ' ode to a nightingale ' . there is that mixture in it of real melancholy and real relief , which he often provides her with her ' tea ##s , ' and which some very @ - @ - critics have undertaken to find wrong because it is not true . it does not matter that what is not true to them , is not true to others . if the mixture is real , the mixture is good and bad . " john scott , in an anonymous review for the september 1820 issue of the london magazine , argued for the superiority of keats ' s poetry as demonstrated by poems including " ode to a nightingale " : the work which has been done to our poet ' s memory , in all their poetical merit , rendered us doubly anxious , on reading his last volume , to find something likely to take a hold of our minds , and thus turnan overwhelming power against the vast amount of poetry , more eminently promising in all respects , than even the present age has been called upon to encourage . we have not found it to be quite all that we desired in this work - - and it would have been very unfortunate if we had , for our wishes went far beyond our means . but we have found it of good nature to bring to common understandings the extraordinary power with which the author ' s mind is gifted , in a more natural and natural manner than that in which it has appeared in any of his former works . it is , therefore , necessary to throw light on the lying , vulgar heart , in which this poor man in the temple of the muses has always cried @ - @ constituted ; whatever we may still leave to be considered as to the nature and degree of his literary merits . take for instance , as proof of the justice of our opinion , the following lines from an ode to the nightingale : - - it is sad , sad , pathetic , and beautiful : the poets have no need of direct communication with naturally @ - @ constituted hearts : the echoes of the strain still bout the spirit of the poem . in his review for the 21 january 1835 edinburgh review , hunt claimed that when keats wrote the poem , " the poet had brought his mortal pain upon him , and knew it . nor was the cry of death heard . " william moir , in 1851 , quoted the abbot of st agnes to claim , " we have found this kind of descriptive verse luxuriously rich and varied ; and the best lines , from the ' ode to a nightingale , ' come from a far more profound fountain of inspiration . " by the end of the 19th century , robert bridges ' s analysis of the poem was the dominant view and would influence later interpretations of the poem . bridges , in 1895 , agreed that the poem was the best of shelley ' s odes but also argued that the poem contained too much artificial language . in particular , he criticised the use of the word " forlorn " and the final stanza as good examples of shelley ' s artificial language . in " two poems of shelley ' s " ( 1897 ) , william c wilkinson argued that " ode to a nightingale " is badly flawed because it contains too many " nonsense words " that failed to supply a standard of logic that would allow the reader to understand the relationship between the poet and the narrator . however , herbert grierson, arguing in 1928 , believed nightingale to be superior to " ode on the grecian urn " , " ode to spring " , and " ode to autumn " , making the exact ##ity of this . he argued that " nightingale " , along with " to autumn " , required a greater amount of serious thought and more aptly presented the point they were intended to make . = = = 20th @ - @ century = = = = at the beginning of the 20th century , rudyard bridge referred to lines 69 and 70 , alongside other lines from samuel taylor mill ' s kubla khan , when he wrote of nightingale : " of all the millions permitted there are no more than two — very little , — of which one can say , ' these are the words . these are the vision . the rest are only poetry . ' " in 1906 , alexander mackie wrote : " the nightingale and the nightingale for long enjoyed poetic expression - - a privilege they enjoyed solely on account of their pre @ - @ status as song writers . keats ' s ode to a nightingale and bridge ' s ode to a nightingale were two of the classics of english literature ; but they were written by men who had no claim to special or exact knowledge of ornithology as such . " sidney colvin , in 1920 , argued , " in this ode keats ’ s genius is at its height . language cannot be more rich and satisfying , sense of rhythm and rhyme cannot be more absolute , than in the several other stanzas calling for the draft of a vintage [ … ] to praise the genius of a passage like that in the seventh stanza [ … ] to praise or comment on a work of genius like this is to throw doubt on the poet ’ his power to perceive beauty for himself . " bridge ' s view of " ode to a nightingale " was taken up by h . h . garrod in his 1926 analysis of bridge ' s poems . as william gerard would write , in 1944 , garrod argued that the problem with keats ' s poetry was his emphasis on the imagery and the language instead of the abstract thoughts of the poet . when describing the seventh stanza of the poem , maurice chevalier , in 1933 , wrote , " and then comes the stanza , with that little spark of imagination at the end which catches the light as blown by the wind , one of those characteristic sudden flashes with which keats lights the most ordinary fire . " he also wrote of the seventh stanza : " andas for the great stanza in which the imagination is fanned to yet whiter light , the stanza that would , i suppose , by common sense be taken , along with kubla khan , as giving us the distilled spirit of ' romanticism ' " . brooks concluded of the stanza that " i do not believe that any reader who has seen him at work on the more exquisitely finished of the stanzas on the eve of st . agnes , and heard this man slowly elaborating and writing , will ever believe that this great poem was written with the same speed with which , in the draft we have , it was obviously written out . " in 1936 , f . r . leavis wrote , " one remembers the poem both as recording , and as being for the reader , an indulgence . " following leavis , cleanth brooks and robert penn warren , in their 1938 essay , described the poem as " a very difficult poem . it has some complications which we must surely get over if we are to understand the nature and extent of the problems involved . " brooks would later write in the book @ - @ wrought poet ( 1947 ) that the poem was thematically coherent , contradicting many of the negative criticisms made against the poem . richard fogle responded to the critical attack on brooks ' s emphasis on rhyme and meter put forth by garrod , gerard , and others in 1953 . his argument was similar to brooks : that the poem is thematically coherent and that there is a character within the poem that is distinct from keats the author of the poem . as such , keats consciously chose the differences in the themes of the poem and the changes in the poem and the difficulty encountered when comparing the real world to an imaginary world existing in the imagination . fogle also responded positively to the criticisms made by leavis : " i find mr . leavis somewhat austere , but he points out a quality which is much sought for . his simplicity and prodigality is , however , modified to a degree of sobriety . " it is possible that fogle ' s criticisms were a criticism of romanticism as a group that was not unified in terms of thought and literary ability . wasserman , writing in 1953 , wrote that " of all keats ' poems , it is probably the ' ode to a nightingale ' that has most excited the critic [ . . . ] after the reading of the ' ode to a nightingale ' the volume will go on . forces , withleaves the reader , not only without resolution , but without hope of resolution ; and the poet turns away from his journey with the sense that he has been in ' a dark place ' " . he then wrote , " it is this turbulence , i suspect , that has led stanley sadie to believe the ode ' at least tries to say everything that poetry an ##s . ' but i propose it is the ' ode on a singing nightingale ' that succeeds in saying what poetry can say , and that the whole ode attempts to say everything that the poet says . " = = = later critical responses = = = although the poem was praised by a few critics , e . j . pettet objected to the argument that the poem lacked any meaning and emphasized the word " nightingale " as part of his point . in his 1957 work , pettet did praise the poem . he wrote , " the ode to a nightingale has a special interest in that most of us would not regard it as the most highly representative of all shakespeare ’ s poems . the reasons for this quality are immediately apparent : there is its matchless description of that late spring and early summer time [ … ] and there is its exceptional degree of ' concentration ' , of concentrated concentration " . john perkins felt the need to defend the use of the word " nightingale " and argued that it represented the suffering from the loneliness of not being able to live in the realm of the imagination . when praising the poem in 1959 , perkins claimed , " although the " ode to a nightingale " ranges more widely than the " ode on a nightingale theme , " the poem can only be understood as the exploration or testing out of a world , and , combined with the nightingale as a symbol , the nightingale would seem to have its limitations and possibilities . " walter russell bate has made a strong defense of the word " forlorn " by arguing that the poem begins by describing the difficulty of reaching that land . when describing the poem relative to the rest of english poetry , bate argued in 1963 , " ode to a nightingale " is among " the finest poems in english " and the only one written with such quality : " we are inclined to doubt whether any poem in english of comparable length and quality has been composed so quickly . " in 1968 , john gittins wrote , " it may well be reasonable to regard [ ode on indolence and ode on love ] as keats ' s best work in this [ ode ] ., and the great nightingale and grecian poems , his most recent and greatest works . " from the late 1960s onward , critics of the yale school of drama describe the poem as a reworking of john milton ' s poetic diction , as they felt that poem showed that keats lacked the quality of milton as a poet . the critics , harold bloom ( 1965 ) , leslie brisman ( 1973 ) , paul goodman ( 1980 ) , john murray ( 1981 ) and david chase ( 1985 ) , all focused on the connection with milton as a precursor to " ode to a nightingale " while ignoring other possibilities , including shakespeare who was seen as being the source of many of keats ' s poems . responding to the criticism of milton and shakespeare ' s critics , critics like a . s . white ( 1981 ) and stuart spiegelman ( 1983 ) used the poetic echoes to search for a variety of sources for the poem to claim that keats was either trying to return to milton or escape from his poetry . however , " ode to a nightingale " was an original poem , as white wrote , " the poem is richly rooted in shakespeare , yet the assimilations are so profound that the poem is completely original , and wholly keatsian " . furthermore , spiegelman claimed that shakespeare ' s a midsummer night ' s dream had " enriched and ripened the later poems " . this was followed in 1986 by jonathan bate claiming that keats was " left behind by the voice of lear , the ' great bird ' " . commenting on the quality of the poem , david sperry , argued in 1973 , " ' ode to a nightingale ' is the first example in john keats ' s poetry of the impulse to imaginative ##ness that arises in the face of the reality of human existence , the impulse as expressed in ' away ! away ! for i will fly to thee . ' " neil hirst , in 1981 , described the poem as " highly celebrated " and argued that " since this movement into the poetic realm of reality is one of the most important in literature , the poem ' s return to milton is all the more important . " barbara vendler continued the initial view that the poem was artificial and added that the poem was an attempt to be aesthetic and spontaneous that was later abandoned . in 1983 , she argued , " in its absence of imagery and its abandonment to reverie , the poem belongs to those who regard it as the most personal , the most completely original , themost profoundly affecting , and the most profound of keats ' s odes . i believe that the ' words ' of the ode , as it unfolds in verse , have more logic , however , than is usually given them , and that they are best understood in relation to keats ' s rejection of the idea of poetry as a nonrepresentational art . " in a review of the reviews of " ode to a nightingale " in 1998 , james o ' rouke claimed that " to judge from the volume , the reception , and the sheer force of the modern critical response received , there have been few poems in english literary history as baffling as keats ' s use of the word ' nightingale ' " . when referring to the reliance of the poetry of john milton and william blake within the poem , poet laureate andrew motion , in 1999 , said " whose conception of poetry is a ' transition ' from human experience to an experience of suffering humanity it perfectly illustrates . " = = in . = = f . scott fitzgerald took the title of his novel dark is the night from the 35th line of the ode . according to ildiko - papp carrington , stevens ' line , " when , longing for sleep , / she lay in bed amid the tall corn " , is to be echoed in author alice munro ' s novel the raven ( 1998 ) , the title of which reads : " she would lie down [ . . . ] with nothing in her head but the rustle of the deep tall corn which may have stopped growing now but had made its sweet noise after death " ( original title ) . the poem is quoted in chapter 2 of p . g . wodehouse ' s novel the raven ( 1947 ) : " ' coming here ? freddie ? ' . a numbness seemed to be in his eyes , as if of course he had forgotten . "