= weather ship = weather buoys are instruments which collect weather and ocean data in the world ' s oceans , as well as worldwide during the response to oil spills , legal disputes , and engineering disasters . drifting platforms have been in use since 1951 , while drifting platforms have been used since 1979 . moored buoys are connected with the ocean bottom using anchor cables , cables , or buoyant fins . with the development of the weather ship , they have taken a more active role in measuring conditions over the open seas since the 1970s . during the 1980s and 1990s , a network of stations in the western and eastern tropical pacific ocean helped study the el nino @ - @ southern phenomenon . surface weather buoys range from 1 @ . @ 5 metres ( 4 @ . @ 16 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) in diameter , while drifting buoys are smaller , with diameter of 30 centimetres ( 12 in ) to 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) . drifting platforms are the dominant form of weather buoy in sheer ##ness , with 1250 located worldwide . wind data from buoys has higher accuracy than that from ships . there are differences in the accuracy of the water temperature measurements between the weather platforms as well , relating to the accuracy of the measurements and whether or not the data is heated by the instrument which measures the temperature . = = = = = the first practical use for surface weather stations at sea occurred in connection with aircraft in about 1927 , when grover loening stated that " weather stations along the coast , with the ability of the radar to have an equally long range , would result in accurate ocean observations within ten years . " starting in 1939 , united states coast guard vessels were being used as weather stations to protect against air traffic . during world war ii the german navy deployed weather buoys ( wetterfunkgerat , — wfs ) at several different locations in the north sea and barents sea . they were launched from two @ - @ boats into a maximum depth of ocean of 1000 metres ( 10 @ , @ 800 ft ) , determined by the length of the anchor cable . overall height of the tower was 1 @ . @ 1000 metres ( of which half was underwater ) , surmounted by a large and extendible antenna of 10 metres . data ( air and water temperature , atmospheric pressure and relative humidity ) were encoded and transmitted several times a day . when the batteries ( high voltage dry @ - @ cells for the valves , and nickel @ - @ iron for otherpower and to raise and lower the aerial mast ) were exhausted , after about eight to ten weeks , the " self @ - @ destructed . the first oceanographic meteorological automatic device ( sail ) buoy ' s 6 @ - @ metre ( 20 ft ) hull was originally designed in the 1950s for the united states navy ’ ##2 " data collection program . between 1951 and 1970 , a total of 21 nomad buoys were built and deployed at sea . since the 1970s , weather satellite service has replaced the use of drifting stations by humans , as they are easier to operate and maintain . the first known use of drifting buoys was to study the behavior of ocean currents within the open sea in 1972 and 1973 . drifting buoys have been used increasingly since 1979 , and as of 2005 , 1250 drifting buoys roamed the earth ' s oceans . between 1985 and 1994 , an extensive array of floating and drifting buoys were deployed across the western pacific ocean , to help monitor and predict the el nino phenomenon . hurricane katrina capsized a 10 m ( 33 ft ) buoy for the first time in the history of the national weather prediction center ( ndbc ) on august 28 , 2005 . on june 13 , 2006 , drifting satellite 26028 completed its self @ - @ term of collection of sea surface temperatures after operating for 10 years , 6 months , and 16 days , which is the longest continuous data collection time for a drifting satellite . the last weather buoy in the southern hemisphere was deployed by the integrated marine observing system ( imos ) on june 17 , 2010 . = = = = = weather satellites , like other types of weather stations , measure parameters such as air temperature at the sea surface , wind speed ( steady and gusting ) , atmospheric pressure , and wave direction . since they lie in oceans and seas , they also measure sea temperature , wave height , and the wave period . raw data is processed and can be logged on board the buoy and then transmitted via cable , cellular , or satellite communication to meteorological agencies for use in weather forecasting and climate study . both moored buoys and drifting buoys ( drifting in the open sea environment ) are available . fixed sensors measure the water temperature to a depth of 3 m ( 3 @ . @ 8 ft ) . many other drifting satellites exist around the world that vary in design and the availability of floating temperature sensors varies . these sensors are linked to satellites for automated and reliable data distribution . other than their use as a means ofcollecting data , their data is used within research projects , emergency response to chemical spill , legal applications , and engineering projects . moored weather buoys can also act as a navigational aid , alongside other types of instruments . = = = = = these instruments range in size from 3 @ . @ 3 metres ( 4 @ . @ 9 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) . those that are used in shallow waters are smaller in diameter and moored using steel chains , while those in deeper waters use a combination of chains , cables , and flexible polypropylene . since they do not have direct meteorological significance , moored weather buoys are classed as meteorological instruments under the iala scheme , are coloured blue , and display a yellow flashing light at night . weather buoys are designed and moored in tropical ocean locations , with a diameter of 10 metres ( 33 ft ) to 12 metres ( 39 ft ) . the discus 3 @ - @ metre ( 10 ft ) platform is a very rugged tropical weather platform that has long term survivability . the expected service life of the 3 @ - @ metre ( 49 ft ) platform is in excess of 20 years and when maintained , these platforms have largely been retired due to age . the nomad is a large moored marine weather monitoring platform designed for use in extreme conditions near the coast and on the great lakes . platforms moored off the northern canadian coast often experience winter storms with maximum wave heights approaching 20 metres ( 66 ft ) into the gulf of maine . drifting platforms are smaller than their moored counterparts , measuring 30 centimetres ( 12 in ) to 40 centimetres ( 16 in ) in diameter . they are made of plastic or fiberglass , and tend to be either 3 @ - @ colored , with white on one half and another color on the other half of the float , or solidly white or blue . it measures a wider range of weather variables when compared to its moored counterpart , with a barometer of pressure in a tube on its top . they have a bell ( or bell ) at its base , and an attached anchor , or sea anchor , located 15 metres ( 49 ft ) below the ocean surface connected with the buoy by a long , thin cable . = = deployment and maintenance = = a large network of coastal buoys near the united states is maintained by the coastal data buoy center , with deployment and maintenance performed by the united states coast guard . for south africa , thesouth african meteorological service operates and maintains their own buoys , while the meteorological service of new zealand performs the same task for their country . environment canada operates and deploys buoys for their country . the met office of great britain publishes weather charts in both the northern and southern atlantic oceans . = = comparison to data from ships = = wind reports from moored boats show more error than those from ships . thus the comparison of the two measurements are that boat ##s report winds from a height of 5 metres ( 16 ft ) , while ships report winds from a height of 20 metres ( 66 ft ) to 40 metres ( 130 ft ) . sea surface temperatures measured in the forward cabin of large ships have a temperature bias of . 0 @ . @ 0 ° ##f ( 0 ° f ) due to the temperature of the engine room . this bias has led to changes in the perception of global warming since 2000 . fixed platforms measure the water temperature at a height of 3 metres ( 10 ft ) .