= you only live twice ( film ) = you only live twice ( 1967 ) is the fifth bond film in the james bond series , and the fifth to star sean connery as the fictional mi6 agent james bond . the film ' s screenplay was written by roald dahl , and loosely based on ian fleming ' s 1964 novel of the same name . it is the first james bond film to discard much of fleming ' s plot , using only a few characters and locations from the book as the basis for an entirely new story . in the film , bond is sent to japan after soviet and japanese military spacecraft disappeared mysteriously in 1967 . with each nation blaming the other amidst the cold war , bond travels secretly to a remote japanese island in order to find the perpetrators and comes face to face with baron stavro blofeld , the head of spectre . the film features the appearance of blofeld , who was previously a partially fictional character . he is manipulating the government of an unnamed foreign country , revealed to be the people ' s republic of china , in order to provoke war between the two . during the filming in japan , it was announced that sean connery would retire from the role of bond . returning after a hiatus , he returned in 1971 ' s diamonds are forever and later 1983 ' s - @ - @ eon bond : never say never again . you only live twice is the first bond film to be directed by lewis gilbert , who also directed the 1977 film the spy who loved me and the 1979 film moonraker , both starring roger moore . you only live twice was a great success , receiving positive reviews and grossing over $ 111 million in the box office . = = plot = = an american nasa spacecraft is hijacked from japan by an alien spacecraft . the u . s . suspect it to be the work of the soviets , while the japanese suspect japanese , since the spacecraft disappeared in the sea of japan . to investigate , mi6 operative james bond is sent to tokyo after causing his own death in hong kong and being buried at sea from the hms tenby ( f65 ) . upon his arrival , bond is contacted by aki , assistant to the japanese secret service agent hiroshi tanaka while watching sumo . aki introduces bond to local mi6 operative dikko henderson . henderson claims to have gathered evidence on the alien spacecraft , but is killed before he can speak . bond chases and kills the man , taking the man ' s clothing as a disguise and escaping in the getaway ., which leads him to osato chemicals . once there , bond subdues the driver and breaks into the office building of a mr . osato . after stealing documents , bond is pursued by japanese security , but is rescued by aki , who escapes to a secluded police station . bond follows her , but knocks down a trap ##door leading to tanaka ' s office . the stolen documents are examined and found to contain a map of the japanese ship ning @ - @ po with a coded message saying the tourist who took the documents was killed as a security guard . bond travels to osato chemicals to meet mr . osato himself , posing as a potential arms dealer . osato humours bond but , after their meeting , orders his superior , helga brandt , to have him killed . outside the building , soldiers open fire on bond before aki shoots him again . bond and aki fly to kobe , where the ning @ - @ po is docked . they infiltrate the ship ' s production facilities and discover that the ship is delivering elements for nuclear weapons . they are discovered , but bond eludes the henchmen until aki gets away ; however , bond himself is captured and knocked out . he wakes , tied up in spectre in helga brandt ' s office on the ning @ - @ po . she visits bond , where she discovers he has managed to fight his way to freedom . brandt then flies bond to tokyo but , en route , she sets off a bomb in the airport and bails out . bond manages to board the plane . after finding out where the ning @ - @ po is , bond flies to the island in a heavily armed plane created by q . near a volcano , bond is attacked by helicopters , which he defeats , confirming his suspicions that the enemy ' s base is nearby . a soviet spacecraft is then captured in japan by an unidentified force , raising tensions between russia and the us . the soviet craft lands at an extensive base just outside the volcano . it is revealed that the true mastermind behind this is baron stavro blofeld and brandt . blofeld refuses to forgive brandt for her attempt to kill bond , but as she leaves , he triggers a bomb that drops her into a pool of piranha . blofeld instructs osato to kill bond . bond escapes with tanaka ' s ninjas , during which the attempted assassination kills aki instead . bond is disguised as an american in a arranged marriage to tanaka' s daughter , kissy suzuki . acting on a tip from suzuki , the pair reconnoiter a cave and the volcano within it . establishing that the mouth of the cave is a secret hatch to the secret rocket base , bond goes in , while kissy goes to find tanaka . bond locates and frees the captured japanese and , with their help , steals a spacesuit in order to infiltrate the american submarine " bird one " . however , blofeld shoots bond , and he is captured when bird one is attacked . bird one closes in on the japanese space ##port , and us forces prepare to launch a surprise attack on the base . meanwhile , the japanese ninjas approach the base ' s entrance , but are detected and fired upon . bond manages to open the hatch , letting in the ninjas . during the ensuing battle , bond fights his way to the control room and activates bird one ' s self @ - @ destruct before it destroys the american spacecraft . the japanese stand by their forces . blofeld destroys the base ' s self @ - @ defense system and escapes . bond , kissy , tanaka , and the japanese ninjas escape before the base explodes . = = = = = sean connery as james bond : an mi6 agent . akiko wakabayashi as aki : an agent with the american sis who assists bond . mie hama as kissy suzuki : an ama diving instructor who replaces aki after her death . donald pleasence as baron stavro blofeld : the ruthless leader of the terrorist group known as m . he plans to ignite a worldwide nuclear war . tetsuro tamba as general tanaka : head of the secret service . teru shimada as dr . osato : a japanese scientist secretly affiliated to spectre . karin dor as helga meyer / no . 1 : osato ' s secretary and a spectre operative . bernard lee as m : the head of mi6 . charles napier as dikko henderson : a contact living in london . burt kwouk as spectre 3 : one of blofeld ' s henchmen . lois maxwell as miss moneypenny : m ' s secretary . desmond llewelyn as m : head of mi6 chinese section . tsai chin - chin : an mi6 operative in hong kong . ronald rich as hans : blofeld ' s german contact . hiroshi toguri as man in bedroom : one of osato ' s associates , who isaki . peter maivia as car ##o : one of osato ' s cars , who follows bond . = = production = = on her majesty ' s secret service was the intended bond film , but the producers refused to adapt you only live twice , because it would require shooting for high and snowy locations . lewis gilbert initially declined the offer to direct , but accepted after producer albert r . broccoli approached him saying : " you can ' t give me this job . it ' s the largest country in the world . " peter s . hunt , who directed the first five bond films , said that gilbert had been praised by the producers for his work and they felt they had to use him . gilbert , brothers david and harry saltzman , production designer ken adam and director of photography freddie young all travelled to japan , spending three weeks searching for locations . spectre ’ s sea fortress headquarters was converted to an extinct volcano after the team learned that the japanese do not build castles by the sea . the group was due to return to the uk on a boac boeing 707 , ( boac flight 911 ) on 31 october 1966 , but cancelled after being told they had a chance to watch another bond movie . that flight crashed 25 minutes after takeoff , killing all on board . in tokyo , the crew finally found gilbert , who decided to go on holiday after having his offer to direct declined . hunt was invited to direct the second film for you only live twice and accepted the job . unlike most james bond films featuring exotic locations around the world , almost the entire film is set in one country and several scenes are devoted to an actual japanese wedding . this is in keeping with fleming ' s original novel , which had devoted a number of pages to the study of japanese culture . toho studios provided soundstages , sets , and the best japanese stars to the film . = = = = = = = the producers had harold jack bloom come to japan with them to write a script . bloom ' s work was ultimately rejected , but since several of his ideas were used in the final film , he was given the title of " original source material " . among the changes were the ending with bond ' s fake death and burial at sea , and the alternate ending . as the screenwriter of the previous bond films richard maibaum was unavailable , roald dahl , a close friend of ian fleming , was chosen to write the script , having no previous experience writing a screenplay except for the novel the gates of hell . ting @ - @ a@ - @ ling @ - @ - @ - @ ling . dahl said that the original novel was " ian fleming ’ s last book , with no plot in it which would even become a movie " , and compared it to a travelogue , stating that he had to create a new story " [ though ] i could use only four or five of the original story ' s characters . " when creating the script , dahl said he " didn ' t know what the real fleming was going to do " despite having to write the first draft in two weeks , and decided to do a basic plot similar to dr . no . dahl was given almost free rein on his script , except for the character of bond and " the girl problem " , involving three women for bond to meet : an ally and a henchwoman who would get married , and the main bond girl . while the third was a character from the book , kissy suzuki , dahl had to create aki and helga , to fulfil the formula . gilbert was mostly disappointed with dahl ' s work , and the writer said : " he not only helped with script writing , he had some good ideas and then left you alone , and when you saw the whole thing , he shot it . other directors have such an ego that they have to take over and put their own dialogue together , and it ' s always there . what i loved so much about lewis gilbert was that he just took the script and shot it . that ' s the way to direct : you either know your audience or you don ' t . " = = = = = = = when the time came to make you only live twice , the producers were faced with the problem of a disenchanted star . sean connery has said that he was tired of playing james bond and tired of the associated commitment ( time spent filming and publicising each character ) , together with finding it difficult to find other work , which would potentially lead to typecasting . saltzman and broccoli were able to persuade connery by increasing his fee for the role , but gave time to look for a replacement . jan werich was originally chosen by producer harry saltzman to play blofeld . upon his arrival on the pinewood set , both producer joseph r . broccoli and director lewis gilbert felt that he was a poor choice , playing a " big , fat santa claus " . however , in an effort to make the film work , gilbert continued filming . after three weeks , both gilbert and dahl determined thatwerich thought not menacing enough , and replaced blofeld with donald pleasence in the role . pleasence ' s suggestions for blofeld ' s appearance included a mustache , a limp , a beard , and a lame nose , so he decided on the mustache . he found it difficult , though , because of the glue that attached it to his eye . many different actresses were tested for helga , including german actress eva renzi who worked on the film , with german actress karin dor being cast . dor performed the stunt of jumping into a river to prevent helga ' s demise herself , without the use of a mask . however , for the german actress dor was dubbed by somebody else . gilbert had chosen tetsuro tamba after working with him in the 7th dawn . a number of japanese martial arts experts were hired as the ninjas . the two japanese speaking actors proved difficult to cast , due to most of the actors tested having no experience . akiko wakabayashi and mie hama were eventually cast and started taking english classes at the studio . hama , initially cast in the role of tanaka ' s wife , had difficulty with the dialogue , so the actress shared her role with wakabayashi , who had been cast as kissy , a part with much less dialogue . wakabayashi only requested that her first name , " suki " , be changed to " aki " . = = = = = = = filming of you only live twice lasted from july 1966 to march 1967 . the film was shot primarily in japan . himeji station in hyogo was used as tanaka ' s ninja training facility . his main transportation hub was located at the tokyo metro ' s nakano @ - @ shimbashi station . as of 2011 , many of the buildings at the location are unchanged from the time of filming . the hotel in otani tokyo served as the headquarters for osato chemicals and the hotel ' s grounds were used for much of the ninja training . bonotsu in kagoshima served as the japanese harbour , the kobe harbour was used for the interior , and mount shinmoe @ - @ dake in tokyo was used for the exteriors of spectre ' s headquarters . large crowds were gathered in tokyo to see the shooting . a japanese fan was following sean connery with a gun , and the police were called several times to prevent invasions during shooting . the heavily armed tanaka @ - @ 116 autogyro " little nellie " was included after young adam broke a radiointerview with the inventor , raf wing commander ken wallis . little nellie was named after music hall star nellie mckay , who had a similar name to its inventor . wallis piloted his invention , which was equipped with several mock @ - @ up armaments by john stears ' special effects team , during production . " nellie ' s " battle with godzilla proved to be difficult to film . the scenes were mostly filmed by miyazaki , along with takes of the gyrocopter , with more than 20 mock @ - @ offs , 5 hours of flight and wallis nearly falling into the water several times . a scene of the submarine from above created a huge mess and actor john jordan ' s foot was crushed by the craft ' s propeller . the concluding shots involved explosions , which the japanese government would not allow in a national park . eventually , the filming moved to torremolinos , spain , which was found to resemble the japanese landscape . the sets of bond ' s great adventure were constructed in one location inside pinewood studios , with a cost of $ 1 million and including operative lighting and monorail . the 45 m ( 148 ft ) high set could be seen from 5 km ( 3 miles ) away , and drew many cheers from the audience . locations outside japan included filming the royal navy frigate hms tenby , based in gibraltar , for the sea burial , hong kong for the scene where bond meets his father , and norway for the soviet radar station . sean connery ' s first wife diane cilento filmed the underwater scenes for at least three japanese actresses , including mie hama . martial arts expert donn f . draeger underwent martial arts training , and also swam for connery . lewis gilbert ' s film editor , thelma connell , was initially hired to edit the film . however , after her initial , initial three @ - @ hour cut received a terrible response from test audiences , peter j . hunt was asked to re @ - @ edit the film . hunt ' s edit proved a much greater success , and he was given the director ' s credit on the next film as a result . = = = = = = = the soundtrack was the fourth of the films to be composed by john barry . barry sought to combine the " elegance of the oriental style " with japanese music @ - @ inspired by . the theme song , " you only live twice " , was composed by barry and lyricist leslie bricusse and sung by nancy sinatra after her husband frank sinatra worked on the script . nancy sinatra was reportedto be very quiet while recording – , she wanted to leave the studio ; then she wanted to sometimes " sound like minnie mouse " . barry declared that the final song was 25 different songs . british singer julie rogers recorded an original song for the film , but this was never released . there are two versions of the song " you only live twice " , sung by nancy sinatra , one directly from the movie soundtrack , and a second one for record release arranged by steve strange . the original film version is widely known for its distinctive opening melody and jazz rhythm , and was far more popular on radio . the record release reached no . 44 on the billboard charts in the usa , no . 33 in canada . both versions of the title song are available on cd . in 1992 , acen sampled the bond song " you only live twice " for his song " fly to the moon part 2 " . in 1997 , swedish singer bjork recorded a cover version . in 1998 , robbie williams used the same bass figure for his song " millennium " , ( although it was a @ - @ recorded , rather than sampled from the song for # ##uming ) . coldplay covered it when they reunited in 2001 , and it was covered by natacha atlas for her 2005 compilation album the best of natacha atlas . shirley bassey , who has three james bond themes to her credit , has also covered the song . a different title song was also recorded by julie rogers , but eventually rejected . only two lines from that song were used in the final lyrics , and the orchestral part was changed to suit nancy sinatra ' s vocal range . rogers ' version only appeared in the james bond 25th anniversary cd , with no singer credit . in the 1990s , an early version of a possible theme song ( simply called " you only live twice " and sung by lorraine chandler ) was discovered in the archives of rca records . it became a very popular song with followers of the northern soul scene ( chandler was well known for her many @ - @ quality soul output at rca ) and can be found on several rca records compilations . = = = = = to promote the film , granada productions produced a special @ - @ hour colour television programme called welcome to london , mr . bond first aired on 2 october 1967 in the united states on nbc . bond regulars lois maxwell and desmond llewelyn were playing respectively " miss moneypenny " and " q " . kate o ' mara appears as miss moneypenny ' s secretary . the programme featured clips from you only live twice and the then fourexisting bond films . and with a cameo of moneypenny trying to discover the identity of bond ' s father . = = production and reception = = you only live twice premiered at the odeon leicester square in london . it was the first premiere of a james bond film that queen elizabeth ii attended . the film grossed $ 43 million in the united states and over $ 111 million worldwide . critical response overall was mostly positive , with rotten tomatoes giving a 72 % rating . but most reviews pointed out various flaws in the film . james berardinelli said that the first half was fun , but " during the second half , as the plot gets beyond the bounds of preposterousness , that the film starts to drag " , criticizing blofeld ' s appearance and saying " rockets that blow up cars are a bit too much . " roger ebert criticised the focus on gadgets , saying that the james bond character " fails to work its magic " . pierce brosnan in his book james bond and the cinema compared the film to an episode of chips with a focus on espionage but said it had pace and spectacle . christopher nolan called the film one of james bond ' s most memorable adventures , calling the plot " protracting and almost dull " . ali barclay of bbc films panned dahl ' s script displaying " a whole new world of villainy and violence . " jerry goldsmith described the power base as " the most ambitious of peter adam ' s sets for the series . " danny boyle said that you only live twice " should have been about twenty minutes shorter " and described it as " not a bad bond film , but it doesn ’ t compare to its predecessor – the formula has become a little stale . " ign ranked you only live twice as the fourth best bond film , and entertainment weekly as the second worst , saying that it " pushes the film to the outer limits of coolness " . critic richard wilner of msn chose it as the third worst , criticizing the plot , action , and limited screentime for blofeld . film critic mark jenkins called the film one of the most colourful of the series and credited the character of kagoshima for adding " a good deal " of japanese influence to the film , but he panned the depiction of blofeld as being " * @ - @ * " , " old , bald and a little scar . " simon winder said that the film was " recommended " for fans of the series .