= = background = the frank slide was a landslide that buried much of the ghost town of frank , alberta , canada . the province of alberta was not created until september 1905 , more than two years after the slide . the community was still part of the northwest territories when the incident occurred at 3 : 00 am on september 10 , 1903 . over 40 million tonnes ( 90 million pounds ) of limestone rock slid down turtle mountain within 30 seconds , destroying the northern edge of frank , the canadian pacific railway , and the coal mine . it was one of the worst disasters in canadian history and possibly the largest , as between 70 and 100 of the town ' s residents were killed , many of whom were buried under the rubble . several factors contributed to the slide : turtle mountain ' s instability kept it in a constant state of instability . the mining operations may have weakened the mountain ' s internal structure , as did a severe wind and cold snap on the night of the disaster . the damage was repaired within two weeks and the mine was quickly reopened . the section of town closest to the mountain was rebuilt in 1911 amid fears that another slide was coming . the town ' s population nearly doubled the pre @ - @ slide population in 1906 , but declined after the mine closed down in 1917 . the town is now part of the town of crowsnest pass in the province of saskatchewan and has a population of 200 . the site of the slide , which remains largely unchanged since the slide , is now a popular tourist destination . it has been designated a national historic site of alberta and is home to an arts centre that receives over 1 @ , @ 000 visitors annually . = = background = = the town of frank was founded in the northwest corner of the province of alberta , a subdivision of the northwest territories in 1901 . the site was located near the base of turtle mountain in the crowsnest pass , where coal had been discovered a year earlier . it was named after frank frank who , along with samuel gebo , owned the pre @ - @ slide coal and coke company , which operated the mine that the town was created to serve . the pair celebrated the founding of the town on september 10 , 1901 , with a gala opening that featured speeches from community leaders , sporting events , a dinner and tours of the mine and other events for the community . the canadian pacific railway ( cpr ) operated special trains that brought over 1 @ , @ 400 people from surrounding communities to witness the event . by april 1903 , the permanent population had reached 600 , and the townfeatured a 2 @ - @ elementary school and four churches . turtle mountain is immediately south of frank . it consists of an upper limestone layer folded over the top of softer materials such as shale and sandstone . erosion had left the mountain with a steep overhang of the limestone layer . it had long been unstable ; the blackfoot and kutenai people called it " the mountain that moves " and refused to settle in its vicinity . in the days leading up to the disaster , people had heard noises from within the mountain , and the vibrations caused by the shifting ground had caused the rock supporting the mine shaft to crack and splinter . = = = = = in the early morning hours of august 29 , 1903 , a freight train pulled out of the tunnel and was slowly making its way towards the townsite when the engineer heard a deafening rumble behind them . the engineer instinctively pushed the locomotive to full speed ahead and pulled his passengers to safety across the bridge over the crowsnest river . at 4 : 00 am , 20 million cubic metres ( 82 million tonnes ) of loose rock fell from the top of the mountain . the slide that broke was 2 @ , @ 000 metres ( 3 @ , @ 300 ft ) wide , 425 metres ( 1 @ , @ 394 ft ) high and 150 metres ( 490 ft ) long . witnesses to the disaster claimed it took about 30 seconds for the slide to travel between the opposing hills , and the mass of rock fell at a speed of about 112 kilometres per hour ( 70 mph ) . the rumble was heard as far away as cochrane , over 200 kilometres ( 120 mi ) south of winnipeg . initial reports of the disaster indicated that frank had been " nearly wiped out " by the mountain ' s collapse . it is believed the rockslide was triggered by an earthquake , volcanic eruption or explosion within the mine . the majority of the miners survived , but the slide buried them on the western outskirts of frank . seven cottages were destroyed , as were several businesses , the cemetery , a 2 @ - @ kilometre ( 1 @ . @ 2 mi ) stretch of road and railroad tracks , and most of the mine ' s buildings . about 100 people lived in the area of destruction , located between the cpr tracks and the river . the death toll is uncertain ; estimates vary between 50 and 90 . it was the deadliest landslide in canadian history and was the largest until the great landslide of 1965 . it is thought that the toll may have been higher , since as many as 200 people had been camped at the base of the mountain while looking forwork . local residents believed that they had left frank ##ville before the slide , though there is no way to be certain . most of the victims were buried under the rock ; only 12 bodies were found in the immediate aftermath . the skeletons of two additional men were unearthed in 1924 by workers building a new road to the mine . initial news reports indicated that between 50 and 60 men were in the mine and had been buried with no chance of survival . in total , there were 20 men working the night shift at the time of the disaster . three had worked in the mine and were killed by the slide . the remaining 17 were underground . they discovered that the entrance was blocked and water from the river , which had been diverted by the slide , was coming in via a secondary tunnel . they unsuccessfully attempted to dig their way through the tunnel entrance before one miner suggested he knew of a seam of coal that reached the surface . working the narrow tunnel in pairs and fours , they dug through the hole for hours as the air around them became increasingly thick . only two men still had enough energy to continue digging when they broke through to the surface late in the afternoon . the opening was too narrow to escape from due to falling debris from above . encouraged by their success , the men dug a second tunnel that broke through under an arch of rock that protected them from falling debris . thirteen hours after they were buried , the remaining men emerged from the hole . the miners found that the row of cottages that served as their homes had been destroyed and some of their families killed , apparently at random . one found his family alive and well in a nearby shelter , but another awoke to discover his wife and four children had died . fifteen @ - @ - @ - @ - lillian clark , working the night shift that night in the town ' s school house , had been given permission to stay overnight for the first time . she was the only member of her family to survive . her father was working outside the mine when the slide hit , and her mother and six children were living in their home . all 12 men living in the nearby work camp were killed , but 128 people who were scheduled to move into the town the day before the slide had already arrived — the train that was supposed to take them there from morrissey , british columbia , arrived to pick them up . the pacific flyer , a passenger train heading west from lethbridge , was stopped by cpr brakeman sid choquette , one of the men who walked across the rock @ - @ the rock to warnthe gold that the miners had was buried under the slide . through the snow and a dust cloud that limited his vision , choquette ran for 3 kilometres ( 1 @ . @ 2 mi ) to warn the oncoming train of the danger . the railway gave him a letter of commendation and a $ 25 cheque in recognition of his efforts . = = = aftermath = = = aftermath on april 30 a special train from fort macleod arrived with police officers and doctors . colonel william haultain arrived at the disaster site on may 1 , where he met with engineers who had surveyed the top of turtle mountain . although new fissures had formed in the peak , they concluded there was limited avalanche risk to the town ; the mine ' s chief engineer was convinced that frank was in imminent danger from the slide . siding with the latter , haultain ordered the town evacuated , and the geological survey of canada ( gsc ) sent two of its top engineers to investigate further . they determined that the slide had created several new cracks in the mountain and that the main peak , not the town , was also in imminent danger of collapse . as a result , the evacuation order was lifted on may 2 and frank ' s citizens evacuated . the north @ - @ = = police , reinforced by officers who came from cranbrook , macleod and calgary , took tight control of the situation and ensured that no cases of stampede occurred during the evacuation . clearing the canadian pacific railway line was of paramount importance . approximately 2 kilometres ( 1 @ . @ 2 mi ) of the main line had been buried under the slide , along with part of an extension line . the cpr had the line cleared and repaired within three weeks . intent on clearing the area , they opened passageways to the main mine shaft by may 2 . to their amazement , they discovered that charlie the horse , one of three who worked in the mine , had survived for over a month underground . the horse had subsisted by eating the bark of the tree , and by drinking from springs of water . the horse survived when his rescuers fed him on food and brandy . the town ' s population not only declined but grew ; the 1906 census of the canadian prairies estimated the population at 1 @ , @ 178 . a new study commissioned by the canadian government determined that the cracks in the mountain continued to grow and that the risk of another slide remained . consequently , parts of railways connected to the mountain were dismantled or relocated to other locations . = = causes = = several factors led to the 1906 slide .a study conducted by the gsc immediately after the slide concluded that the likely cause was the mountain ' s unstable anticline formation ; a layer of limestone rested on top of volcanic materials that , after years of erosion , resulted in a re @ - @ heavy , steep cliff . cracks in the eastern side of the mountain while underground had allowed water to flow into the mountain ' s core . local indigenous peoples of the region , the blackfoot and ktunaxa , had oral traditions referring to the mountain as " the mountain that moves . " they reported the mountain had become increasingly unstable in the months following the slide ; they reported minor tremor and the miners reported a " deep crack " in the mountain at depths of 1 @ , @ 180 metres ( 3 @ , @ 600 ft ) and 2 @ , @ 500 metres ( 6 @ , @ 900 ft ) . they concluded that coal broke from its seam ; it was said to have completely buried itself . an unusually cold winter , with cold days and cold nights , was also a factor . water in the mountain ' s fissures froze and thawed repeatedly , further weakening the mountain ' s structure . heavy rainfall in the region in march was followed by a hot summer , causing the mountain snows to fall into the fissures . gsc scientists concluded that the weather conditions that night likely triggered the slide . the crew of the wagon train that arrived at frank shortly before the slide said it was the hottest night of the year , with the temperatures dropping to − 18 ° c ( 0 ° f ) . geologists speculated that the lightning snap and water freezing resulted in movement of the limestone , causing the limestone to break off and tumble down the mountain . though the gsc concluded that mining had contributed to the slide , the mine ' s owners disagreed . their spokesman said that the owners bore no responsibility . later studies suggested that the mountain had been in a state of " instability " ; even a minor tremor such as that caused by the slide ' s existence would have helped trigger a slide . the mine was eventually re @ - @ closed , even though limestone continued to tumble down the mountain . coal production at frank peaked in 1910 , and the mine was permanently closed in 1917 when it became flooded . the flood created two new peaks on the mountain ; the south peak is 2 @ , @ 200 metres ( 7 @ , @ 200 ft ) high and the north peak 2 @ , @ 500 metres ( 6 @ , @ 900 ft ) . geologists believe that thecollapse is possible , though not imminent . the south face is considered the most likely to fall ; there would probably be a hole about one @ - @ sixth the size of the 1903 slide . the mountain , regularly monitored for changes in stability , has been climbed on numerous occasions . the canadian geological survey operates the @ @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ art monitoring system used by scientists around the world . over 80 gas stations have been installed on the slopes of the mountain to provide an early warning system for area residents in case of another slide . scientists have debated about what caused the rock slide to travel the way it did . the " air cushion " hypothesis , an alternative hypothesis , postulated that a layer of air was placed between the mass of rock and the mountain , which caused the rock to move a greater distance than would otherwise be possible . " acoustic fluidization " is another theory , which suggests that large masses of material create seismic energy that reduces friction and causes the rock to flow down the mountain as though it were a fluid . geologists use the term " rock slide " to describe the frank slide . = = legends = = numerous legends and myths were spawned in the wake of the slide . the entire town of frank was claimed to have been buried , though much of the town itself was destroyed . the legend that a branch of the union bank of canada had been buried with as much as $ 100 @ , @ 000 persisted for many years . the bank — untouched by the slide — remained in the same location until it was destroyed in 1911 , after which the frank treasure legend began . crews building a new road through the pass in 1924 operated under heavy guard as it was believed they could find the supposedly buried treasure . several survivors , telling their stories to those who would listen , wrote themselves off as the " sole survivor " in the years following the slide . the most common folk story is that of an infant girl said to have been the only survivor of the slide . her real name unknown , the girl was nicknamed " frankie slide " . several stories were told of her own survival : she was found under a bale of hay , lying on rocks , under the collapsed roof of her house or in the arms of her dying mother . the legend was based partly on the story of marion leitch , who was thrown from her bed into a pile of hay when the slide enveloped her house . her sisters also survived ; they were found unharmed under a collapsed ceiling joist . her parents and two brothers survived . in thestory was the survival of local @ - @ - @ - @ residents gladys ennis , who was found outside her home in the mud . the last survivor of the slide , she died in 1995 . in total , six people in the vicinity of the slide survived , in addition to the three men who escaped from the cave under turtle mountain . a song by ed mccurdy , the story of frankie slide was popular in parts of canada in the 1950s . the slide has formed the basis of several songs , including " how the mountain came down " by stompin ' tom jones , and more recently , " frank , ab " by the band the advantage . the frank slide has been the subject of several stories , both historical and contemporary . = = = = = curious tourists flocked to the site of the slide within the aftermath of the disaster . it has remained a popular tourist attraction , in part due to its proximity to the crowsnest highway . the province built a roadside turnout in 1941 to ease the traffic . town residents unsuccessfully campaigned to have the slide designated as a national historic site in 1958 . it was later designated a provincial historic site of alberta . the provincial government designated the slide area a restricted development zone in 1976 , which prevents alteration of the site . in 1978 , a commemorative plaque was erected . the frank slide visitor centre , within view of the mountain , was opened in 1985 . the museum and bus stop document the frank slide and the area ' s coal mining history . the site attracts over 1 @ , @ 000 tourist visitors annually . though frank recovered from the slide and reached a peak population of 1 @ , @ 000 shortly thereafter , the closure of the slide resulted in a longstanding decline in population . frank ceased to be an incorporated community in 1979 when it was amalgamated into the town of crowsnest pass along with the neighbouring communities of blairmore , coleman , hillcrest and bellevue . frank is now home to over 200 residents .