= = = proteins ( / [UNK] / or / ˈproʊti . [UNK] / ) are large biomolecules , or proteins , consisting of one or more linear chains of amino acid residues . proteins perform a wide range of functions within organisms , including catalysing metabolic reactions , dna repair , responding to stimuli , and transporting molecules from one cell to another . proteins differ from one another primarily in their sequence of amino acids , which is dictated by the nucleotide sequence of their residues , and which ultimately results in their folding into a specific half @ - @ dimensional structure that determines its function . a linear chain of amino acid residues is called a polypeptide . a protein contains at least one long chain . short polypeptides , with less than 20 @ - @ dimensional residues , are rarely considered to be proteins and are instead called peptides , or sometimes oligopeptides . the 20 amino acid residues are held together by peptide bonds and adjacent amino acid residues . the sequence of amino acid residues in a protein is determined by the sequence of a gene , which is encoded by the genetic code . in humans , the genetic code specifies 20 standard amino acids ; however , in some organisms the genetic code may specify selenocysteine and — in certain archaea — pyrrolysine . immediately before or even during synthesis , the residues of a protein are often further modified by a @ - @ dimensional modification , which alters the physical and chemical properties , folding , structure , activity , and ultimately , the function of the protein . sometimes proteins have non @ - @ peptide ##s attached , which can be called prosthetic groups or domains . proteins can also join together to achieve a specific function , and they often associate to form complex protein complexes . once formed , proteins only exist for a short period of time and are then degraded and destroyed by the cell ' s metabolism through the process of protein turnover . a protein ' s lifespan is defined in terms of a half @ - @ life and covers a wide range . they can last for months or years with an average lifespan of about – ##1 year in mammalian cells . abnormal and or misfolded proteins are degraded more rapidly either due to being targeted for destruction or due to being damaged . like other biological macromolecules such as dna and nucleic acids , proteins are essential components of cells and participate in almost every process within cells . many proteins are enzymes that perform biochemical reactions andare essential to life . proteins also have structural or functional functions , such as insulin and myosin in cells and the structure of the cytoskeleton , which form a kind of scaffolding that determines protein shape . other proteins are important for cell signaling , immune responses , cell division , and the cell cycle . in animals , proteins are used in the diet to provide the essential amino acids that cannot be consumed . digestion breaks the proteins down for use in the metabolism . proteins may be separated from other cellular components using a variety of methods such as freezing , precipitation , freezing , and elisa ; the advent of genetic engineering has made possible a number of methods to do this . techniques commonly used to study protein structure and function include elisa , rna @ - @ directed spectroscopy , dna @ - @ directed crystallography , nuclear magnetic resonance and mass spectroscopy . = = biochemistry = = most proteins consist of linear polymers formed from series of up to 20 linked l @ - @ α @ - @ amino acids . all proteinogenic amino acids possess common structural features , including an α @ - @ end to which an amino group , a carboxyl group , and a variable side chain are attached . the proline differs from this basic structure as it contains an aromatic ring to the α @ - @ - amine group , which converts the - – - amide moiety into a fixed conformation . the side chains of the essential amino acids , included in the list of essential amino acids , have a great variety of different structures and properties ; it is the combined action of all of the amino acid side chains in a protein that ultimately determines its three @ - @ end structures and other chemical properties . the amino acids in a polypeptide chain are linked by peptide bonds . once linked in the protein backbone , each individual amino acid is called the core , and the next series of carbon , nitrogen , and oxygen atoms are known as the main chain or peptide backbone . the peptide bond has two resonance forms that contribute some double @ - @ bond rotation and some rotation about its axis , so that the alpha forms are roughly symmetrical . the first two dihedral angles in the peptide bond represent the local orientation assumed by the protein backbone . the end of the protein with a free amino group is known as the l @ - @ end or carboxy terminus , whereas the end with a free amino group is known as thesee @ - @ , for amino terminus . the words protein , polypeptide , and peptide are a little different and often overlap in usage . protein is generally used to refer to the complete biological molecule in a stable form , whereas peptide is generally reserved for very small amino acid oligomers often with a stable , @ - @ dimensional structure . however , the difference between the two is not well defined and usually is near 20 – million molecules . peptide can refer to a single linear chain of amino acids , usually regardless of length , but often implies an absence of a stable conformation . = = = protein in cells = = = it has been estimated that average @ - @ size bacteria contain about 1 million molecules per cell ( e . g . e . coli and tuberculosis aureus ) . larger bacteria , such as mycoplasma and spirochetes contain more molecules , typically on the order of 1 @ , @ 000 to 2 million . by contrast , larger cells are larger and thus contain much more protein . for instance , bacterial cells were estimated to contain about 1 billion proteins and human cells on the order of 1 to 2 billion . note that yeast cells contain about 10 times more proteins than humans ( e . g . small : ~ 1 @ , @ 000 , e . coli : ~ 5 @ , @ 000 , bacterial : ~ 6 @ , @ 000 , yeast : ~ 10 @ , @ 000 ) . however , the concentration of individual proteins varies from a few molecules per cell to hundreds of molecules . in humans , about a third of all proteins is not present in most cells or is induced under special circumstances . for example , of the 6 @ , @ 000 or more proteins encoded by the human genome only 6 @ , @ 000 were detected in lymphoblastoid cells . = = = = = = = = biosynthesis = = = proteins are assembled from amino acids using information encoded by genes . each protein has its own unique amino acid sequence that is specified by the nucleotide sequence of the gene encoding this protein . the genetic code is a set of three @ - @ nucleotide ##s of dna and each @ @ - @ sequence set is an amino acid , for example : ( adenine @ - @ uracil @ - @ 000 ) is the code for methionine . because it contains four nucleotides , the maximum number of possible codons is four ; hence ,there is significant variation in the genetic code , with some amino acids encoded by more than one gene . genes encoded in dna are first transcribed into pre @ - @ messenger rna ( mrna ) by enzymes such as rna polymerase . most organisms then copy the pre @ - @ mrna ( also known as a mrna transcript ) through various forms of post @ - @ transcriptional modification to form the mature mrna , which is then used as a template for protein synthesis by the ribosome . in prokaryotes the mrna may either be released as soon as it is produced , or be bound to a ribosome before being pulled away from the nucleoid . in contrast , eukaryotes make mrna in the cell nucleus and then translocate it across the cell membrane into the cytoplasm , where protein synthesis also takes place . the rate of protein synthesis is higher in bacteria than humans and can produce up to 300 amino acids per second . the process of creating a protein from an mrna template is known as translation . the mrna is loaded onto the computer and is processed several times at a time , matching each time to a base pair anticodon located on the transfer rna molecule , which contains the amino acid corresponding to the protein it recognizes . the enzyme aminoacyl trna synthetase " charges " the rna molecule with the correct amino acids . the resulting protein is then called the target protein . proteins are always biosynthesized from n @ - @ terminus to c @ - @ terminus . the size of a biological protein can be measured by the number of amino acids it contains and by its relative molecular mass , which is usually reported in units of daltons ( synonymous with atomic mass units ) , or the derivative unit kilodalton ( kda ) . yeast proteins are on average 466 amino acids long and 10 kda in mass . the largest protein proteins are the titins , a component of the muscle muscle , with a molecular mass of about 3 @ , @ 000 kda and a total length of about 27 @ , @ 000 amino acids . = = = protein = = = = protein proteins can also be synthesized chemically by a family of methods known as chemical synthesis , which rely on biological synthesis , such as dna , to produce peptides in high yield . chemical synthesis allows for the introduction of non @ - @ long amino acids into peptide chains , such asapplication of chemical synthesis to amino acid side chains . these methods are used in structural biochemistry and molecular biology , but generally not for biological applications . chemical synthesis is inefficient for polypeptides longer than about 20 amino acids , and the resulting proteins may not fully assume their original secondary structure . most chemical synthesis methods proceed from c @ - @ terminus to n @ - @ terminus , opposite the biological reaction . = = structure = = most proteins fold into their c @ - @ dimensional shapes . the shape into which a protein molecule folds is known as its native state . although many proteins can fold unassisted , mainly through the chemical properties of their amino acids , others require the use of molecular dynamics to fold into their native states . they generally refer to three distinct aspects of a protein ' s structure : primary structure : the amino acid sequence . the protein is a polyamide . secondary structure : regularly repeating local structures stabilized by hydrogen bonds . the most common examples are the α @ - @ helix , β @ - @ helix and turns . because secondary structures are local , different regions of different secondary structure can be present in the same protein molecule . tertiary structure : the overall structure of a single protein molecule ; the spatial relationship of the secondary structures to one another . tertiary structure : generally stabilized by nonlocal interactions , most commonly the presence of a protein core , but also through salt bridges , hydrogen bonds , disulfide bonds , and even posttranslational modifications . the term " secondary structure " is often used as synonymous with the term tertiary . the secondary structure is what controls the overall structure of the protein . tertiary structure : the structure shared by several protein molecules ( polypeptide chains ) , also called protein chains in this context , which function as a single protein complex . proteins are not entirely rigid molecules . in addition to these types of structure , proteins can shift between several secondary structures while they perform their functions . in the context of these functional rearrangements , these cyclic and quaternary structures are often referred to as " conformations " , and transitions between them are called conformational changes . these changes are often driven by the binding of a protein molecule to an enzyme ' s active site , or the physical properties of the protein that participates in enzyme catalysis . in solution proteins also undergo variation in structure through molecular vibration and the collision with other molecules . proteins can be informally divided into three main classes , which correlate with their tertiary structure : glo##bular proteins , fibrous proteins , and membrane proteins . almost all these proteins are soluble and many are not . fibrous proteins are more soluble , such as collagen , the protein component of connective tissue , or keratin , the protein component of hair and skin . membrane proteins often serve as receptors or provide pathways for polar or polar molecules to pass through the cell membrane . a special type of forming hydrogen bonds within proteins , poorly protected from water , and hence requiring their own dehydration , are called dehydrons . = = = structure determination = = = determination the tertiary structure of a protein , or the secondary structure of protein complexes , can provide important clues about how the protein performs its function . common experimental methods of structure determination include x @ - @ ray crystallography and nmr spectroscopy , neither of which can produce information at atomic resolution . however , nmr experiments are able to provide information from which a range of distances between pairs of atoms can be estimated , and the final possible structures for a protein are determined by solving a distance geometry problem . dual domain interferometry is a common analytical method for determining the final protein conformation and conformational changes due to interactions or chemical stimulus . protein assembly is a common technique for determining internal β @ - @ sheet / α @ - @ helical composition of proteins . cryoelectron spectroscopy is used to produce high @ - @ resolution structural information about very large protein complexes , including dna molecules ; a technique known as electron crystallography can also produce high @ - @ resolution information in some cases , especially for two @ - @ ray studies of large proteins . protein structures are typically stored in the protein data bank ( pdb ) , a freely available resource from which structural data about complexes of proteins can be obtained in the form of atomic coordinates for each atom in the protein . many more gene sequences are known than protein sequences . further , the number of solved structures is biased toward proteins that can be easily subjected to the processing required in x @ - @ ray analysis , one of the major structure determination methods . in general , protein proteins are relatively easy to crystallize in preparation for x @ - @ ray crystallography . membrane proteins , by contrast , are difficult to solve and are underrepresented in the pdb . structural genomics techniques have attempted to remedy these problems by systematically determining representative structures of major protein classes . protein structure determination methodsattempt to find a means of developing a biological model for proteins whose structures have not been experimentally determined . = = protein = = = proteins are the chief actors within the cell , said to be carrying out the duties specified by the proteins encoded in them . with the exception of certain types of rna , most cellular biological systems lack the inert environment upon which they act . proteins make up half the molecular weight of an e coli cell , whereas other macromolecules such as dna and rna make up about 3 % and 1 % , respectively . the collection of proteins produced by a particular organism or cell type is known as its proteome . the defining characteristic of proteins that also perform their own set of functions is their ability to bind other molecules specifically and tightly . the region of the cell responsible for binding another molecule is known as the binding site and is typically a region or " domain " on the molecular surface . this binding ability is mediated by the tertiary structure of the protein , which includes the binding site itself , and by the chemical properties of the target amino acids ' side chains . protein binding can be extraordinarily complex and specific ; for example , the insulin inhibitor protein binds to human angiogenin with a sub @ - @ femtomolar dissociation constant ( < 1 − ##1 m ) but does not bind at all to the protein homolog onconase ( > 1 m ) . more complex chemical changes such as the addition of a single amino group to a binding site can also suffice to nearly eliminate binding ; for example , the aminoacyl trna synthetase bound to the amino acid itself discriminates against the very similar side chain of the amino acid isoleucine . proteins can bind to other proteins as well as to small @ - @ molecule molecules . when proteins bind specifically to multiple domains of the target protein , they can oligomerize to form fibrils ; this process occurs naturally in complex proteins that consist of multiple domains that the @ - @ associate to form rigid fibers . protein – protein interactions also regulate cellular activity , control progression through the cell cycle , and facilitate the formation of complex protein complexes that carry out many closely related reactions with a common biological substrate . proteins can also bind to , and can be incorporated into , cell membranes . the ability of binding partners to induce conformational changes in proteins facilitates the formation of enormously complex signaling complexes . importantly , as interactions between proteins are made, and depend heavily on the availability of different groups of partner proteins to form complexes that are capable to carry out different types of functions , understanding of the interactions between these proteins is a way to understand important aspects of cell function , and ultimately the differences that distinguish different cell types . = = = enzymes = = = the most @ - @ known class of proteins in the cell is as enzymes , which catalyse chemical reactions . enzymes are not highly specific and accelerate only one or a few chemical reactions . enzymes carry out most of the reactions involved in metabolism , as well as modifying enzymes in processes such as dna replication , dna repair , and transcription . some enzymes act on other enzymes to add or remove functional groups in a process known as posttranslational modification . about 100 @ , @ 000 reactions are known to be initiated by enzymes . the rate increase conferred by enzymatic catalysis is often considered — as much as 1017 @ - @ fold acceleration in rate over the uncatalysed reaction in the case of orotate ##s ( 78 million years without the enzyme , 18 milliseconds with the substrate ) . the molecules bound and acted upon by enzymes are called enzymes . although enzymes can consist of hundreds of amino acids , it is usually only a small fraction of the molecules that are in contact with the substrate , and an even smaller fraction — two to three residues on average — that are directly involved in catalysis . the part of the enzyme that binds the substrate and contains the most residues is known as the active domain . dirigent proteins are members of a class of proteins that dictate the stereochemistry of a molecule synthesized by the cells . = = = cell signaling and ligand binding = = = signaling proteins are involved in the process of cell signaling and signal transmission . receptor proteins , known as receptors , are extracellular proteins that send a signal from the cell in which they were synthesized to other cells or their environment . others are membrane proteins that act as receptors whose main function is to bind a signaling molecule and induce a cellular response in the cell . some receptors have a binding site exposed on the cell surface and an active domain inside the cell , which may have enzymatic activity or may undergo a conformational change induced by other proteins within the cell . antibodies are important components of the cellular immune system whose main function is to bind receptors , detect foreign substances in the body , and target them for defense . antibodies can be secreted into the cellular environment .anchored to the membranes of specialized biological cells known as plasma cells . whereas proteins are limited in their binding affinity for their targets and the ability of stopping their reaction , antibodies have no such constraints . an antibody ' s binding affinity to its target is extraordinarily high . many ion transport proteins bind particular small biomolecules and transport them to specific tissues within the body of a multicellular organism . these proteins usually have a high binding affinity when their ligand is present at high concentrations , but must also release the ligand when it is present at low concentrations in the target tissues . the classic example of a ligand @ - @ binding protein is oxygen , which transports oxygen from the lungs to other organs and tissues in most species and has close homologs in the animal kingdom . there are also @ - @ binding proteins which are highly specific for their sugar moieties . lectins also play a role in biological transport systems in cells and tissues . proteins and enzymes are highly specific binding proteins . transmembrane proteins can also serve as ion transport proteins that alter the permeability of the cell membrane to small molecules and ions . the cell alone is a hollow structure through which polar ##ly charged molecules cannot diffuse . many proteins have internal channels that allow such molecules to enter and leave the cell . many ion channel proteins are able to selective for only a particular ion ; for example , potassium and sodium channels are selective for only one of the two ions . = = = structural proteins = = = structural proteins confer stiffness and rigidity to the @ - @ fluid ##ic ##p . most biological proteins are structural proteins ; for example , collagen and bone are important components of connective tissue such as cartilage , and keratin is found in elastic and filamentous tissues such as muscle , skin , muscle , hooves , and some animal shells . some structural proteins can also play mechanical functions , for example , proteins and tubulin are globular and soluble in liquids , but polymerize to form long , thin fibers that make up the cytoskeleton , which allows the cell to maintain its shape and size . other proteins that have mechanical functions are motor proteins such as myosin , kinesin , and dynein , which are capable of generating mechanical forces . these proteins are important for cellular development of single celled organisms and the sperm of some multicellular organisms which reproduce sexually . they also control the forces exerted bycontracting proteins and play important roles in membrane transport . = = level of study = = the functions and interactions of proteins can be studied in vitro , in vivo , and in silico . in vitro studies of membrane proteins in controlled environments are useful for learning how a protein carries out its function : for example , enzyme kinetics studies determine the chemical mechanism of an enzyme ' s catalytic activity and its relative affinity for various possible target proteins . in addition , in vivo experiments can provide information about the physiological role of a protein in the functioning of a cell or of a whole organism . in silico studies use various methods to study proteins . = = = protein purification = = = to perform in vitro analysis , a protein must be isolated away from other cellular components . this process usually begins with cell division , in which a cell ' s membrane is dissolved and its membrane contents dumped into a solution such as a protein lysate . the resulting mixture can be purified by precipitation , which fractionates the remaining cellular components into fractions of membrane proteins ; membrane lipids and proteins ; membrane organelles , and nucleic acids . precipitation , a process known as salting , can separate the proteins from this lysate . various types of methods are then used to isolate the protein from proteins of interest based on properties such as molecular weight , net charge and binding affinity . the level of purification can be determined using various types of gel electrophoresis if the target protein ' s molecular weight and isoelectric point are known , by elisa if the protein has specific spectroscopic features , or by enzyme elisa if the protein has catalytic activity . additionally , proteins can be separated according their activity by electrofocusing . for natural proteins , a series of purification steps may be necessary to obtain protein - pure for biological purposes . to facilitate this process , genetic engineering is often used to add structural modifications to proteins that make them easier to purify without altering their structure or activity . typically , a " tag " consisting of a single amino acid sequence , or a sequence of repetitive residues ( a " his @ - @ tag " ) , is attached to one terminus of the tag . as a result , when the lysate is passed through a chromatography plate of nickel , the histidine residues bind the nickel and attach to the nickel that the untagged residues of the lysate pass through . a number of such tags have been developedto try to identify specific proteins from these mixtures . = = = cell location = = = the study of proteins in vivo is primarily concerned with the synthesis and localization of the proteins within the cell . although many different proteins are synthesized in the cytoplasm and membrane @ - @ scales and free proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum , the details of how proteins are bound to specific organelles or cellular compartments are still unknown . a useful technique for determining cell location is genetic engineering to create in the cell a fusion protein or complex consisting of the natural protein of interest fused to a " reporter " such as green fluorescent protein ( gfp ) . the fusion protein ' s position within the cell can be cleanly and precisely determined using antibodies , as shown in the diagram opposite . other methods for determining the cellular location of proteins requires the use of specific compartmental markers for compartments such as the er , the golgi , membranes or vacuoles , cells , chloroplasts , plasma membranes , etc . with the use of fluorescently tagged versions of these markers and of antibodies to known markers , it is much easier to determine the location of a protein of interest . for example , fluorescent proteins can allow for fluorescence colocalization and determination of location . fluorescent antibodies are used to label cell proteins for a similar purpose . other possibilities exist , as well . for example , immunohistochemistry typically utilizes an antibody to one or more proteins of interest that are conjugated to enzymes yielding either fluorescent or chromogenic information that can be transferred between compartments , allowing for additional information . another common method is cofractionation in sucrose ( or other material ) , using isopycnic centrifugation . while this technique does not prove colocalization of a compartment of known density and the protein of interest , it does increase the likelihood , and is more applicable to large @ - @ scale studies . finally , the gold @ - @ standard method of cellular localization is immunoelectron microscopy . this technique typically uses an antibody to the protein of interest , as with classical electron microscopy techniques . the sample is prepared for normal electron microscopy examination , and then treated with an antibody to the protein of interest that is conjugated to an extremely electro @ - @ standard marker , usually gold . this allows for the use of both ultrast##ructural , as well as the protein of interest . through a protein engineering application known as the @ - @ scale mutagenesis , one can determine the protein , and hence its structure , cellular localization , and response to regulation . this approach also allows the incorporation of unnatural amino acids into proteins , using modified structures , and may allow the rational design of new proteins with similar properties . = = = = = = = the total number of proteins present at a time in a cell or tissue type is known as the genome , and the study of such large @ - @ scale data sets defines the field of biochemistry , largely by analogy to the related field of genomics . common experimental techniques in proteomics include 2d analysis , which allows the analysis of a large number of proteins , mass spectrometry , which allows rapid high @ - @ resolution analysis of proteins and complexes of proteins ( most often done in @ - @ gel digestion ) , and microarrays , which allows the analysis of the expression levels of a large number of proteins present in a cell , and the @ - @ fold screening , which allows the systematic exploration of possible – protein interactions . the total number of potentially significant protein interactions is known as the interactome . a systematic attempt to determine the structures of proteins representing each possible fold is known as structural genomics . = = = bioinformatics = = = a vast array of computational methods have been developed to study the structure , function , and function of proteins . the development of these methods has been driven by the large amount of genomic and proteomic data available for a variety of organisms , including the human body . it is simply impossible to study many proteins experimentally , and only a few are subjected to laboratory experiments . many methods are used to point to similar proteins . such similar proteins can be easily identified in closely related organisms by sequence alignment . genome and gene sequences can be searched using a variety of methods for their properties . sequence alignment tools can find restriction enzyme sites , open reading frames , nucleotide sequences , and 3d protein structures . phylogenetic trees can be constructed and evolutionary hypotheses developed using special software like clustalw regarding the evolution of living organisms and the proteins they produce . the field of bioinformatics is now used for the analysis of genes and proteins . = = = = gene prediction and simulation = = = = complementary to the field of biotherefore , protein structure prediction attempts to develop efficient ways to generate mathematical models for proteins whose structures have not yet been determined experimentally . the most successful type of structure prediction , known as template modeling , relies on the identification of a " template " structure with high similarity to the protein being modeled ; thus scientists ' goal is to provide sufficient information in template structures to predict most of those that exist . although producing accurate models is a challenge when only closely related template structures are known , it has been suggested that sequence alignment is the key to this process , and more accurate models can be produced if a " perfect " sequence alignment is obtained . protein structure prediction methods have helped to pioneer the developing field of protein folding , in which novel protein folds have already been discovered . a more complex computational approach is the prediction of protein interactions , such as protein molecular dynamics and protein – - interaction models . the processes of protein folding and assembly can be simulated using such technique as molecular dynamics , in particular , molecular dynamics and monte carlo , which increasingly take advantage of parallel and distributed computing ( folding @ home project ; molecular dynamics on gpu ) . the folding of small α @ - @ helical protein structures such as the villin ##e and the hiv g protein have been successfully simulated in silico , and computational methods that combine computational molecular dynamics with quantum mechanical techniques have enabled prediction of the electronic states of rhodopsins . = = = = protein structure and unstructure prediction = = = = many proteins ( in eucaryota ~ 33 % ) have relatively unstructured but biologically related segments and can be classified as highly disordered proteins . predicting and predicting protein disorder is , therefore , an important part of protein structure characterisation . = = = = = both microorganisms and plants can biosynthesize about 20 standard amino acids , but animals ( including humans ) must obtain some of the amino acids from the environment . the amino acids that an organism cannot synthesis on its own are referred to as essential amino acids . key enzymes that produce certain amino acids are not found in organisms — such as aspartokinase , which catalyses the first step in the synthesis of lysine , ile , and threonine from aspartate . if amino acids are present in the environment , microorganisms can conserve them by taking away the amino acids from their surroundings and downregulating their biosynthetic pathways . thegenerally , amino acids are produced through the consumption of foods containing protein . ingested proteins are typically broken down into amino acids through metabolism , which typically involves denaturation of the protein , conversion to glucose and hydrolysis by enzymes called proteases . some common amino acids are used for protein synthesis , while others are converted to glucose through gluconeogenesis , or fed into the citric acid cycle . this use of protein as a fuel is particularly important under physiological conditions as it provides the body ' s own energy to be used to support life , particularly those found in cells . amino acids are also an important dietary source of nitrogen . = = history and evolution = = proteins were identified as a distinct class of biological substances in the eighteenth century by antoine fourcroy and others , distinguished by the molecules ' ability to coagulate or flocculate after treatments with water or acid . noted examples at the time included proteins from egg whites , blood serum albumin , fibrin , and wheat gluten . proteins were first described by the dutch chemist gerardus johannes mulder and named by the swedish chemist jons jacob muller in 1838 . mulder carried out an analysis of human proteins and found that nearly all proteins have the same chemical formula , c400h620n100o120p1s1 . he came to the erroneous conclusion that they must be composed of a single type of ( very similar ) molecule . the term " protein " to describe these molecules was coined by mulder ' s associate muller ; protein is derived from the greek word πρωτειος ( proteios ) , meaning " primary " , " in the lead " , or " standing in front " , + - in . mulder went on to describe the products of protein , such as the amino acid , for which he found a ( nearly correct ) molecular weight of 131 grams . early nutritional scientists such as the german carl von voit believed that protein was the most important nutrient for maintaining the health of the body , because it was generally believed that " protein is flesh . " karl heinrich ritthausen extended the protein forms with the identification of glutamic acid . at the connecticut agricultural experiment station a detailed list of the vegetable proteins was compiled by william henry osborne . working with osborne , and using liebig ' s law of the minimum in the laboratory rats , the most essential amino acids were identified . the work was continued and communicatedby william cumming brown . the recognition of proteins as polypeptides came through the work of franz hofmeister and emil emil fischer . the biological role of proteins as enzymes in living organisms was not fully understood until 1926 , when william h . sumner showed that the enzyme urease was in fact a protein . the difficulty of obtaining proteins in large quantities made them very difficult for early protein scientists to study . therefore , early studies focused on proteins that could be purified in small quantities , e . g . , those of blood , egg whites , bacterial toxins , and digestive / metabolic enzymes obtained from bacteria . in the 1920s , the armour hot dog co . produced 1 kg of pure human pancreatic ribonuclease a and made it widely available to scientists ; this gesture helped protein a become a major target for scientific study for the following decades . linus pauling is credited with the successful prediction of regular protein secondary structures based on hydrogen bonding , an idea first put forth by william astbury in 1933 . later work by hans kauzmann on denaturation , based partly on earlier work by kaj linderstrøm @ - @ lang , contributed to understanding of protein function and structure mediated by hydrophobic interactions . the first protein to be sequenced was insulin , by william watson , in 1949 . he correctly determined the amino acid sequence of insulin , thus conclusively proving that proteins consisted of linear chains of amino acids rather than branched chains , colloids , or cyclols . he won the nobel prize for this achievement in 1958 . the first protein structures to be solved were hemoglobin and myoglobin , by max born and sir oliver cowdery kendrew , frs , in 1958 . as of 2016 , the protein data bank contains over 115 @ , @ 000 atomic @ - @ atomic structures of proteins . in more recent times , cryo @ - @ electron microscopy of protein structural domains and computational protein structure analysis of small protein structures are two methods approaching atomic resolution . = = textbooks = = = = = libraries and projects = = = the protein naming system database protein atlas ncbi entrez protein library ncbi protein structure database human protein structure database . proteinpedia protein @ research ( stanford university ) comparative toxicogenomics database for protein – chemical relationships , as well as gene / protein – disease , and protein @ - @ disease relationships . bioinformatic ##a ameta search engine ( multiple databases ) for gene and protein information . protein databank in libraries ( see also pdbequips , with information and tutorials on selected pdb topics ) protein collaboratory for molecular bioinformatics ( see also molecule of the year , presenting detailed accounts on selected proteins from the pdb ) proteopedia – life sciences 3d : rotatable , zoomable 3d database with wiki sections for every known protein secondary structure . uniprot the human protein resource nextprot – . the universe of human proteins : multi @ - @ centric protein structure : multi @ - @ omics profiling protein structure : moped human and model organism protein / gene knowledge and information database = = = tutorials and educational websites = = = " an introduction to science " from hope ( alzheimer ' s disease research project for neuroscience at stanford ) proteins : pathways to degradation – the national library of biochemistry and cell biology encyclopedia of protein .