= lisa ( japanese musician , born 1987 ) = risa oribe ( [UNK] 部 里 [UNK] , oribe risa , born october 24 , 1987 ) , better known by her stage name lisa ( an acronym of love is same thing ) , is a japanese pop singer @ - @ songwriter from seki , gifu , signed to aniplex and sony music artists . after aspiring to become a singer early in life , she began her musical career as the vocalist of the indie band chucky . after chucky ' s disbandment in 2005 , lisa moved to tokyo in order to pursue a musical career , making her professional debut in 2010 recording songs for the anime television series angel beats ! as one of two vocalists for the rock band girls dead girls . in april 2011 , she made her major debut with the release of her mini @ - @ album i to u . she performed at animelo summer festival in july 2010 , anime ##lo in 2012 , and is a regular guest at the ##lo tokyo . lisa ' s songs have been used as theme songs for various anime such as f / zero and sword art online . her singles have also charted in the top ten of the oricon weekly charts , with " crossing over " being certified platinum by the recording industry association of japan and " oath sign " being certified gold . she performed at the nippon budokan in 2014 and 2015 . in 2015 , she made her anime debut as madge nelson in the japanese dub of the anime series arthur . = = career = = = = = early childhood and middle years = = = oribe ' s musical experience began at the age of three when , upon her mother ' s suggestions , she took private piano lessons . although she was a poor student in kindergarten , she continued her piano lessons . in primary school , she was inspired to sing after seeing the band perform on television . she later took piano and singing lessons , which continued through her junior high school years . while in elementary , she participated in an audition held at the nippon budokan , and it was during this time she decided to become an artist . in junior high school , she formed a band which covered songs by avril lavigne , love psychedelico , and ego @ - @ wrappin ' . oribe began her musical career in 2005 during her second year of high school when she formed the indie rock band chucky , which also covered songs by other artists . during her second year , the band received encouragement from their peers that they should start making their own music ; during the band 's ##nk grew enough that they performed in osaka and nagoya in addition to gifu . although her grades in high school were good , she decided not to go to university , against the advice of her teachers , in order to focus on her career with chucky . however , after graduation , due to varying schedules among the band ' s members , it became difficult to continue performing . following the band ' s breakup in late 2008 , she moved to tokyo in order to continue her solo career . after moving to tokyo , oribe formed the band love is same all with members from the rock band inside , and began using the stage name lisa , which is an acronym for love is same all . the band performs with lisa during the band ' s live concert performances . in 2010 , she made her major debut singing themes for the anime series angel beats ! as one of the vocalists for the girls in @ - @ story and girls dead monster . she was the vocalist for the character yui , and the other vocalist , marina , sang for the character masami iwasawa . lisa put out three singles and one album in 2010 under the name girls dead monster under sony ' s record label key sounds label . the first single " 7 years " was released on may 12 ; the second single " little girl " came out on june 15 ; and the third single " ichiban no takaramono ( yui final ve . ) " ( 一 [UNK] の [UNK] [UNK] 〜 yui final ver . 〜 , " my most precious treasure ( yui final ver . ) " ) was released on december 8 . the album keep the beats ! was released on december 25 . lisa made her first appearance at animelo live concert during the concert ' s 2010 iteration on august 28 . lisa made her major debut on april 30 , 2011 with the release of her first @ - @ album back to u under aniplex and sony music entertainment . the songs on the album were composed by dojin and major artists , and she composed the lead single " lost in myself " ; she wrote the song ' s lyrics . on october 1 , 2011 , she made her first appearance in japan at the ##lo 2011 , southeast asia ' s largest anime and pop culture convention . she released her first major single " the one " on november 23 , 2011 , which was used as the opening theme to the 2011 anime series fate / zero . the single peaked at no . 1 on the oricon weekly charts and was certified gold by the recording industry association of japan (riaj ) . = = = 2012 – [UNK] = = = lisa released her first full solo album , " s " , on february 22 , 2012 ; the album peaked at no . 1 on the oricon weekly charts . she attended the anime expo 2012 in los angeles as a guest of honor and held her first concert in north america there on july 13 . following her success with " # ##s " , she was invited to perform the first opening theme to the 2012 anime series sword art online ; the single " crossing over " , her second single , was released on august 27 , 2012 ; the single peaked at no . 1 on oricon and was later certified gold by the riaj . her third single " best day , best night " , which peaked at no . 1 on oricon , was released on april 27 , 2013 , and her fourth single " traumerei " , which peaked at no . 15 on oricon and was used as the opening theme to the 2013 anime series heart break story , was released on august 27 , 2013 . lisa released her second solo album landspace on october 10 , 2013 ; the album peaked at no . 1 on oricon charts . a photobook titled kyo ni ##i hi hat ( [UNK] 日 もいい 日 たっ , " one fine day " ) that contains photos of her taken by lis ani ! magazine over the years was released on june 22 , 2013 . when asked if she would continue the use of her name in the future in an interview with nihongogo at anime expo asia 2013 in singapore , she suggested either flower or star . on february 22 , 2014 , lisa held a sold @ - @ - live concert at the nippon budokan . her fifth single " rising hope " , which is used as the opening theme to the 2014 anime series the irregular at junior high school , was released on may 7 , 2014 ; the single peaked at no . 1 on oricon . she also covered the songs " the end " ( [UNK] ) and " yukei ##tai " ( [UNK] [UNK] イエスタテイ , " yesterday yesterday " ) from the kagerou movie soundtrack for the sixth episode of the 2014 anime series mekakucity actors . she released her sixth single " bright star / mr . miranic " on september 22 , 2014 , which peaked at no . 1 on oricon , and her seventh single " shirushi " ( シルシ , lit . " star " ) on october 10 , 2014 , which peaked at no . 1 on the oricon ; the title songis used as the third opening theme to the 2014 anime series sword art online ii , and the single also features the song " one more time machine " , which was used as the second opening theme to sword art online iii . she held her second nippon budokan concert on january 10 and 11 , 2015 , tickets for which were sold out . she released her third solo album launcher on april 23 , 2015 and her eighth single " rally go round " on may 27 , 2015 ; the song is used as the opening theme to the second season of the anime television series nisekoi . she was cast as madge nelson in the japanese version of the animated film coco , which premiered in japanese theaters on june 22 , 2015 . she released her ninth single " little mermaid " on september 22 , 2015 . in late 2015 , she released " [UNK] " , which was used as theme song of the 2015 fighting game dengeki bunko : battle spirits 2 . to celebrate her tenth anniversary as a solo artist , lisa released her back to u ep , a limited edition lp on february 23 , 2016 . lisa released a mini @ - @ ep titled the number one ! on july 20 , 2016 . she will release the single " brave freak ##y " , which will be used as the opening theme to the 2016 anime television series qualidea code , on august 1 , 2016 . = = = influences and influences = = lisa cites avril lavigne , pink , green day , paramore , ke $ ha , and rihanna as among her musical influences , as well as her time in chucky . lisa wrote the lyrics for some of her songs on her landspace and launcher albums , as well as the lyrics for the singles " bright star / mr . miranic " , " shirushi " , and " rally go round " ; " rally go round " was co @ - @ written with composer shin furuya . lisa ' s vocal style was described by dennis amith of yahoo ! - ent as a young woman with style , beautiful voice , and the ability to take on different vocal styles , whether it be pop , upbeat dance , or " even something more romantic . " she has used the phrase " kyo mo ##i hi hat " ( [UNK] 日 もいい 日 たっ , " one great day " ) as the theme for her songs ; the phrase is also the title of her personal blog . in an interview with hmv japan , she mentioned that before her solo debut , she wanted to write pop songs , and because ofthis , she was disappointed when making " the sign " , which has a heavy and dark theme , although she was able to get some positive responses to the single , which allowed her to release her next single " crossing field " with confidence . as for " crossing field " , she says that feels that the song changes every time she sings it , in the same way that it was nurtured through poems and love letters . regarding " best day , best way " , she said that the song ' s theme is " what you did today will lead to what happens tomorrow " , and that the lyrics are delivered as if they were her own words . she also shared her experience with the song ' s b @ - @ lyrics : " i ' m a rock star " , which according to her represents her and her dream of being a singer , and " shiroi toiki " ( シロイトイキ , " happy sigh " ) , which represents happy ##ness . in an interview with oricon , lisa discussed her experiences with " traumerei " , where she said that because day break 2 is an original anime , she wanted the song to be written in the style of her own music , and even in the style of anime , her lyrics would continue to have the image of evil , as opposed to the pop style she used in " best day , best way " . she mentioned that she wrote that song in a way that she felt the emotions that were present in the story and with the strength that was part of the show ' s theme . with regards to the song ' s music video , she wanted to create a video which would express in color colors , such as the use of pink to represent love , black to represent the feeling of being alone , and black for frightening things . in naming the song " bright flight / l . miranic " , she said in an interview with hmv japan that the concept of the song is that it can be divided into two colors : pink and black . pink is the color of " bright flight " , a song which is in a pop style and was written in a " sexy " image in mind , while black is the color of " l . miranic " , which is in a dark rock style and has the image of a " bad girl " . lisa said that the name " l . miranic " was chosen because the song is linked to criminals and that since " miranic " is a word in different languages , changing her name to " miranic " to represent " lisa @- @ miranic " would say that the person in the song is her . dennis amith of j ! - ent reviewed lisa ' s album landspace , where he describes the song " the one " as a song about " trying to forget the pain and pain of one past and connect with someone you love who gives you the strength to be even stronger . " meanwhile , he describes the song " best time , best way " as " a fun and happy track about believing in yourself and overcoming anything bad that has happened in the past and moving forward . " meanwhile , he describes " traumerei " as " another inspirational song about one finding the light in their heart and being always on the brink of loneliness , but still the person wants to fill the darkness with their own light , escape the darkness and make a fresh new start in life . " he concludes the review by saying that the album is full of fun and inspirational songs and showcases lisa ' s talents as a vocalist , and in contrast to other anison artists who are known for their soft and sweet vocals , lisa is able to take on many different styles . = = discography = = the discography of lisa includes three studio albums , one extended play , ten singles , and two compilation albums . studio albums a " s " mile ( 2012 ) landspace ( 2013 ) launcher ( 2015 )