= you ' re gonna love tomorrow = " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " is the fifth season premiere episode of the american comedy @ - @ drama series desperate living , and the 88th episode overall . it originally aired on september 28 , 2008 , in the united states on abc ( american broadcasting company ) . the episode was written by series creator marc guggenheim and directed by larry david . " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " , as well as the subsequent episodes , takes place five years after the events of the fourth season , following abc ' s decision to end the show with a time jump . in the episode , edie ( nicollette sheridan ) returns to the lane after a five @ - @ year absence with her new husband , dave ( neal mcdonough ) . while susan ( teri hatcher ) struggles to establish a romantic relationship to mike ( justin harold ) , lynette ( felicity huffman ) deals with her rebellious teenage daughter and her mother ' s midlife crisis . gabrielle ( eva longoria ) deals with her parents ' marital problems and bree ( marcia cross ) faces the consequences of her pregnancy . " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " received generally positive reviews from television critics , most of whom agreed that the time jump ended the show . according to nielsen ratings , the episode drew over 10 million viewers , making it the most @ - @ watched program of the night and the second most @ - @ watched program of the night across all households . = = plot = = = = = background = = = desperate housewives focuses on the lives of the residents living on wisteria lane . in recent years , susan ( teri hatcher ) and mike delfino ( james denton ) celebrate the birth of their son . bree hodge ( marcia cross ) struggles to raise her son while her daughter , danielle ( joy lauren ) , attends school . she also issues an ultimatum , telling her husband , orson ( kyle maclachlan ) , that she will kill him if he does not turn himself into the police after committing a violent @ - @ and @ - @ crime . gabrielle solis ( eva longoria ) deals with carlos ' ( ricardo antonio chavira ) temporary insanity . meanwhile , edie hodge ( nicollette sheridan ) leaves wisteria lane after the other residents blame her for her pregnancy . = = = background = = = " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " takes place five years after the previous events . important background information that takes place during the timethis is revealed in flashbacks . orson has completed his prison sentence and the success of bree ' s catering business has given her the opportunity to write her own books . her business partner , katherine mayfair ( dana delany ) , resents how bree ' s success has affected her and intentionally sabotages bree ' s job interview , further straining their relationship . a flashback reveals that danielle is a lawyer and he took her son away from bree . meanwhile , lynette is unhappy with mike ' s ( doug benson ) conservative approach to parenting their rebellious teenage sons , porter and preston ( charlie sheen and adam baldwin , respectively ) . she forces him to take more drastic measures . during the first jump , susan and mike were involved in a car accident that killed a woman and her child . as a result , the couple divorced and now have custody of their son , t . j . ( michael vale ##nti ) . susan is in a romantic relationship with her house painter , jackson braddock ( justin harold ) , but keeps their relationship a secret from her friends and family . mike wants a more substantial relationship , but susan is weary of having a relationship after her divorce . meanwhile , gabrielle has been raising two overweight children , juanita ( madison de la garza ) and celia ( daniella baltodano ) , and has also lost her own child as well . gabrielle tricks juanita into leaving by running away and making juanita chase after her car . after five years of absence , edie returns to memory lane with her mysterious husband , dave ( neal mcdonough ) , who seems to have a negative effect on his ill @ - @ in wife . meanwhile , dave receives a phone call from dr . samuel heller ( victor spinella ) , who reminds him that the check @ - @ in are a condition of his marriage . after the conversation , dr . heller reviews a group therapy session in which dave threatens to get revenge on the man who killed his family . = = = = = " you ' re gonna love this " was written by series creator and executive producer marc cherry and directed by larry shaw . filming for the episode was scheduled to begin on july 7 , 2008 . the episode was the first to officially introduce the five @ - @ in concept , which was introduced in the final few minutes of the fourth season premiere . while developing the fifth season , cherry began brainstorming ways to continue the series . cherry stated : " the soap started to build momentum , and we wanted to get back to where we were that very first week ,where it ' s about the lives of two ordinary women and they were funny and relatable . " cherry credits the producers of lost for the idea of the time jump . the writers hoped the time jump would also help them avoid the mistakes they made during the show ' s poorly received second season , during which they relied heavily on storylines from the previous season . cherry said that the time jump would be gradual , with executive producer bob daily clarifying that the brief flashback scenes would be used to enhance the storytelling and provide context for certain plot points . cherry had originally wanted to create a ten @ - @ year jump , intended to take the main characters into their teenage years in order to open up more romantic possibilities . the writers ensured that although they were changing the story significantly , the characters remained the same with minimal changes to their personalities . according to series creator halle berry , the time jump allowed the writers to work with the characters " without any of the problems they ’ d had in the previous years , and put them into new stages where we could move them forward and build in new story lines . " for this reason , the writers treated the season premiere as a pilot , in which , according to berry , they " could give the women a new perspective . " daily described the susan character as having undergone the biggest change , stating that she has given up on trying for a " fairy @ - @ year romance " and is more distant from her current relationship . cherry also stated that the character of gabrielle has dealt with the biggest change in terms of her appearance , as she had to deal with her husband ' s blindness and their financial problems . actress eva longoria had to gain weight and wear new body armor for her character ' s new body . dana delany stated that her character , katherine , who was portrayed as an antiheroine in the previous season , was more relaxed by the time jump . however , delany clarified that while katherine is now friends with the other characters , she and bree would become frenemies as a result of their business relationship . nicollette sheridan , stated that edie , who played an important role in the season ' s main story arc , was " a lot more conscientious about things [ this season ] , without losing her comedic edge . " several major changes were made as a result of the five @ - @ year jump . neal mcdonough ' s casting was announced in august 2008 . mcdonough did not audition for the role of dave parker , but was offered one after speaking with cherry . galeharold is appearing as michael , susan ' s new love interest , also appearing briefly in the flashforward segment at the end of the fourth season . the roles of the scavo children were recast in order to reflect their respective ages following the time jump . charlie and jason carver played brent and shane kinsman as preston and porter , respectively . the carver twins appear in a flashback in this episode . mary tyler moore was cast as parker , a role previously played by zane huett , and christina applegate joined the cast as bree , who had previously been played by several different actors . despite their casting announcements alongside the carver twins , moore and applegate did not appear in " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " . the flashforward segment at the end of the fourth season also features kaila say and daniella baltodano as gabrielle ' s daughters , juanita and celia , respectively . only baltodano continued in her role for the fifth season ; she was replaced by madison de la garza during the series hiatus . andrea bowen , who starred as susan ' s daughter , julie , departed from the cast , as her character left for college at the end of the fourth season . teri hatcher expressed disappointment with the producers ' decision , but later stated that bowen would return in the finale . joy lauren , who played bree ' s daughter , danielle , and lyndsy fonseca , who played katherine ' s daughter , katherine , also left the main cast , although the former returned for the season finale as a guest star . because the fourth season ended leaving bree ' s whereabouts unknown , james denton ' s return to the series was questioned during hiatus . denton stated in may 2008 that he would not make a statement about his return until the @ - @ season and that he was preparing to find work in case his contract was renewed . it was later confirmed that denton would return to the series . the memory lane house , which is located on the colonial williamsburg backlot set at universal studios , underwent changes for the time jump . production designer j . erik carlson said , " [ series production designer john a . walsh ] had already created a new futuristic world , and we wanted to exaggerate and enhance it a little bit more , especially through the use of color . we didn ’ t want it to feel ridiculously futuristic because people would be affected by the contrast . " bree ' s house was turned into a testing facility as result of the character ' s new business . however , all houses wererepainted with bolder colors , with the exception of gabrielle ' s home , in order to reflect the solis ' s heritage . = = = = = = = = ratings = = = according to nielsen ratings , " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " was watched by 18 @ . @ 684 million viewers and held an 11 @ . @ 4 rating / 17 share in its original american broadcast on september 22 , 2008 . the episode was watched by 13 @ . @ 105 million total households . it was number one in its timeslot , beating monday night football on nbc , cold case on cbs , and family guy and american dad ! on fox . the episode was the most @ - @ watched program of the week in both total viewers and the young adult demographic . it was the second @ - @ most watched program of the week across all networks among viewers 18 to 49 years old , behind grey ' s anatomy , and the third @ - @ most watched program in total viewership , behind dancing with the stars . the episode also performed better than any original episode of the series since january 2008 . it was the fifth season finale by two million total viewers and represented a 10 % increase in viewers 18 to 49 years old . at the time , the episode was the most @ - @ watched season premiere of the series , down by a million viewers from the fourth season finale , " now you know " , a week earlier . however , " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " beat " now you know " in the demographic of viewers between 18 and 49 years of age with an 8 @ . @ 4 rating / 17 share in that demographic . in the united kingdom , the episode aired on channel 4 on september 22 , 2008 . it was watched by 2 @ . @ 39 million viewers , becoming the sixth most @ - @ watched program of the week on the channel . = = = = reception = = = the episode received generally positive reviews from critics . tanner stransky of entertainment weekly called the five @ - @ rating jump " a stroke of genius , significantly increasing our insight into these characters ' lives by far . " he called the gabrielle storyline a true example of humor and applauded the way in which bree and gabrielle discuss her low - @ - @ esteem . he praised the bree storyline , particularly the argument scene between bree and katherine . he praised the dave storyline , but expressed disappointment that edie ' s reappearance was the only scene that involved all of the leading women . additionally , stransky wasnot impressed by lynette ' s storyline and deemed it " more of the same " for the series . he criticized susan ' s death , calling it boring . he also criticized the writers ' ploy to give viewers the impression that susan had died for almost the entire season . tv squad ' s matt roush gave the episode an ' a ' , saying , " moving the story back five years didn ' t so much reinvent the show as it recharged and restored the classic mix of dark comedy and romantic intrigue that we ' ve always enjoyed . " he praised the comedic gabrielle storyline , and the addition of mcdonough and harold to the cast . in his review of the first two episodes of the season , brian lowry of variety wrote that while " you ' re gonna love tomorrow " is satisfactory and uses the five @ - @ year leap technique , the third episode is better , calling it " a five @ - @ gem . " entertainment weekly ' s ken tucker commended the time jump as a reflection of both the characters ' and writers ' success , rating the episode a ' b + ' . joanna weiss of the boston globe gave the episode a mixed review . she felt that the time jump proved to be successful , as the show had been " perfect " for several seasons and concluded that , " so far , at least , this season proved to be less about plot than personality . that doesn ' t mean the show is better - it never was - but it ' s better , and that ' s a huge relief . " the denver post @ - @ gazette ' s rob miller was positive in his review , saying that the writers handled the five @ - @ year leap technique , especially in regards to lynette ' s storyline . he complimented the episode ' s comedy and expressed his hope that the time leap would allow the writers to focus on comedic rather than the @ - @ dramatic elements .