= fear of flying ( the simpsons ) = " fear of flying " is the seventh episode of the simpsons ' sixth season . it was first broadcast on the fox network in the united states on november 9 , 1994 . in the episode , homer is banned from moe ' s tavern and struggles to find a new job . when he boards a plane after being mistaken for a pilot at a pilots @ - @ only bar , the bartender buys the simpsons ' drinks with free drinks . the crew discovers that marge is afraid of flying . the episode was directed by mark kirkland , and written by david sacks . it features numerous guest stars , including anne bancroft as dr . simpson . additionally , ted danson , woody harrelson , rhea perlman , john ratzenberger , and george wendt appear as their characters from cheers . it received positive reviews from television critics , and received a nielsen rating of 9 @ . @ 6 . the authors of i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide commented positively on the episode , as did reviews from dvd verdict and dvd movie guide . = = = = = after pulling a harmless prank on moe , homer is banned from his job , presumably because moe laughed off the @ - @ threatening prank that lenny , carl and barney pulled on him . looking for a place to drink ( including the local bar ) , homer eventually heads for an airline pilots ' bar , but is mistaken for a pilot ( despite knowing that he ' s not really a pilot ) and is put in the cockpit of an airplane , which he promptly wrecks after breaking the stationary plane ' s landing gear . in exchange for his silence of the mistake they ' ve made , the pilot offers the simpson family free tickets to anywhere they want in the continental united states . however , the prospect of air travel fills marge with dread as she has a fear of flying , and after numerous failed attempts to get out of the plane , she eventually has a panic attack on the plane , following which the trip is cancelled . marge does not want to talk to anybody about her fears , and lisa fears that marge ' s decision to keep her fears bottled up will cause them to " come out in other ways " . when marge begins to show signs of her lingering flight @ - @ only trauma by claiming the cat and the dog are living in sin , eating vegetarian food , and shingling the roof in the middle of the night , lisa convinces her to seek treatment with therapist dr . zweig . homer , however , grows increasingly anxious about marge' s therapy , so that he will blame marge ' s trauma on him , and get her to forgive him . zweig reveals the source of marge ' s fear : the moment she realized her father was not a pilot , but an apron @ - @ wearing flight attendant , a profession that was mostly reserved for women at the time . her fear is eased when he tells her that male flight attendants are now very common and that her father could be considered a pilot . marge also brings up memories of her father poking her in the eye as a baby while playing golf , a small plane catching fire , and having the plane shoot at her and her mother , but he just saved them . before the therapist begins to question marge ' s sanity , homer immediately pushes him away and marge manages to thank zweig for saving her . marge is eventually cured of her fears , but when she and homer try to get on a plane again , the plane crashes into a lake . = = = = = " fear of flying " was directed by mark kirkland , and written by david sacks . the idea of the episode came about when sacks walked into the writers ' room with an idea for an episode where homer goes to a therapist " for one reason or another " . he and the other writers then structured the rest of the episode around that storyline . anne bancroft was brought in to voice zweig . after bancroft recorded her part , the animators based bancroft ' s design on a personal suggestion from cast member tress macneille , the cat . after bancroft had recorded her part , zweig was redesigned to fit with bancroft ' s character . they added fuller lips and a hint of gray in her hair to give her a more mature look . when homer was thrown out of moe ' s tavern , it was originally planned for the cat to talk to homer , and then have him enter the bar . the result was the barflies loving the scene , and liking homer even more . according to david silverman , the fact that it looked depressing was the reason why it was deleted , and replaced with a more comedic scene with him chasing a rabbit . the staff was able to get the entire cast of the american sitcom cheers , with the exception of kelsey grammer , to appear and guest star in the episode . the staff could not arrange the time to allow time in the studio for grammer , who also had a recurring role on the show as sideshow bob , to play frasier crane . ted danson guest starred as bart , woodyharrelson as woody , rhea perlman as carla , john ratzenberger as cliff , and george wendt as bart . = = = references = = homer enters the cheers bar in a scene which is a parody of a 1994 episode of the television series cheers . all of the main characters are voiced by the actors who played them in cheers . ironically , frasier crane remains silent , being voiced by simpsons veteran kelsey grammer , the voice of silent bob . marge ' s dream features her in the role of mrs . robinson from lost in space , while homer plays dr . watson . the scene where homer and jacqueline bouvier duck down when a sniper shoots at them in a helicopter is a parody of alfred hitchcock ' s film north by northwest . bart ' s john lushmore character plays eustace tilley , the editor of the new yorker . homer ' s line about getting out of bed is taken from it ' s a wonderful life , and homer ' s mafia @ - @ sold out song is revealed to be " it ' s raining men " by the weather girls . when abe ##d is left alone on the plane , his slapping his hands over his face and head is a reference to home alone . this is the second time home alone has been parodied by the simpsons . the first is " home alone " , a reference to the simpsons . when homer is looking for a drink to drink , he enters a lesbian bar , the she she lounge . however , he soon realizes that " this lesbian bar doesn ' t have a rear exit " . he then exits , saying " have your night , marge ! " . this is a reference to a famous greenwich village gay bar , the jamaica inn . this " @ - @ - and - run bar " has no rear exit , and if there had been a fire on a saturday night , hundreds of customers would have had to go through a very long hallway leading to the front door . " the films the rents are hero , villain , and alive , the last of which marge watches . all of them the plane crashes . when marge enters dr . zweig ' s office , she says , " whenever the wind whistles through the trees , i ' ll think , lowenstein , lowenstein … " . this is a reference to the prince of tides ; the psychiatrist is dr . lowenstein . = = reception = = in its original american broadcast , " fear of flying " finished first ( tied with dateline nbc ) in the ratings for the week ofdecember 15 to december 18 , 1994 , with a nielsen rating of 8 @ . @ 6 . the episode was the third highest rated show on the fox network that week , beaten only by beverly hills , 90210 , and married . . . with children . since airing , the episode has received mostly positive reviews from film and television critics . in july 2007 , michael crerar of the guardian named the cheers cast ' s cameo as one of the thirty @ - @ - @ cameos in the history of the show . warren martyn and adrian wood , the authors of the book i can ' t believe it ' s a bigger and better updated unofficial simpsons guide , said it was " a very good @ - @ - episode with lots of great funny pieces – the references to cheers and lost in space are fantastic " , and noted that " marge ' s father looks suspiciously like moe " . ryan keefer of dvd talk said that " with the cast of cheers appearing ( except for grammer , only ) and a funny spoof of north by northwest , the episode is much better than you would expect " , and gave it a b + . colin jacobson at dvd movie guide said in a review of the second season premiere that it was " a show i didn ’ t recall , but that worked out well . i hadn ’ ##ot ##t how many quotes i ’ ve heard from this one : the name ' homer simpson ' , the one with the long tail , ' a burden comes with a hassle ' . the name makes little sense with regard to continuity since marge has flown during the shows , but it ’ s consistently very funny and entertaining . " the phoenix named anne bancroft one of the ten best guest stars to appear on the show . = = merchandise = = the episode was selected for release in the 1999 dvd release of selected episodes titled : the simpsons goes to hollywood . the episodes included in the collection , were " the moe ' s " , " krusty gets kancelled " , and " homer to the rescue " . " fear of flying " was not included in the 2003 dvd release of the same series . it was included in the complete season six dvd collection , which was released on september 26 , 2005 , as the simpsons – the complete sixth season .