= hurricane lorenzo ( 2007 ) = hurricane lorenzo was a rapidly strengthening tropical cyclone that struck the mexican state of veracruz in late september 2007 . the third named storm and second hurricane of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season , lorenzo formed in the southwestern gulf of mexico from a tropical wave . after remaining for two days without development , the storm began a general westward motion as its structure became more organized . in an 18 ‑ hour period , lorenzo ' s winds increased from 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) to 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) , and from a tropical depression to a hurricane . on september 25 lorenzo passed near tecolutla , veracruz , a day after hurricane dean affected the same area , before it quickly dissipated over land . the most significantly affected state was puebla , where damage reached over $ 1 billion usd ( $ 92 million 2007 usd ) . most of this resulted from road damage in the state ' s northern portion , although there were also hundreds of damaged homes . in veracruz and neighboring hidalgo , there were 123 @ , @ 320 people affected across 112 municipalities . overall there were six deaths in the country , one in veracruz and five in puebla . in the latter city , a family of four perished in a landslide . = = meteorological year = = the origins of hurricane lorenzo were from a tropical wave that exited the coast of africa on september 19 . after moving across the eastern atlantic ocean , lorenzo traversed parts of the caribbean sea before developing an area of thunderstorms on september 22 . the system developed a low pressure area on september 24 after the western portion of the wave broke off and crossed the yucatan peninsula . initially , a hurricane hunters flight was dispatched to investigate the system , although the low became disorganized over the southwestern gulf of mexico due to increased wind shear . however , the wind shear decreased , and early on september 25 , another hurricane hunters flight reported the development of a closed , @ - @ type circulation . based on that observation , along with sufficient persistence of the system , the system developed into tropical depression eleven about 190 mi ( 305 km ) east of veracruz , tamaulipas . upon formation , the depression was located in an area of weak steering currents , resulting in an erratic movement generally to the south . in its early stages , the depression executed a small loop . as it did so , it moved into an area of relatively warm waters and low wind shear . the system ' s convection gradually organized , although the winds were slower to develop . an eye became established over the system ,and the depression intensified into tropical storm lorenzo at around 1200 utc on september 26 . at the time , it was located about 150 mi ( 240 km ) east of tuxpan , veracruz , moving generally westward under the influence of a subtropical ridge to the east . as it approached the coast , lorenzo rapidly intensified further , and within 12 hours of attaining tropical storm status , intensified into a hurricane . hurricane lorenzo quickly developed a large eyewall , which was visible on radar and had a maximum wind estimate of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) by 0000 utc on september 27 . the storm maintained deep and symmetric convection around the center , although the structure weakened slightly . lorenzo crossed the coast near tecolutla , veracruz at 0500 utc that day , with winds of around 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . after making landfall , the storm rapidly weakened to tropical storm intensity . progressing inland , the circulation became difficult to locate as the convection diminished to rainbands along the coast . within 19 hours of moving ashore , the circulation of lorenzo dissipated , effectively ending its existence as a tropical cyclone . = = preparations and impact = = about 26 hours before landfall , the mexican government issued a tropical storm watch from palma sola to santa cruz in veracruz . about 14 hours before landfall , a tropical storm warning was put into effect from palma sola to cabo rojo , which in turn was upgraded to a hurricane warning six hours later . mexico ' s environmental protection agency issued a " red alert " for much of the state of veracruz . along the coast of veracruz , officials canceled school classes . officials opened 315 shelters in veracruz , along with six in neighboring hidalgo , which evacuated 45 @ , @ 164 people during the storm . the government of veracruz provided buses for residents to transport from their homes to the shelters . ports in tecolutla , tuxpan and nautla were forced to close . lorenzo ' s winds caused gas prices to rise due to its potential to disrupt port facilities in the gulf of mexico . hurricane lorenzo made landfall in veracruz , the coastal region of east @ - @ central mexico as hurricane # ##e a month later . the winds primarily affected several fishing villages along the coast , where the winds knocked down power lines , leaving about 100 @ , @ 000 people without power . to prevent the spread of downed wires , officials shut down the power grid in several villages in eastern veracruz . the winds also destroyed the roofs of several houses in nautla . in addition to the strong winds , lorenzo produced heavy rainfall along the coast and further inland , peakingat 12 @ . @ 13 in ( 326 mm ) in el raudal , veracruz . the rains caused widespread flooding and mudslides that killed at least four people , including a family of two in the state . flooding also damaged portions of several highways . in some locations , floodwaters reached about 1 in ( 30 mm ) in total . the combination of winds and rains damaged 169 houses in veracruz , while in hidalgo , the san lorenzo river overflowed its banks and forced the evacuation of about 200 people . swollen rivers in veracruz forced about 1 @ , @ 000 people to leave their homes . along the cazones river , more than 1 @ , @ 000 homes were flooded , resulting in local government officials to assist in evacuations . damage in veracruz was estimated at $ 1 billion pesos ( $ 100 million 2007 usd ) , much of it from road damage in the eastern portion of the state . overall , the storm killed 123 @ , @ 320 people in veracruz and hidalgo , prompting the declaration of a state of emergency for 112 municipalities . the declaration recommended the usage of emergency resources for the affected people . there were a total of seven deaths in the country , five of which in veracruz . by about 24 hours after the storm , all schools were reopened . the mexican government provided food , water , and construction supplies for the areas directly affected in veracruz . following the storm , about 500 power workers were sent to puebla to restore power to the affected areas .