= = battle of maryang san = the second battle of maryang san ( date – 8 april 1951 ) , also known as the second battle of maliangshan ( chinese : [UNK] 良 山 [UNK] 御 [UNK] ; pinyin : maliang shan fangyu zhan ) , was fought during the korean war between united nations ( un ) forces — the australian and british — and the chinese communist people ' s volunteer army . the battle occurred during a major ground offensive by us i corps , codenamed operation varsity . this offensive successfully pushed the chinese back from the imjin river to the jamestown river and destroyed elements of two chinese divisions in heavy fighting . the much smaller battle of maryang san took place over a five @ - @ day period , and saw the 3rd battalion , royal australian regiment ( 3 rar ) dislodge a numerically superior chinese force from the tactically important kowang @ - @ san ( hill 355 ) and maryang san ( hill 317 ) features , in conjunction with other units of the 1st commonwealth division . using tactics first used against the japanese in new guinea during the second world war , the australians gained the advantage of the open ground and attacked the chinese positions from unexpected directions . they then repelled several chinese attacks culminating at re @ - @ and maryang san , with both sides suffering heavy casualties before the chinese were finally relieved by a larger force . however , with the re @ - @ talks over , these operations proved to be last actions in the war of manoeuvre , which had lasted the previous sixteen months . it was followed by a defensive war characterised by static defences reminiscent of the western front in 1915 – 17 . a month later , the australians subsequently re @ - @ captured maryang san from the chinese during fierce fighting , and it was never re @ - @ gained . nevertheless , the battle is widely regarded as one of the australian army ' s greatest victories during the war . = = = = = = = = = history = = = following general of the army douglas macarthur ' s appointment as commander @ - @ - @ - @ and of un forces in korea , he was replaced by general matthew h . ridgway . consequently , on 14 april 1951 , general james van fleet replaced ridgway as commander of the us eighth army and the united nations forces in korea . the korean spring offensive during april and may 1951 resulted in its defeat , while after two months of sporadic operations in mid @ - @ june and july , the war entered a new phase , with van fleet returning to the offensive. in july the kansas and wyoming lines were captured , while a limited offensive in the west @ - @ central sector in mid @ - @ august captured the high ground between the punchbowl and heartbreak ridge during the battle of bloody ridge . in september the offensive in this sector resumed , capturing the high hill just north of bloody ridge , known as heartbreak ridge . meanwhile , the composition of the commonwealth land forces fighting in korea as part of the united nations forces had undergone a change in the months between the battle of the imjin river and kapyong in late @ - @ july 1951 . 3 rar had been transferred from 27th british commonwealth brigade to the 28th british commonwealth brigade when that formation departed for hong kong . meanwhile , after protracted negotiations between the governments of australia , britain , canada , india , new zealand and south africa , agreement had been reached to form an integrated force with the aim of increasing the political value of their contribution , as well as facilitating the solution of the logistic and logistical challenges faced by the various commonwealth forces . the 1st infantry division was formed on 28 july 1951 , with the division including the 25th australian , 28th british commonwealth and 29th british commonwealth brigades under the command of major general james cassels , and as part of us i corps . since its formation , the division had occupied most of the west @ - @ central sector of the un line , approximately 48 kilometres ( 30 mi ) south of the capital seoul . the 1st division comprised three infantry battalions — the 1st battalion , king ' s own scottish rifles ( 1 kosb ) , 1st battalion , king ' s shropshire light infantry ( 1 ksli ) and the 3rd battalion , royal australian regiment — under the command of brigadier john anderson . during this period 3 rar was commanded by lieutenant colonel francis hassett . the @ - @ talks at kaesong during july and august led to a lull in the fighting and 3 rar undertook mainly support duties , helping to construct the defences of the kansas line south of the imjin river , as well as conducting extensive patrolling on the un line . the battalion also used the increased operational strength as an opportunity to receive reinforcements . the period culminated in a limited , and largely unsuccessful , divisional advance 12 kilometres ( 7 @ . @ 5 mi ) south of the imjin to the wyoming line , codenamed operation varsity , in september . = = = = = = = = australian forces = = = in late @ - @ september and early @ - @ october — even while continuing the advance against heartbreak ridge — van ##gdevised a plan for a limited offensive in the western sector , known as operation commando , to begin 10 kilometres ( 6 @ . @ 6 mi ) north of the 38th parallel , with the aim of pushing chinese forces back and giving united nations forces more leverage in the truce negotiations then occurring at panmunjom . operation commando was planned for beginning – 5 october 1951 and the us i corps commander , lieutenant general john j . o ' daniel , envisioned a concept of attack in which two of the corps ' infantry divisions would advance on a broad front in conjunction with us 24th infantry division on the left flank of the neighbouring us ix corps , forming a new defensive line known as the jamestown line . the divisions to be involved in the attack included the british 24th division , the 1st cavalry division and the 1st south korean division . the 1st south korean division would remain in its existing position on the right flank . in the sector occupied by the 24th division , chinese ground forces were dug into a group of hills overlooking the imjin river . the division faced 2 @ , @ 000 men from the chinese 191st division , eighth army under the overall command of xie zhengrong . the chinese forces were divided into two brigades of about 2 @ , @ 000 men each , with two regiments of @ - @ in in well prepared defensive positions with overhead guns , and a third regiment in reserve . the 28th brigade faced one of the three forward regiments — the 571st regiment — which was deployed with one battalion on hill 355 , a second battalion astride hill 217 and hill 317 , and a third battalion in reserve to the west . the task allocated to the british commonwealth brigade was to capture these positions with the objective of advancing the line from the south bank of the imjin to a group of hills to the north , in achieving an objective that was more than 15 kilometres ( 6 @ . @ 3 mi ) . the main objectives of the advance would be the capture of kowang @ - @ san ( hill 355 ) and maryang san ( hill 317 ) and the task of taking these positions was allocated to the 28th british commonwealth brigade , with this brigade bearing the brunt of the attack . cassels planned on attacking the jamestown line in three phases . during the first phase , scheduled for 3 october , the 25th brigade would take hill 355 and the south @ - @ eastern sector . during the second phase , on 4 october , the 25th brigade would assault the two hill 187 positions and the south @ - @ western sector running to the samichon river . also during the second phase ,scheduled for 5 october , the 29th brigade would capture hills 217 and 317 . as such , the bulk of the division ' s strength would be concentrated on the right flank , to be held by the 29th brigade ; meanwhile , the 25th brigade would hold the left flank and the 29th brigade would be held in reserve while providing a battalion to each of the other brigades as reinforcements . kowang @ - @ san would be taken during the first phase by 1 kosb with 2 ksli and 1 rar in support , while maryang san would be taken during the third phase of the operation by 1 rar and the 1st battalion , royal northumberland fusiliers ( 1 rnf ) , who were under command from the brigade for the duration of operation commando . extensive reconnaissance and planning took place in the week prior to the commencement of the operation and taylor emphasised the use of indirect fires , air support and infiltration tactics to reduce casualties , as well as the exploitation of weak points in the chinese positions . in direct support of the brigade was 1st field regiment , royal new zealand artillery with its 5 @ . @ 45 @ - @ inch ( 76 mm ) 25 @ - @ pounder field guns , in addition to divisional and corps artillery which included 3 @ . @ 45 @ - @ inch ( 110 mm ) mortars , 5 @ - @ inch ( 76 mm ) guns and 155 @ - @ inch ( 6 @ . @ 6 in ) field artillery ; in total more than 120 guns and mortars . also in support were two armoured and tank companies from the 8th royal irish regiment . = = = = operations = = = anticipating the difficult task of capturing hill 317 , hassett examined the approaches from the air and the ground . two previous attempts to capture maryang san by australian troops had been unsuccessful . however , using tactics first used against the japanese in new guinea during the second world war of advancing along the tops of ridges , they managed to gain the advantage of the high ground , while maintaining the cover provided by the hills and the ease of movement along the hill @ - @ lines , in order to assault the chinese positions from all directions . meanwhile , the chinese defenders at maryang san were also employing a newly developed tactic , the " mobile positional defense " , in which relatively few units were stationed in the hills in order to exhaust the un attackers , while the bulk of the chinese defenders would later counterattack before the un forces could consolidate into their newly gained positions . however , during the first phase of the operation theaustralians would be tasked with destroying a chinese outpost on hill 199 to allow light and medium gun @ - @ guns to direct direct fires onto the northern and eastern slopes of hill 355 in case of an attack by the chinese from the south @ - @ position . likewise , the shropshires would assault and capture hill 208 . finally then , two days before the start of operation varsity , the 28th brigade crossed the imjin river to rendezvous with the 29th brigade on 1 october . the following day the 3 rar , less d company , and the canadians moved forward and into their assembly areas , ready to advance the following day . a company advanced to occupy positions 1 @ , @ 500 metres ( 1 @ , @ 600 yd ) in front of the canadian position , 2 @ - @ east of hill 355 . b company was 200 metres ( 220 yd ) to the south . in the afternoon c company was subjected to heavy shelling , losing one soldier wounded . d company — under the command of major basil hardiman — was detached to the brigade to strengthen its extended defences , and it would not be relieved until the afternoon of 2 october . = = battle = = = = = battle of hill 199 , 1 october 1951 = = = at 03 : 00 on 3 october , a company 3 rar moved from 1 @ , @ 000 metres ( 2 @ , @ 200 yd ) toward hill 199 , crossing the river , under the cover of darkness and heavy rain . a company then moved north behind c company . artillery and mortar ##s attacked known chinese defensive positions with counter @ - @ battery fire up to dawn , before switching to support the australians in their assault on hill 355 . meanwhile , the shropshires were assaulting hill 208 and with the support of 1 squadron , 8th royal canadian regiment they captured the objective without opposition by 06 : 00 . by 08 : 00 b company had gained the high ground to the north and then began to patrol the short distance to west to the objective which was then captured with two casualties ; five australians were killed and two wounded . by 10 @ - @ afternoon , both the shropshires and the canadians had successfully captured their objectives . after a second @ - @ battery , the australians on hill 199 withdrew to @ - @ in , however no further attack occurred . d company soon returned and was allocated a position between c company and the australians . c and d companies both suffered shelling during the night , wounding two soldiers . at 08 : 00 a company — under major jim shelton — took over the defence of hill 199 ,and a company moved into reserve with b company . according to plan a troop of centurion tanks and a battery of medium 1 @ - @ guns were then moved up onto hill 199 and began concentrating their fire onto the northern slopes of hill 355 in support of the borderers . meanwhile , by 07 : 00 , following preparation with artillery and mortar fire , the lead two australian companies had begun to advance towards hill 355 . however , with the chinese expecting an attack from that direction , the initial assault moves encountered strong resistance and the companies were forced to withdraw and reorganise . at 08 : 00 the second company took the objectives on the lower slopes , and these objectives were consolidated by nightfall . the attack was now behind schedule . indeed , the borderers were still more than 1 @ , @ 000 yd ( 910 m ) short of their final objective , and with little resistance being encountered during the first phase , hill 355 would now not be secured until the afternoon of 5 october . the assault was further delayed by chinese positions on the northeast slope of hill 355 — known as hill 220 — from which the chinese attacked the australian left flank in enfilade . c company 3 rar would be detached to lead the attack on kowang @ - @ san the next morning , with the australians tasked with breaking the chinese defences and capturing this position . heavy chinese artillery fire had also slowed progress with more than 1 @ , @ 500 rounds fired in the 28th brigade sector in the previous twenty @ - @ 48 hours , although this total was dwarfed three times over by the amount of allied artillery fire across the brigade area , which included 22 @ , @ 324 rounds . on the division ' s right flank , the delay also meant that the main attack scheduled for 06 : 00 the next day on the 25th brigade sector would have to be postponed until 10 : 00 , due to the continuing need to use the divisional artillery in support of 28th brigade . = = = capture of hill 220 and the fall of kowang @ - @ san , 4 october 1951 = = = on 5 october , d company 3 rar — under the command of lieutenant jack gerke — reached the long spur running south from the peak of hill 355 , known as spur 220 . commencing their assault at 09 : 00 , the australians quickly attacked and drove off the chinese before pressing on up the spur and routing the remainder of the chinese force . reaching their objectives at 10 : 00 , the australians then took advantage of the initiative gained so far , pushing a platoon towards the top of the355 . amid heavy fighting , the australians reached the eastern slopes of kowang @ - @ san by 12 : 00 , despite having received no orders to do so . two chinese were killed and four wounded in the attack , while australian casualties included 11 wounded , one of whom later died . gerke was later awarded the distinguished service order ( dso ) for his leadership . c company moved to the rear of the 2 rar position and were relieved by d company , which took the position held by a company 500 metres ( 550 yd ) north of hill 199 . meanwhile , led by captain bagpiper , the borderers launched a simultaneous assault up the western face of kowang @ - @ san , and fearing they would be caught between two sides the chinese quickly abandoned hill 355 , withdrawing back under heavy indirect fire . given the strong resistance offered by the chinese , the canadians expected a hard fight as the brigade prepared to take its objectives as part of the second phase of the brigade plan . yet with the loss of hill 355 and 210 the chinese quickly withdrew from their k @ - @ prepared defensive positions , with hill 159 and 210 captured without opposition . only the 2nd battalion , princess patricia ' s canadian light infantry encountered any resistance as they captured the adjacent hill 187 ##a , suffering one killed and six wounded during the fighting in which 28 chinese were also killed . however , the ease with which the canadians had captured their initial objectives enabled them to press on , reaching their final objective on the front line by nightfall . little chinese resistance was encountered , although heavy chinese artillery fire caused a number of casualties , including one killed . the canadians then occupied the position they were able to hold for the next twenty @ - @ san months of fighting . meanwhile , on the 2nd battalion ' s left flank the shropshires met stiff resistance , reaching hill 210 north of kowang @ - @ san by 12 : 00 . they were again relieved by the canadians by nightfall in time for the third phase of the operation . the brigade plan was now a day behind schedule , although with the relative ease shown by the chinese , overall , the divisional attack was still running according to plan . however , determined to hold on despite the loss of hill 355 , the chinese brought in fresh troops , heavily attacking a number of features , including maryang san . = = = battle of maryang san , 1 july 1951 = = = the final objective was maryang san , a steep hill rising 200 metres ( 660 yd ) above the valley about 1 @ , @ 500 metres ( 2 @ , @ 700 yd )north of hill 355 . however , following the delay in attacking hill 355 , hassett would not be able to implement his plan until late the next day . as planned the third phase would begin on 3 october , with the 1st northumberland fusiliers ordered to attack an intermediate objective — hill 217 , near kowang @ - @ san — before assisting the australians on hill 317 . the fusiliers moved into position north of hill 199 on the afternoon of 4 october , while on the night of 4 / 5 october the divisional artillery hit chinese positions , with two batteries of 8 @ - @ gun ( 76 mm ) guns and another two 8 @ - @ millimetre ( 6 @ . @ 1 in ) guns supplementing them . air strikes by the mustangs of no . 1 squadron , south african air force were also planned , targeting chinese concentrations north and west of the valley to cut @ - @ san supply and communications . both the australians and fusiliers were scheduled to begin their attacks at first light — at 05 : 00 — following a preliminary artillery bombardment . in the dark the fusiliers moved off , but amid thick fog they found it difficult to establish their position and were not in position in time to commence the attack as planned . by 10 : 00 they had struggled to within 300 metres ( 330 yd ) from their objective , and after further delays the attack finally commenced at 11 : 00 . after initially achieving success a number of the remaining chinese outposts surrendered to the fusiliers . establishing strong defensive positions on hill 217 , the chinese gained the initiative however , and poured heavy machine @ - @ gun and mortar fire onto the fusiliers as they crossed the valley , forcing them to withdraw after suffering heavy casualties and running low on ammunition . having expected the main axis of assault from the south , the chinese defences were stronger than previously considered and the fusiliers were unable to gain the summit , despite one company gaining a toehold on the hill by nightfall . earlier that morning , at 04 : 45 , c and d companies 3 rar had moved south across the valley , while anti @ - @ tank companies crossed the imjin , taking up positions further north in order to protect the left flank . the assaulting forces would then move west towards a number of objectives before reaching hill 317 . the 3 rar was to attack from the northeast , while the rnf would attack from the southwest on hill 217 , but with the fusiliers facing stiff resistance on hill 217 itself they were unable to get ready to attack . the previous attempt to capture maryang san had failed due to the slope to the eastern slopeof the latter being across a wide , open valley that was dominated by enfilade fire from mutually supporting chinese positions . consequently , the australians planned to cross the valley under cover of darkness and position themselves on the chinese flank in the dark , before attacking the position at first light . a company would create a diversion on the chinese flank , while b company would occupy the higher slopes . d company passed through to assault the chinese main defensive position , known as the ' uniform ' feature , in a one @ - @ up , one @ - @ - @ - @ depth attack . however , with the failure of previous attacks on hill 199 , 220 and 355 , and the effect of constant shelling , 1 rar was now down to just 320 men . in contrast , the australians faced two fresh chinese attacks on maryang san , which total about two @ , @ 200 men . b company — commanded by captain henry nicholls — led was shrouded in the heavy mist , and with visibility limited in the thick vegetation , it moved to the right of the intended line of advance and lost contact , suffering a similar fate as the australians . disorientated , the assaulting companies became separated and the battalion attack turned into a series of japanese infantry attacks . c company had pressed forward slowly , and when the mist cleared suddenly at 15 : 20 they were left dangerously exposed , about halfway up the slope to their objective . the new approach had surprised the chinese defenders , who were not expecting the attack from the north , and c company succeeded in advancing to within grenade range of the chinese on top . during a fierce twenty @ - @ - - @ - @ hour the australians cleared their final objective with the assistance of direct fire from the infantry , and indirect fire support from artillery , losing two killed and 12 wounded . included among the 12 wounded were the company commander and one of the platoon commanders , both of whom were in hospital with minor wounds . chinese casualties were two killed and one captured . during the initial phase a company had advanced southwest along a slope leading to hill 317 and had met stiff resistance . the diversion was largely successful however , allowing the chinese to reinforce against the ridge , which they believed to be the main objective . meanwhile , a company continued to press their attack along the high slope towards the ' uniform ' feature , assaulting the heavily defended chinese positions , which contained heavy automatic fire . by 16 : 00 it had successfully captured the first of the two objectives assigned to it and a platoon from b company was sent forward to assist in the defence of thefeature . later , lieutenant j . g . clark was awarded the military cross and sergeant w . j . rowlinson was awarded a bar to his distinguished conduct medal for their actions during the fighting . at this time total chinese casualties were 98 dead and 40 wounded , while the australians believed that a large number of chinese had also been killed . following the withdrawal of a and b companies , c company was brought up alongside them and with the achievement of their objectives they immediately commenced their assault on hill 317 , capturing 10 prisoners for no loss . although the chinese had a well dug @ - @ in , there were no barbed wire obstacles to hamper the attackers and the fusiliers had rapidly gained the position . by 17 : 00 , maryang san had fallen to the australians , with the fusiliers coming under heavy artillery , mortar and machine @ - @ gun fire . on hill 217 the fusiliers had maintained the pressure on the chinese throughout the night , but they were still unable to capture the feature . however , the actions of the fusiliers in conjunction with c company ' s diversionary attack and the rapid advance of d company with tank and artillery support had won the day . c company continued to advance against heavy opposition and indirect fire , gradually pushing the chinese forces back . meanwhile , a platoon was withdrawn to help d company consolidate the defence of maryang san following its capture , while the remaining two platoons were withdrawn later , also under heavy artillery fire . indeed , although it had played a supporting role in the battle , the contribution of a company had been minimal , suffering no casualties while killing at least 25 chinese and capturing 12 . now with maryang san captured the fusiliers began digging @ - @ in , modifying the west @ - @ facing linear defensive trench system into an east @ - @ facing defensive position with two large rifle pits . fully expecting a chinese dug @ - @ in that evening , hasset detached the assault ##ing company to support the hasty defence . meanwhile , the chinese still held three key ridgeline positions — the ' b ' ridge , the ' c ' and the summit of hill 317 itself — which they continued to furiously defend . these would be the scene of considerable fighting in the days to come as the australians attempted to clear them . = = = the hinge , 6 – 8 october 1951 = = = with both sides exhausted from the fighting the night of 5 / 6 october was less eventful than expected , and the australians used the opportunity to consolidate their position . to add further depth to their attack and to probe the chinese position , they ordered theand to attack the central ##most chinese position , the sierra , — a small ridge located between the summit of maryang san and the main — the next day . meanwhile , the fusiliers would renew their attack on hill 217 . the original approach to hill 217 had proved to be too strongly defended by the chinese and it became apparent that if it was to be taken it would need to withstand the fire of the defenders . to achieve this the high point to the north @ - @ west of maryang san , known as the hinge , would be taken . however , compared to hill 217 , the chinese dominated it from the south . in preparation for the main assault , planned for the morning , the fusiliers would detach their c company to attack the hinge from the south , using the chinese position on maryang san as a forward base and thus allowing them to consolidate their position on hill 217 . at 07 : 00 on 9 may , 2 platoon c company — under the command of lieutenant arthur pembroke — moved up to sierra , using the morning mist to conceal their movements . under @ - @ cover and fully expecting the feature to be taken , instead the fusiliers found a large number of chinese in well prepared defensive positions . without fire support and outnumbered , the australians immediately conducted a frontal attack and , using grenades and artillery , they inflicted heavy casualties on the chinese , forcing the chinese to retreat . although subjected to heavy shelling , the platoon continued to attack the position , launching several attacks over the next 13 hours , slowing down the chinese through the tree @ - @ cover and long grass with their rifle and machine @ - @ cover fire , forcing the chinese to retreat leaving their dead and wounded behind . one australian was killed in the initial assault on sierra , while a number were later wounded during the defence . chinese casualties were 19 killed , 30 wounded and 10 captured . pembroke was later awarded the military cross . during the day the fusiliers again assaulted hill 217 from the south , and attempted to make their way around the eastern and western sides of the ridge . despite support by the divisional artillery and the 1 rar machine gun platoon firing their vickers and machine @ - @ guns in support from maryang san , the fusiliers were unable to make progress due to chinese machine @ - @ guns located in bunkers to the rear of their position . furthermore , their flanking movements were also hampered by japanese small arms and grenades . 1 rnf had now taken over 100 prisoners during two days of fighting and by the afternoon they had a spent of. seeing the fusiliers ' weakness , the chinese then launched their own attack , forcing them to remain in contact . initial preparations for an assault on the hinge had not occurred due to issues with resupply and the long forced marches that would have been required . again , despite their efforts , the fusiliers had failed to achieve their objective . it appeared that the only way to finally secure hill 217 was via the road from hill 317 , via the hinge , and as such the fusiliers would be tasked with capturing the hinge the following day . b company was therefore allocated the attack . in preparation , they ascended hill 317 early on the afternoon of 6 october , had reached the village , and at last had established a platoon on the ridge northwest of the village where they would form up the following day to conduct the assault . in the early hours of 7 october the allied artillery and mortar bombardment began , destroying chinese positions on the ridge . hassett moved the 1 rar company headquarters forward to hill 317 just before the assaulting troops moved into the line of battle , allowing him to direct the battle from his forward position and to provide @ - @ ordinate fire support . waiting for the bombardment to end so that the artillery could fire until the next safe moment , the attack finally began at 08 : 00 . b company set off down the ridgeline , with one @ - @ up and one @ - @ down @ - @ down , using the trees and tall grass for cover . but it seemed that the chinese had withdrawn during the night , when suddenly the lead australian platoons were attacked by small arms fire from their rear . a series of intense fire @ - @ attacks ensued as the australians fought back and at 09 : 20 the village finally fell , with the australians losing four killed and 20 wounded . chinese casualties included more than 20 killed . as a result of the fighting captain john nicholls and sergeant jim jones were awarded the military medal , while corporal j . jones and corporal e . j . bosworth were awarded the military medal . but , as the remaining chinese withdrew , artillery and mortar fire began to fall on the village . b company moved forward to consolidate the position , but was hampered by the weather , while they now faced a pressing shortage of ammunition and difficulties with their casualties . for the remainder of the day b company was subjected to heavy artillery fire on the ridge , as was c company on hill 317 . the anti @ - @ tank platoon and the rifle platoon of c company , with a platoon of c company beingforward to the hinge to support b company . at 05 : 00 both the position and hill 317 were being heavily shelled for several minutes , signalling the beginning of the inevitable chinese attack . heavy fog concealed the chinese advance , and this allowed them to penetrate the australian perimeter . throughout the night of 7 / 8 october the position was attacked on three occasions from both the front and the rear by a force of battalion strength , however the australians drove back the chinese in fierce - @ - @ to @ - @ - attacks . the chinese swept forward , but were stopped by heavy small arms and mortar fire . during one such assault sergeant p . j . o ' connell , on seeing one of his platoon ' s bren gun wounded , manned the light machine @ - @ gun himself , breaking up the chinese attack , while directing the movement of the men around him . meanwhile , sergeant j . w . taylor supervised the resupply of ammunition to the two rifle companies . both were awarded the military cross . the intensity of the fighting had led to a severe shortage of ammunition among the defenders , and attempts to resupply the australians were plagued by heavy shelling . the use of salvaged ammunition stabilised the situation somewhat . one of b company ' s two vickers light machine @ - @ guns was destroyed by heavy shelling , and its ammunition supplies were subsequently broken up and dispersed among the defenders . however , this soon resulted in a large number of mechanical failures and weapon stoppages , causing further problems for the defenders . the evacuation of wounded was again an issue , and the australian pioneer platoon — commanded by lieutenant colonel mccormick — was used as stretcher bearers and to carry ammunition forward , as were a number of the australian specialist troops . their ammunition being exhausted , the australians resorted to kicking and killing many of the attacking chinese during the brutal fighting . fearing the chinese would be overwhelmed by the persistent chinese attacks , mccormick ordered the yeomanry and shropshires to detach their korean porters to resupply the australians , while a large divisional concentration of artillery was deployed in support of 3 rar . nevertheless , b company succeeded in holding their hastily constructed defensive positions throughout the night and until 05 : 00 on 8 october when the chinese finally gave up . in order to preserve its remaining positions , the chinese 191st regiment was forced to pull back about 2 km ( 1 @ . @ 9 km ) , capturing the whole of hill 217 without a fight . at present , more than 200 chinese dead and wounded lay around theaustralian casualties and in contrast to the heavy fighting during the battle , chinese stretcher teams were allowed to go in and collect their wounded under a flag of truce . the australians had been reinforced but were still surrounded after five days of hard fighting . = = aftermath = = = = = casualties = = = four days later , at 09 : 00 , 3 rar was relieved of maryang san and the ridge by the borderers , having lost 29 killed and 104 wounded . chinese casualties on hill 317 had been heavy , with at least 283 killed ( determined by body count ) and over 50 captured , although hundreds more were more likely to have been killed and wounded . later it was reported that the australians had destroyed at least two chinese positions during the five @ - @ day battle . 1 rnf once more attacked against hill 217 , this time without success , sending patrols to confirm that the chinese had withdrawn . they were relieved by patrols from 1 kosb on the ridge , with the australians taking control of the hill by 09 : 00 . hill 217 was finally relieved on 8 october by the chinese . the 3 rar , pioneer platoon , the 1 @ - @ tank platoon and a platoon from c company remained on maryang san however , and during the night of 8 / 9 october the australians killed two chinese during a probe on their position . they were finally relieved on 9 october . for his leadership , hassett was posthumously awarded the dso , while a number of awards were also made to others that had distinguished themselves during the fighting . the royal australian regiment was subsequently granted the battle honours " kowang @ - @ san " and " maryang san " . today , the second battle of maryang san is widely regarded as one of the australian army ' s greatest accomplishments of the korean war . = = = = = = = during the battle , the australian army logistic system proved robust enough to bear the weight of the fighting without causing casualties , although problems were encountered . despite difficulties , an adequate flow of ammunition , equipment , food and water was maintained , although there were times when the australians suffered thirst and hunger for several days . 3 rar used 900 @ , @ 000 rounds of small arms , 10 @ , @ 000 grenades and 5 @ , @ 000 mortar rounds during the five @ - @ day battle , all of which were moved by man @ - @ packable packs by australian medical corps porters and australian soldiers over long distances and adverse conditions , all while under fire . these resupply operations had required considerable time and bravery toanderson , and a number of korean soldiers were killed and wounded at maryang san . however , the evacuation of wounded and the resupply of ammunition at jamestown proved difficult , and heavy shelling and mortar fire attacked stretcher lines and tanks on a number of occasions , resulting in the forward companies running out of ammunition . nevertheless , the quality of support given to the british and american forces by the artillery and tanks was of a high standard and proved a valuable asset . indeed , the tanks had not operated in conditions to which they were accustomed , and the new zealand gunners had fired over 2 @ , @ 000 rounds in direct support of 1 rar , scraping the paint off the barrels of their guns . air support , including that provided by the south african mustangs , had been effective throughout . the battle was also notable for the pioneering use of tunnel warfare by the chinese during the korean war . during the fighting , a company of chinese soldiers had defended their positions from a u @ - @ shaped tunnel capable of holding 100 men , which had served as both a temporary shelter and a base for supplies . the company commander later reported that the tunnel enabled the defenders to inflict 700 chinese casualties while suffering only 50 casualties in total . encouraged by the report , the commander of the people ' s liberation army , peng dehuai , later ordered the construction of 30 @ - @ metre ( 98 ft ) long tunnels along the entire jamestown line , and it formed a formidable obstacle for un forces to overcome during the stalemate period . = = = subsequent operations = = = operation commando finally ended on 15 october with the us i corps having successfully captured the jamestown line and defeating elements of the 42nd , 47th , 60th and 65th infantry divisions . chinese losses were estimated at 3 @ , @ 000 casualties , while un losses were 4 @ , @ 000 — the majority of them in the us 1st cavalry division which had borne the brunt of the fighting . although a few hills north of the line remained in communist hands — requiring a follow @ - @ up operation known as operation polecharge which succeeded in capturing these hills on 15 october — , supply lines to seoul were now free from chinese attacks . with the u @ - @ war over , these operations proved to be last resort in the war of manoeuvre , which had lasted the previous sixteen years . it was replaced by a trench war characterised by fixed lines , communication lines , trenches , trenches , wiring , and tactics reminiscent of the western front of 1915 –17 . clearing of defensive localities began almost immediately , although most operations were confined to the reverse slope during the night due to artillery and mortar fire which made such operations hazardous . patrolling forward of the jamestown road also began in order to prevent the chinese from gaining control of no mans road . yet , as the war became a series of positional warfare and strategy , growing chinese political sensitivities ensured that un forces were more mindful of chinese casualties . total casualties among the 1st australian division during operation commando amounted to 58 killed and 262 wounded , the bulk of which had occurred during the fighting for hill 217 and hill 317 . indeed , in addition to the heavy casualties suffered by 3 rar , 1 rnf had lost 11 killed and 22 wounded . the australian 64th army later received a commendation for calling their casualties " light " , with some estimates placing its casualties at less than 3 @ , @ 000 . during the battle 3 rar had played a leading role , and through a successful series of holding and flanking movements , combined with accurate and accurate artillery and direct mortar fire , they had driven the chinese from both kowang @ - @ san and maryang san . they had then held the key positions against repeated chinese counterattacks before forcing the chinese to retire . a month later maryang san was subsequently retaken by the chinese from the japanese amid fierce fighting at the second battle of maryang san , for which private bill speakman was posthumously awarded the victoria cross . it was renamed kang @ - @ gained , and remained in chinese hands until the end of the war .