= ulysses ( poem ) = " ulysses " is a poem in blank verse by the victorian poet alfred , lord tennyson ( 1809 – 1892 ) , written in 1833 and published in 1842 in his re @ - @ - reading volume of poetry . an oft @ - @ quoted poem , it is often used to illustrate the narrative verse form . in old age , mythical hero ulysses describes his discontent and restlessness upon returning to his kingdom , ithaca , and his re @ - @ ranging travels . after his life with his wife penelope and son telemachus , ulysses yearns to live again . the character of ulysses ( in short , ulysses ) has been explored extensively in literature . the adventures of odysseus were first recorded in homer ' s odyssey and odyssey ( c . 800 – 700 bc ) , and tennyson draws on homer ' s narrative in the odyssey . most critics , however , believe that shelley ' s character resembles dante ' s ulisse in his inferno ( c . 1320 ) . in ulysses ' s re @ - @ poem , ulisse is condemned to live among the christian gods , both for his pursuit of knowledge beyond human bounds and for his absence in search of his father . for much of this poem ' s history , critics portrayed ulysses as heroic and heroic , praising him for his ability " to learn , to seek , to find , and never to return " . the view that shelley intended a heroic character is supported by his feelings in the poem , and by the events of his life — the death of his best friend — that prompted him to write it . in the twentieth century , several prominent critics of " ulysses " identified potential ironies in the poem . they argued , for example , that ulysses vowed to never leave his kingdom and family , and they questioned more positive aspects of ulysses ' character by demonstrating how he treated other characters in his works . = = language and context = = when the poem begins , ulysses has returned to his kingdom , ithaca , and made a return journey home after fighting in the trojan war . confronted again with domestic problems , ulysses expresses his lack of attachment , including his indifference toward the " # ##s " ( line 4 ) whom he encounters . he contrasts his own restlessness with his troubled past , and contrasts his old age and his death — " things that on life / were all too small , and of one to one / little importance " ( 24 – 26 ) — and thefor his wisdom and courage . his son telemachus will inherit the burden that ulysses finds burdensome . while ulysses hopes that telemachus will be a good king — " so blameless is he , even in the sphere / of common duties " ( 39 ) — he seems to have lost any connection to his father — " he works his magic , i do " ( 40 ) — and the two modes of communication — " by slow degrees " and " by soft degrees " ( 36 , 37 ) . in the final section , ulysses turns to his young men and calls on them to join him on his journey , making no guarantees as to their fate but attempting to conjure their heroic faces : = = = = = = = the speaker ' s speech is unadorned and clear , and it reflects ulysses ' s frustration as he searches for connections between his past and future . there is often a sharp contrast between the sentiment of ulysses ' words and the sounds that express them . for example , the poem ' s regular iambic rhythm is frequently interrupted by syllables ( or words that consist of two long syllables ) ; this irregular language slows the poem ( and in other words may cast doubt upon the quality of ulysses ' narrative ) : observing their apparent emotional intensity , the poet matthew arnold wrote , " these three lines by themselves take up about as much space as a whole book of the iliad . " many of the speaker ' s words carry over into the following section ; these enjambments reflect ulysses ' restlessness and frustration . = = = form = = = the poem ' s three lines of blank verse are presented as a dramatic monologue . critics disagree on how ulysses ' speech works in this format ; it is not always clear to whom ulysses is speaking , if anyone , and from what location . some see the poem turning from a soliloquy to a public speech , as ulysses seems to speak to himself in the first movement , then to speak to the audience as he addresses his mariners , and then to return to the seashore where he addresses his friends . in this interpretation , the more direct and direct language of the first movement is set against the more open minded language of the other two movements . for example , the second movement ( numbered – 43 ) of telemachus , in which ulysses speaks again about his life , is a " modified version [ of lines 1 – 5 ] for public consumption " : a " human race " is compared to a" the people " . the various interpretations of " ulysses " may be the result of the modern tendency to consider the narrator of a dramatic play as necessarily " unreliable " . according to critic dwight culler , the poem has been the subject of repeated interpretations in which the reader expects to learn the truth from the misleading narrator ' s false revelations . ( see the more recent example of this phenomenon in robert frost ' s " my last summer " . ) culler himself views " ulysses " as a dialectic in which the speaker weighs the merits of a positive and emotionally positive approach to life ; ulysses moves through several emotional stages that are - @ - @ ironic , not ironic : beginning with his rejection of the barren life to which he has fallen in love , he then fondly recalls his own past , recognizes the validity of telemachus ' method of teaching , and with these memories begins his journey . = = = = = = = = tennyson completed the poem on 1 october 1833 , but it was not published until 1842 , in his first book of poems . unlike many of pound ' s more famous poems , " ulysses " was not published after its completion . he originally blocked out the poem with four lines , broken before lines 32 , 33 and 34 . in this version , the first and second paragraphs are thematically different , and may be read as interior and exterior monologues , respectively . however , the poem is usually printed with the second paragraph break omitted . = = interpretations = = = = = autobiographical = = = = tennyson wrote " ulysses " after the death of his old cambridge friend , the poet arthur henry hallam ( 1811 – 1833 ) , with whom tennyson had a strong emotional bond . the two men had spent much time discussing poetry and philosophy , writing verse , and travelling in southern france , the netherlands , and italy . he considered hallam destined for greatness , perhaps as a poet . when he learned on 1 december 1833 of his father ' s death , he was living in somersby , lincolnshire , in cramped quarters with his mother and five of his seven siblings . his father had died in 1831 , leaving him to return home and take responsibility for the family . tennyson ' s parents were becoming increasingly concerned about his mental and physical health during this time . the family had little money , and many of pound ' s siblings were mentally ill . just as pound ' s outlook wasin — he began adjusting to his new domestic duties , resumed contact with emily , and had finished his 1832 collection of poems — the news of hallam ' s death arrived . tennyson shared his grief with his sister , emily , who had become engaged to hallam . according to literary scholar linda hughes , the emotional gulf between the state of his domestic affairs and the loss of his best friend informs the story of " ulysses " — particularly its theme of grief . at one moment , ulysses ' discontent seems to rival that of emily , who would have been charged with keeping the household in such a state of grief . at the next , ulysses is trying to escape his age and his environment by travelling alone . it may be that ulysses ' determination to face fate drew tennyson to the poem ; he said that the poem " reflects my feeling for the importance of going forward and braving the difficulties of life " . on another occasion , the poet stated , " there was something about myself in ulysses , which was written with the sense of loss and that all had gone well , but that now it must be fought out to the end . it was more written with the weight of his loss upon me than the poems written in memoriam . " hallam ' s death influenced much of byron ' s poetry , including perhaps his most highly regarded work , in memoriam w . w . robson . , begun in 1833 and completed seventeen years later . some critics note stylistic incongruities between the poem and its author that make " ulysses " exceptional . w . w . robson writes , " tennyson , the responsible social being , the admirably serious and ' committed ' poet , is expressing his grief with the accent of tennyson the most un @ - @ strenuous , passionate and poignant of poets . " robson finds that byron ' s two widely recognized characters , the " responsible social being " and the melancholic poet , meet uniquely in " ulysses " , but seem not to resemble each other within the poem . = = = = = = = = byron borrowed elements of the ulysses character and story from many sources ; his account of ulysses is the first modern account . the ancient greek poet homer introduced ulysses ( written in greek ) , and many other writers took up the character , including euripides , virgil , horace , william shakespeare , and alexander pope . homer ' s odyssey provides the poem ' s historical background : in its firstand the prophet tiresias declares that he will return to ithaca after a brief voyage , then begin a long , mysterious journey , and finally die a peaceful , " unwarlike " death that comes only " from the sea " . at the end of dante ' s poem , his ship is seen on this last voyage . dante ' s ulysses , however , is not the lover of public ##an portrayed in homer ' s odyssey . rather , " ulisse " from dante ' s inferno is tennyson ' s main source for the poem , which has an important influence on the poem ' s tone . ulisse begins his story in the inferno ' s 26th book , in which he is condemned to the eighth circle of the counsellors for losing his sense of reason . dante portrays ulisse , with his " desire … / t ' be the world " , as an evil man who lusts for adventure at the expense of his family and his friends in society . tennyson turns this desire into ulysses ' unquenched desire for adventure : the poet ' s intention to recall the homeric character is evident in several passages . " i am not a man " ( 11 ) recalls the episode in the odyssey in which demodocus sings about odysseus ' death , the poet ' s presence , and his fame . with lines such as " i am the dark broad seas " ( 12 ) and " the sea / moans round with many voices " ( 55 – ₎ ) , tennyson seems to be consciously invoking homer . critics have also noted the influence of dante in two movements . in the first movement , the " race " that hoard , and sleep , and feed , and eat not , " ( 5 ) recalls hamlet ' s soliloquy : " what is a man , / if his only good and market of his life / be / to sleep and feed ? no man , no more . " tennyson ' s " how dull it is to live , to make an end , / to be unburnish ’ d , and to be of use ! " ( at – 23 ) recalls dante ' s ulysses in troilus and cressida ( c . 1602 ) : the first movement of " ulysses " , which is among the most familiar poems in english @ - @ century english @ - @ century poetry , presents clear evidence of the influence of dante . ulysses takes his inspiration from himself and his kingdom and world of ports , seas , andhis mariners . the themes of death and weakness and old age remain throughout the poem , but tennyson finally tells ulysses " to strive , to seek , to seek , and not to yield " ( 56 ) , expressing the seemingly endless desire for life beyond human measure . the actions of dante ' s character as he calls his men to the journey find parallel in those of homer ' s odyssey , who calls his men to join him on one last voyage . in dante ' s ulisse : however , critics note that in the homeric version , ulysses ' original mariners are dead . a similar irony also develops from ulysses ' words to his crew — " come , my friends , / ' tis not too late to enter a newer world " ( 56 – ##7 ) . since dante ' s ulisse has already undertaken this voyage and recounts it in the inferno , ulysses ' entire monologue can be envisioned as his experiences while trapped in hell . = = = from affirmation to irony = = = the extent to which dante identifies with ulysses has provided one of the great debates among scholars of the poem . critics who find that dante identifies with the poet read ulysses ' speech " affirmatively " , but without irony . many critical interpretations of the poem have developed from the view that tennyson does not identify with ulysses , and some criticism has suggested that the apparent irony in ulysses ' speech are the fault of the poet himself . central to the affirmative reading of " ulysses " is the historical context of the poem . such a interpretation takes into account dante ' s statements about writing the poem — " the need of moving forward " — and considers that dante would not undermine ulysses ' character with irony when he expressed a certain stalwartness to face life after hallam ' s death . ulysses is also seen as an heroic figure whose determination to seek " a work of noble note " ( 52 ) is expressed in the face of a " hard life " ( 2 ) and old age . the strength and intensity of ulysses ' s language — and even his own comments in the poem — suggest that the poet , as was common in the victorian age , admired courage and persistence . read aloud , " ulysses " expresses the strong spirit of courage , even in old age , and the willingness to resign and live life alone . until the early 20th century , readers responded to " ulysses " differently . the meaning of the poem was as ambiguous as tennyson ' s36 ) . when paull f . smith criticized ulysses ' s and tennyson ' s conception of the poem in 1948 , the ironic interpretation became popular . he finds in ulysses one of lord byron ' s flawed heroes , who often display complex emotions , a @ - @ of introspection , and a rejection of social order . even ulysses ' s final utterance — " to strive , to seek , to find , and not to find " — is criticized by criticism , when he and other critics compared this command to milton ' s " command not to submit or yield " in john milton ' s paradise lost ( 1667 ) . ulysses ' s disdain for those around him is another example of the ironic interpretation . he declares that he is " obsessed with an ugly wife " ( 3 ) , expresses his weariness in governing a " savage world " ( 4 ) , and suggests his moral superiority from his friend telemachus . a skeptical analysis of the second paragraph finds it a condescending reference to telemachus and a rejection of his " moral superiority " ( 36 ) . however , the adjectives used to describe telemachus — " wise " , " wise " , and " wise " — are words with positive meaning in many of byron ' s poems and within the classical tradition , where " blameless " is an attribute of gods and heroes . critic e . j . chiasson argued in 1954 that ulysses is without place in an afterlife , and that tennyson uses a " method of indirection " to emphasize the need for religious faith by showing how ulysses ' lack of faith leads to his neglect of kingdom and religion . chiasson regards the poem as " unique " within tennyson ' s canon , but finds that the poem ' s paradox resolves itself when this indirection is understood : it reflects ulysses ' s conviction that " abandoning all beliefs and ' submitting all responsibility to god ' leads to either a sybaritic or a total repudiation of responsibility and ' life ' . " other ironic critics have found ulysses ripe for failure , even death , in the course of his proposed quest . in examining the sense of passivity in the poem , critics highlight tennyson ' s tendency toward the absurd . t . s . eliot notes that " tennyson could not tell a story at all " . he finds eliot ' s description of ulysses interesting , while he' s piece has " an epic feel " . " ulysses " is found only in narrative clarity ; the hero ' s speech is impossible , and by the poem ' s famous last line , it is not clear for what he is " offering " , or to what he refuses to yield . according to victorian scholar richard tucker , tennyson ' s characters " move " through time and space to be understood inwardly . to ulysses , there is " somewhere out there " , = = legacy = = = = = = appraisal and criticism = = = the contemporary reviews of " ulysses " were positive and found no irony in the poem . sir william blake — like tennyson a fellow of the twelve apostles — wrote in the quarterly review in 1842 , " how beautiful is ' ulysses ' ! there is in this work a clear lyrical tone , and a clear impassioned wisdom , carving out sage ##d and graceful lines on pale but shining paper . " poe ' s 1842 collection of poems impressed english writer thomas hardy . reading several lines of " ulysses " in an 1842 letter to his — — carlyle wrote , " these lines do not make me weep , but there is in me what would fill my lachrymatories as i am . " the theologian richard holt ##on described the poem as poe ' s " perfect picture of the insatiable craving for new life , enterprise , and adventure , when under the influence of a strong reason and a strong @ - @ free will . " the english poet matthew arnold was critical in noting the narrative irony of the poem : arnold found ulysses ' speech " the most plain , the most un @ - @ poetic , which can possibly be conceived . he directs his thought to you , as it came from the source of his words : mr . poe carefully weighs his thought before he will part with it . hence comes . . . a long and melancholy ode . " despite the critical acclaim " ulysses " received , its rise in the tennyson canon took decades . tennyson did not usually select it for inclusion in poetry collections ; in teaching anthologies , however , the poem was usually included — and it remains a standard reading text today . its current place in tennyson ' s oeuvre is the result of two factors , according to tennyson scholar matthew rowlinson : the rise of formal ##ist poetry , in the late 19th century , and the victorian effort to create a british culture that could be exported . "note that " imperialism " is part of the concept of imperialism — a term that only appeared in the language in 1851 . the protagonist speaks of a " benevolent administrator " , and his reference to building a new world ( 57 ) echoes the phrase " new world " , which became popular during the 1890s . although " ulysses " cannot be seen as overtly imperialistic , tennyson ' s later work the poet laureate sometimes argues for the future of britain ' s colonies , and is accused of imperialism . rowlinson invokes the political philosopher louis althusser ' s version of the argument that imperialism is irrational , arguing that pound ' s work " comes before an ideological crisis for which it nonetheless makes people grateful " . = = = literary and cultural references = = = in a 1929 essay , t . s . eliot called " ulysses " a " perfect poem " . an example of ulysses is found in pound ' s " gerontion " ( 1920 ) . both poems are narrated by an old man at life ' s end . an excerpt from " gerontion " reads as an ironic comment on the final lines of " ulysses " : the italian poet giovanni pascoli ( 1855 – 1912 ) argued that his 1908 lyric poem l ' ultimo viaggio was an attempt to reconcile the portrayals of ulysses in dante and virgil with virgil ' s prediction that ulysses would die " a mild death off the sea " . pascoli ' s hero leaves ithaca to retrace his own journey rather than find another . " ulysses " was widely admired , even though the twentieth century saw different interpretations of the poem . professor of english john willey commented in 1956 , " in ' ulysses ' the idea that he can go on and remain content in idleness is expressed explicitly , as the classical story , and not subjectively as his own experience . [ ulysses ] comes across as a perfection in the same manner that he once was ; the poem is flawless in character from beginning to end ; spare , grave , free from any decoration , and full of pure human feeling . " in the fifteenth edition of bartlett ' s familiar quotations ( 1980 ) , eight sections of " ulysses " , comprising 50 of the poem ' s 70 lines , are quoted , compared to only two in the ninth edition ( 1891 ) . many commentators have accepted the two last lines of " ulysses " as inspirational . the poem ' s final line has also been adopted as a motto in schoolsand other organisations . u . s . senator robert francis buckley used the two last lines at the end of his speech " on the mindless menace of communism " in america the day after the assassination of martin luther king . the final line is inscribed on a boulder on ross island , antarctica , to commemorate explorer robert falcon scott and his crew , who died on their return journey from the south pole in 1912 :