= general aviation in the united states = general aviation in the united kingdom has been defined as a private aircraft operation rather than a commercial air transport flight according to a schedule or legal doctrine . although the international civil aviation organization ( icao ) excludes any type of civil aircraft from its definition , some commercial operations are often included within the scope of general aviation ( ga ) in the definition . the category includes business jets , rotorcraft , piston and jet @ - @ engined fixed @ - @ wing aircraft , helicopters of all types , and other than air aircraft . public aviation operations include business ( or corporate ) aviation and air taxi operations , and account for nearly half of the total income generated by the sector . other important ga activities include aerial work , such as surveying and aerial mapping , and pilot training , which plays an important role in the recruitment of pilots to the commercial air transport ( cat ) industry . general aviation is mainly for personal use and recreation . it includes a large vintage aircraft collection , and includes a variety of air sports , such as racing , aerobatics , and gliding , at which british companies and individuals have competed in international competition . of the 21 @ , @ 000 civil aircraft operating in the uk , 96 per cent are engaged in ga operations , and collectively the ga fleet accounts for between 1 @ . @ 100 and 1 @ . @ 35 million hours flown . the second most common class of aircraft is the fixed @ - @ wing light aircraft associated with traditional aviation , but the main source of growth over the last 20 years has been in the use of more affordable aircraft , such as microlights , amateur built aeroplanes , and light helicopters . there are 19 @ , @ 000 private pilot licence holders , and 19 @ , @ 000 licensed commercial pilots . most of the 19 @ , @ 000 pilots who hold these licences are also engaged in ga activities . although ga operates from more than 20 @ , @ 800 aerodromes and landing strips , ranging in size from large regional airports to farm strips , over 90 per cent of ga activity is undertaken at 134 of the larger aerodromes . the ga fleet , which is over 50 per cent the size of its cat cousin , employs 12 @ , @ 000 people , and contributes £ 1 @ . @ 1 billion to the uk economy . ga is regulated by the civil aviation authority ( caa ) , although its powers are being gradually transferred to the european aviation safety agency ( easa ) . the main focus is on standards of safety and pilot training , and the objective is topromote higher standards of safety . at the lighter end of the ga spectrum , more authority is devolved to representative bodies , and ga is in transition from a non @ - @ governing body to more formal governance under easa . airspace regulation necessary to protect the increasing number of cat operators has reduced the area in which ga operations can be freely conducted . the growth of ga is also making access to larger airports more difficult for the ga market , and making airports more vulnerable to closure and non @ - @ conversion for more profitable uses . the uk planning process has no aim to address the national significance of ga public transport operations , and generally does not encourage the development of new airports catering to the ga market . the planning process has become a tool for addressing local self @ - @ related safety issues which , particularly regarding aviation , are the main subjects of public attention directed at ga . = = definitions = = the international civil aviation organization ( icao ) defines general aviation ( ga ) as " an aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport operation or an aerial work operation . " it defines commercial air transport ( cat ) as " an aircraft operation involving the transport of passengers , cargo or mail for remuneration or hire " , and aerial work as " an aircraft operation in which an aircraft is used for other services such as transport , trade , photography , surveying , observation and patrol , search and rescue , aerial advertisement , etc . " organisations in the united kingdom ( uk ) describe ga in more specific terms that include elements of commercial aviation . the british transport and general aviation association interprets ga to mean " all jet and helicopter operations except that performed by the commercial airlines and the special airlines " . the general aviation awareness group uses the term " all general aviation operations other than scheduled air transport and non @ - @ scheduled air transport operations for profit or hire " . for the purpose of a uniform definition of ga in the uk , the civil aviation authority ( caa ) defined the scope of ga as " any civil aircraft operation other than a commercial air transport operation operating to a purpose " , and considered it necessary to depart from the icao definition and include aerial work and minor flying operations . = = = = = the first aerodrome in the uk was established by the aero club at muswell hill on the isle of sheppey , and in july 1909 it was the venue of the first flight conducted in the country by a private pilot , john moore @ - @ brabazon . in 1910 the aero club was granted the royal charter , took responsibility for theall private airfields in the uk , and started issuing the first private flying licences . the introduction of the de havilland dh . 60 moth in 1925 revolutionised light aviation , and the royal aero club , realising the " urgent need of practical civil flying " , formed the light aeroplane club scheme . between 1925 and 1939 around 100 flying clubs were formed , and more than 1 @ , @ 000 pilots were trained . during world war ii many aerodromes were taken over for military use , and civilian airfields were closed , and new ones were built . this resulted in a significant inventory of facilities becoming available after the war . pre @ - @ war military airfields , for example sywell , were returned to civilian use . some military airfields were closed , and in some cases , for example beccles , were re @ - @ used as civilian airfields . the ministry of civil aviation was created to regulate all civil aviation in the uk , and this regulation was the basis of ga , until the establishment of the current caa in 1972 . with an expanded role in place , ga became mainstream after the war when manufacturers such as cessna and piper produced light aircraft intended for the civilian market . the cessna 172 , and from the late 1940s cessna 172 , was introduced in 1956 , and became the world ' s best selling single @ - @ engine aeroplane . small piston @ - @ engine aircraft are still the most common type of aircraft in the uk air fleet . the development of the rogallo wing in the 1960s fostered the development of mass @ - @ aircraft during the 1960s and 1970s . the 1960s also saw experiments with powered hang gliders , but it was not until the 1970s that this range of technologies began to mature , resulting in the birth of the microlight industry . a milestone in the history of aviation was the 1964 introduction of the learjet ii . although it was not the first business jet , it popularised private aviation , and established the personal jet as a " whole new class of aircraft " . = = activities = = the private sector includes a range of aircraft , including balloons and helicopters , gliders , hang gliding , paragliders , microlights , gyrocopters , helicopters , amateur built and mass @ - @ engine light aircraft , mass @ - @ military jets , and business jets . these can be broadly classified as air transport , aerial photography , and private flying , the latter two of which are commercial activities . = = = commercial operations = = = commercial operations are those activities whichfalls within the broad definition of ga . some are , however , closely related to , and are part of , the ga sector . air transport operations are on @ - @ scheduled , on @ - @ demand services operating between points designated by the government , providing a more convenient service than air ambulance . air ambulance operations offer transport services for third parties , and business or corporate aviation uses company @ - @ owned aircraft to transport employees and clients . aircraft used in these operations include business jets , helicopters , and twin - @ - @ engine aeroplanes carrying between six and eight passengers . an example of this type of activity is the transport by helicopter of competitors to the british formula one grand prix at silverstone . this involves so many flights that , according to cranfield flying services , on race day the heliport is considered the world ' s busiest airport . public transport is a small but significant component of the traditional ga sector , characterised in its simplest sense as including non @ - @ transport activities , such as surveying , crop spraying , and emergency services , ( air ambulance and rescue ) . = = = flying schools = = = flying schools are small businesses involved in the training of pilots , both for training purposes and for those intending to fly professionally . they make widespread use of fixed @ - @ wing light aircraft associated with traditional ga , not only for flying lessons but also of light aircraft rented out to qualified pilots for recreational flights . private @ - @ powered aircraft account for a significant proportion of ga activity , both in terms of hours flown and aircraft movements . the pilot training element is regarded by the aviation community as a key benefit that is important to the recruitment of pilots for the airline industry . it is estimated by the general aviation research group that since – 70 per cent of new pilots have company @ - @ financed their pilot training at ga schools , and one uk airline operator has stated that the industry will rely on 70 – % per cent of new pilots coming from the ga sector . the caa estimates that between 1996 and 2006 the number of newly qualified pilots following the unsponsored ga route rose from 48 per cent to 59 per cent . the main argument to this claim is that pilots can be recruited outside of the uk , and that the airline industry is not therefore dependent on a large ga sector in the uk for its supply of pilots . the caa concludes that a significant reduction in ga would lend " some merit to the argument that pilot recruitment would be sustainable " , but that the data " flying hours " does not reflect such a positive outlook ." of course , dependence on other countries for flight " means that the uk lacks the economic benefits of the latter activity . = = = private flying = = = private flying can be for both recreational purposes and personal transport , using aircraft that are owned privately , collectively as part of a syndicate , or rented from a flying club . a survey of pilots conducted in 2001 and 2002 indicated that the most common purposes of private flights were local flights near the base aerodrome , flights to other aerodromes , and short trips abroad . half of these flights landed at the base aerodrome they departed from , and only 10 per cent were an overnight stay away from home . private flying is often associated with the traditional form of the @ - @ , two and three @ - @ seater , single piston @ - @ engine , and light aircraft . examples of these are the cessna 152 , cessna 172 , and piper pa28 ##0 , all with their introduction in the 1930s , and the more modern version of cirrus . the average cost per hour to fly an aircraft has been estimated to be £ 133 , compared to an average £ 100 per hour for helicopters , and a modest £ 60 per hour for microlights . recent trends have seen an increase in the use of microlights , and also in recreational helicopter flying with the introduction of smaller and cheaper helicopters such as the bell r22 and r44 . a growth area for private flying in recent years has been in the form of amateur model aircraft , such as the van ' s , rv @ - @ 4 and the dragon . there is a strong vintage flying industry in the uk , with two @ - @ % of the uk registered vintage aircraft flying . these cover the full range of civil and military aviation , examples being the de havilland dragon rapide airliner of the 1930s , and the world war ii ( wwii ) spitfire fighter . there are many ex @ - @ wwii aircraft which could also be considered vintage under a looser definition , including for example 60 ex @ - @ powered jets such as the hawker hunter . vintage aircraft are popular exhibits at air displays , which are considered to be the second most popular spectator sport after football in the uk . = = = = = = = competitive gliding in the uk takes place between may and september . regionals are local races , organised and run by some of the bigger gliding clubs in the region , and represent the highest level to glider racing . they are organised according to pilot performance , and normally take place over nine days . success in the regionals allows pilots to progress to the national ,where there are three levels of competition . these are based on aircraft size , the lowest being club class , and then progressing through standard ( maximum 15 metres ( 49 ft ) wingspan , and flaps not permitted ) , 15 metres ( 49 ft ) ( as standard , and flaps are permitted ) , 18 metres ( 59 ft ) ( maximum 18 metres ( 59 ft ) wingspan ) , and finally open @ - @ class ( no restrictions ) . success at national level can lead to a place on the national team and success at international level . in 2007 the british gliding association was ranked number one , and british pilots won the women ' s world championships and the open class european championships . british air racing is open to any propeller @ - @ class aircraft capable of reaching a minimum speed of 100 miles ( 160 km ) per hour in level flight . races are a case of " fly right , fly high , fly left " , consisting of 4 – - laps round a 20 – nautical miles ( 38 – 32 km ) circuit . faster aircraft are prone to running after other aircraft , the result being that the race concludes with all aircraft diving for the finish line simultaneously . there are up to 20 competitions per year , conducted at venues in the uk , france and the channel islands , for prizes that include the schneider trophy and america ' s cup , and the season ends with the british air racing and european air racing championships . aerobatic competitions take place for both powered aircraft and gliders , with up to 30 events each year in the uk and france . starting at the club level , pilots can progress up to standard ( powered aircraft ) and sports ( glider ) levels , and then on to intermediate , advanced , and finally unlimited classes . each step up requires a wider repertoire of aerobatic skills and progressively more performance from the aircraft . national championships are awarded annually at club / standard , intermediate , advanced ( powered aircraft only ) , and sports levels , and pilots who have achieved standard and unlimited levels are eligible for selection to represent the uk in international competition . the competitions are held at club , regional , national and international levels , and cover the disciplines of level flying , freefall flying , formation flying , canopy formation , gliding and freeflying , and skysurfing . british pilots consistently win medals at canopy formation world championships , and a british team won the 2006 world championships in women ' s 4 @ - @ class formation skydiving . = = = = = aerodrome is a generic term for any aerodrome from which flying may take place , although thereother terms may be used to characterise its purpose . the caa annual review of airports applies the term airport to locations which predominantly support large scale ga flights , and airfield to locations which predominantly support ga flights . the general aviation small aerodrome ##s ##3 ( gasar ) lists 687 airfields in england which come within the scope of ga , classifying 374 into six categories . these range in size from large airports to the smallest landing strip , although 80 per cent of ga flights operate from 134 of the larger airfields in the first four categories . = = = gasar aerodrome classification = = = the criteria used in determining how an english aerodrome is categorised by the gasar organisation are based broadly on size and facilities . the main types of aerodrome are described , in size order , as : regional airfields ( e . g . west midlands ) ; minor ga airfields ( e . g . birmingham ) ; major ga airfields ( e . g . andrewsfield ) ; basic ga airfields ( e . g . rufforth ) ; small airfields ( e . g . tilstock ) ; and remote airstrips ( e . g . chilbolton in hampshire ) . the general criteria used to categorise airfields are complex , involving many different parameters , backed up with a detailed review by the local pilots . they generally have long , fully lit , - @ - @ surfaced runways , full air traffic control , and navigation and landing aids . they are generally located on the fringes , support industrial and commercial activities , and generally exclude certain types of light aircraft . at the more rurally situated airfields , the lighter end of aviation , such as microlight and gliding activities , are increasingly common , and there are few or no commercial operations other than flying schools . at this level runways are generally shorter , and hard surfaces are more common . navigation aids are increasingly scarce , and only available where they are available , and often ground to air radio communication replaces air traffic control . the smaller airfields are too small to feature on general aviation ordnance survey ( os ) maps , and lack basic facilities such as fuel and maintenance . the majority of airstrips are generally on short grass runways with no supporting buildings , although the absence of a runway is not uncommon at the larger airfields . they do not feature on os maps , and are operated by private clubs or , more rarely , individuals . = = = aerodrome classification = = = most aerodromes used for public transport operations are required to be licensed by the caa . to be granted a licence anaerodrome operator must satisfy the caa that : the operational conditions of the aerodrome , and its environs , are good ; the scale of operation , and facilities provided , are suitable for the flying operations which are permitted to take place ; an effective safety management system is in place ; and that staff are available and , where appropriate , suitably trained . airports designated as developed ga airfields or operated by the gasar ##c are , with few exceptions , licensed . only two basic ga airfields , silverstone and duxford , are licensed , and most airstrips are unlicensed . the light aviation airports working group , a joint caa @ - @ industry group , was established in 2005 to consider the future of light aviation airports . a major recommendation of this group was a review of the restrictions placed on unlicensed operators . the group recommended that the requirement for air flying operations to be conducted separately from licensed aerodromes should be further reduced in the light of growing international and european requirements . it was recommended that restrictions on flight operations at unlicensed aerodrome should be lifted , and this was permitted from april 2010 = = regulation of the sector = = there are an estimated 12 @ , @ 000 civil aircraft registered in the uk , 80 per cent of which are engaged in flying operations . in 2005 the ga fleet comprised 9 @ , @ 000 + @ - @ registered aircraft , 4 @ , @ 100 microlights , 2 @ , @ 100 transports , 1 @ , @ 800 aircraft / h , 1 @ , @ 500 transports and some 2 @ , @ 000 + ##ers . estimates put the number of + @ - @ registered ga aircraft based in the uk at 900 . the number of pilots licensed by the caa to fly powered aircraft in 2005 was 34 @ , @ 000 , of whom 28 @ , @ 000 held a private pilot licence . the rest held commercial pilot licences , either a commercial pilot licence or an airline transport pilot licence , although not all of these would be used in ga activities . in addition , there were 12 @ , @ 000 registered private pilots , and estimates put the number of the @ - @ related flying and gliding associations at 12 @ , @ 000 . the number of aerodromes that support ga in the uk is difficult to establish with certainty . pooleys 2008 united kingdom flight guide lists 355 , and the airplan flight guide and vfr flight guide 2008 lists nearly 500 . lockyears farm ' aerodrome ' and the airfields flight guide lists more than 300 such aerodrome . the gasar studyestimates 1 @ , @ 100 formal flying sites in england alone , a figure which includes formal sites known to local authorities but not included in flight guides . and about 1 759 informal sites known only to land authorities , customs , and members of the pressure group air @ - @ mouth . the sector was estimated to employ nearly 12 @ , @ 000 people and to contribute £ ##4 @ . @ 1 million to the uk economy in 2005 , making up about seven per cent of the size of the cat industry . nearly all of the economic growth is generated by business aviation . = = = = = most sectors of ga for which statistics are available have shown growth in aircraft numbers and hours flown over the last two decades . the lighter sectors of the ga spectrum : microlights , amateur aircraft , and aircraft and balloons , have in particular shown strong growth , although the growth of these sectors was severely affected during the air @ - @ and @ - @ mouth outbreak in 2001 , when access to farmland was restricted . after strong growth in the late 1980s , the ga has shown a steady decline recently , reflecting a shift amongst recreational pilots towards microlight aircraft , and increased numbers of foreign @ - @ registered aircraft . recreational aircraft usage has increased substantially due to the introduction of smaller and lighter helicopters . glider usage has remained relatively low , although there has been a gradual increase in the number of foreign @ - @ registered motor gliders . business aviation has shown strong growth , although the numbers of aircraft on the uk register has declined . this reflects a move away from turboprop aircraft towards foreign @ - @ registered business jets based in the uk , which are estimated to be growing in size . however , the foreign @ - @ engined aircraft numbers have declined significantly , reflecting pressures on the light jet @ - @ aircraft market from the faster and cheaper taxi services , and from more sophisticated corporate jet business . the amount of flight training offered by uk schools has increased , largely at the hands of students from overseas schools , which benefit from lower costs and better weather . since 1990 the average number of hours flown flown by the aviation sector has been in the range 0 @ . @ [UNK] – 1 @ . @ 35 million , the dominant sector being traditional ga aircraft , which accounts for 0 @ . @ 1 million per year . the overall increase in aircraft numbers combined with nil growth in hours flown has brought the annual flying hours per aircraft down from 157 hours in 1984 to 103 hours in 2002 . the decline in asset utilisation has led to concerns that the economic health of the ga industryis weakening , although the lack of data on safety makes this difficult to achieve . = = = = = the aim of regulation is to " promote high standards of safety in all aspects of aviation " , and this is the main area of interaction between the caa and the aviation sector . efforts focus on assuring appropriate standards of airworthiness , pilot qualification , the procedures for the movement of passengers , and cargo to be carried . the caa was established as the primary regulatory body for all aviation in the uk in 1972 . in 1991 it started working with the joint aviation authority ( jaa ) framework to enforce agreed safety standards , known as the joint aviation requirements ( jar ) , across the european union ( eu ) . in 2003 this was taken a step further when the european aviation safety agency ( easa ) was established as the sole eu regulator , taking over responsibility for legislating safety and environmental regulation from the eu authorities . the caa acts as an agency of easa on these issues , retaining its original regulatory powers in areas not yet transferred to easa . these changes are to establish easa as the primary regulator in the eu , taking over from individual member states the power to regulate all aviation other than that specifically excluded from the scope of easa . = = = licensing and self @ - @ regulation = = = within this framework certain sectors of ga are regulated on a devolved basis . in most cases the caa / easa has responsibility for aviation regulation , although other bodies , particularly of sectors that are not included in the scope of easa , are given greater oversight of their activities . the majority of microlight aircraft are regulated by the british microlight aircraft association ( bmaa ) , although a small number are regulated by the light aircraft association ( laa ) , formerly known as the popular aviation association . the laa is the primary regulator for amateur light aircraft , as well as vintage and heritage aircraft . parachuting is regulated by the british parachute association , although the aircraft used for this sport are not caa @ - @ regulated . balloon and airship flying is overseen by the british balloon and airship association . the self @ - @ specific national private pilot licence ( nppl ) is administered by the private pilot licensing group ltd . , supported by the laa , the aircraft owners and pilots association ltd , the british gliding association , and the british microlight aircraft association . apart from these licensing bodies , gliding in the uk is self @ - @ regulated . the british gliding association was until recently responsible for gliderga , now is regulated as a result of easa legislation , and still retains rights of pilot certification . hang gliding and paragliding activities ( i . e . , @ - @ registered aircraft ) are governed by the british hang gliding and gliding association . = = = = = = = under caa and easa rules , all aircraft are required to meet certain standards of safety to fly safely and efficiently . aircraft that meet these standards are issued with a certificate of safety . however , british @ - @ registered aircraft which are excluded from the scope of easa , and which cannot satisfy the requirements for the issue of a certificate of airworthiness , may be issued with a permit to fly . this allows them to fly in uk airspace subject to certain restrictions , for example being restricted to uk @ - @ registered flights under visual flight rules only . a number of associations ( e . g . the british microlight aircraft association and the light aircraft association ) have obtained a standing over @ - @ pilot licence for permit to fly only in their area of interest with some european countries , notably france . permits are typically issued to vintage and experimental aircraft , amateur built aircraft , and microlights . = = = pilot licensing = = = the pilot licence most relevant to aviation is the private pilot licence ( ppl ) , which allows the holder to fly for recreational purposes without remuneration . in addition to the european @ - @ wide range aviation test flight pilot licensing ( jar @ - @ fcl ) standard , the caa also issues uk @ - @ private pilot licences . in the absence of licensing standards for gyroplane , balloon , and airship pilots , the caa refers these pilots to the national uk ppl standard . as a response to the perception that uk pilot licensing standards are excessively restrictive and expensive for the benefit of private pilots , the national private pilot licence ( nppl ) was introduced in 2002 . the nppl is easier to obtain than the jar @ - @ fcl standard , has less stringent medical requirements , is less restrictive in the privileges it grants , and is valid only for flights in uk @ - @ registered aircraft flying in uk and french airspace . although there are proposals to introduce private pilot licensing into the regulatory framework of easa , the gliding association is not currently @ - @ regulating in this regard . the british gliding association is responsible for defining the standards of pilot training , and certifying , via a rating system , pilots who meet those standards . the workingin areas of ga that are commercial operations , such as aerial photography and business aviation , are required to hold a professional pilot licence which , at a minimum , is the commercial pilot licence . = = safety = = between 1995 and 2004 there were 2 @ , @ 630 accidents involving ga aircraft , of which 139 were fatal , resulting in the loss of 317 lives . the majority of accidents occurred were re @ - @ wing members operating in private flights , and evidence shows the most common causes of these to : flight handling errors ; poor navigation or airmanship ; lack of training or experience ; and omission of , or delaying , action . there were 16 fatal accidents involving ga aircraft in 2007 , resulting in the loss of 17 lives . these compares with 17 accidents claiming the loss of 17 lives the previous year , and although the 2007 statistics are higher than average , they are not exceptional . = = safety = = the growth of commercial air transport ( cat ) has eroded the operational capabilities of ga , both in the air and on the ground at many airports . difficulty with access to larger airports is compounded by a decline in the number of aerodromes generally , and existing sites are often threatened with closure and re @ - @ used for more profitable uses . the uk ga system is designed to focus on local use , and much of the national impact of ga operations is not within its remit . this makes aerodrome negotiation difficult , often exposing those that can access the process to restrictions on access . = = = airspace . = = = airspace is shared by cat , military and ga users . it is divided into controlled airspace , in which aircraft must only be under the control of an air traffic controller , and uncontrolled airspace , in which aircraft can operate autonomously . although ga flights can under certain conditions use controlled airspace , they operate mainly out of it . controlled airspace is essential for the provision of a safe air transport service necessary for the safe operation of ga . a caa report found that " joint [ commercial ] aviation with ga users is considered dangerous , and untenable " for commercial operators . " this change has resulted in extensive class a controlled airspace with tighter boundaries , including airspace running down to the ground , and vfr access to airspace , resulting in high numbers of ga users operating close to the boundaries of controlled airspace who could not get formal receipt of an air transport licence . coupled with increased aircraft errors , hundreds of airspace infringements have been reported every year . increases in the number of cat operations , and in the number of airports theydeviation from , has resulted in a corresponding increase in class a controlled airspace . between 1997 and 2006 this area grew in size from 10 per cent of controlled airspace to 22 per cent overall , and from 24 per cent to 43 per cent in airspace in england and wales , leading to a perception by the ga community of being squeezed in . there are also problems for parking around large airports , where class a controlled airspace extends to sea level . the concentration of commercial aircraft and increased demand for parking in the south east of england has also resulted in extensive areas of class a controlled airspace there , which serve to channel future ga operations through high @ - @ - @ - @ - hot spots . = = = airport access = = = some airports , such as manchester airport , have seen strong growth in ga operations in recent years . these operations are commercially and culturally associated with ga , and although there is some evidence of this discrimination , the trend has been to eliminate or reduce it . ga operations are being subject to significant increases in charges , including the introduction of parking fees in some cases . some airports restrict or deny ga operations , and others allow or allow for ga activity . as a result , light ga aircraft are now rarely or never used at large , busy commercial airports such as heathrow , stansted , gatwick and london . in addition to this de facto lack of facilities , the use of ga in the uk has been in decline over the last 50 years , as a result of increasing urbanisation and the closure of airfields built during wwii . larger and more intensive uses for ga can also lead to existing aerodromes being threatened with closure , for example north weald , or actually being closed , as happened to ipswich airport . and to filton airport . referring to the lack of a " functioning national network of ga airfields " , especially where ga has an air transport role , the caa stated that " there could be cause for concern if a single further network of airfields were to continue , or if crucial nodes on the ga network were to be lost . " = = = planning system = = = the planning system is critical to the viability and success of ga operations . with many airports having regular air transport services between them , and with road access to commercial airports becoming increasingly difficult and expensive , a national network of aerodromes for ga air transport operations is seen as an important national issue . however , there is no single national planning policy specific to ga aerodromes , and planning decisions relating to these are based on local issues that are not requiredto consider the environmental impact . because aircraft are exempt from noise control legislation , the only recourse for people affected by aircraft noise is through the planning process , and this issue is the principal issue on which the majority of planning decisions relating to ga land use are made . ga is a specialist activity , unfamiliar to local planning authorities , and most planning decisions relating to it either require permission , or treat it with restrictive conditions . little gransden is just one example of a ga airfield failing to comply with planning restrictions on the number of movements allowed , thereby inhibiting further development . such conditions , if properly conceived , can make ga operations unviable or even unsafe . = = = = = public opinion towards aviation noise is mixed , based on various environmental concerns relating to noise and noise , and low noise has been criticised by respondents to a government consultation on aircraft noise as a dangerous or selfish activity . in terms of environmental complaints and enquiries made to the caa that relate specifically to ga , noise is " by far " the most common subject . half of the 1 @ , @ 000 noise complaints made annually to the caa concern ga operations , most of which relate to aerobatics , helicopters using private aircraft , air crash incidents , parachute dropping , and other aircraft noise . government guidance on aircraft noise advises that " in some circumstances the public regards general aerodrome noise levels as more disturbing than noise levels around major airports . " this is a consideration of the noise characteristics of light aircraft , and the activities they are engaged in , including : closed circuit radio at low @ - @ altitudes near the aerodrome , during which aircraft are audible for long periods ; hill climbing aircraft engaged in parachute drop ; air tug activities concentrated around the landing zone or aerodrome , are audible for long periods ; erratic and repetitive engine noise from aircraft engaged in landing ; and high @ - @ engines on low power in areas of high aircraft noise , leading to the perception that such noise is too intrusive . in an attempt to alleviate these concerns , the majority of airports implement noise control procedures designed to route aircraft away from environmentally sensitive areas , and more than 50 are licensed by the government to provide consultative facilities in which local concerns can be raised with aerodrome operators .