= the magdalen reading = the magdalen reading is one of three surviving fragments of a late mid @ - @ - @ - @ century oil on panel altarpiece by the early netherlandish artist rogier van der weyden . the panel , originally oak , was completed some time between 1435 and 1438 and has been in the national gallery , london since 1860 . it shows a woman with the pale skin , high cheek bones and oval face typical of the idealised portraits of english women of the period . she is identified as the woman from the jar of ointment placed in the foreground , which is her traditional position in english art . she is depicted as fully engaged in her reading , a symbol of the contemplative life , healed and absolved of past sins . in catholic tradition the magdalen was identified with saint mary of bethany who anointed the body of jesus with oil and the word " sinner " of luke 7 : 36 – [UNK] . iconography of the magdalen reading shows her with a book , in a state of reflection , without tears , and with eyes averted . van der weyden pays particular attention to details in these fragments , in particular the folds and folds of the woman ' s dress , the rock crystal of the rosary beads held by the figure standing over her , and the details of the foliage . the background of the painting had been overpainted with a thick layer of brown paint . a cleaning between 1955 and 1956 revealed the figure standing between the magdalene and the kneeling figure with her bare foot protruding in front of her , with the foot visible through a crack . the two partially seen figures are slightly cut off from the rest of the london panel . the figure behind her has been identified as belonging to a fragment in the museu calouste gulbenkian , lisbon , which shows the life of saint joseph , while the lisbon fragment , showing what is thought to be saint catherine of alexandria , is thought to be from the same earlier work . the lisbon fragment was a later conversazione , known only from a drawing , virgin and child with child , in stockholm ' s nationalmuseum , which followed a later reconstruction of the painting that is dated from the late 15th century . the drawing shows that the painting occupied the upper right @ - @ hand corner of the altarpiece . the three fragments are about a quarter of the size of the magdalen , which measures 60 @ . @ . cm × 60 @ .@ 61 cm ( 24 @ . @ 1 in × 21 @ . @ 4 in ) . although internationally successful during his lifetime , van der weyden disappeared from view during the 18th century , and was not rediscovered until the late 19th century . the magdalen reading can first be traced to an 1811 painting . after passing through the hands of a number of dealers in the netherlands , the panel was purchased by the national gallery , london , in 1860 from a dealer in paris . it was described by art historian lorne campbell as " one of the great masterpieces of 15th @ - @ century painting and among van der weyden ' s most important early works . " = = description = = the magdalene as depicted in early renaissance painting is a composite of various biblical figures . here , she is based on mary of bethany , who is identified as the magdalene in the roman catholic tradition . mary of bethany sat at jesus ' feet and " listened to his sermon " , and she is seen as a religious figure . the magdalene is mary ' s sister martha who , representative of the catholic church , wished that jesus would let her serve . mary is portrayed by van der weyden as youthful , sitting in quiet piety with her head tilted and eyes slightly away from the viewer . she is absorbed in her reading of a holy book , the pages of which include a piece of red leather , a common form of book binding . four coloured x ##s are attached to a gold bar at the top of the spine . according to lorne campbell , the book " looks much like a 15th @ - @ century illuminated bible " and is " clearly a religious text " . it was rare for portrait portraits to show women reading , and if the magdalene herself could read , she was likely from a wealthy family . van der weyden often linked beauty and content , and in this fragment the oval shape of the magdalene reinforces her apparent detachment from her surroundings . she is seated on a velvet cushion and leans her back against a wooden table . at her side is her customary offering of an olive jar ; in the gospels she brought spices to the bed of jesus . the view from the window is of a distant garden , with an angel on the garden wall and a figure walking on the other side of the canal , whose reflection shows in the water . van der weyden ' s pose for the magdalene is similar to a group of other religious scenes painted by his master jean campin in his workshop . itclosely resembling , in theme and tone , the figure of saint barbara in campin ' s werl ##a , and also the figure in the annunciation attributed to campin in brussels . as for jan van der weyden , the magdalen ' s face has an almost feminine expression , and the elements of her clothes are conveyed in great detail . she wears a red robe ; in medieval art the magdalene is often shown nude ( sometimes visible only through her long dress ) or in richly coloured dress , typically red , blue or green , almost always in white . her dress is usually pulled over her bust with a blue sash , and the gold belt of her robe is surrounded by a white veil . art historian john darwent observed that the magdalene ' s status as a " fallen woman " is hinted at by the nap in the fur lining of her dress and the long strands of hair loose from her veil . darwent wrote , " even her fingers , absent @ - @ mindedly drawn , suggest grace . in her mix of beauty and grace , van der weyden ' s magdalen feels whole ; but she isn ' t . " in the medieval period , fur represented female power and was often associated with the magdalene . art historian john crispin explains that artists such as memling and matsys often depicted the magdalen in fur and notes that she " is often dressed in fur @ - @ minded garments in the red dress of rogier van der weyden " . the level of detail used in portraying the magdalene has been described by campbell as " far exceed [ ing ] " van eyck . her lips are painted with a mixture of grey , white and black which are mixed into each other to give a delicate smile on the mouth . the fur lining of her dress is painted in a range of greys running from almost pure white to almost black . rogier gave the fur a textured look by painting it parallel to the lines of the dress and then drying the paint before it dried . the gold on the figure is painted with a variety of lines , grid and pattern of varying shape and size . many of the objects around her are very finely detailed , in particular the wood floor and walls , the folds of the magdalene ' s dress , the costume of the woman in the exterior and the beads of joseph ' s rosary . the effect of falling light is closely studied ; joseph ' s own rosary may have subtle details , or subtle deline##ations of light and shade can be seen in the window ' s frame and in the clasps of her hands . mary is absorbed in her reading and seemingly unaware of her surroundings . van der weyden has given her a quiet personality although he is generally seen as the more mature of the master netherlandish painters of the period , in particular when compared with jan van gogh . lorne brown describes the kneeling figure of the virgin seen through the window and her reflection in the glass as " small moments of beauty " , and says that " the attention to detail far exceeds that of jan van eyck and the skill of both is remarkable " . he notes that these small details would have been difficult for a viewer to observe when the altarpiece was in its intended state . other parts of the panel , however , have been described as dull and uninspired . one critic notes that the surface of the floor and most of the wall behind her seem smooth and " far too narrow and papery in texture " . a number of objects placed on the cupboard are also barely visible save for their outlines . the object to the right resting on legs of a chair is likely a wooden object , possibly a cup . a moulding to the left of the window may represent a doorway . = = altarpiece = = = virgin and child with child , a drawing in vienna ' s nationalmuseum , is thought to be a copy of a portion of the original painting by a follower of van der weyden , who possibly may have been the master of the koberger rundblatter . the drawing shows a carefully sketched background and features , from left to right : an unidentified bishop kneeling with mitre and crosier in a sitting position ; a narrow gap with a few wavy vertical lines suggesting a look at the outline of a single kneeling figure ; a barefoot bearded man in a white robe identified as saint john the baptist ; a kneeling woman holding in her arms the christ child who leans to the right , looking at a book ; and holding the book , a kneeling young male identified as john the baptist . the drawing stops at the end of joseph ' s figure , at roughly the point on the magdalene panel where joseph ' s walking stick meets his and the magdalene ' s robes . this suggests that the magdalene panel was the first to be copied from the original work . at an unknown point before 1811 , the original painting was broken into at least three pieces , possibly due to theft , although the originalit is in poor condition . the black overpaint was probably added in the early 17th century when netherlandish painting had fallen from favour and was disappearing . campbell notes that with the removal of the black paint " it looks enough like a single piece to belong in a well @ - @ known group of late seventeenth @ - @ century paintings " . from the size of the surviving fragments in relation to the drawing , it is clear that the original was at least 2 m high by 1 @ . @ 5 m wide ; the bishop and the magdalene seem to clearly mark the two figures , but the size of the figures above and between the surviving fragments and the drawing cannot be determined . such a panel is inconsistent with other panels of the period . the panel was overpainted with a thick layer of black / brown paint until it was removed in 1955 ; it was only after the layer ' s removal that it was added to the upper body and head of joseph from the lisbon panel . these two figures were not recorded in inventory until 1907 , when they appear in the inventory of leo lardus at suresnes , france . the london panel shows much of the clothing of two other figures from the original panel . to the right of the magdalene is the white robe of what appears to be a kneeling figure . the robes and robes , and less of the background , match the kneeling saint john the evangelist . behind the bishop is a female figure in blue and white robes , with two rosary beads in one hand and a walking stick in the other . the panel in the museu calouste gulbenkian in lisbon shows the head of a figure assumed to be the saint joseph ; the background and robes match with those of the figure behind the bishop in the lisbon panel . there is a single surviving panel in lisbon of a female head , richly and royally dressed , which first appears in 1907 with the london panel when it was recorded in the inventory of leo nardus at suresnes . the figure may be the catherine of alexandria , and from both the angle of her cloth and the fact that the wall behind her would be similar to that of the exterior of the london panel it can be assumed that she is kneeling . in the original drawing she is omitted , with only part of her dress shown . the lisbon panel has a view of the view through a window to an aquatic scene ; if the kneeling figure is assumed to be kneeling , the background and the waterway match with thosein the royal collection . some art historians , including david smith and john ward , have been slow to accept the stockholm panel as part of the group , as it is signed by van der weyden , a near @ - @ contemporary follower . evidence against this interpretation includes the fact that the moulding of the panel to the left of the gulbenkian seated saint is smooth , while that next to saint joseph is chamfered . such an arrangement in a single van der weyden panel is unusual . the panels are of equal thickness ( 1 @ . @ 3 in ) and of 1 @ - @ - size ; the saint catherine panel measures 17 @ . @ 6 cm × 20 @ . @ 13 cm ( 7 @ . @ 3 in × 8 @ . @ 5 in ) , the saint joseph 8 @ . @ 13 cm × 21 cm ( 7 @ . @ 3 in × 8 @ . @ 3 in ) . lorne ward thinks that though the female figure is " much less well drawn and less well painted than the male " , it " seems likely " that all three figures came from the same earlier work ; he points out that " about half way up the right edge of this fragment [ " catherine " ] is a small triangle of red , surrounded by a continuous underdrawn brushstroke . . . it is possible that the triangle is part of the background of the missing figure of the bishop " . the small triangle is on the right edge of the panel , and only visible when it is viewed from the frame . ward believes the red corresponds closely with the folds of john ' s robes . the stockholm drawing shows a narrow blank panel to the right of the bishop with a few other figures that could match the lower part of the missing figure of saint joseph . although none of the figures in the three blank panels match those in the original , a 1971 reconstruction by art historian john ward — which combined all of the works into a composition of a central virgin and child flanked by two angels — is widely accepted . the stockholm drawing ' s original composition and date to the 19th century is unknown , except that the drawing shows a wooden carving of the virgin and child attributed to a flemish master from about 1440 . this carving was also found in paris . = = iconography = = van der weyden ' s depiction of the virgin is based on mary of bethany , identified by the biographer of pope innocent xi as the holy virgin of luke 7 :36 – 50 . she also became associated with weeping and reading : god ' s mercy causes the face of the virgin to be sad or sad . later renaissance artists further reinforced this idea by portraying contemplative eyes , replacing them with words , and in contrast weeping with reading . examples can be seen in 16th @ - @ century paintings by tintoretto and raphael which show the virgin reading , either with her eyes turned towards her book ( and presumably away from a male gaze ) , or looking up to the heavens or , sometimes , looking up towards the heavens . writing in " the sleeping virgin " , mosche barasch explains that in van der weyden ' s time the act of averting or concealing the eyes became a " common formula for reading " . in the medieval period , reading was synonymous with devotion , which involved withdrawal from daily life . van der weyden ' s placement of the magdalen in an ecclesiastical setting reflected the increased literacy of many christian laywomen in the mid @ - @ 15th century . the widespread production of devotional texts showed that noble women of the time could read texts such as a psalter or book of hours in the privacy of their homes . whether the virgin herself was a saint , by the 17th century she was well established as such in the visual arts . because the magdalen was present at christ ' s death and subsequent resurrection , she was seen as the bearer of news — and wisdom — and was directly associated with the gospel . the religious imagery further draws on the image of christ as the word , accompanied by a book , with the magdalen as the narrator learning of her own life , in a moment of reflection and reflection . her approach to reading reflects her traditional role as the most repentant person , as well as a prophetess and seer . according to tradition , the virgin spent the last 30 years of her life as a nun at sainte @ - @ baume and was often shown with a book , reading and writing , and her remaining years of contemplation and reading . by the 16th century she acquired the imagery of a once @ - @ shamed woman who , clothed in long robes , now with her face in exile and " borne by angels , floats between heaven and hell " . the magdalen ' s glass jar was common in the lexicon of english in van der weyden ' s time . mary of bethany ,have opened the door when she repented of her sins on christ ' s feet in her home ; in the renaissance , the image of the magdalen was of the woman who bathed christ ' s feet with her tears and dried them with her hair . she administered the " sacrament of anointing ( washing and unction ) " by pouring the water on christ ' s feet in his tomb . = = date and location = = the altarpiece ' s date is uncertain but believed to be between 1435 and 1438 . van der weyden was appointed chamberlain to the city of amsterdam in 1435 , and it is believed to have been painted during this appointment . the national gallery gives " circa 1438 " . art historian john ward argues that the painting is one of van der weyden ' s first masterpieces , created early in his career when he was being heavily influenced by robert campin . he proposes a c . 1437 date based on similarities to campin ' s werl ##a . because van der weyden , like many of the early netherlandish masters , was not active until the early 19th century , many of his works were wrongly lost or destroyed , and some pieces such as the famous miraflores painting ceased to exist . however , when a number of works considered either by van der weyden or assistants under his supervision were cleaned in the mid - to late 19th century , his hand and his influence was lost , as in the case of the painting , associated with other images whose authenticity has been uncertain . the modern reading can first be traced to an 1811 sale of the estate of cassino , a little @ - @ a collector from haarlem , when the work was being cut down . the painting was included in the inventory of jan hoofman , mayor of haarlem . after passing to the nieuwenhuys family , who were leading dealers in art of the early netherlandish period , it moved to the collector edmond beaucousin in 1851 , whose " small - choice " collection of early netherlandish paintings was purchased for the national gallery , london by john lock eastlake in 1860 ; an acquisition that also included the robert campin paintings and works by john marmion ( 1425 – 1489 ) . this occurred during a period of decline intended to increase the international reputation of the gallery . sometime before 1811 , all the figures except the white background on the left and the blackjar and panel were overpainted in dark brown , which was not replaced until the restoration begun in 1955 . in general the " painted ceiling is in very good condition " , although only in the parts that were not overpainted , and there are a few small fragments . the magdalen reading was transferred from its original oak to a wooden panel ( west ##er swietenia ) by dutch artists sometime between 1828 and when the national gallery acquired it in 1860 . campbell states that the transfer occurred " certainly after 1828 , probably before 1845 , and probably before 1860 " , the year it was acquired by the national gallery . artificial ultramarine @ - @ - stain found in the transfer ground out that the change of panel took place around 1830 . the heads from 1830 are still on their original oak panel . the original drawing was discovered in a german museum c . 1916 and is probably of swedish origin . it was bequeathed by a swedish collector , christian langaad , to the swedish national museum of fine arts in 1918 . = = gallery = =