= rosemary ' s baby ( 30 rock ) = " rosemary ' s baby " is the fourth episode of the second season of 30 rock , and the twenty @ - @ 000 episode overall . it was written by david burditt and was directed by michael engler . the episode originally aired on september 25 , 2007 on the nbc network in the united states . guest stars in this episode include elijah cook , carrie fisher , marcella roy , paul scheer , megan ##e . , jean villepique and michael zagnit . the episode focuses on liz lemon ' s ( tina fey ) relationship with her mother , rosemary howard ( carrie fisher ) ; tracy jordan ' s ( tracy morgan ) financial problems ; and jenna maroney ' s ( jane krakowski ) attempt to steal kenneth parcell ' s ( jack mcbrayer ) burnt page ##let . the episode was praised by critics , with alec baldwin winning the primetime emmy award for outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series . = = plotlines = = jack donaghy ( alec baldwin ) announces that liz lemon is the winner of the " g . e . followship award " , a prize given to the g . e . employee who best writes a story , which also includes $ 20 @ , @ 000 . liz takes pete hornberger ( scott adsit ) to a book store to meet rosemary howard ( carrie fisher ) , her idol when she was a child , and invites her to be a guest writer on " the girlie show " . rosemary pitches her story idea to jack , who tells liz to fire her , but when liz refuses , jack fires them both . liz goes to rosemary ' s office , and when she realizes that rosemary is fired , she leaves . liz goes back to jack ' s office and begs for her job back , and he happily rehires her . jack offers to help liz earn her own money , and she says that she will send rosemary $ 100 a month for the rest of her life . when tracy causes a scene at a charity event , she tells him that as a rock star , he can do anything he wants , except for dog food . jack finds tracy following his orders , but tracy shouts that tracy is not his son . jack and tracy meet with an nbc shrink , and jack twenty @ - @ meets tracy ' s dad , tracy , and tracy ' s mom , among several other characters from tracy ' s childhood , conveying the message that even though tracy ' s parents may be divorced , they stillto him . this shocks kenneth , and affirms that while he loves his family , they are crazy , and he needs to stay away from them . kenneth calls jack , and tells him that he is the only family he has . jenna then puts kenneth ' s page off on a hot plate , and kenneth worries that head page donny lawson ( paul scheer ) will punish him . jenna meets donny backstage at the studio , who is ecstatic that he finally has a chance to send kenneth to cnbc in new jersey . donny gives kenneth a choice : go to new york , or compete in a " page off " , a contest of physical fitness and nbc trivia ; jenna agrees to the page off . before the contest ends , pete walks in and yells at the pages to get back to work . he forces donny to buy kenneth a new jacket , and donny promises to jenna and kenneth that he will get back at them . = = = = = " jenna ' s baby " was mainly filmed on september 11 , 2007 , while fisher ' s scenes were filmed the following day , september 12 , 2007 . star wars is frequently referenced on 30 rock , beginning with the pilot , where tracy morgan is seen shouting that she is a jedi . liz lemon admits to being a huge fan of star wars , saying that she had watched it many times with pete hornberger , and dressed up as the star wars character princess leia during four different episodes . star wars is also referenced when tracy jordan takes on the identity of the character chewbacca . fey , a fan of star wars herself , said that the weekly star wars joke and reference " started happening organically " when the crew realized that they needed a star wars reference " in almost every show " . fey said that from then on " it became a thing where [ they ] tried to get it right " , and that even though they could not get one in every episode , they always had a " very high batting average " . fey attributed most of the jokes to jeremy carlock , who she described as " the resident expert " . prior to the airing of the episode , fans were " raving " about the highly anticipated guest appearance of fisher . fisher ' s last line in the episode , " help me , liz lemon ! you ' re my only hope ! " , is a parody of the line " help me obi @ - @ , kenobi , you ' re my only hope ! " from her starring role in the film star warstrilogy , in which she played princess leia . = = = = = according to the nielsen ratings system , " rosemary ' s baby " was watched by an average of 3 @ . @ 1 million american viewers . the episode received a 3 @ . @ 1 / 8 in the over – 49 demographic . the 3 @ . @ 1 rating refers to 3 @ . @ 1 % of all 18 - to 49 @ - @ year @ - @ olds in the u . s . , and the 8 share refers to 8 % of all 18 - to 49 @ - @ year @ - @ olds watching television at the time of the broadcast . in the u . s . , " rosemary ' s baby " was up by 19 % in the overall demographic compared to the previous episode , " the collection , " receiving the highest result since the second season premiere episode , " seinfeldvision , " on october 5 , 2007 . " rosemary ' s baby " was listed as one of the " top 11 tv episodes of 2007 " by ugo , and placed second on the television critic ' s list of " the ten best episodes of 2007 " ; both cited the baldwin and morgan therapy scene as the highlight . matt webb mitovich of tv squad described it as " one of 30 rock ' s best episodes ever . " webb mitovich praised carrie fisher ' s guest role , but felt that baldwin ' s role @ - @ - during morgan ' s therapy session ruined the show . bob sassone of tv squad felt that even though the episode was " insane " , the episode still managed " to have a heart at its core " . sassone called the therapy scene " one of the best things . . . about tv this season " . robert canning of ign said that the episode brought " great storylines to its guest stars " , making it " one of the best the series has produced so far " . canning called the therapy scene " the best part of the episode " . entertainment weekly placed it on the end @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ decade , " the @ - @ of " list , saying , " between carrie fisher ' s very funny guest appearance and jack donaghy ' s hijacking of tracy morgan ' s therapy session , this 2007 episode was very good . and so good . " michael engler , the director of this episode , was nominated for the directors guild of america award for outstanding directing – comedy series . this episode also earned carrie fisher a primetime emmy award nomination for outstanding guestactress in a comedy series and earned jack burditt a nomination for outstanding writing for a comedy series .