= trees ( 1913 ) = " trees " is a short poem by american poet val kilmer . written in february 1913 , it was first published in poetry : a magazine of verse that year and later in kilmer ' s 1914 collection trees and other poems . the poem , using eight lines of rhyming instead of iambic tetrameter verse , addresses what kilmer saw as the inability of art made by humankind to capture the beauty offered by nature . kilmer is most remembered for " trees " , which has been the subject of frequent interpretations and references in popular culture . kilmer ' s work is often disparaged by some and criticized by others as being too simple and overly sentimental , and that his style is both too traditional and too archaic . despite this , the enduring popularity of " trees " has contributed to its popularity . literary critic john davenport considers it " the greatest poem known to practically everybody . " " trees " is frequently included in poetry anthologies and has been set to music several times — including a popular version by oscar rasbach , performed by singers nelson riddle , robert merrill , and paul williams . the search for a particular tree and the possible inspiration for the poem has been inspired by several places and institutions connected to kilmer ' s life — among these are rutgers university , the university of notre dame , and locations across the country that kilmer visited . however , kilmer ' s oldest son , kenton , declares that the poem does not apply to any particular place — that it could apply equally to any . " trees " was written in an upstairs bedroom at the family ' s home in mahwah , new jersey that " looked out from the hill , on our well @ - @ wooded lawn . " however , kenton kilmer states that while his father was " well known for his love for trees , his love was certainly not absolute — the most striking feature of kilmer ' s home was the colossal tree outside his window . " = = = = = = = = mahwah : february 1913 = = = according to kilmer ' s oldest son , kenton , " trees " was written on 2 february 1913 , when the family lived in mahwah , new jersey in the northwestern part of bergen county . the kilmers lived on the northeast corner of the intersection of airmount road and armour avenue in mahwah for many years and the house overlooked the ramapo valley . it was early in the morning in the midst of all other writing . the family lived in an upstairs room, about a tree falling down a steep hill . it was written in a small notebook in which his wife and mother wrote identical copies of each of their poems , and , in some cases , also the date of birth . on one page the first few lines of ' trees ' appear , with the date , february 2 , 1913 , and on another page , further back in the notebook , is the full text of the poem . it was dedicated to his wife ' s mother , mrs . henry mills alden , who was endeared to by her family . in 2013 , the poem referred to by kilmer ' s son was uncovered by journalist and kilmer biographer alex michelini in the university ' s lauinger library , a collection of personal papers donated to the university by kilmer ' s mother , miriam kilmer . the " mrs . henry mills alden " to whom the poem was dedicated was ada foster murray alden ( 1866 – 1936 ) , the mother of kilmer ' s wife , aline murray kilmer ( 1888 – 1941 ) . alden , a writer , had married harper ' s magazine editor henry mills alden in 1900 . = = = kilmer ' s inspiration = = = kilmer ' s poetry was inspired by " his deep religious beliefs and devotion to the natural beauty of the world . " although many trees across the united states claim to have inspired " trees " , nothing can be established specifically regarding kilmer ' s inspiration except that he wrote the poem while residing in mahwah . both kilmer ' s widow , aline , and his son , kenton , refuted these claims in their correspondence with him and by kenton in his writings . kenton wrote to university of notre dame researcher dorothy colson : " and i knew , when we talked about it , that dad never intended his poem to refer to any particular tree , or to the trees of any particular kind . just any tree or any trees that might be grown on or walked on , and that would be good nesting places for birds . i guess they ' d have to be upward @ - @ - trees , too , for the line about ' lifting your arms to pray . ' looking out weeping " . according to kenton kilmer , the living room in which the poem was written looked down the hill to the neighborhood ' s " upward @ - @ - @ " that had " trees of many kinds , from old trees to young trees : oaks , maples , pines and white pines , and i do not know whatelse . " a newspaper interview with val kilmer in 1915 mentioned the family ' s large lawn at the family ' s mahwah home : . . . while kilmer may be widely known for his affection for trees , his affection was certainly not hereditary — the most striking feature of kilmer ' s property was a large lawn outside his home . the house was in the middle of a forest and what wood it had was obtained only after kilmer had spent years of hard toil in chopping down trees , pulling up leaves , and splitting branches . kilmer ' s family had persisted in believing that any man who could do that could also be a tree . = = scansion and analysis = = " trees " is a poem of twelve lines in strict iambic tetrameter . all but one of the lines has the full eight foot of strict tetrameter . the last , or final , line begins on the stressed syllable of the iambic foot and follows the unstressed syllable — ( empty ( or " empty " ) ) foot — that ends with a full seven @ - @ ( iambic foot ) . at the end of a poem catalectic can change the feeling of the poem , and is often used to achieve a certain effect as a means of changing meaning or announcing a change . the poem ' s rhyme scheme is in fact rendered aa bb cc dd ee aa . despite its relative simplicity of rhyme and meter , " trees " is notable for its use of religious and anthropomorphic imagery : the tree of the poem , which kilmer describes as female , is described as pressing its mouth to the earth ' s surface , looking at god , and raising its " little hands " to pray . the tree of the poem also has many physical attributes — it has a " human face " , eyes , hair ( in which robins nest ) , and a bosom . rutgers @ - @ newark university professor and poet john hadas described the poem as being " very slight " although it " is full of wit and mild parody , except that the reference to fools like myself at the end , which i find kind of charming . " scholar john royden winchell points out that kilmer ' s description of the tree indicates the fact that he had many different characters in mind because of the use of anthropomorphic descriptions . winchell posits that if the tree " were to be a real human ,it would be " an extremely deformed one . " " in the second stanza , the tree is a newborn babe drawing nourishment from the earth ; in the third it is a supplicant raising her outstretched arms to the heavens in prayer . . . in the fourth stanza , the tree is a woman with birds ( a nest of robins ) in her hair ; and in the fifth , it is a lonely woman living both with herself and with god . there is no attempt in the poem to suggest that it is different trees that remind the poet of these two types of people . " however , winchell noted that this " series of fanciful analogies . . . could be presented in any order without affecting the overall structure of his poem . " = = publication and publication = = = = = publication = = = " trees " was first published in the august 1913 issue of poetry : a magazine of verse . the magazine , which had begun publishing the year before in chicago , illinois , quickly became the " principal organ for modern understanding of the english @ - @ literary world " publishing the early works of poets who became the major figures in the development of twentieth @ - @ english literature ( including t . s . eliot , ezra pound , h . d . , wallace stevens , robert frost and edna st . vincent millay ) . poetry paid kilmer five dollars to publish the poem , which he immediately accepted . the following year , kilmer included " trees " in his collection trees and other poems published by the george h . doran company . joyce kilmer ' s reputation as a poet is based largely on the widespread popularity of this one poem . " trees " was praised immediately upon first publication in poetry : a magazine of verse ; when trees and other poems was published the following year , the review of poetry commented on the " nursery rhyme " directness and simplicity of the poem , noting a particular childlike quality to " trees " , which gave it " an unusual , youthful poignancy " . however , the same review criticized the contents of the book , stating " much of the material in this volume is very bad indeed . " despite the widespread popular appeal of " trees " , many of joyce kilmer ' s works are largely forgotten and have fallen into oblivion . very very few of his poems , including " trees " , were published frequently in anthologies . " trees " began appearing in anthologies shortly after kilmer ' s 1918 death , the first one being louis armstrong '1 . american poetry ( 1919 ) . critic and author david forsyth , ranked the first two lines of " trees " as 31 out of 100 , in an index of the " most quoted lines of poetry " as measured by internet hits . = = = reader response = = = with " trees " , kilmer is said to have " rediscovered poetry " , and the combination of its message and imagery is a source of enduring popularity . in 1962 , english professor barbara garlitz recounted that her former students regarded the poem as " one of the best poems ever written , or at least a very good one " — even after its religious aspects were discussed — because of its simple message and that it " paints such lovely pictures " . the students pointed to " how beautiful the poem is " , and she pointed to both her students ' " positive attitude towards nature " and their appreciation of life , nature , nature , and nature because of its message that " the works of god completely overshadow our most vain attempts at beauty . " considering this fact , the enduring appeal of " trees " is demonstrated by its association with annual arbor day observances and the planting of many trees as well as the numerous parks named in honor of kilmer , including the joyce kilmer @ - @ slickrock wilderness and joyce kilmer memorial conservation area within the nantahala national forest in chatham county , north carolina . " trees " has been described by literary critic john davenport as " the one poem known by almost everybody . " according to journalist john hampson , " trees " was " memorized and recited by thousands of students . . . it comforted troops in the trenches of world war i . it was set to music and performed in plays , sung in coffee houses and church ##s , intoned at ceremonies every year on arbor day . " according to robert holliday , kilmer ' s friend and biographer , " trees " speaks " with a love to the heart of god . " holliday wrote that this " exquisite little poem , so well known made his reputation more than all the others he had ever put down " and it " made for immediate national popularity . " = = = critical reception = = = several critics — , both kilmer ' s contemporaries and later critics — have criticized kilmer ' s work for being too religious , simple , and sentimental , and suggested that his style was simply too traditional , even archaic . william conrad stevens , a contemporary of kilmer , described his work as " unori##ginal — merely " imitative with a sentimental bias " and " born out of the same old passions , the same old heartbreaks and old songs , ghostly traces of fragrances all too familiar . " eliot characterized kilmer as a " dabbler in the pretty and pretty " and " - @ - @ - clingers to the artificial and artificial . " kilmer is considered among the last of the romantic era poets because his work is straightforward and traditional in style and does not follow any of the formal rules of poetry — a rule often criticized today for being too sentimental to be taken seriously . the main body of kilmer ' s work was written between 1909 and 1918 when romanticism and sentimental ##ism ##ism fell out of fashion and modernism took root — , with the influence of the lost generation . in the years following kilmer ' s death , poetry went in drastically different directions , as was seen in the work of t . s . eliot and ezra pound , and new criticism broke with it to eschew the more sentimental and sentimental verse . the poem was criticized by cleanth brooks and robert penn warren in their book modern poetry , published in 1938 . brooks and warren were two of the major contributors to the new criticism movement , where its supporters advocated using literature as a surrogate for poetry . new criticism proponents analyzed poetry on its own formulae and excluded god ' s name , the poem ' s intention , historical and cultural contexts , and personal bias from their analysis . they attributed the popularity of trees largely to its religious appeal and said it was a " religious response that has nothing to do , as such , with religion , " adding : " it praises god and appeals to a religious sentiment . however , those who do not want to look at the poem itself , to study the images in the poem and think about what the poem itself says , are able to read the poem because of the pious imagery , the prettified english words ( which in themselves appeal to religious responses ) , and the simple rhythm . " literary critic john royden winchell wrote that brooks and warren ' s criticism of kilmer ' s poem was intended to demonstrate that " it is not possible to learn as much about poetry from bad books as from good ones . " = = refuted claims of inspiration = = due to the enduring popular popularity of " trees " , many local communities and individuals across the united states have staked their claim to the genesis of the poem . despite the claims of community members and of the firmly establish ma##hwah being the town where kilmer wrote the poem , several towns around the country have claimed that kilmer wrote " trees " while staying , or that a large tree in their woods inspired kilmer ' s writing . local tradition in swanzey , new hampshire asserts without proof that kilmer wrote the poem while staying in the town . montague , massachusetts claims that either " a large oak dominated the woods near the hospital where kilmer once was , " or " a large oak in the grounds of an old mansion , " inspired the poem . in new brunswick , new jersey , kilmer ' s hometown , the claim involved a large old oak on the cook university campus ( now the school of environmental and biological sciences ) , at rutgers university . this tree , the " kilmer oak " , was estimated to be over 100 years old . because trees had been weakened by age and disease , the kilmer oak was removed in 1963 , and in response by the new york times and other newspapers the local tradition was revived with the claim that " rutgers said they could not prove that kilmer had been inspired by the oak . " today , saplings from parts of the original tree are being planted at the university , in the middlesex valley and northern new jersey , as well as in various locations throughout the united states . the remains of the original kilmer oak are being kept in storage at rutgers university . because of kilmer ' s strong identification with roman catholicism and his correspondence with other writers and poets , a tree located in a grotto dedicated to the virgin mary at the university of notre dame in south bend , indiana has been asserted as the inspiration for the poem . according to dorothy corson , the claim was first made by a priest named henry kemper . there are several accounts that kilmer visited the university of notre dame to study and to visit friends , but none of these accounts or occasions date from 1914 . in his 1997 book of essays entitled the age of the imagination , american poet john irving suggests a different inspiration for kilmer ' s poem . " trees were powerful symbols for war , frost , and even the young man . . . . but kilmer had been thinking about trees in the context [ , ] the campaign to stop child labor and set up nursery schools in america . . . . margaret mcmillan . . . had the right thought that a breath of fresh air and an intimate acquaintance with grass and trees were worth all the books and pens in the public school . . . . . the english word forall equipment is ' machine . ' and in her book labour and progress ( 1907 ) you will find this sentence : ' trees can be made by machines , but only machines can make a tree . ' it appears that davenport may have misunderstood and erroneously paraphrased the sentiments expressed by mcmillan , as this exact sentence does not appear in her book . instead , mcmillan was making the observation that many nineteenth @ - @ century thinkers , including william james , william morris and thomas carlyle , opposed the effects of machinery on man and nature and thus eschewed machine @ - @ era items . davenport ' s comment itself was derived in some way from mcmillan ' s examination and quotation of carlyle : " he ( carlyle ) often makes comparisons between men and machines , and even men and machines , much to the disadvantage of the latter . for example , ' imagine , that we could overthrow the machine god and put the man god in his place ! ' and ' i have no proof of anything as impossible as this of a tree ! ! ! ! of the universe ! ' = = references and references = = = = = musical settings = = = several of kilmer ' s poems , including " trees " , were set to music and recorded in 1921 by kilmer ' s daughter , annie kilburn kilmer , who was a poet and amateur composer . the more recent musical setting of kilmer ' s poem was composed in 1922 by the pianist and composer george rasbach . this setting had been performed and recorded extensively in twentieth century , by ernestine schumann @ - @ heink , with danny kaye , nelson eddy , bob merrill , perry como , and paul robeson . rasbach ' s song appeared on several network television shows , including all in the family , performed by the puppets wayne and wanda in the muppet show , and in an animated feature segment featuring fred rogers and the kids singing the song in the 1948 short film melody time , the last of the short @ - @ animated anthology films produced by walt disney . rasbach ' s poem has also been used , most notably in the our gang short film " arbor day " ( 1936 ) , directed by fred c . newmeyer , in which alfalfa ( played by carl switzer ) , sings the poem in a whiny , nasal voice during the " woodsman , spare that bird " sequence with spanky ( jack mcfarland ) , singing " trees . " film critic leonard maltin has called this " the best' s a @ - @ time honored rendition . " on his album caught in the act , victor borge , when he sings , says to a member of the audience : " but i don ' t know that ' tree in the window ' . i know one that is pretty close to it , " and proceeds to sing the rasbach version of " trees . " dutch composer henk van der vliet , included his setting of " trees " as the first in a cycle of five songs written in 1977 , which included poems by dame christina butler , percy bysshe shelley , kilmer , alexander pope , and sir thomas more . = = = parodies = = = because of the many references to kilmer ' s poem and its unusual rhyme and meter , it has been the basis for several parodies written by humorists and poets alike . while familiar with kilmer ' s iambic verse style and the couplet rhyme scheme , and referring to the original poem ' s thematic material , such parodies were often more apparent , as is seen in " song of the open road " written by poet and humorist ogden nash : " i think that i shall never see / a tree lovely as a tree . / indeed , unless the trees move , / i ' ll never see a tree at all . " a similar sentiment is expressed in a 1968 episode of the animated series great expectations titled " the wrong lumber race " , where the villainous dick tracy cuts down a tree and uses it as a weapon against the other racers , declaring simply : " i think that i shall never see / a roadblock lovely as a tree . " later , benedictine monk , poet and prose writer thomas merton used kilmer ' s poem as a basis for a parody called " chee $ s " — with a dollar sign being substituted for the letter " s " — in which merton ridiculed the illegal sale of homemade drugs at his monastery , the abbey of gethsemani in rome . this poem was not published during merton ' s lifetime . merton also criticized the " commodification of monastic life and work for a profit " , arguing that it affected the well @ - @ nature of the spirit . in his poem , merton compares his parody to " the killer @ - @ diller . " like kilmer , merton was a graduate of columbia university and a member of its literary society , the philolexian society , which has sponsored the annual joyce kilmermemorial award poetry contest since 1986 . " trees " is recited at the end of each year ' s contest . kilmer ' s poem was recited in the 1980 film superman returns , as well as the 2006 director ' s cut . in the scene , scientist lex luthor ( played by gene hackman ) and others enter superman ' s fortress of solitude and come across a recording of an elder ( john hollis ) from new krypton reciting " trees " as an example of " poetry from earth literature " . luthor ridicules the poem .