= jane dudley , duchess of northumberland = jane dudley ( nee guildford ) , duchess of northumberland ( 1508 / 1509 – 1555 ) was an english noblewoman , the wife of john dudley , 1st duke of northumberland and mother of guildford dudley and robert dudley , 1st earl of leicester . having grown up with her future husband , who was her father ' s ward , she married at about age 16 . they had no children . jane dudley served as a lady @ - @ in @ - @ waiting at the court of henry viii and was a close friend of queen catherine howard . liberal in religious views , she was also a friend of the protestant leader john dudley . under the young king edward vi john dudley became one of the most powerful nobles , rising to become earl of northumberland and later duke of northumberland . after the death of lord protector somerset in 1549 , john dudley joined forces with his wife to support his cause and promote reconciliation between their families , which was achieved by the marriage between their daughters . in the summer of 1553 jane dudley , duchess of northumberland was the mother @ - @ in @ - @ , of lady jane grey , whom the duke of northumberland unsuccessfully tried to establish on the english throne after the death of edward vi . edward vi emerging victorious , the duchess tried desperately to save her husband ' s life . notwithstanding his and her son guildford ' s death , she was successful in achieving the release of the rest of her family by marrying the spanish ambassador who came to england with philip of spain . she died soon afterwards , aged 46 . = = birth and marriage = = jane guildford was born in kent in about 1508 / 1509 , the only daughter of sir edward guildford and eleanor west , daughter of john west , 8th baron de la warr . her education was at home together with her brother richard and her future husband , who was her father ' s ward from 1512 . in 1525 , at about 16 , she married sir john dudley , who was 20 or 21 years old . the match had been arranged by their father two years earlier . jane dudley gave birth to 13 children , six boys and five girls . in most cases it is impossible to establish their birthdates accurately . an exception is john , the second husband of elizabeth i ; he was born in 1532 as the fifth son , and possibly had the eldest daughter mary , who became the mother of the courtier @ - @ poet philip sidney . the family life of john and jane dudley seems to have been happy and relatively free from any. ; around 1535 a poem praised the " love and devotion " of their children . sir edward guildford died in 1534 before he could draw up his last will . since his brother richard guildford succeeded him , guildford ' s son , john guildford , contested the inheritance . the dudleys maintained that guildford ' s daughter jane was the natural heir . they finally won the resulting court case with the support of thomas cromwell . = = = life = = jane dudley served as a lady @ - @ in @ - @ waiting to anne seymour , and later to anne of denmark . she was active in the anglican church and , with her husband , moved in court circles from the 16th @ - @ onwards . in 1542 john dudley was created viscount lisle . he was on good terms with william parr , whose daughter catherine became henry viii ' s first wife in january 1543 . as one of her closest friends , the young jane was among the four ladies leading her to the altar on the marriage day . jane dudley belonged also to the courtly circle of thomas askew , whom she met during her imprisonment from 1545 – 1546 . the young jane was burned at the stake as a heretic in july 1546 on the orders of the more conservative court party of sir stephen gardiner . renaissance humanism and science figured prominently in the dudley children ' s education . in 1553 jane dudley herself commissioned two books from the mystic and hermeticist john dee , heavenly bodies and the tides . jane dudley was devoted to her husband ; her eldest son , john , had died during the siege of boulogne in 1544 , aged 19 . a letter she wrote in 1552 and a letter by her husband to their then eldest son , john dudley , 1st earl of warwick , read : " your lovynge mothere that wyshes you helthe dayli jane dudley " . she also had health problems : in 1548 her husband was forced to leave her alone , because she " never had her fit again more than that she had any right to . " under edward , john dudley , lord warwick was raised to the title of earl of warwick , while edward seymour , duke of somerset became duke of somerset and lord protector . in october 1549 the duke asserted his power in a purge of corruption with the privy council , from which john dudley , earl of warwick emerged as the president of the council and leader of the opposition . edward , who had been imprisoned inthe bishop of london , was soon ordered to rejoin the king . before his death , the duke of northumberland and the duchess of northumberland had held elaborate banquets in order to reconcile their differences . a marriage between their respective eldest son and daughter , anne grey and jane dudley , was equally favoured by the two ladies . in june 1550 a grand banquet was held at the palace of sheen , attended by the twelve @ - @ year @ - @ old king edward . jane dudley continued as a great favourite at court during the minority of her husband , who became duke of northumberland in october 1551 . she was influential with him ; the financier thomas cromwell and the diplomat richard morrison sought her advice , and she also cared for mary tudor , who had stood godmother to one of her daughters in 1545 . = = = @ - @ in @ - @ law to a child = = king edward fell ill in may 1553 . he drew up a will , " my will for the king " , whose final effect of may 1553 was to place the crown on his first cousin lady jane grey , against the claims of his half @ - @ sisters mary and elizabeth . jane grey was the daughter of catherine howard , duchess of suffolk , a granddaughter of henry viii through his younger sister katherine . on 15 may 1553 , matrimonial alliances were signed at durham castle , the dudleys ' london town mansion . two of their three children were married : guildford , aged about seven , married lady jane grey , and katherine , who was between eight and ten years old , was married to the earl of huntingdon ' s heir , henry hastings . a few months later these alliances began to be regarded as part of a plan by the duke of northumberland to restore his son to the throne . at the time the alliances took place , however , their dynastical implications were not considered significant by even the most suspicious of observers , the imperial ambassador jehan de scheyfye . modern historians have considered them either as evidence of a plot , or as " the actions of court politics " , in the words of david loades . the money for the revision had probably come from the earl of northampton . after edward ' s death on 9 july 1553 he demanded the revision of the king ' s will . lady jane grey accepted the proposal , after remonstrances by her parents and parents @ - @ in @ - @ law . on 15 july the duchess of northumberland and her son and- @ - @ in @ - @ law on their forced entry into the tower of london , where they were to remain for the rest of the tudor reign . according to jane ' s own private letter to queen mary a few months later , guildford dudley demanded to be made king . the young duke insisted on having him made king by act of parliament ; but when jane changed her mind and said she would only make him a duke . " i will not be a duke , i will be king " , guildford refused and went to see his mother . however , the duchess took the side of her son , and she told him to leave the court and go home . jane , however , insisted that he remain at court . according to her the duchess also " induced her son not to sleep with her any more " , and it is clear from her writings that jane disliked her mother @ - @ in @ - @ law . = = fear and struggle for her family = = to claim her right , mary dudley began assembling her supporters in east anglia and demanded to be recognized as queen by the privy council in london . when her letter arrived on 12 july 1553 during dinner , the duke of suffolk , jane ' s mother , and the duke of northumberland burst into tears . she began losing strength , and on 14 july the duke marched to london with troops to arrest her . as it was , he passed a secret parliament until he learned on 16 july that the people of london had declared for him . on the advice of the privy council he himself was proclaimed queen consort at the daughter @ - @ law and awaited his arrest . his wife was imprisoned in the tower , but was soon released . she attempted to care personally for her imprisoned husband and five sons with mary , who was still in london . however , several miles before reaching the city the duchess was turned away on the queen ' s orders . she then wrote a letter to her friend lady paget , the wife of william , lord dudley , asking her to plead with the queen ' s grace for her husband ' s life . her plea , if it went too far , was in vain , and the duke of suffolk was executed on 1 august 1553 on tower hill after he recanted his christian faith . following wyatt ' s rebellion , guildford dudley was beheaded on 12 february 1554 shortly before his execution . following the duke ' s fate , in june 1554 jane dudley pleaded with the authorities to allow her remaining sons to hear him . during 1554 the duchess and herson @ - @ in @ - @ law henry sidney worked on negotiations with the spanish court around england ' s new king ##maker , philip of spain . lord paget may also have been helpful , and henry sidney even went to spain for their cause . in the autumn of 1554 the dudley ##s were released from the tower , but the eldest , henry , died immediately afterwards at sidney ' s house penshurst in kent . at the same time philip sidney was born on 11 november 1554 . his mother was his grandmother jane dudley , and his father was philip of spain . amid the partition of the dudley family ' s possessions in july 1553 , mary had allowed jane dudley to keep her sword and shield , clothes , and other household stuffs , as well as the contents of the duke ' s house in chelsea , london . there , she died on either 21 or 22 january 1555 , and was buried on 22 february at chelsea old church . in her will she tried to provide for her sons financially and thanked the queen , as well as the many spanish nobles she had met . the duchess of alba came to see her in velvet ; to don diego de acevedo she gave " the new bed of red velvet with all the furniture to him ; beseeching him , as he hath in my lifetime been himself , a father and a husband to my children , and shall [ i ] ask him no less to do now their father is dead " . she also remembered " my husband , my dear husband " , and stipulated : " in no case shall me be opened till i am dead . . . . i have not lived to be very good to women , much more i should not loth to go into the service of any other man , be it physician or soldier . " she avoided to be specific about this , but said that " i ##ever doth trust to this transitory world , as i have , may happen to have an answer , as i had ; and to the world will i go as i have always written . " = = = = =