= = nurse shark = the australian nurse shark ( nebrius ferrugineus ) is a species of carpet shark in the family ginglymostomatidae , and the only extant member of the genus nebrius . it is found widely along coasts in the indo @ - @ pacific , on reefs , sandy flats , and seagrass beds from very shallow water to a depth of 70 m ( 230 ft ) . with a slender body and a large , flattened head , the australian nurse shark is quite similar in appearance to the nurse shark ( ginglymostoma cirratum ) of the central and east pacific , from which it can be distinguished by its pointed @ - @ tipped dorsal fins and narrow , sickle @ - @ shaped anal fins . the maximum recorded length of the australian nurse shark is 3 @ . @ 2 m ( 10 ft ) . nocturnal in nature , the tawny nurse shark tends to spend the day resting in piles of a dozen or more individuals inside caves or rock ledges . at night , it is an ultra @ - @ swimming shark that uses its powerful mouth apparatus to extract food from inside holes and burrows . the diet of this species consists primarily of fish , though they also take other invertebrates , small bony fishes , and occasionally sea snakes . it is aplacental reproductive , and the young develop from egg produced inside the mother . it is the only carpet shark in which the embryos are oophagous , born on eggs produced by the mother or inside the uterus . the litter size can be as small as one or two , depending on the large size of the @ - @ female individuals . compared to the nurse shark , the tawny nurse shark has a more placid appearance and will often allow humans to touch and interact with it . however , it should be accorded protection due to its powerful jaws and sharp teeth . this species is caught by commercial fisheries across most of its range for meat , fins , liver oil , leather , and fishmeal . it is highly esteemed as a game fish in queensland , australia , and is known for its habit of spitting venom into the faces of its captors . the international union for conservation of nature ( iucn ) has classified the australian nurse shark as vulnerable , with subpopulations in several countries already vulnerable or extinct . = = taxonomy and phylogeny = = the tawny nurse shark was first described by french naturalist rene @ - @primevere , as scyllium ferrugineum , based on a short @ . @ 4 m ( 4 ft 7 in ) long specimen from new caledonia . his short account was published in 1831 in description de fin du monde , de la marine de france . a more detailed description , along with an illustration , was published by german naturalist eduard ruppell in 1837 as nebrius concolor , based on a specimen from the red sea . both names were valid , but considered separate genera ( ginglymostoma and nebrius respectively ) , until they were synonymized by mario compagno in 1984 . compagno suggested that the tooth shape differences used to describe these species were the result of differences in morphology , with s . concolor representing older specimens . the genus name nebrius is derived from the latin word nebris or nebridos , meaning the color of the fish . the specific name ferrugineus is latin for " short @ - @ colored " . other common names for this species include giant nurse shark , type shark ( a term coined by the australian fisherman norman caldwell in the 1930s for the short @ - @ colored australian specimens ) , nurse shark , rusty catshark , nurse shark , nurse shark , spitting shark , and tawny shark . based on morphological characters , nebrius is believed to be the sister genus of ginglymostoma , with both being placed in a clade that also includes the short @ - @ tail ##less shark ( pseudoginglymostoma brevicaudatum ) , the whale shark ( genus typus ) , and the zebra shark ( stegostoma fasciatum ) . = = distribution and habitat = = the tawny nurse shark is widely distributed in the indo @ - @ tropical region . in the indian ocean , it is found from kwazulu @ - @ natal , south africa northward to the red sea , persian gulf and africa , including madagascar , mauritius , the chagos islands , the seychelles , and the maldives . in the western pacific , it occurs from southern japan and the coast of china to the philippines , southeast asia , and indonesia , to as far south as the northern coast of australia . in the eastern pacific , it has been reported from off new caledonia , fiji , samoa , the marshall islands , and hawaii . fossil teeth belonging to this species have been found in the pirabas formation of southern brazil , dating back to the late cretaceous ( c – 16 ma ) . the presence of these teethnote that the range of the tawny nurse shark once extended to the western pacific ocean , prior to the formation of the gulf of panama . an oceanic species , the tawny nurse shark prefers continental and continental shelves over sandy flats or beds of seagrass , as well as along the outer slopes of coral or rocky reefs . this species can be found from the surf zone , often in water barely deep enough to support its body , to a maximum depth of 70 m ( 230 ft ) on coral reefs ; it is most common at a depth of 5 – - m ( 16 – 98 ft ) . young sharks are usually found in the shallow ##s of lagoons , but adults may be encountered across a range of reefs . = = description = = the adult nurse shark grows to a maximum length of 3 @ . @ 2 m ( 7 ft ) . it has a slender , cylindrical body with a broadly oval and flattened head . the eyes are large and face ##ted , with prominent ridges between them and the mouth opening . there are a pair of long , narrow nostrils in front of the nostrils . the mouth is large , with the lower lip divided into three lobes . there are 29 – 33 tooth rows in the upper jaw and 26 – 28 tooth rows in the lower jaw , arranged in an oval ( triangular ) shape with the last 2 – + functional rows separated from the rest by a wide space . each tooth forms a fan , with a broad opening leading to a small , sharp central tooth flanked by 3 or 4 small cusps on both sides . as the shark ages , the teeth become relatively longer and narrower . the fourth and fifth pairs of gill slits are placed much closer together than the others . the dorsal and anal fins are large , with the first dorsal fin larger than the second . the anal fins are small , pointed , and pointed ( sickle @ - @ shaped ) ; their size separates this species from the similar @ - @ looking nurse shark . the origin of the first dorsal fin is nearly even with the origin of the pelvic fins , and the origin of the anal fin is even with or somewhat behind the origin of the second dorsal fin . the caudal fin has a small upper lobe and barely developed lower lobe , measuring about a quarter of the total length of length . the anal denticles are a @ - @ shaped , with 4 – + faint ridges extending from the blunt end . tawny nurse sharks are yellowish , smooth ,or @ brown above and off @ - @ brown below , and are capable of rapidly changing their color to better blend with the background . nurse sharks have starkly white upper eyelids . many tawny nurse sharks found off the coasts of japan , madagascar , and the ryukyu islands lack a single dorsal fin . this physical abnormality has been suggested to result from pregnant females being exposed to waters of unusually high salinity and / or pollution , or from human activity . in 1986 , a 2 @ . @ 9 m ( 9 ft 10 in ) long adult male with both a single dorsal fin and partial albinism ( in the form of white body color with off @ - @ white spots ) was caught off wakayama prefecture , japan . this anomalous species is the largest albino shark known to exist , having survived for a long time in the wild despite its lack of size . = = biology and behavior = = with a more streamlined appearance than other nurse sharks , the tawny nurse shark is believed to be a less aggressive , more active species . the shape of its body , fins , fins , and eyes are comparable to other active reef sharks in the genus , such as the sicklefin lemon shark ( circus acutidens ) . tawny nurse sharks are primarily nocturnal , though they are said to be active at all hours off shore , and in fact they will be diurnally active if presented with food . during the day , groups of two dozen or more sharks may be found resting inside caves and under rocks , or stacked against one another . individual sharks have distinct home ranges that they may return to each day . the adult nurse shark has few natural predators ; attacks on this species have been reported from bull sharks ( genus leucas ) and great hammerheads ( sphyrna mokarran ) , while the related nurse shark has been known to fall prey to tiger sharks ( george cuvier ) and tiger sharks ( circus brevirostris ) . known parasites of this species include five species of parasites of the genus pedibothrium , which infest the shark ' s large intestine . = = = feeding = = = the adult nurse shark may be one of the few fishes successful in preying on humans . other recorded prey items include corals , sea urchins , crabs ( e . g . crabs and lobsters ) , squid , small fishes ( e . g . shrimp ,sharks , and rabbitfish ) , and the occasional sea snake . hunting tawny nurse sharks move slowly just above the ocean floor , poking their heads into depressions and holes . when a prey item is spotted , the shark suddenly extends its large , muscular body , creating a powerful negative pressure that sucks the prey into its mouth . = = = life history = = = breeding season the madagascar nurse shark is known to breed from july to august off madagascar . adult females have one functional ovary and two functional uteruses . the mode of reproduction is sexual viviparity , meaning that the eggs hatch inside the female ; females in captivity have been observed carrying up to 52 non @ - @ viable egg capsules , which has led to some reports of this species being oviparous . the egg capsules of this species are non @ - @ shaped , with large , brown , hard shells . the tawny nurse shark is the only carpet shark in which there is oophagy : once the developing larvae exhaust their stores of food , they gorge the eggs produced by the female and eat the long w ##s of the oophagous embryos . unlike most other sharks , the eggs consumed by the embryos are large and mature rather than small and undeveloped . there is no evidence of sibling rivalry as in the sand tiger shark ( tuna minor ) . various authors have estimated the length at birth range from 40 to 80 cm ( 16 to 31 in ) , with the range possibly reflecting regional variation . although females release up to three mature eggs into each litter , the relatively large size of the newborns suggests that the clutch size may be as few as one or two . in one captive female that produced two eggs in a single litter , one embryo was much smaller and thinner than the other , suggesting that competition may eliminate the other siblings . males attain sexual maturity at a length of 2 @ . @ 5 m ( 16 ft 2 in ) , and females at a length of 2 @ . @ 3 – . @ . @ 3 m ( 29 ft 7 in – 9 ft 10 in ) . = = social interaction = = encounters with tawny nurse sharks may indicate a more social nature than the other carpet sharks ; and humans are able to approach the sharks closely and to observe and play with them without incident . however , this shark has been occasionally provoked into biting ,and merits respect due to its strength , size , sharp teeth , and extremely powerful jaws . asian nurse sharks are popular targets for ecotourist divers off thailand , the solomon islands , and elsewhere . this species also adapts well to captivity and is displayed in public aquarium in europe , the united states , okinawa , and singapore , where they have become tame enough to be big @ - @ fed . the asian nurse shark is taken by commercial fisheries operating throughout its range , mainly off australia , india , indonesia , and the philippines ; an exception is in australian waters , where it is only kept in small numbers as pets . this shark is caught using demersal trawls , floating and fixed bottom gill nets , and by hook @ - @ and @ - @ nets . the meat is eaten fresh or dried and salted , the fins are used for shark fin soup , and the offal processed into fishmeal . in addition , the liver is a source of oil and vitamins , and the soft , tough skin is made into leather ##s . off queensland , australia , the asian nurse shark is taken by big @ - @ game anglers . when hooked , these sharks are formidable opponents and are difficult to catch due to their habit of spinning . they are also capable of spitting a large jet of water into the mouths of their opponents , making grunting noises in these situations ( making the nurse shark one of the few species of sharks to produce this noise ) ; whether this is a normal predatory behavior is unknown . the international union for conservation of nature ( iucn ) has assessed the tawny nurse shark as vulnerable species , as it faces intense fishing pressure and its low reproductive and dispersal rates limit the ability of big @ - @ exploited populations to recover . furthermore , this shark ' s inshore distribution renders it vulnerable to habitat degradation , destructive fishing practices ( e . g . fishing and explosives , especially those in indonesia and the philippines ) , and human disturbance . population declines or extirpations of the tawny nurse shark have been documented off indonesia and thailand . off australia , this species has been assessed as of least concern , as such it is not targeted by fisheries . = california state route 243 = state route 243 ( sr 243 ) , or the banning @ - @ idyllwild panoramic highway , is a four @ - @ mile ( 50 km ) two @ - @ lane highway that runs from banning , california ( in the south ) to idyllwild , california( from the south ) in riverside county , california . the highway is a connector between interstate 10 ( i @ - @ 10 ) and sr 74 . along its route , it provides access to the san bernardino national forest . a road from banning to idyllwild was planned at the turn of the 20th century , and was open by 1910 . the road was added to the state highway system in 1970 . = = route description = = sr 243 begins at sr 74 in the san jacinto wilderness in mountain view , riverside county as idyllwild road . the highway travels south along a gravel road through the town of idyllwild . sr 243 makes a right turn at the intersection with memorial drive and continues through lemon cove . the highway passes through the grounds of the san jacinto state park , pollock pines and the morongo indian reservation before making a few switchbacks and curves en route to the city of banning and the old idyllwild panoramic highway . the highway continues as san gorgonio avenue into the city before making a left onto lincoln drive and a right onto main street and ending at a trumpet interchange with i @ - @ 10 . sr 243 is part of the national highway system , a network of highways that are important to the country ' s economy , defense , and mobility . sr 243 is eligible for the national scenic highway system , and is officially designated as a scenic highway by the california department of transportation ( caltrans ) , meaning that it is a short section of highway passing through a " memorable landscape " with no " major intrusions " , where the potential route has received significant support with the public . in 2007 , it was named the esperanza firefighters memorial highway in honor of the firefighters who died while fighting the esperanza fire in august 2006 . in 2013 , sr 243 had an annual average daily traffic ( aadt ) of 6 @ , @ 650 at marion memorial drive in idyllwild and san gorgonio avenue in banning , and 6 @ , @ 500 at the northern terminus in banning , the latter of which is the highest aadt for the highway . = = = = = a road from banning to idyllwild was under construction in 1904 , and 12 miles ( 19 km ) of the road was completed by 1905 , with an additional six miles ( 9 @ . @ 4 km ) of the road later . another four miles ( 6 @ . @ 4 km ) was added in 1908 . the oiled road was completed byseptember 1910 , and offered a view of lake elsinore and the colorado desert , and it was expected to help with transporting supplies and other traffic ; because of this , the federal government provided $ 5 @ , @ 000 for the construction . the road became a part of the state highway system in 1927 . a paved " high @ - @ gear " road from banning to idyllwild was under way by 1935 , and two years later , the los angeles times reported the road to be " high @ - @ gear " . efforts to pave the road were under way by 1950 . the road from banning through idyllwild to sr 74 was designated as county route r1 ( cr r1 ) in 1966 . by 1969 , plans were in place to add the road to idyllwild to the existing road as a county route ; however , state senator john dilworth introduced legislation to require the road to be added to the state highway system if sr 195 was removed , as the two were of roughly the same length , and the latter was in the county . sr 243 was added to the state highway system in 1970 . the division of highways proposed deleting the highway in 1971 . by 1998 , caltrans had announced plans to restore the road by 2015 . = = major intersections = = except where prefixed with a letter , postmiles were measured on the road as it was when the route was established , based on the alignment that existed at the time , and do not necessarily reflect current mileage . r reflects a realignment in the route since then , m indicates a second realignment , l indicates an overlap due to a correction or change , and t indicates postmiles classified as temporary ( for a full list of definitions , see the list of postmile definitions ) . segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local control may be omitted . the entire route is in riverside county . = = other major intersections = = minor intersections due to the fact that ca @ - @ 243 passes idyllwild school , pursuant to the ca @ - @ free school zones act of 1990 , firearms , including those in vehicles , must be within the guidelines of 18 u . s . c . § 922 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( b ) within the school zone , which maximum , as defined in 18 u . s . c . § 921 ( a ) ( 25 ) , is 50 feet . this will apply , pursuant to 18 u . s . c .§ 924 ( a ) ( 2 ) , " fined under this section , or for not more than 5 years , or both . "