= radius of jupiter = the exploration of jupiter has been accomplished via direct observations by automated spacecraft . it began with the arrival of pioneer 10 into the jovian system in 1973 , and , as of 2016 , has continued with eight further manned missions . all of these missions were undertaken by the national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) , and all but two have been flybys that take detailed measurements without the probe landing or entering orbit . these missions make jupiter the most visited of the solar system ' s outer planets . all missions to the outer solar system have used jupiter flybys to measure fuel consumption and transit time . on 1 july 2016 , spacecraft successfully entered and entered the planet ' s orbit — the second spacecraft ever to do so . sending a probe to jupiter faced many technical difficulties , mainly due to the probes ' large fuel requirements and the effects of the planet ' s harsh radiation environment . the first spacecraft to visit jupiter was pioneer 10 in 1973 , followed a year later by pioneer 11 . aside from taking the first 5 @ - @ up ##take of the planet , the probes discovered its magnetosphere and its largely intact atmosphere . the voyager 1 and voyager 2 probes visited the planet in 1979 , and studied its moons and the ring system , including the volcanic eruption of io and the presence of water ice on the surface of jupiter . voyager 3 studied jupiter ' s atmosphere in 1992 and then again in 2000 . the cassini probe visited the planet in 2000 and took very detailed measurements of its surface . the new horizons spacecraft passed by jupiter in 2007 and made detailed measurements of jupiter and its satellites ' parameters . the galileo spacecraft was the first to successfully enter orbit around jupiter , launching in 1995 and studying the planet until 2003 . during this period galileo collected a large amount of data about the solar system , making close approaches to all of the four inner jupiter moons and finding evidence for thin ice on three of them , as well as the possibility of liquid water on their surfaces . it also discovered a magnetic field around ganymede . as it approached jupiter , it also observed the passage of comet shoemaker – / 9 . in december 1995 , it sent an unmanned probe into the jupiter system , so becoming the only craft to do so . in july 2016 , the juice spacecraft , launched in 2011 , completed its first insertion mission successfully , and is now in orbit around jupiter and preparing for its science programme . the european space agency launched the l1 @ - @ class juice mission in 2012 as part of its cosmic vision program toexplore one of jupiter ' s four moons , with a possible juice mission proposed by roscosmos . juice is expected to be launched in 2022 . = = technical requirements = = missions from jupiter to other planets in the solar system have a high energy cost . it takes roughly the same amount of energy for a spacecraft to reach jupiter from earth ' s orbit as it required to lift it into orbit in the first place . in astrodynamics , this energy cost is measured by the net change in the spacecraft ' s velocity , or delta @ - @ v . the energy required to reach jupiter from an earth orbit requires a delta @ - @ v of about 10 km / s , compared to the 9 @ . @ 0 – 9 @ . @ 1 km / s to reach a low earth orbit from the ground . gravity assist on planetary flybys ( such as by venus or mars ) can be used to reduce the energy requirement ( i . e . the cost ) at launch , at the cost of a much longer flight time to reach a target such as jupiter when compared to the original mission . ion engines capable of a delta @ - @ v of more than 10 km / s were used on the dawn spacecraft . this is more than the delta @ - @ v to do a jupiter fly @ - @ v mission from a solar system of the same radius as that of earth without gravity assist . a major problem in sending space probes to jupiter is that the planet has no solid surface on which to land , and there is no smooth transition between the planet ' s surface and its rocky core . any probes launched into the atmosphere are easily crushed by the immense gravity of jupiter . another major problem is the level of radiation to which a space probe is subjected , due to the harsh charged @ - @ particle environment of jupiter ( for a detailed explanation see gravity of jupiter ) . for example , when pioneer 11 made its closest approach to the planet , the level of radiation was several times more intense than pioneer ' s designers had anticipated , leading to fears that the probes would not survive . with a few minor modifications , the probe managed to pass through the asteroid belt , but it lost track of the image of the planet itself , as the radiation levels caused galileo ' s # photo ##meter to receive no images . the subsequent and much more technically advanced voyager spacecraft had to be modified to cope with the radiation levels . during the three days the galileo spacecraft orbited the planet , the probe ' s radiationit far exceeded its design limits , and its systems failed on several occasions . the spacecraft ' s instruments often had poor sensitivity , and electrical interference often occurred between the rotating and non @ - @ rotation axes , causing it to enter safe mode , which led to total loss of the spacecraft from the 16th , 25th and 26th orbits . the radiation also caused phase shifts in jupiter ' s non @ - @ rotating quartz oscillator . = = flyby missions = = = = = voyager program ( 1973 and 1974 ) = = = the first spacecraft to photograph jupiter was pioneer 10 , which flew past the planet in october 1973 , followed by pioneer 11 twelve months later . pioneer 10 obtained the first @ - @ and close @ - @ up images of jupiter and its many moons ; the spacecraft studied the planet ' s atmosphere , detected its magnetic field , observed its radiation , and determined that it was mainly fluid . pioneer 11 made its closest approach , within about 34 @ , @ 000 km of jupiter ' s cloud tops , on july 9 , 1974 . it obtained dramatic images of the great red spot , made the first observation of jupiter ' s immense polar caps , and determined the mass of jupiter ' s moon callisto . the information gathered by these three missions helped astronomers and engineers in the design of future probes to cope more effectively with the environment around the giant planet . = = = voyager program ( 1979 ) = = = voyager 1 began observing jupiter in january 1979 and made its closest approach on march 31 , 1979 , at a distance of 349 @ , @ 000 km from jupiter ' s surface . this closer approach allowed for greater spatial resolution , though the flyby ' s short duration meant that no observations of jupiter ' s surface , atmosphere , magnetic field , and radiation environment were made during the 12 @ - @ hour period bracketing the approach , even though voyager 1 continued observing the planet until december . it was soon followed by voyager 2 , which made its closest approach on july 9 , 1979 , 576 @ , @ 000 km away from the planet ' s cloud tops . the probe discovered jupiter ' s ring , observed chemical processes in its atmosphere , observed active volcanoes on io , a phenomenon analogous to plate ##ning on ganymede , and discovered life on callisto . the 4 ##s vastly expanded our understanding of the giant moons , and also discovered jupiter ' s rings . they also obtained the first close @ - @ up images of the planet ' s atmosphere , including the great red spotas a dust storm moving in a 1 @ - @ clockwise direction . other smaller explosions and eruptions were found throughout the banded clouds ( see image on the right ) . two new , small moons , adrastea and metis , were discovered orbiting just outside the ring , making them the first of jupiter ' s moons to be discovered by a spacecraft . a third new moon , thebe , was discovered between the moons of amalthea and io . the discovery of volcanic activity on the moon io was the most significant discovery of the mission , as it was the first time an active volcano was observed on a planetary body other than earth . together , the voyagers discovered the presence of several volcanoes on io , as well as evidence for other events occurring between the voyager encounters . europa displayed a large number of distinct linear features in the low @ - @ resolution photos from voyager 1 . at first , scientists believed the features to be geological cracks , caused by crustal rifting and tectonic processes . the high @ - @ resolution photos from voyager 2 , taken closer to jupiter , left scientists puzzled because the features in these photos were almost entirely covered in topographic relief . this led many to believe that these features may be similar to ice caps on io , and that europa may have a liquid water atmosphere . europa may be internally cooling due to solar heating at a level about 1 @ - @ times that of io , and as a result , the moon is thought to have a continental crust more than 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) thick of water ice , possibly based on a 50 @ - @ . @ - @ deep ( 100 mile ) ocean . = = = ulysses ( 1992 ) = = = on december 15 , 1992 , the ulysses solar probe flew past jupiter ' s north pole at a distance of 451 @ , @ 000 km . this 50 @ - @ circular maneuver was enough for ulysses to enter a very high @ - @ circular orbit around the sun , increasing its inclination to the sun to 50 @ . @ 2 degrees . the giant planet ' s gravity bent the probe ' s flightpath downward and away from the equatorial plane , forcing it into its final orbit between the earth ' s north and south poles . the size and shape of the planet ' s orbit were adjusted to a much smaller radius , so that its aphelion remained at approximately 10 au ( earth ' s distance from the sun ) , while its perihelion was somewhat beyond 10 au ( earth ' s distance from the sun ) . during its final orbit , theprobe made observations of the planet ' s magnetosphere . since the probe had no cameras , no images were taken . in february 2004 , the probe flew again at the vicinity of jupiter . this time the distance from the planet was much less — than 240 ##0 km — and it made no observations of jupiter . = = = cassini ( 2000 ) = = = in 2000 , the cassini probe , en route to saturn , flew by jupiter and captured some of the highest @ - @ resolution images ever taken of the planet . it made its closest approach on december 30 , 2000 , and made several important discoveries . about 26 @ , @ 000 images of jupiter were taken during the months @ - @ 000 flyby . it produced the most detailed single camera images of jupiter ever , in which the smallest visible spots are approximately 60 km ( 37 mi ) apart . a major finding of the flyby , announced on december 6 , 2003 , was of jupiter ' s atmospheric circulation . dark zones alternate with dark belts in the sky , and the zones , with their dark interiors , had previously been thought by scientists to be areas of upwelling clouds , possibly because on earth they tend to be covered by dry clouds . analysis of cassini imagery showed that the dark belts contain large storm cells of upwelling net @ - @ white clouds , too dark to see from earth . anthony del genio of nasa ' s goddard institute for space studies said that " the belts must be the areas of high @ - @ rising atmospheric clouds on jupiter , [ because ] the net motion of the zones has to be known " . the atmospheric observations included a swirling dark mass of high atmospheric @ - @ haze , about the size of the largest red hole , near jupiter ' s north pole . the images revealed aspects of gravity near the poles , with bands of globe @ - @ around jupiter , and adjacent bands traveling in opposite directions . the discovery team also studied the nature of jupiter ' s rings . light emission from particles in the rings suggested the particles were oval shaped ( rather than spherical ) and likely originated as ejecta from asteroid impacts on jupiter ' s moons , particularly on europa and adrastea . on december 30 , 2000 , the cassini probe captured a very @ - @ low @ - @ resolution image of the planet himalia , but it was too dark to reveal any significant features . = = = new horizons ( 2007 ) = = = the new horizons probe , en route to pluto , flew by jupiter for a gravity assist and athe first probe launched directly towards jupiter since the io in 1990 . the long baseline reconnaissance imager ( lorri ) took its first image of jupiter on november 4 , 2006 . the spacecraft began its study of the jovian system in december 2006 , and made its closest approach on february 1 , 2007 . although close to jupiter , new horizons ' cameras made accurate measurements of the positions of jupiter ' s inner moons , including amalthea . the spacecraft ' s cameras observed stars on jupiter , studied all the outer moons in detail , and made long @ - @ distance measurements of the inner moons himalia and elara . the craft also studied jupiter ' s little red spot and the planet ' s magnetosphere and outer ring system . on march 31 , 2007 the camera and data handling system experienced an uncorrectable memory error and rebooted itself , causing the spacecraft to go into eva mode . the craft was destroyed within two days , with some data loss from jupiter ' s magnetotail . no other data or events were associated with the encounter . due to the large size of the jupiter system and the relative closeness of the jupiter system to earth in comparison to the proximity of pluto to earth , new horizons will send back more data to jupiter from the jupiter encounter than the io mission . = = orbiter missions = = = = = galileo ( 1995 – 2003 ) = = = the first spacecraft to visit jupiter was the galileo orbiter , which went into orbit around jupiter on december 1 , 1995 . it studied the planet for nearly eight years , making five orbits before it was destroyed during a direct impact with jupiter on december 21 , 2003 . during this period , galileo collected a large amount of information about the jovian system ; the amount of data was not as great as intended because the deployment of its high @ - @ gain infrared telescope had failed . the major events during the first @ - @ galileo mission included direct flybys of two of the galilean moons , as well as amalthea ( the first spacecraft to do so ) . it also witnessed the impact of comet levy – levy 9 as it approached jupiter in 1994 and the entry of an unmanned probe into the jupiter atmosphere in december 1995 . observers aboard the galileo spacecraft observed fragments of comet levy – levy 9 on 20 and 23 december 1994 when they collided with jupiter ' s southern hemisphere at a speed of approximately 10 kilometres per second . this was the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial body of solar system origin . while the spacecraft took place onthe satellite of jupiter ##thest from earth , galileo , located at a distance of 1 @ . @ 000 au from the sun , was able to see the impacts as they occurred . its instruments detected a explosion that reached a peak temperature of about 24 @ , @ 000 k , compared to the typical earth cloudtop temperature of about 130 k ( − 143 ° c ) , with the plume from the explosion reaching a height of over 1 @ , @ 000 km . an atmospheric probe was released from the spacecraft in november 1995 , entering the planet ' s atmosphere on december 1 , 1995 . after a high @ - @ g descent into the upper atmosphere , the probe discarded the remains of its heat shield , and then parachuted through 150 km of the atmosphere , collecting data for 1 @ . @ 6 minutes , before being overwhelmed by the pressure and temperature to which it was exposed ( about 10 times earth gravity , at a temperature of 153 ° c ) . it would have melted first , and then vaporized . the galileo probe itself experienced a more extreme version of the same fate when it was deliberately crashed into the atmosphere on july 21 , 2003 at a speed of over 100 km / s , in order to avoid any risk of it crashing into and damaging io . the scientific results of the galileo mission include : the first detection of ammonia clouds in a planet ' s atmosphere — the atmosphere contains small ice particles from material coming up from lower layers ; observation of extensive volcanic activity on io — which is 100 times greater than that found on earth ; the temperature and pressure of eruptions are characteristic of early earth ; observation of intense plasma interactions in europa ' s atmosphere which create immense plasma currents that extend to jupiter ' s atmosphere ; experimental evidence for supporting the hypothesis that water clouds exist under europa ' s upper surface ; first detection of a substantial magnetic field around a planet ( jupiter ) ; magnetic field evidence suggesting that europa , ganymede and callisto have a liquid @ - @ bound layer under the martian surface ; evidence for a solid outer layer on europa , ganymede , and io known as the ' liquid @ - @ bound exosphere ' ; observation of the formation of the rings of jupiter ( by dust kicked up by large meteoroids which smash into the planet ' s two large inner moons ) and formation of two outer rings and the possibility of a separate ring on amalthea ' s surface ; understanding of the internal structure and dynamics of a giant planet ' s magnetosphere . on december 7 , 2013 , galileo reported, based on results from the juno mission , the presence of " clay @ - @ - minerals " ( clay , phyllosilicates ) , possibly associated with radioactive materials , on the icy crust of europa , north of jupiter . the formation of the minerals may have been the result of a collision with an asteroid or comet according to the results . = = = juno ( 2016 ) = = = esa selected juno on august 5 , 2011 to study jupiter in detail from a polar orbit when it launched in 2016 . the spacecraft will be placed in a polar orbit to study the planet ' s atmosphere , gravitational field , magnetic field , and the magnetosphere . juno will also search for information on how jupiter forms , including whether the planet has a solid core , the amount of water present in the martian atmosphere , and how the mass is distributed within the atmosphere . juno will also study jupiter ' s mantle convection , which can reach speeds of 600 km / h . juno began orbiting jupiter on the morning of 4th march 2016 . = = = jupiter icy moon explorer ( 2022 ) = = = esa ' s jupiter icy moon explorer ( juice ) has been selected as part of esa ' s cosmic vision mission program . it is set to launch in 2022 and , after a series of flybys of the inner solar system , arrive in 2030 . in 2012 , the european space agency ' s selected the jupiter icy moon explorer ( juice ) as the first european mission , replacing the predecessor to ejsm , the jupiter ganymede orbiter ( jgo ) . the funding for the europa jupiter system mission has since ended , but nasa will continue to support the europa mission with hardware and an instrument . = = cancelled missions = = the europa mission is a mission proposed to nasa to focus on studying jupiter ' s moon system . in march 2013 , plans were announced for " pre @ - @ formulation and / or formulation ##s for a mission that meets the mission goals outlined for the jupiter europa mission in the most recent planetary decadal survey " . the europa mission would be set to launch in the early 2020s and visit jupiter in a pre @ . @ 5 year period . the spacecraft would fly around the moon several times to minimize environmental damage . = = = canceled missions = = = because of the possibility of subsurface liquid oceans on jupiter ' s moons europa , ganymede and io , there has been renewed interest in studying the outer moons in detail . funding difficulties have delayed progress . the europa orbiter was originally proposed nasa mission tomission , which was canceled in 2002 . its primary objectives included determining the presence or absence of a subsurface ocean and identifying candidate sites for future lander missions . esa ' s jimo ( jupiter outer moons observatory ) , which was canceled in 2005 , and a european jovian europa system mission were also studied , but were replaced by the europa jupiter system mission . the europa jupiter system mission ( ejsm ) is a joint nasa / esa proposal for exploration of jupiter and its moons . in february 2009 it was announced that both space agencies had given this mission priority ahead of the europa jupiter system mission . the mission included a target date of around 2020 and consists of the esa @ - @ led jupiter europa orbiter , and the esa @ - @ led jupiter ganymede orbiter . esa ' s mission has faced funding challenges from other esa projects . however , the jupiter europa mission ( jeo ) , esa ' s contribution , was found by the planetary decadal survey to be too expensive . the survey supported a viable alternative to jeo . = = human exploration = = while scientists require further evidence to determine the presence of a solid core on jupiter , the icy moons provide the best candidates for future human exploration . particular targets include europa , due to its potential for life , and callisto , due to its relatively low radiation dose . in 2003 , nasa announced a program called jupiter outer moons exploration ( rio ) that involved sending astronauts to explore the icy moons . nasa also projected a colonization mission some time in the 2040s . in the partnership for space exploration policy announced in january 2004 , nasa discussed missions to mars , suggesting that a " human research mission " could be launched to jupiter ' s moons . before the jimo mission was cancelled , nasa spokesperson sean o ' keefe stated that " human explorers will come . " = = = potential for colonization = = = nasa has speculated on the feasibility of mining the atmospheres of the outer planets , particularly for helium @ - @ gas , an isotope of helium that is rare on earth and could fetch a very high price per unit mass as thermonuclear fuel . factories stationed in orbit could produce the gas and sell it to visiting spacecraft . however , the jovian atmosphere in general has particular disadvantages for colonization because of the extreme radiation conditions prevailing in jupiter ' s atmosphere and the planet ' s particularly large gravitational well . jupiter would give about 500 sv ( 3600 kg ) per year to human exploration at io and at 5 @. @ 1 sv ( 540 rems ) per day to unshielded colonists at europa , which is a decisive aspect due to the fact that already an exposure to about 0 @ . @ 75 sv over a period of a few days is enough to cause radiation poisoning , and about 5 sv over a few days is fatal . europa is the solar system ' s largest moon and the solar system ' s only known moon with a core , but this does not protect it from cosmic rays to a significant degree , because it is overshadowed by europa ' s magnetic field . europa receives about 0 @ . @ 08 sv ( 8 rem ) of radiation per day . callisto is farther from jupiter ' s strong radiation , and subject to about 0 @ . @ 0001 sv ( 0 @ . @ 01 % ) a day . for comparison , the average amount of radiation received on earth by a single person is about 0 @ . @ 0024 sv per day ; the highest known radiation levels on earth were found around ramsar hot springs at about 0 @ . @ 10 sv per year . one of the first moons studied for the hope program was io . the possibility of building a surface base on callisto was proposed , because of the low radiation levels , its distance from europa and its relative stability . callisto is the only galilean satellite for which human exploration is feasible . the levels of ionizing radiation on io , europa , and ganymede are hostile to human life , and adequate safety measures have yet to be devised . it could be possible to build a surface base that would provide fuel for human exploration of the solar system . in 1997 , the artemis project designed a plan to explore europa . according to this plan , explorers would go down into the martian continental crust , entering the martian subsurface atmosphere , where they would inhabit artificial gas chambers .