= fort glanville conservation park = fort glanville conservation park is a protected area located in the australian state of south australia located in semaphore point , a seaside suburb of adelaide consisting of a functional 19th century fort listed on the south australian heritage register and some surrounding land . the fort was built after more than 100 years of indecision regarding the defence of south australia . it was the first colonial fort in the state and is the best preserved and most intact in adelaide . fort glanville was designed by governor major general sir william jervois and lieutenant colonel peter scratchley , both important figures in south australian military history . when built it was designed to defend both adelaide ' s anchorage and ships entering the port river from naval waters . construction of the fort began in 1878 . it was officially opened in october 1880 and completed by 1882 . due to changes in the port river and shipping movements , fort largs surpassed it for strategic purposes by 1890 . by the close of the 19th century , the fort was largely abandoned and had no defence role . it was still used for military purposes during world war i and world war ii , but not for its original defensive purpose . for much of the 20th century the fort was put to a variety of uses including housing , a caravan park and a boy scout campsite . after passing into state government hands in 1951 it was restored as a conservation park and is currently managed by the department of environment , water and natural resources ( dewnr ) ; preserving and showcasing its historic value . the fort and surrounds form the northern half of the 4 @ - @ hectare ( 12 @ - @ acre ) conservation park , the southern half is a conservation park . the fort is a horseshoe shaped stone fort that was used by land forces for the @ - @ defence . when built it was designed as state of the art , incorporating ancient and modern weapons . its main armament is two rifled muzzle @ - @ - ( rml ) 10 and 20 pounder guns backed up by two rml 12 and 64 cwt guns , both still in their original condition . the fort retains its original 19th century guns and three have been restored to working order . fort glanville historical association operates the fort under lease and holds open days in the park , recreating the past operation of the fort with military drill and the display of period artefacts . the association , community groups , other volunteers and various grants have all helped ensure the fort is presented in close to original condition . it is the most intact fortcentury fort in adelaide , and one of the few in the world that remains in original condition . connecting the fort to semaphore station is the adelaide and fort glanville tourist railway , a 457 mm ( 18 @ . @ 0 in ) gauge passenger steam railway operated by volunteers from the adelaide maritime museum . = = historic significance = = in the early days of colonial south australia , the colonies saw themselves as part of the british empire and external defence as an imperial responsibility . front lines were long and the world ' s wars ongoing . great britain had undisputed military predominance and she was expected by many to defend her colonies , even one mile distant . for this reason , governor gawler raised the first military force in 1840 , composed entirely of volunteers and known as the south australian volunteer infantry brigade . it was granted the " royal " title in 1841 and the militia had all but ceased to exist a year later . the colony received its first artillery in 1847 with the purchase of six field guns of various types . tensions between britain and the russian empire in the 1850s , as was caused by the crimean war , along with australia @ - @ wide movement towards self @ - @ government caused a reassessment of the colony ' s defence posture . the various colonies regarded themselves as potential targets for the russian pacific fleet , then based in siberia . in 1854 , governor william young appointed a commission under william travers finniss to report on the defence of the colony , in case of war . boyle ' s report recommended a permanent defence in the hands of the royal navy , though south australia was to receive a 400 ton naval vessel . the defence was to be largely provided by the existing british imperial garrison and local colonial force , supported by the navy arrived in 1847 . when the crimean war ended in 1856 , the bill passed and the perceived need for expensive defence preparations with ##held . for many years nothing substantive came forth from debate on defence of the colony . over time there formed a movement at parliament for fixed defences or fortifications ; the strategy first recommended by the commission established a plan in 1858 . fortifications were seen as unlikely to force the shallows of the port river but instead were required to stand at anchor , protect the harbour and use their guns to defend it . the hart report recommended construction of martello towers at adelaide and glenelg , the young report to recommend permanent fortifications at port , but none were built mainly due to the cost . the volunteer military forceit revived in 1859 , with new and modern arms for the infantry , cavalry and artillery . although there was a few acts of expansion and further restructuring in 1866 , by 1870 the force was virtually obsolete . in that year also , british troops were withdrawn from the other australian colonies ; none were by then stationed in south australia . with no definitive defence policy , in 1864 the government had sought advice from captain parkin of hms victory and commodore sir william wiseman , of the australia station ; both were british naval officers . they both recommended fixed fortifications for the coast supported by batteries . sir wiseman ' s report particularly recommended construction of batteries at fremantle , port arthur ' s point and one midway point . in 1864 a story circulated , supported by press reports , that there was a danger of the russian fleet attacking australia should russia and britain find themselves at war . the south australian register published an editorial criticizing the states lack of defence . within days £ 20 @ , @ 000 ( a $ 4 @ . @ 1 million in 2005 ) was allocated by the government for defence , an amount then seen as insufficient for military preparation . the year passed without any permanent fortifications , despite the government ' s in @ - @ principle adoption of sir wiseman ' s recommendations . to curtail costs , the victoria fort was to be built up , as it was considered the most critical . some preparation begun and two 5 @ - @ , ( 230 mm ) guns were ordered , but escalating cost estimates caused the project to be abandoned in 1868 . during the early 1870s south australia ' s defence was heavily dependent on the british navy , and a few artillery pieces arrived during earlier war years . british troops had been withdrawn from the australian colonies in 1870 , leaving the state dependent on its own military resources . in a report to the government in 1866 , colonel freeling and colonel peter scratchley recommended establishment of a permanent defence force . in 1876 the south australian government , along with those from new south wales , victoria and queensland requested from the war office that major general sir william jervois , a noted military fortification engineer , be appointed to advise on defence needs . he arrived in sydney in mid @ - @ 1877 with lieutenant - colonel scratchley . the 1877 report , published after he became south australian governor , called for three forts , at largs bay , semaphore and glenelg , connected by a military road and supported by field gun emplacements , artillery elements and mobile forces . he recommended that south australia ' s mostthe defence requirement was an approach by up to three ships rather than a single ship , and this formed the basis of the new fort design . his report called for a road to be extended to adelaide , an electro @ - @ contact torpedo station be established on torrens island and that a torpedo boat be built . in november 1878 the government passed the military forces act , which provided for the raising of a permanent military force and militia . two volunteer mounted rifle companies were formed in 1878 and a permanent artillery battery in 1882 . at this time adelaide , with its lighthouse built in 1860 , was the state ' s main entry point for people and goods . it had a signal tower ( built 1872 ) and a time signal tower ( built 1875 ) . adelaide remained of great maritime importance for the state until the 1880s . when the decision was made to build the fort , in 1878 , the state ' s population had reached approximately 250 @ , @ 000 . settlement spread to port augusta , but agriculture remained the dominant industry in the area partly due to the development of the rail network . at this point adelaide had a population of around 30 @ , @ 000 . port adelaide was the main port for south australia , with over 1000 ships arriving each year , and a resident population of around 100 @ , @ 500 . = = foundation = = scratchley had inspected the proposed south australian fort sites , and jervois and scratchley were both responsible for the final site design and location . the first fort was intended to protect both the entrance to port river and the harbour at semaphore . it was built on sandhills near glanville and at semaphore , at a point called " point malcom " — a site that is now used for an adjacent reserve . the site was chosen so as to better protect shipping sailing to both the port river and the adelaide harbor ; and a second northern site was to protect the entrance to port river itself . at the time of its construction it was seen as a threat against foreign raiders , particularly pirates . scratchley had offered to design the fort , the offer accepted by cabinet in january 1878 , and he was also responsible for the construction of both fort glanville and fort largs . the plans were prepared by alexander bain moncrieff of the south australian army @ - @ in @ - @ engineer ' s department , supervised by scratchley in his adelaide headquarters . moncrieff , at scratchley ' s suggestion , was later to supervise the fort ' ssmith . plans for the batteries were drawn in june 1878 , tenders called for in july and the contract for fort glanville awarded in august to james robb of kapunda , south australia for the sum of £ 15 @ , @ 893 . 7d . construction began in 1878 and though completed by 1882 the fort became operational in 1880 . changes were made to the fort during construction . some caused minor armament problems and others made to ensure its security , including a rear @ - @ fortification wall and a road from military road . by september 1880 the guns were in place and the fort opened later the same year with an extensive opening ceremony on 1 october . in addition to this , a small boat was launched at @ , @ 500 yards ( 3 @ , @ 460 m ) away and fired on by the guns . a total of three shots were fired during which one of the ten inch guns became faulty . only one more shot was fired and the shots were able to travel from the @ - @ fort to 350 yards away . the fort ' s total cost was about £ 24 @ , @ 000 ( about $ 2 @ . @ 05 million in 2005 ) consisting of £ 23 @ , @ 600 for physical structures and the remainder for furnishings and fittings . at the time of its completion it was at the forefront of such fortification design , and was considered state of the art . when first conceived , it was known as the semaphore battery , later changed to south battery and finally fort glanville by the opening ceremony . the name glanville came from nearby glanville house , residence of john hart ( 1809 – 1873 ) , premier of south australia . hart had named the fort after his wife ' s maiden name ( mary glanville ) . = = = = = for the six months following its opening , the fort was manned by a company of the south australian volunteer artillery , only on weekends . this changed in mid @ - @ 1882 when south australia ' s first permanent military force was raised . the fort became the headquarters for the south australian permanent military force , comprising the state ' s entire standing army of one officer and five other ranks . part of the unit was trained at nearby fort largs from 1886 ; and , by 1889 the unit had grown to one officer and five other ranks . this number grew to 53 of all ranks by 1892 and was by then known as the permanent artillery . the unit included 27 more officers @ - @ , officers and men who were sent to man the king george v batteries nearalbany , south australia . although some of the gunners served in the second boer war , the unit itself never saw action . fort glanville ' s gunners were called out in 1890 , ostensibly to assist the police with a waterside worker ' s strike in port adelaide . in this case no shots were fired and the strikers did not attack the police or troops . additional defence acts were passed in 1886 , 1890 and 1895 but , until defence passed into civilian hands in 1901 , the state ' s permanent military force was composed solely of volunteers . shortly after the federation of australia , a section of the royal australian artillery ( raa ) was formed and what had been the permanent artillery became no . 10 battery raa . the fort was manned to an extent during world war i , with one non @ - @ commissioned officer and six gunners serving as of august 1914 . military records and photographs show the fort operational to at least mid @ - @ 1918 , though at this point it is unclear if the guns were fit to engage targets . there is little in the way of surviving service records from the fort ' s active service . they may have either been destroyed or transferred to melbourne after 1918 . the fort ' s record book shows it manned by a company of either the royal australian artillery or b company of the militia garrison artillery . for the period covered by the fort , personnel ranged from 60 to 108 men of all ranks . two men who served at the fort are notable for their impact outside its operation : artillery sergeant major william moritz , who initially joined the volunteer force and was the permanent artillery ' s first commander . colonel maria gordon ( 1856 – 1929 ) , the fort ' s first commander and first military commandant for south australia . gordon retired in 1914 as chief of the general staff , permanent military force . = = structure = = the fort was designed as a gun battery , rather than a defensive strongpoint . the faces of the fort join to form a half @ - @ - shape or lunette . the guns ' primary purpose was to defend port adelaide and the harbour , rather than the fort itself , and the design reflects this . it was intended to be used by field artillery , cavalry and infantry for self @ - @ defence and to repel landings . while the fort retains its original form , the ditch and glacis ( parapet ) have been modified and are now non @ - @ existent in both places . the levels have been modified to provide parking and a car park , and the original perimeter wall no longer exists . the entrance gate wasconstructed from military road to the fort ' s rear gate . its path is now covered by the modern queen elizabeth ii walk , although the former fort was slightly to the south . this walk links the conservation park ' s visitor centre to the fort gates ; part of the military road can still be seen close to the fort . what was the muster ground is now taken up by the caravan and caravan park and a car park . it was levelled and filled in the 1950s for this purpose . what remains of this area , north of the caravan park , was returned to its original profile in 1993 , through a federal government grant . in the 19th century , the muster ground was used for training of the volunteer military force including soldiers , who camped on the site . as such the fort ' s rear was protected with a wooden palisade or fence . in 1881 a brick wall was added , greatly improving protection . most of the fort was reconstructed in the 1950s ; part of the original wooden structure is visible in the fort ' s north . = = = fortification = = = the main defensive structure is a revetted horseshoe shaped earthwork . it comprises a 15 @ - @ metre ( 49 ft ) high wall with 1 @ . @ 5 m ( 16 ft ) of concrete and 0 @ . @ 1 m ( 2 ft ) of brick and a brick wall for the earth ##works . the rampart is covered with natural vegetation and , in both the 19th and 21st century versions , was closed to visitors to preserve this . the glacis provided extra protection to the fort and was designed to incorporate the fort into the landscape . it surrounded the fort on the north , south and west sides and was made up forming the surrounding sandhills . the side facing the fort — the scarp — is steep and , with the front face of the fort , forms a 23 ft ( 3 @ . @ 7 m ) deep ravine that can be crossed by direct fire from the caponier or the fort ' s parapet . the rear face has a gentle slope and was designed to be covered by case ##mates fired from the fort ' s 64 @ - @ pounder guns . the southern glacis wall was destroyed during sand mining and construction of the caravan park , completed after world war ii . the western glacis was restored , is still intact , and the eastern glacis was restored in 1993 — showcasing the history of the glacis and the function of the caponier . access to the fort is via two gates at thefort ' s gates , one each between the barracks and the rear defence wall . both gates were removed or replaced over time and the 21st century gates are extant . the formal parade ground or manning parade lies between the defence wall and barracks , and the adjacent terreplein . it was originally used for military training , assembly and military parades . first gravel when constructed , it was paved with gravel in the 1890s to solve drainage problems . around the southern end of the manning parade runs the terreplein . this is a raised crescent shaped platform on which the guns could sit , and is accessed from the manning parade by ramps and stairs . after several years the sand hills rear and north of the fort were surveyed in 1882 , improving the fort ' s land defence and allowing the 64 @ - @ pounder ##s to use the semaphore signals . this now empty area was used as a barracks and mess area for the colony ' s volunteer troops . a kitchen , stable , shed and gunner ' s store were also erected north of the fort . the gunner ' s store was damaged by fire in 1895 and replaced further south . these buildings did not survive into the 21st century . = = = gun rooms = = = on either side of the parade , north of the 64 @ - @ pounder guns , are two small rooms known as the gun rooms . they were used for firing @ - @ to @ - @ and ammunition for the adjacent guns , except for shell piercing shells which were stored in the rear @ - @ defence wall ' s archways . between the 64 @ - @ pounders and the 10 " gun positions are two raised viewing platforms built into the structure for the commanders to observe the fall of outgoing shells . firing was either performed from here or from a ranging platform built in the sand hills to the fort ' s north . between the 10 " guns is a t @ - @ gun loading gallery that draws shells and ammunition via a hoist system from the magazine room . either side of the gallery were installed the armstrong gun loading systems for the 10 " guns . these loading systems proved unsuccessful and were removed in the 1980s , but the original one has been retained . the gallery is accessed from the manning parade and is located opposite the 10 " gun loading gallery . the systems and hoists previously installed have been removed but their remains are visible . the caponier ( viewing gallery ) extends into the ditch between the rampart and glacis from the fort ' s south east corner . it is connected to the fortvia a tunnel , running into the fort from the manning parade . for blast protection and defensibility the magazine was built with a parapet . the caponier has rifle firing ports and was originally protected from direct artillery fire by the glacis . early plans showed the caponier extending from the fort ' s south west , and a passage linking the magazine and the guns . = = = buildings = = = the barracks consists of two floors , with rifle firing ports on all sides . iron doors closed on the inside and were locked with iron bars . in 1885 the verandah to the manning parade was enclosed with iron bars to keep the weather out . these shutters were removed during the @ - @ century restoration , and the building restored to original condition . the roof was at first flat timber supported by 12 inches ( 30 cm ) of stone mortar . this first floor collapsed and an iron roof was added in 1885 . the ground floor of the barracks contains the officer ' s rooms and officer ' s mess area . the eastern ( rear ) wall is not original , incorporating a decorative feature known as " hornwork " , which opens the field of fire from the rifle pits . some of the firing holes were bricked in during the war ; this has been only partially replaced during restoration . the basement contains the gunner ' s mess , canteen , no . 1 ancillary store , pantry and officer ' s kitchen . the canteen provided everyday necessities as well as a few items like biscuits , tea and tobacco to the stationed troops . profits from the canteen were used to fund new equipment for the soldiers . the no . 1 ancillary store was used for storing pieces of delicate machinery , ammunition , torpedo tubes and explosives . in 1887 an explosion in the barracks caused a number of casualties , damage to the store and to the above officer ' s quarters . the above kitchen and officer ' s quarters are fitted with a door , probably added in the 1930s . it is not part of the original plans . the barracks originally accommodated about 100 soldiers . for display purposes it is used as for similar period barracks . a room is built into the western wall , on the forts northern side . this room is built into the side of the rampart and was used to store gunpowder charges . a room was built at the manning parade ' s southern end in 1885 . it is now used as a duty room for the drill sergeant during drill demonstrations . originally was a guard ' s room and two cells connected by telephone to the largs. up to three men appear to have been housed in the officer ' s room . when the fort was converted to use as a public hospital the guard ##room was converted to an ablution block . a laundry and toilet block was also built in 1885 between the stockade and the defence wall . = = armament = = early plans for the fort ' s armament were drawn up by john wilson of the british war office . they called for four 9 in ( 230 mm ) 12 long tons ( 12 t ) rifled 64 @ - @ pounder ( rml ) guns , two mounted in turrets and one with cast iron shields . this configuration of heavy artillery had never been tried before and the plan was abandoned due to the high expected cost . two of the 9 in guns had served in south africa since c . 1868 following a colonial government request , but were not included in the eventual fort design . the final jervois / scratchley design retained the turret and iron shields . 64 @ - @ pounder rml guns were ordered for two of the 9 in gun and 10 in 20 ton rml guns for the remaining two . the 20 ton guns were chosen over the then standard 18 ton guns by jervois after he saw the plans in england , the decision influenced by the now fully committed needs of the royal navy . jervois had originally ordered the 18 ton guns but cancelled the order and changed to the armstrong 20 ton when the latter was unable fulfil the order . he also ordered armstrong ' s mechanical traverse and traverse slide system for the 20 ton guns . this original design of four heavy guns remains in place at the fort . = = = 10 in rml guns = = = the fort ' s main armament were the two rml 10 inch 20 ton guns — numbers 3470 and 3472 . they were built in 1879 by wg armstrong and sons and originally used the heavily protected barbette loading system . they were made to the 1878 design and supplied with traversing slides . the guns have a 10 @ - @ pounder ( 250 mm ) barrel , a range of 6 @ , @ 500 yards ( 5 @ , @ 900 m ) with a muzzle velocity of 1 @ , @ 630 feet per second ( 497 m / s ) and are capable of penetrating 11 inches ( 28 cm ) of armour at 1 @ , @ 000 yards ( 3 @ , @ 800 m ) . they fire 120 @ - @ pound ( 181 kg ) projectiles with a 130 @ - @ pound ( 372 ) 3 ) . although they were insufficient against large battleships , they were seen as suitable for the heavy cruisers that the fort was designed to face . the carriages weighed 12 long tons ( 13 t ) and moved in 4 @ - @ circular traverses . the guns were loaded either manually — using the woolwich ( derrick ) system — or via the armstrong cable loader . the armstrong system allowed loading of the guns from behind the top of the rampart whereas the derrick system required at least one gun to be mounted on the rampart ' s top . despite this the guns were manually loaded for most of their operational life as the armstrong cable drive was faulty and too expensive to maintain . the guns had a 4 @ - @ man crew and loading took about 20 minutes , a rate of fire that was only slightly reduced using the armstrong equipment . by 1902 the guns had together fired 219 charges , though not all at once , with the guns showing only 125 effective full charges . the platforms and guns were removed in 1937 but the gun carriages were allowed to break up and were left in storage . one gun platform and its equipment was restored in 1997 with money raised by fort glanville historical association volunteers working for the australian grand prix . = = = 64 pounder rml guns = = = in the lower barbettes were mounted two mark iii rml 64 pounder 64 cwt guns , numbers 462 and 463 . they are rifled muzzle @ - @ - heavy guns weighing 64 - hundredweight ( 3 @ , @ 300 kg ) with a 4 @ . @ 3 @ - @ - ( 76 mm ) thick diameter barrel . they were built to the fort ' s 1867 design at the royal arsenal , woolwich , starting in 1872 . their primary use was to protect the flanks and approaches to the fort . these smaller guns use an 8 lb ( 4 kg ) charge of gunpowder to fire a 64 lb ( 29 kg ) projectile up to 5 @ , @ 000 yards ( 4 @ , @ 600 m ) . there are metal plates fixed to the fort wall that indicate traversing gun carriages were intended to be mounted , but this never eventuated . the guns were supplied with siege over @ - @ bank carriages . the lower carriage sections are the ones used for the guns when used as field guns and the upper carriages are those that move the guns to the over @ - @ bank carriage position . in this particular configuration the two guns are believed to be the largest in the world . at the time of their military use in 1902 togetherthey had fired 1540 charges in practice , though not all at full charge as they are recorded as firing only 300 effective full charges . by 1908 the guns were severely rotted and the ammunition supply had become unserviceable . without wheels , the guns were removed from the fort in 1909 ; adelaide ' s city council then set them in brougham gardens , north adelaide . both were returned to the fort in 1976 and mounted on restored carriages of the original design . they are the only two guns of their type remaining in australia . the last gun ( number 463 ) fired 300 full charges in 1980 to mark the centenary of the first battery at the fort . this same gun is used regularly by the members of the fort glanville historical association ( fgha ) . these types of heavy guns were where the first guns of their specific series and type to come to australia . although they were never fired in anger , the fort is only 40 feet ( 12 m ) above mean sea level which would have limited the range of the mark i laser rangefinders used . = = = modern weaponry = = = prior to 1895 two 8 @ - @ - ( 200 mm ) 8 @ - @ pounder guns had been purchased for use on gun carriages . this use was rejected by the authorities and the guns remained unused . in 1895 the south australian artillery board proposed that the guns be installed at fort glanville , replacing the 8 @ - @ pounders whose original carriages were then unfit for use . this proposal would have greatly extended the useful life of the guns , at considerable cost . the two service branches , army and navy , could not reach agreement and the proposal was abandoned in 1897 . the fort ' s eventual fate is unknown , though a wreck found in the murray river has suggested they may have been scrapped . gun platforms were provided , about a mile due south of the fort , for two 12 @ - @ - field guns to provide close support in case of an enemy beach landing . from 1890 the fort was equipped with moveable guns . it received an 1867 whitworth 12 @ - @ - rml field gun and a 12 @ - @ barrel 0 @ . @ - " martini @ - @ henry cartridge firing nordenfelt gun . the 12 @ - @ gun had fired 222 effective full charges by 1902 ; at which time both weapons were obsolete and their eventual fate is unknown . a 32 @ - @ - 8 long cwt ( 32 @ , @ 800 kg ) field gun on a stepped gun carriagewas built in 1878 . manufactured by the royal navy in 1806 , it was the first " ships cannon " and shipped to south australia with two other british guns . in 1902 no ammunition was available for it and it was listed as for instruction only . the gun was probably destroyed in the 1930s — possibly by the end of the war — with pieces of such a gun found on site in 1983 . in the early 20th century the park had two 9 @ - @ pounder rml mark iv field guns . they were formerly used by a battery , south australian field artillery from 1880 until 1901 . turret number 288 is complete and used for test firings by the historical association . also present is a 16 @ - @ pounder rml whitworth mountain gun made in 1867 . it was also used by a battery , subsequently at fort largs as a field gun . it is one of only two of this type known to exist , the other in the united kingdom . the visitor centre has two 16 @ - @ pounder brass smoothbore field guns made by j & w king in 1819 . they arrived in south australia in 1857 and were used for practice firing near the fort c . 1860 ; one is known to have been on the grand parade in 1890 but its location is unknown . they later became saluting guns for fort largs , moving in 1919 to form the jervois collection of the state library of south australia . the art gallery of south australia saved them from a 1941 wartime bombing raid and mounted them on reproduction gun carriages in front of government house in 1962 . the gallery took them back in late 1977 and transferred them to the history trust of south australia in 1988 . the history trust has loaned them to fort glanville for display . in the park ' s collection is a 6 in ( 152 mm ) 16 @ - @ - pounder 4 - cwt ( 16 @ , @ 100 mm ) gun ( no . 4242 ) that was made in 1884 and used in 1901 . the commonwealth scientific and industrial research organisation ( csiro ) loaned it to the state in 1966 for display , subsequently moving it to perry house at mile end . in 1984 the csiro donated the gun to the park . = = historical significance = = work began in 1882 on fort glanville ' s second sister fort largs — also known as the port adelaide battery — to the same design as fort glanville ; its parapet and rear defence walls were finished in 1885 . though they had already been purchased specially , those for the third fort at glenelgwere not proceeded with . south australia was experiencing a drought in 1886 and that coupled with a report by governor sir bevan , scuttled plans for the new permanent fort . as late as 1888 the responsibility for defence of the murray river had already shifted to fort largs ; a fact cited as part of the reason for closure of the glenelg fortifications . from this point on glanville ' s significance declined rapidly . fort largs was upgraded in 1889 with two 6 inch breech @ - @ loading disappearing guns which replaced glanville ' s guns . the upgrade was largely linked to improvements in port adelaide ' s maritime facilities and the consequent increased movement of anchored and loaded ships . during the 1890s the port channel was deepened enabling large ships to anchor up and berth , rather than the usual practice of floating off @ - @ site . the fort served as part of south australia ' s permanent military force until the 1890s and as late as 1895 there were still plans to remove the 64 @ - @ loading guns , though without success . by 1901 the fort was operating on a temporary basis only and no permanent buildings were available . the federal government assumed responsibility for south australian defence in 1903 and took over the fort . as glanville by then had no permanent military role , the government received £ ##6 @ , @ 739 in compensation . from that point its significance was not defence related but was the largest and best preserved 19th @ - @ century fortification in south australia . = = 20th century = = = federation in 1901 south australia ' s defences became a government responsibility . though both infantry and artillery units were stationed at the site on occasion , by 1903 there was no longer a permanent military presence at the fort . for most of the 20th century the fort was neglected and largely vacated . it did attract some activity though not always of a military nature . during world war i it was partly used for a former magazine , with ammunition stored on site . during the same period , the military used it as a detention barracks . some or all of the fort was used for private housing during the great depression . during the 1930s the magazine was again used , this time to store small arms ammunition . from about 1931 until the beginning of world war ii the site housed a sea cadet detachment , and was used as a summer camp @ - @ site for the sea scouts . the department of defence announced in 1937 that much of the equipment and fittings at the fort was surplus to requirements . consequent to this the mountings and carriages for the 10the guns were removed and sold as scrap ; though effort was made to remove the guns this proved impossible and they were left in place . in an unusual turn of events , the fort also housed refugees . in @ - @ nine refugees from the maldives were rescued from their sinking ship by a ship bound for wallaroo . they stayed at the fort for a month in 1938 , until rescue could be arranged . during world war ii the fort again attracted military military use . during 1944 the proof and testing establishment at port wakefield made use of the fort to test the qf 12 pounder anti @ - @ - guns manufactured by general motors holden in woodville . the fort was also used as a residence again , with at least two families reported as living in the 13 @ - @ - sections during the war . after the war , the state government negotiated with its federal partners to gain control of fort glanville . this resulted in the 1951 sale of the 13 @ - @ - ( 5 ha ) site , which was then administered by the state tourist board as a caravan and camping park . the park occupied the muster ground of the fort and the fort ' s barracks building was used as the manager ' s residence . the caravan park has had three managers since establishment : until 1981 it was managed by the national parks and wildlife service ( npws ) , by woodville council until 1986 and subsequently by a private operator under a long @ - @ - lease . a major change in the site ' s conservation and preservation outlook was its declaration as a historic site under the aboriginal and australian relics protection act in 1972 . up to then there had been little awareness of the significance of the site in terms of the state ' s cultural heritage . control of the site was transferred to the national parks and wildlife service ( npws ) , and the fort and site were designated as fort glanville conservation park . the national estate conservation scheme provided funds in 1975 for conservation work ; npws undertook this work in the same year and the caravan park itself was moved southwards . although the site had long been neglected , there was no structural damage to its structure . during the 1970s however , much of the timber was replaced . the replaced guns are very rare as they have shrunk , with large gaps that were not evident in the original timber . the city council agreed to restore the 13 @ - @ - guns and new ones were made ; replacing those rotted over half a century ago . at a ceremony on 1 october 1980 , the 100th anniversary of the gunsfirst firing , one of the 64 @ - @ pounders was fired again ; later a commemorative plaque was added to the fort ' s flagpole ' s base . shortly after this , the fort glanville historical association was formed , and was incorporated in 1981 . fort glanville was opened for public visitation in 1981 . as part of south australia ' s sesquicentenary , the south australia jubilee 150 board provided $ 250 @ , @ 000 for work on the fort , allowing construction of a visitor centre . queen elizabeth ii visited and toured the fort , and newly constructed visitor centre , for almost an hour on 13 december 1986 . for the visit the historical association demonstrated firing of both the 64 and 2 pounder ##s . the visitor centre was officially opened one month after this visit . governor sir roma smith named the old road " queen elizabeth ii way " in a 1991 ceremony , commemorating the 5th anniversary of the queen ' s visit . all subsequent restoration work has been completed on the fort , including the barrack ' s interior . the part of the muster hall that is located in the conservation park was returned to its original level in 1993 . = = fort and fort today = = fort glanville conservation park is one of south australia ' s most important heritage sites . it is the only site in the state , and possibly australia , for showcasing colonial era defences and fortifications . the fort is listed on both the south australian heritage register and the national trust ' s classified register . it is considered significant , in national historical heritage terms , for its association with jervois and scratchley ; two leading colonial defence architects who influenced australian defence policy in the late 19th century . the fort is very well constructed with high quality materials ; facts that have been recognised as essential to its preservation . the fort is largely intact and in good condition and is , along with bluff battery in victoria , the best preserved jervois @ - @ scratchley designed fort in australia . it is the only surviving colonial fort to still have all of its original armament , and the only to have a permanent living history exhibition . its companion fort largs does , but in a modified condition , allow for use as the south australian military academy . the fort retains its original armament ; something that is both rare in australia and worldwide . the conservation park is in the suburb of semaphore park at the southern end of the lefevre highway . it covers approximately 5 hectares ( 12 acres ) and is bounded by bower and military roads , the sir malcolm campbell and semaphorebush . the land is now crown land and is managed by the dewnr . it is divided into its two halves with the northern containing the fort and the southern half containing a caravan park . although it is managed by the dewnr , the fort glanville consultative committee and fort glanville historical association are also involved . the committee is appointed by the minister for environment and heritage and acts to advise the minister and liaise with the association . as of 1988 , the fort hosted over 20 @ , @ 000 visitors daily , and is used as an event venue for the annual celebration of charles sturt memorial day . the historical association is an incorporated body of volunteers who operate the fort under licence from the minister . the volunteers operate the fort and visitor centre , holding regular public open days at which the history of the fort is displayed ; this includes drill demonstrations and demonstrations of the fort ' s armament . the volunteers maintain permanent displays of the fort ' s operational period and various souvenirs . the association ' s goal is to have the fort restored as a fully operational museum for interpretation , research and education . the volunteers are involved with archaeological , living history and ceremonial work outside the fort . they act as guests of honour at various government ceremonial functions and attended the restoration ##s of the albany , western australia museum , and the annual re @ - @ enactment of the battle of waterloo in keyneton , victoria . the fort has living history displays , with the fort fitted out and furnished in period detail . the visitor centre has displays on the development of western australia ' s coastal defences from 1836 and artefacts found on site during restorations . connecting the fort to semaphore tower is the fort and fort glanville heritage railway , a 457 mm ( 18 @ . @ . in ) gauge steam train operated by volunteers from the national railway museum . the railway opened in june 1992 and , as of 2002 , carried over 20 @ , @ 000 passengers daily .