= = prerogative in the united kingdom = the royal prerogative is a position of customary authority , privilege , and immunity , recognised in the united kingdom as the sole prerogative of the sovereign and the source of many of the executive functions of the british government . these powers were formerly exercised by the monarch , on his or her own initiative . since the 19th century , by convention , the advice of the prime minister and the other — who are collectively responsible to parliament for the executive — has been required in order for the power to be exercised . the monarch remains legally entitled to exercise the royal prerogative against the advice of the prime minister and the cabinet , but in practice would only do so in emergencies or where existing law does not clearly apply to the circumstances in question . today the royal ##gative is available in the conduct of the government of the united kingdom , including foreign affairs , defence , and national security . the monarchy has a significant constitutional presence in these and other matters , but limited internationally , because the exercise of the power is in the hands of the prime minister and other ministers or other government officials . = = definition = = the royal prerogative has been called " a notoriously difficult concept to define legally " , but whether a particular type of power actually exists is a matter of constitutional law to be decided by the monarch as the final arbiter . a prominent constitutional theorist , a . a . roberts , proposed in the 20th century that : the prerogative appears to be historically and as a matter of fact nothing else than the residue of discretionary or arbitrary power which at any given time is wholly vested in the hands of the crown . the prerogative is the name of the greater portion of the sovereign ' s executive authority . . . any act which the british parliament can lawfully do without the authority of an act of parliament is done in virtue of the prerogative . while many commentators follow the diceyan view , there are constitutional lawyers who prefer the view given by william blackstone in the 1970s : by the word ##ing we shall say that the pre @ - @ eminence which the king hath , over and above all other persons , and out of the ordinary practice of the law , in right of his regal ##ity . . . it can only be applied to those powers and privileges which the king enjoys alone , in contradiction to others , and not to those which he enjoys in common with any of his subjects . that ' s viewthat any act of parliament by the crown or statute is under the prerogative differs from blackstone ' s that the prerogative simply covers those actions that no other person or body in the united kingdom can take , such as the dissolution of parliament . case law appears to support both views . blackstone ’ the idea of the prerogative having the powers of an absolute monarch was expressed by lord parmoor in the de keyser ’ s royal hotel case of 1920 , and a difficulty with it was expressed by lord hoffmann in the burmah house case of 1965 . a further determination has not been made in the above cases , and the court will never attempt to decide the issue as few cases deal directly with the prerogative itself . = = = = = the royal household functions as the personal power of the monarch . from the thirteenth century in england , as in france , the monarch was all @ - @ powerful , but this absolute power was diminished by " the recrudescence of feudal turbulence in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries " . an early attempt to define the royal household was stated by richard ii ' s charter in 1387 . during the fifteenth century , this " turbulence " began to recede , and the monarchy became more independent . under henry viii and his successors , the monarch was the head of the established english church , and therefore not answerable to the clergy . the rise of parliament in this period , however , was problematic . although the monarch was " the predominant authority in the english realm " , the courts stopped short of declaring him all @ - @ powerful , recognizing the role that parliament played . in ferrer ' s case , henry recognised this , arguing that he was far more powerful with the consent of parliament than without . nowhere was this more clear than in the case of taxation : sir john marshall and other judges of the period pointed out the king could not impose taxation without parliament ' s consent . at the same time , henry and his descendants generally followed the rules of the courts , despite the fact they were generally not bound by them . william holdsworth infers that by regularly asking the senior members of the government and judiciary for legal advice and advice , henry recognised the need for a stable government to follow the law . he also contends that the idea that the law was supreme " parliament " was the view of " the leading lawyers and statesmen and publicists of the tudor period " . it was argued that although the king had " unfettered power " , he was powerless in areas where the law had imposedor on the use of the prerogative , or where he had chosen to do so . the first dent of this argument came about in 1607 , with the case of prohibitions . james vi and i claimed that as monarch , he had the divine right to sit as a judge and interpret the natural law as he saw fit . led by sir edward coke , the commons rejected this claim , stating that while the monarch was not subject to any individual , he was subject to the law . until he had acquired sufficient knowledge of the law , he had no right to interpret it ; coke pointed out that such knowledge " requires knowledge of the established law . . . which requires much study and practice , before that young man may attain to the exercise of it " . however , in the case of parliament in 1611 , coke held that the monarch could only exercise those prerogatives he already possessed , and not create new ones . with the glorious revolution , king james vi and i was succeeded by queen mary ii and her son , william iii . at the same time the bill of rights 1689 was passed , which cemented the monarch ' s subservience to parliament . it also defined the royal prerogative , with article 1 stating that the " act of making the law or the making of laws under regal authority without consent of parliament is illegal " , and article 4 confirming that " levying money for improvements to the property of the crown by way of prerogative , without grant of parliament , for any time , or under other circumstances than the same can or shall be done , is illegal " . the bill also established that parliament had the right to limit the use of the prerogatives , as evidenced by the parliament act 1694 , which allowed the monarch to summon and dissolve parliament at certain times . = = = = = = = = = = = = = one of the monarch ' s historic prerogatives was the dissolution of parliament , which was " perhaps the most important residual power exercised today by the sovereign , and had the greatest potential for controversy . " this prerogative was usually exercised at the discretion of parliament and the prime minister , either at his or her discretion or following a vote of no confidence . political theorists have had differing views as to whether a formal dissolution of parliament would be possible today ; historian ivor jennings wrote that a dissolution involves " the acquiescence of parliament " , and as such the monarch could not dissolve parliament without the consent; " if ministers refuse to give her advice , she can do no more than dismiss them " . r . v . dicey , however , believed that in certain extreme circumstances the monarch could dissolve parliament so @ - @ handedly , on the ground that " an occasion has arisen on which there is fair ground to suppose that the opinion of the house is not the opinion of the electors . . . . dissolution is appropriate , or required , whenever the wishes of the people are , or may fairly be considered to be , different from the wishes of the nation . " the monarch could force the dissolution of parliament by a refusal of royal assent ; this would normally lead to a government crisis . by contrast , the monarch rarely objects to legislation ; the last time the royal assent was not given was in 1704 during the reign of queen anne . this does not mean that the right to refuse has died : george iii said he could veto the third irish home rule bill ; jennings wrote that " it was assumed by the king himself that he had not only the legal right but the constitutional right to refuse it " . the royal prerogative to dissolve parliament was abolished by the fixed @ - @ called parliaments act 2011 . section 6 ( 1 ) of the act 2011 specifically states that the monarch ' s power to dissolve parliament is not limited by the act . the appointment of the prime minister is also , however , limited by the royal prerogative . theoretically the monarch can appoint as prime minister anyone she wishes to appoint , but in practice the premier is usually the person who commands a majority in the house of commons . typically , this is the leader of the political party that is returned to power with a majority of votes after a general election . this may occur with a so @ - @ called hung parliament , in which no party has majority support , as last happened in 2010 . in this situation , the convention is that the parliamentary leader has the constitutional right to form a coalition government and seek government . if the prime minister decides to resign in the middle of a parliamentary session , as anthony eden did in 1957 , the monarch has absolute power . there is only a " prime minister @ - @ - @ - @ appointed " who commands the support of the majority of the commons ; he or she is so @ - @ - @ appointed . = = = judicial system = = = the most important constitutional power that dominates the judicial system is the law of mercy , which has two elements : the granting of pardons and the granting ofnolle prosequi . courts may eliminate the " costs , penalties and punishments " from a criminal conviction , though they do not remove convictions themselves . this power is usually exercised on the advice of the secretary of state for the home department ; the crown has no direct say in its exercise . exercises of this power may also take the form of parole , a temporary form of imprisonment where the sentences is commuted , under certain conditions . the granting of a pardon is not subject to judicial review , as confirmed by council of civil service r v minister for the civil service , but the courts have power to review its application or enforcement thereof , as in r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte bentley . the nolle prosequi is used by the attorney general of england and wales ( or the courts in scotland or northern ireland ) in the name of the crown , to stop criminal proceedings against the accused . this is not reviewable by the courts , as confirmed by r v commissioner of police , and does not count as an acquittal ; the accused may be brought before the courts on the same charge at a later date . = = = foreign affairs = = = the royal prerogative is in general use in the realm of foreign affairs . it is the monarch who recognizes foreign states ( although various treaties regulate the immunities received by their heads and their representatives ) , issues treaties of war and peace , and forms international treaties . the monarch also has the power to annex territory , as was done in 1955 with the island of rockall . once territory has been annexed , the monarch has complete discretion as to the extent to which the crown will take on the former government ' s territory ; this was confirmed by west rand central african mining company v the queen . the monarch also has the power to alter british territorial waters and cede territory . her ability to do these things in practice is limited , in that they might deprive british subjects of their freedoms and rights . when the island of heligoland was ceded to britain in 1890 , judicial approval was not sought . the monarch can also annex colonies and overseas territories by exercising the power through orders in council . the courts have long ruled against the monarch ' s use of this power : in r ( bancoult ) v secretary of state for foreign and commonwealth affairs ( no 2 ) , the court of appeal ruled that using the @ - @ in @ - @ council to enforce court rulings was an unconstitutional exercise of power , although thisruling was later overturned . british passports are generally issued under the act , although these are also governed by statute law . under the common law , citizens have the right both to enter and enter the united kingdom . in r v foreign secretary ex parte everett , the courts held that it was their duty to control the granting of passports to , and the withholding of documents from , british citizens . the principle of ne exeat regno is also used to prevent a person leaving the country . the right to conclude treaties is a unique prerogative power : under blackstone ' s rule , a prerogative power must be specifically reserved to the monarch . = = = other prerogative powers = = = the monarch also has power to exercise her discretion in the granting of honours , the regulation of the armed forces and military orders . although the granting of military honours is generally decided by the courts , the monarch is still the person who actually grants them . exceptions to this rule include those of the order of the garter , the order of the bath , the order of merit , the royal victorian order and the royal victorian medal , which the monarch has complete discretion to grant . in relation to the armed forces , the monarch is the commander in chief , and they are regulated under the royal warrant . most laws do not apply to the armed forces , although some matters , such as military orders , are regulated by acts of parliament . under the war measures act 1947 , the monarch is the supreme administrator for the armed forces , and as such their actions , direction and conduct cannot be questioned by the courts . this exercise of prerogative power gives the crown power to recruit members of the armed forces , appoint commissioned officers , and make arrangements with foreign governments to maintain peace in their territory . the act allows the monarch to appoint bishops and archbishops in the church of england , and to regulate the publication and distribution of the authorised church of england translation of the bible . r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte northumbria county commissioners , recognised that the prerogative power includes the power to " take all reasonable measures to preserve the queen ' s peace " , and in burmah & co . v lord advocate , the house of lords took the view that it extended to " do all those things in the emergency which are necessary for the defence of [ the second world war ] . " = = = = = today , the monarch exercises the prerogative power exclusively in line with the advice of hergovernment . leyland notes that : the british queen . . . is kept very much in touch with the exercise of governmental functions by means of a weekly meeting with the prime minister during which she is fully informed about the workings of government . . . [ but it ] should be noted that the prime minister is not under any obligation to take account of her opinions . in practical terms , the prerogative is used to govern the government in the name of the crown ; although the monarch has the " right to be consulted , the right to encourage , and the right to advise " , her role involves the exercise of discretion . however , some government powers are directly exercised by ministers without the approval of parliament , including the act of declaring war and of declaring war , the issue of passports , and the granting of honours . prerogative powers are exercised not by the monarch , but on the advice of the prime minister ( whom the monarch meets weekly ) and of the cabinet . some key functions of the british government are still executed by virtue of the royal prerogative , but generally the usage of the prerogative has been diminishing as they are increasingly exercised on a statutory basis . = = = = = = = several influential decisions of the house of lords have determined the limited scope for the exercise of these powers . in 1915 , an appeal was made to the house of lords , a petition of right ( ' shoreham court case ' ) , but during the appeal the case was settled and the appeal withdrawn when the crown refused to pay costs . the case arose from a 1915 decision of the court of appeal that the crown , both under the statutory defence of the realm act and under the royal charter , was entitled to seize and occupy , for military purposes in particular , a commercial area on the south coast . the government argued that this action was to guard against an invasion ; the courts held that for the prerogative to be exercised , the government must prove that the threat of invasion exists . this was followed up by the zamora ( 1916 ) , where the privy council , on appeal from the high court , held generally that to exercise a power not conferred by statute ( such as a statutory power ) the government must prove to the court that the occupation is justified . the next case came in attorney general v de keyser ' s royal hotel ltd ( 1920 ) , where the house of lords held that a statutory exercise of an action where statutory powers are in use " abridges the royal prero##gative " what is in force to this extent – that the crown can only do the particular thing under and in accordance with the statutory provision , and that its prerogative power to do that thing is in force " . this view of judicial superiority was extended in laker airway ltd v ministry of transport , concerning the issue of a commercial air operator ' s licence ( december 1976 ) , where it was held that prerogative power could not be used to alter a statutory provision , and that in matters to which the power and the statute were applied , the power could only be used to achieve the aim of the statute . another development came with r v secretary of state for the home department , ex parte fire services ltd , where the court of appeal held that even if the statute had not yet come into force , the prerogative could not be used to alter this statute to " conflict with parliament ' s wishes " . = = = judicial power = = = before the modern judicial review system superseded the test of necessity as the remedy for determining the validity of a constitutional power , the courts were traditionally not able to state whether or not they existed , not whether they had been used before . they therefore applied only the first of the wednesbury tests : whether the power was constitutional . legal scholars such as william blackstone expressed this view : in the exercise therefore of those prerogatives , which the parliament has given him , the king is sovereign and independent , according to the forms of the statute . and , if the consequences of that exertion be added to the disgrace or dishonour of the kingdom , the parliament will call his majesty to a full and honest account . during the 1960s and 70s this view was changing , with lord denning saying in the laker air case that " given that the prerogative is a constitutional power to be exercised for the public good , it follows that its application must be examined by the courts just as any other constitutional power which is vested in the crown . " the most authoritative case on the subject is council of civil service unions v minister for the civil service , also known as the gchq case . the house of lords held that the application of judicial review would be based on the nature of the government ' s powers , not their application . foreign policy and national security matters are considered outside the scope of judicial review , while the power of parliament is considered within it , as per r v secretary of state for the homedepartment , ex parte bentley . = = = = = reform of the royal household is low on the political horizon , and recent attempts to review the role of the household and its royal prerogative in australia have been unsuccessful . the department of justice published a " review of executive royal prerogative powers " in october 2009 . former labour leader and cabinet minister tony benn campaigned unsuccessfully for the abolition of the royal household in the united kingdom in the 1970s , arguing that all governmental powers in britain exercised on the advice of the prime minister and cabinet should be subject to parliamentary review and require parliamentary approval . later governments argued that such is the breadth of topics covered by the royal prerogative that seeking parliamentary approval in any instance where the prerogative is currently used would overwhelm executive power and slow the enactment of legislation .