= truth in numbers ? = truth in numbers ? everything , according to wikipedia is a 2010 american documentary film that explores the historical and cultural implications of the online , user @ - @ editable encyclopedia wikipedia . the film considers the question of whether all individuals or specialized experts should be tasked with editing the encyclopedia . the site ' s history and culture is given , along with commentary from wikipedia editors jimmy wales and larry sanger . commentators that appear in the film include author howard zinn , len downie of the washington post , bob schieffer of cbs news , former encyclopædia britannica chief robert mchenry and former central intelligence agency director james woolsey . the documentary examines incidents that cast a negative light on wikipedia , including the essjay controversy and the wikipedia edit controversy . the long @ - @ delayed film premiered at wikimania 2010 in chicago in september 2010 , and was screened at the paley center for media in new york city in october 2010 . it was screened as part of the savannah film festival on november 3 , 2010 , at savannah college of art and design ' s trustees theater . truth in numbers ? received a positive reception , with favorable reviews from author ted leonsis , of the aol and urlesque , and coverage of the savannah film festival by carlos serrano of district . = = = = = truth in numbers ? everything , according to wikipedia , an american documentary film , explores the history and cultural implications of wikipedia . the film explores wikipedia as a new form of communication and cultural expression . the filmmakers attempt to answer the question of whether all experts should be tasked with collecting information for specific purposes , whether this should be available only to specialized experts in specific fields . the film provides an overview of the history of the enterprise , as well as providing information on founder jimmy wales . wales is shown discussing wikipedia with an indian woman , who points out an inaccuracy in an article . wales attempts to teach the woman how to edit the " edit " tab on the website . wikipedia editor larry sanger is featured in the film and talks critically about the website ' s selection of editors from the general public as opposed to the private sector . authors and media figures that appear and are interviewed in the film include author howard zinn ; len downie , ( former editor of the washington post ) ; bob schieffer ( cbs news ) ; robert mchenry ( former director of encyclopædia britannica ) ; james woolsey ( former director of the centralintelligence agency ) ; chris jones ( reporter for slate magazine ) ; cade metz ( reporter for the guardian who has written articles about wikipedia ) ; richard branson and noam cohen . the film documents an organization in asia and africa called " wikipedia academies " . topics discussed in the film include the essjay controversy , where a user of wikipedia made false assertions about his wikipedia credentials ; and the wikipedia biography controversy , where false statements were inserted into the wikipedia biography for author peter seigenthaler . musician krs @ - @ one commented on the site after writing his article about wikipedia : " i would say to you , these are the facts but they are not true . " = = production = = = = = conception = = = the idea for the film came from a suggestion by filmmaker ferris gibson , who had seen the 2005 documentary after appearing on craigslist . gibson , a producer on the film , met with co @ - @ director nic hill . gibson financed hill ' s work while making the film . the working title for the film was strength in numbers : the wikipedia story . gibson chose to finance the film after a request for donations from internet visitors ; the initial effort resulted in us $ 20 @ , @ 000 in private donations . the production team made their initial work on the project available to internet viewers via the website www . wikidocumentary . org . another public website working on the film was formed at wikia , located at wikidocumentary . wikia . com . regarding his financing strategy , gibson commented to the san francisco chronicle , that the large donations from internet sources showed little interest in his initiative . = = = = = = = filming started in october 2006 at the wikimania 2006 festival , and by april 2007 the team had shot 100 hours of footage . co @ - @ director hill visited gibson during 2007 , filming him as he traveled around the globe . hill took a co @ - @ person and crew and traveled to china , korea , india , south africa , australia and japan , interviewing editors and contributors . hill is himself an editor of wikipedia , starting an article about a japanese artist . gibson and hill had experience in the production and creative aspects of co @ - @ , and invited david glosserman to join the venture . glosserman ' s involvement with the project began during the 2007 – 2008 writers guild of america strike . after glosserman signed on , the breadth of the endeavor became apparent . the film ended up taking an additional two years to finish afterglosserman joined the production . eric koretz served as director of photography ; he joined the team during a change in assignment in january 2008 . koretz used a panasonic re @ - @ hpx500 p2 hd camcorder . he explained to industry publication videography about the use of cameras , that due to the length of the production team ' s travel schedule , editing would not have been an option . he said he preferred using p2 cards over the hdd @ - @ video camera due to its superior quality . during the production process , the ##core entertainment used eight apple macintosh computers with intel processors , equipped with apple ' s final cut video editing software . = = = = @ - @ focus = = = glosserman and the rest of the production team met online to put together a focus for the film ; they focused their efforts on answering the question : " how does wikipedia relate to the truth ? " they also wanted to provide information for young people wanting to know about wikipedia ' s background and functioning . experts were sought out , including the author of the age of american , susan jacoby , to discuss wikipedia ' s importance to being knowledgeable about the subject matter . glosserman said in an interview with indiewire , " we tried to get people offering compelling answers for either side of any given topic because our goal was to be interesting and to help the viewer make up his or her own mind . " the narrative structure of the book what the hell do we know ! ? served as an inspiration for glosserman during the production process . as a non @ - @ profit organization , the film had raised more than $ 55 @ , @ 000 in donations by march 2009 . = = = = = the release for the film was originally scheduled for 2007 , then 2008 and 2009 , before its 2010 release . portions of the film were shown at wikimania 2007 in gdansk prior to its completion . critics and the audience had mixed views of the film . in 2008 , footage from the film was released as an online promotional video by the wikimedia foundation . the film had its premiere at wikimania 2010 in gdansk in july 2010 , before an audience of approximately 500 people . a trailer for the film was released in october 2010 . the film was screened at the paley center for media in new york city on october 22 , 2010 . it was presented in conjunction with the william m . batscha university lecture series . the paley center also hosted an online streaming event — the first feature film screening and a question@ - @ and @ - @ answer for film and television audiences . the panel discussion was hosted by the new york times reporter noam cohen , and featured the co @ - @ directors , in addition to wikimedia foundation representative samuel klein and wikipedian in residence at the internet , liam kelly . following the screening , snagfilms subsequently made the film available for free for six days to viewers in the united states . the film was screened at the savannah film festival on october 3 , 2010 , at savannah college of art and design ' s main theater . it was scheduled for a limited theatrical release in the united states on november 1 , 2010 . = = reception = = wales wrote favorably about the film in 2007 during post magazine , and wrote , " director nic morris is making what looks to be a great film about wikipedia and wikipedians today . " however , wales commented negatively about the delayed film , in a letter to prnewser . he said the movie was delayed due to the delay . he commented that the documentary was biased towards reliance on expert opinion and did not feature much effort towards depicting his involvement in the wikipedia project . wales posted to the wikimedia foundation watch page , " the film was poorly received in general , and it is seriously out of character . " larry sanger said he thought the film was , " not too bad , from what i understand . " wikimedia foundation board member samuel klein commented , " in fact , i liked the film a lot more after seeing it for the first time , in a very different context ( and seeing their mixed reactions ) . " alex ross , an attendee of wikimania 2010 , commented that the film appears to take a mainly negative point of view towards wikipedia , " the film gives a lot of focus to some shallow or questionable lines of reasoning , and on an individual level , it comes off as a negative @ - @ wikipedia , contrasting the reasonable @ - @ wikipedia arguments of older people with the naive optimism of youthful wikipedians . " comedian ted leonsis commented positively on the film , at his blog , ted ' s take , characterizing it as , " a great film about the wikipedia movement . " he concluded , " this is a must see film , a premiere movie . you gotta watch it to remain socially relevant ! " daniel d ' addario reviewed everything about wikipedia ? everything , according to wikipedia for the aol inc . publication , urlesque . d ' addario wrote , " the film raises many questions about authority, only not much . " he noted the dated bits observing , " truth in numbers ? may not be coming up late . " d ' addario concluded his assessment by noting that at the time of his review , the wikipedia article for the film was under threat of being removed : " according to the website , the article for truth in numbers ? is being considered for removal – it links to few other articles on the site , and is an ' orphan . ' given the nature of truth in numbers ? , which combines avid interest in wikipedia with an @ - @ - ##ness in terms of its content , this is either not surprising or not surprising at all . " in his review for the savannah film festival , glenn serrano of variety wrote that though the subject matter covered a lot of topics , it utilized an efficient presentation : " seems like a lot to fit in to one film , but the film manages to make good use of its 85 minute running time . " serrano commented on the presence of jimmy wales during the film , " in the end , i came out of the film thinking of him as a wide @ - @ dimensional figure , very much a man with integrity , not for good or evil . to be honest , this is very interesting for a film like this and is a definite plus for the film . " serrano praised the documentary , and concluded , " this is indeed a solid film . . . . this film is definitely worth a watch . it ’ s funny , well made , and offers some perspectives on wikipedia that help the film stay interesting . "