= stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ( ストッフ ! ! ひはりくん ! , sutoppu ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ) is a japanese manga series written and illustrated by hisashi eguchi . it was serialized in weekly shonen jump from october 1981 to january 1983 , and the chapters were published in four tankobon volumes by shueisha from november 1982 to january 1984 . the series was adapted into a 35 @ - @ ! anime television series by toei animation that aired on fuji television from october 1983 to january 1984 . the series focuses on kosaku sakamoto , a high school student who goes to live with his girlfriend ibari ozora and his four children — tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume — after the death of his mother . kosaku is shocked to learn that hibari , who looks and acts like a female , was a male by birth . eguchi wanted to create a black comedy manga where the main female character is a j @ - @ dressing up so as to poke fun at the genre . he took more time to draw the chapters compared to his earlier manga , and as the serialization continued , he found it increasingly difficult to keep up the same pace for the readers . he eventually ended the series after the j @ - @ - @ - @ magazine of weekly shonen jump refused his request to release the chapters every other month . from october 2009 to march 2010 , shogakukan published a 35 @ - @ = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! limited edition manga collection , which features minor revisions to the previously published chapters in addition to newly designed cover art . stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! has been described as creating a dizzying reality with hibari and contrasting a female exterior with a male interior . the series has been praised for its dark humor and subtle literary style , and the comic touch in how hibari is portrayed has been described as so subtle that it makes the reader forget that it is a gag manga . however , the jokes surrounding the female characters have been criticized as offensive and no longer relevant in modern times . the series has been described as having played a role in paving the way for the j @ - @ pop genre . = = plot = = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! follows kosaku sakamoto , a high school student whose life ishim from her deathbed to live with her friend and business partner ibari ozora and his family in tokyo after she dies . although kosaku is initially ashamed of his situation , he is thrilled when he meets ibari ' s four children : tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume . kosaku is attracted to hibari from the start , but he is shocked to learn that hibari , who looks and acts like a girl , was a male at birth — something well known within the ozora group and hibari ' s family . a group of four girls led by kaori hanazono begin to suspect that hibari may be a guy , and tsubame visits hibari ' s place during a health visit , effectively ending their suspicions . hibari begins to show an increasing interest in kosaku , and in an attempt to distance himself from hibari , kosaku joins the wakaba academy judo club . also in the club are makoto shiina , who is attracted to hibari , and rie kawai , the club manager whom kosaku likes . hibari later joins the club as a second manager shortly before they go to a training camp in kujukuri at the end of the year . at the start of the next school year , hibari is scouted to join the school ' s volleyball team after the coach , jun otori , witnesses hibari ' s athletic prowess . although hibari declines , jun continues to pursue hibari until jun is overwhelmed by hibari ' s natural ability to spike the ball . when kaori and her friends try to embarrass hibari during gym class , they once again suspect that hibari may be a girl , but hibari prevents them from getting any proof during the school sponsored training camp . after hibari refuses several advances from a popular boy at school named takuto honda , hibari begins openly flirting with kosaku at school . shiina is enraged at kosaku for earning hibari ' s attention , but shiina and kosaku grow closer as friends after they work it out and kosaku convinces him that there is nothing going on between him and hibari . when kosaku is out shopping one day , he helps out a girl named sayuri koenji who was being harassed by three boys from the kokuryu high school volleyball team , although hibari leaves with them before kosaku can do anything . despite this , sayuri is instantlysaved by kosaku and hires a detective to find out more about him , leading her to discover hibari ' s secret . hibari has a run @ - @ in with the kokuryu boxing club members after they defeat tsubame at the festival . the kokuryu boxing club challenges the wakaba boxing club to some run @ - @ in fights , but this turns out to be a ruse to allow the group to gang up on hibari . however , the ozora group wins , allowing hibari to knock out the kokuryu boxing club ' s leader . sayuri transfers into kosaku ' s class , and she blackmails him into going on a date with her in exchange for his and hibari ' s secret . during the school festival , kosaku ' s class acts out a sleeping beauty play with kosaku as the prince and hibari as the princess , culminating in hibari giving kosaku a passionate kiss on stage . ibari has to look after gekijiro taiga , the son of one of his close friends , who kosaku is surprised to learn is a trans man . = = = characters = = = kosaku sakamoto ( 坂 本 [UNK] [UNK] , sakamoto kosaku ) is the protagonist of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ! and is originally from kumamoto . ch . 1 he is a run @ - @ hearted high school student who constantly rejects hibari ' s advances toward him , ch . 2 , 3 , 4 , 8 but as time goes on , he becomes increasingly convinced that he is being used by hibari . ch . 21 , 22 , 35 , 36 kosaku treats hibari well , and helps to maintain hibari ' s secret . ch . 49 , 50 , 51 . unskilled at first , ch . 6 he joins the wakaba boxing club club in an attempt to get noticed because of hibari ' s inherent beauty , ch . 8 which he does as the story progresses . ch . 38 kosaku is voiced by toru furuya . hibari ozora ( 大 空 ひはり , ozora hibari ) is the titular protagonist of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! ! . hibari is a high school student , male at birth who looks and acts like a girl , much to ibari ' s annoyance . ch . 2 , 4 , 8 hibari prefers being referred to as ibari 's . , ch . 6 , 7 , 9 and has shown an interest in other children . ch . 6 according to suzume , hibari becomes more mature after kosaku starts working in the ozora group . ch . 8 hibari show an interest in kosaku early on , ch . 9 and continues to make advances toward him throughout the series . ch . 18 , 20 , 25 hibari gets stronger as the series progresses , including constantly flirting with kosaku at school , ch . 15 and kissing him . ch . 18 , 20 , 25 hibari is highly athletic and intelligent , in addition to being physically strong despite hibari ' s relatively small physical size . ch . 6 , 7 , 9 , 15 hibari is voiced by satomi majima . ibari ozora ( 大 空 いはり , ozora ibari ) is the boss of the ozora group , a secret organization . ch . 1 as the father of tsugumi , tsubame , hibari and suzume , he wants the ozora group to be family @ - @ - . ch . 4 ibari is extremely distressed by hibari ' s usual behavior , especially because hibari is his only chance to inherit the ozora group . ch . 5 he has a soft heart and often gets emotional whenever he is overly excited or excited by something . ch . 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ibari had been in love with kosaku ' s father , but she ended up marrying a matagi man . ch . 9 ibari is voiced by joji yanami . tsugumi ozora ( 大 空 つくみ , ozora tsugumi ) is the eldest daughter and has acted as a mother figure to her siblings after their mother died . she dropped out of art school in her second year and became a professional photographer . ch . 10 tsugumi is voiced by fumi hirano . tsubame ozora ( 大 空 つはめ , ozora tsubame ) is the second daughter and is two years older than hibari . unlike her mother , tsubame is against hibari acting as a leader , ch . 2 , 22 and constantly getting mad at hibari for wearing her clothes , ch . 7 , 8 , 24 although tsubame sometimes wears hibari ' s clothes , too . ch . 6 tsubame and hibari are almost identical except for their hair and eye color , and they impersonate each other on several occasions . ch . 7 ,13 , 14 tsubame is voiced by kyoko irokawa . suzume ozora ( 大 空 すすめ , ozora suzume ) is the youngest daughter and is a normal high school student . ch . 6 , 19 , 20 she is scared of him @ - @ - @ . ch . 4 , 5 suzume is voiced by tomiko suzuki . sabu ( サフ ) is a member of the ozora group . he is in love with tsugumi . ch . 31 sabu is voiced by norio wakamoto . seiji ( 政 二 ) is a member of the ozora group . he looks rough , but he has a gentle personality . ch . 2 , 4 , 6 he scares kosaku awake in the morning . ch . 6 , 19 , 20 seiji is voiced by toku nishio . makoto shiina ( [UNK] 名 まこと , shiina makoto ) is kosaku ' s classmate and loves hibari . ch . 7 , 8 he is a member of the boxing club , and initially hates kosaku for earning hibari ' s nickname , ch . 8 , as the series progresses , the two become friends . ch . 9 shiina is voiced by katsuji mori . rie kawai ( [UNK] 愛 [UNK] [UNK] , kawai rie ) is a normal girl with a gentle personality who is attracted to shiina . ch . 28 she joins the boxing club as a manager because of him . ch . 29 she joins the boxing club when she realizes shiina likes hibari , ch . 30 , she joins the club after she gets over him . ch . 31 rie is voiced by hiromi tsuru . mitsuo kaji ( [UNK] みつを , kaji mitsuwo ) is one of tsubame ' s classmates and is the boxing club captain . ch . 3 , 4 he is an outgoing guy and is very pushy towards tsubame whom he likes . ch . 13 , 14 his club members have the same face as him . ch . 22 he is voiced by kozo shioya . kaori hanazono ( 花 [UNK] かおり , hanzono kaori ) is kosaku ' s classmate . ch . 23 she is jealous of hibari ' s popularity at school , ch . 24 and takes pleasure in her # ##ness . ch . 26 , 27 together with her three friends , they try to get hibari. ch . 26 , 27 kaori is voiced by seiko nakano . sayuri koenji ( 高 [UNK] 寺 さゆり , koenji sayuri ) is a young girl one year younger than kosaku . ch . 50 she is in love , and will do anything she can to bring her love to fruition . when something surprises her , she writes a letter . ch . 54 sayuri is voiced by yuriko tanaka . = = media = = = = = manga = = = stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! is written and illustrated by hisashi eguchi . following the publication of his manga hinomaru gekijo ( ひのまる [UNK] 場 ) in 1981 , eguchi decided to rebel against the perception at the time that there was not a golden age of romantic comedy manga in shonen manga history . in response , eguchi thought of creating a romantic comedy manga where the main male character is a @ @ - @ dressing boy , and in doing so , poked fun at the genre , describing it as the antithesis of a romantic comedy . eguchi drew up the storyboard for the first chapter in about 15 minutes in a hurry , and came up with the title stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , a reference to hisashi sekiya ' s manga stop ! nii @ - @ chan ( ストッフ ! [UNK] ) . not wanting to highlight the importance of drawing a character like hibari , eguchi felt that the more he could draw hibari , the more interesting the comic would be , so he tried to draw hibari as quickly as he could . eguchi had already struggled when drawing his first manga susume ! ! pirates ( すすめ ! ! ハイレーツ ) , but starting with stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , he realized the expectations he had for his art and decided to start taking more time to draw the chapters . in addition , eguchi was very particular about the appearance of his characters , and he never used the @ - @ ink to correct his drawing errors because he liked how it looked . as the series continued , eguchi found it increasingly difficult to keep at the same pace for the illustrations , leading him to take frequent breaks and to say that " drawing manga isn ' t something i can do . " furthermore , the editor @ - @ - @ - @ in of weekly shonen magazine at the time , shigeo nishimura , refused his requestto release the chapters every other week . when it came time to submit what would end up being the last published chapter , eguchi completed the chapter ' s storyboard , but ultimately completed only about two @ - @ pages of the chapter , leaving out the last five pages . after he submitted the chapter ' s manuscript , eguchi fled to a hotel and locked himself for a day , only coming out after nishimura called him to say that he could not deal with him anymore on a weekly basis . as a result , eguchi abandoned the serialization and the editorial board decided to end the series . stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! was serialized in the manga magazine weekly shonen jump from the october 1 , 1981 issue to the november 1 , 1983 issue . the individual chapters were collected and published in six tankobon volumes by shueisha from november 1982 to june 1984 . edited by katsuhiro otomo , eguchi went against the original design guidelines for the series that at the time was " unusual in japan " for being serialized in weekly shonen jump . futabasha later published it in three volumes in october 1991 , and again in two volumes in october 1995 . shueisha republished it in four volumes from april to june 2001 . shin @ - @ sha republished it in two volumes in january 2004 . in an interview in 2007 , eguchi expressed a desire to continue some of his earlier work , but said that a continuation of stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! would be difficult . beginning in 2009 , eguchi began negotiations with shogakukan about publishing a stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! complete edition manga volume , which included minor revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art . not wanting to end the complete edition with an abrupt end as he had done before , eguchi completed the storyboard for the final chapter and used it as a basis to newly draw the last five pages he had drawn 27 years earlier . shogakukan published the complete edition in three volumes from october 2009 to june 2010 ; shogakukan later published the volume in another three volumes from may to june 2012 . in 2010 , eguchi did not rule out the possibility of ever writing a continuation of the series , though he said it probably would not be a story with the title stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! . = = = = = = = a 35 @ - @ episode anime television series adaptation , produced by toei animation and directed bytakashi hisaoka . it aired from october 20 , 1983 to march 31 , 1984 on fuji tv . the screenplay was written by : shigeru yanagawa , hiroshi tsuchiya , hiroshi tanaka , tomomi tsutsui , takeshi shudo and yumi asano . the character design used in the anime was created by yoshinori kanemori , and the music was composed by koji nishimura . the anime was first released by universal pictures to two dvd compilation volumes from february to may 2003 . a dvd box set was released by tc entertainment in april 2014 . the opening theme is " stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! " ( ストッフ ! ! ひはりくん ! ) sung by yuki yukino and the ending theme is " kongara connection " ( コンカラ ・ [UNK] ) sung by yoko hoshino . = = personality and legacy = = = tamaki saito described stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! as creating a " dizzying connection " with hibari " by contrasting a girlish exterior with a male one " , and went on to say that the series could be seen as a " continuation of the # # ##s " of cross @ - @ dressing manga . manga critic haruyuki nakano has called stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! a successful and outstanding gag manga for its depiction of hibari as a girl and the connection to a mysterious organization . nakano also attributes this unique combination to eguchi ' s ability to draw girls that are not only cute , but who have good looks and sex appeal . the feminine touch in how hibari is drawn has been described as so strong that it makes the reader think that it is a gag manga . in writing for the magazine cyzo , manga critic jyamao notes that because of its overall humor and its visual style , none of the indecency or violence cross @ - @ dressing would engender comes through , which he believes is why the series was able to air during prime time . jyamao notes the more serious nature of the jokes involving the female characters in comparison to the jokes in cross @ - @ dressing , and that some jokes such as those involving women would still be funny today . manga commentator nobunaga minami praised eguchi for being a pioneer in drawing girls with a good fashion sense in stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! , which he callsthus changing fashion in shonen manga from being seen as a " product " to now being seen as an " artist " . eguchi ' s attention to detail is also noted , such as yuki kosaku wearing elizabeth taylor all @ - @ stars in one panel . the manga has been very influential and has had a hand in paving the way for the j @ - @ manga phenomenon . when tegami bachi author hiroyuki asada read stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! in his high school , he admired the novel sensibility , and eguchi ' s work greatly influenced him . according to eguchi , some people who read stop ! ! hibari @ - @ kun ! were influenced to read j @ - @ dressing .