= guitar hero = the guitar hero series ( sometimes referred to as the hero series ) is a series of music video games first released in 2005 by redoctane and harmonix , and distributed by activision , in which players use a spin @ - @ shaped guitar controller to simulate playing lead , bass guitar , and rhythm guitar across various rock music genres . players play games that scroll the @ - @ screen to colored guitar notes on the screen , strumming the controller in time to the music in order to score points , and keep the studio audience entertained . the games attempt to mimic many features of playing a real guitar , including the use of fast @ - @ , hammer @ - @ ons and slow @ - @ offs and the use of the tone bar to indicate the pitch of notes . the games feature single player modes , typically a career mode to play through all the songs in the game , and both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes . with the introduction of guitar hero world tour in 2008 , the game includes support for a re @ - @ game mode with vocals and drums . the series originally used instrumental cover versions of songs performed by wavegroup ##s , but more recent titles feature soundtracks that are original re ##works , and in some cases , special re @ - @ versions , of the songs . later titles in the series feature support for downloadable content in the form of new songs . in 2005 , redoctane , a company specializing in the manufacture of video game hardware , was inspired to create guitar hero based on redoctane ' s experience developing music for konami ' s guitar hero arcade game . they approached harmonix , who previously developed several music video games , for development assistance . the first game in the series was made on a budget of $ 1 million . the series became extremely popular , leading to the acquisition of redoctane by activision in 2007 . harmonix was hired by mtv games and went on to develop the rock band series of music games in the same vein as guitar hero . activision brought neversoft ( best known for their tony hawk series of video games ) on board for game development duties . other companies , such as budcat games and vicarious visions have assisted in the development of the series for other systems . the series currently has four major games ( six guitar hero games , the dj hero , and band hero ) and several games on gaming consoles . there are re @ - @ games for windows and macintosh computers , mobile phones , the nintendo ds ( the guitar hero :on tour series ) , and the arcade game . the guitar hero series became a primary brand during the height of the popularity of video games as a cultural phenomenon in north america . the games have been used as a research and teaching tool for educational purposes . the first game in the series was considered by several journalists to be one of the most influential video games of the first decade of the 21st century . the series has sold more than 100 million units worldwide , earning us $ 1 billion in sales , claimed by activision to be the 3rd largest game franchise behind the mario and madden nfl franchises ; the third main title of the series , guitar hero iii : legends of rock is also claimed by activision to be the first single video game title to reach $ 1 billion in sales . despite early success , the series , as with the entire video game genre , suffered from poor sales starting in 2009 . activision had announced in early 2011 that the series was on hold for 2011 , while a fourth main title in the series was under development ; this title was later cancelled due to the poor performance of the japanese market . activision also shut down most of the series ' downloadable content , although users who purchased directly from it previously can still play what they purchased . in 2015 , activision announced the first new title to the series in five years , guitar hero live , released in october 2015 . the title is considered a continuation of the series , with development being performed by freestylegames , who had developed the guitar hero games previously . = = = = = = = = design and development by harmonix ( 2005 @ - @ 2006 ) = = = guitar hero was born from a partnership between redoctane , then their own company that produced specialized video game controllers , and harmonix , a music video game development company that had previously produced rock , rhythm and karaoke games . redoctane was seeking to bring in a music freaks @ - @ like game , very popular in japan at the time , into western markets , and approached harmonix about helping them to develop a similar game involving a guitar controller . the companies agreed to collaborate , and went on to develop guitar hero in 2005 . the game was highly successful , leading to the development of the successful sequel guitar hero ii in 2006 . while the guitar controllers for the first guitar hero game were designed by ryan lesser , mike kay , greg lopiccolo and alex rigopulous of harmonix and built by the honeybee corporation of japan , later versions and future titles were developed inhouse at redoctane, with development led primarily by jack miller . = = = sales to activision and development to neversoft ( 2006 @ - @ 2009 ) = = = both redoctane and harmonix experienced difficulties in 2006 . redoctane was bought by activision in june — who spent us $ 100 million to develop the guitar hero franchise — and it was announced in october that harmonix would be acquired by mtv networks . as a result of the two purchases , harmonix would no longer develop new games in the guitar hero series . instead , that responsibility would fall to neversoft , a subsidiary of activision responsible for developing the tony hawk ' s series of skateboarding games . neversoft was hired to helm the guitar hero series after neversoft founder , mark jewett , complained to the redoctane founders , kai and charles huang , that his development team for tony hawk ' s project 8 had to work on weekends just to play guitar hero . activision ceo bobby kotick believed that neversoft would help them bring great games to the market , but on release , stated that had activision explored harmonix further as a continued developer for the series , it " may have turned out better " . in 2007 , activision began seeking other publishers for the game ; a nintendo ds version of the game was developed by vicarious visions , and a guitar hero mobile series was created for mobile phones . the company also began planning the return of the series to family @ - @ friendly titles with guitar hero : aerosmith . later , in november 2008 , activision contacted budcat games , a development studio that had helped with the playstation 2 versions of guitar hero iii and world tour , stating that they would be helping to develop another game in the guitar hero series . in 2007 , harmonix and mtv networks released a new music game from music publisher electronic arts , called rock hero . it expanded upon the gameplay popularized by the guitar hero series by adding guitar and keyboard music , allowing players to begin playing drums as well . activision followed up with the release of guitar hero world tour in 2008 , which supported these instruments . in 2009 , activision tripled its guitar hero offerings , and in addition to further continuation of the existing main series with guitar hero 5 and expansions , they introduced the new band hero , geared towards playing family @ - @ friendly rock music , and dj hero , a game focused on turntablism and featuring a variety of mixes . with the release of guitar hero 5 , activision considered the series to bemoved away from a heavy metal basis into a broader genre of music . guitar hero 5 is the first game in the series to use a stylized version of the series ' logo ; previous games used a logo of a circle with no " x " between the letters , which was considered " idiosyncratic with a vengeance " to reflect the series ' emphasis on heavy metal music . activision retained the services of the pentagram design studio to design the game ' s logo . they created a new font , removing some of the " aggressive odd " features to make the typeface more modern and amendable to design feature incorporation to other games such as band hero and dj hero . = = = rise and fall ( 2009 @ - @ 2015 ) = = = the success of the expanded offerings did not translate well to the publisher , citing the late @ - @ 2000s recession ; sales of most music games including band hero and dj hero did not meet expectations , falling about 50 % short of their targets . activision announced it would be cutting back to only 10 skus in 2010 instead of the 25 in 2009 . though redoctane and neversoft continued to develop the fourth main game , guitar hero : warriors of rock , until its release , both studios were subsequently shuttered by activision , moving their personnel into activision studios for video game development , and in the case of neversoft , into its guitar hero division , and transferring all development responsibilities for the series to radical visions , the activision studio which had been involved in developing the wii and nintendo ds versions of the games . in december 2010 , activision also closed budcat games , the arm of the publisher that was primarily responsible for porting the guitar hero series to the playstation 2 . ahead of activision ' s 2010 fourth quarter financial crisis in february 2011 , activision closed its guitar hero business division and announced that it would cease development of the upcoming 2011 guitar hero game . activision cited " significant changes in the music market " to explain its decision . the crisis also affected the guitar hero franchise , as activision stated that there were no plans to publish a new game during 2011 . activision ' s vice president dan smith later stated that the publisher was " not putting guitar hero on hold " and that they were " just not releasing a new game for the year , that ' s all " . in a july 2011 interview with forbes , kotick stated that while the publisher was " going to stop selling guitar hero altogether " , they were " going to go back tothe studios and we ’ re going to open new studios and reinvent " the project , but a former teammember of vicarious visions has stated that as of 2012 , all development of guitar hero has come to an end at activision . another source close to final fantasy had reported to kotaku that while guitar hero 7 was in development at the activision studio , the game was considered a " disaster " . the cancelled game removed the additional music and included only a single guitar , allowing the unit to include a 6 @ - @ button mechanism called the guitar ##ming ; the new unit was deemed too expensive to manufacture and maintain . the developers had originally started the game development from scratch to try to create new music and venues that would be more reactive to the actual music being used to create the feel of a music video , but ultimately this proved too much of a challenge and had to be scrapped . further , with a limited budget , the song selection was limited to " two @ - @ budget " songs of the 1990s , or at least , songs that had already been included in guitar hero 7 . although the team had a two @ - @ year development cycle , it was closed down after activision president eric hirshber had seen the current state of the project past the two @ - @ year point . a potential guitar hero project was mentioned on the gaming website unseen64 for a game titled guitar world , a new multiplayer online game that would combine the guitar hero and dj hero games . the game had been developed by freestyle games , sometime after the cancellation of guitar hero 7 , with the game development being passed to the fairground , using their platform the ride , an adobe 6 @ - @ based platform that would let the game be played on a web browser . the game was cancelled in 2011 along with other cancelled guitar hero games . no further downloadable content for either guitar hero or dj hero was released after february 2011 , though activision returned to releasing music that was already in development by that point due to fan response ; later , in a move described by guitar ##pro as " the final nail in [ the series ' ] coffin " , activision announced it would cancel all dlc releases for the series ( although players can still play songs they have already purchased ) as of march 31 , 2014 . although activision had moved away from the guitar hero series , the lessons learned by them and developer toys for thought to avoid the delays and production costs that came with the highly successful skylanders series and thegame franchise . = = = guitar hero live = = = in march 2015 , activision announced a new game in the series , titled guitar hero live . the title was developed by activision ' s internal studio freestylegames , who previously had worked on the guitar hero spinoff titles . freestylegames was given free reign to reboot the guitar hero series for next @ - @ generation consoles . one of their first innovations was to abandon the traditional five @ - @ button guitar controller , ultimately designing a six @ - @ button guitar controller , with two sets of five buttons each , allowing them to simulate electric guitar playing . guitar hero live was released with a career and an online mode . the career mode uses full @ - @ motion , played from the perspective of a live audience on the note highway , to create an immersive experience to the player . the online mode , called ghtv , discarded the previous downloadable content , and used a live video streaming platform to stream playable songs to players , adding new songs to the catalog on a weekly basis . the game was released in october 2015 . though the game was praised as a reinvention of the guitar hero series , the game did not sell as well as activision expected ; due to lowered sales , activision let go of a small fraction of freestylegames ' developers . = = games = = = = = main titles = = = the original guitar hero was released on the playstation 2 in november 2005 . guitar hero is notable because it comes packaged with a guitar peripheral modeled after a black gibson electric guitar . rather than a standard gamepad , this guitar controller is the primary input for the player . playing the game with the guitar controller resembles playing an electric guitar , except it uses five colored " guitar bars " and a " space bar " instead of keys and strings . the development of guitar hero was inspired by konami ' s guitar hero video game , which at the time , had not seen much exposure in the north american market ; redoctane , already selling guitar @ - @ motion controllers for retail copies of guitarfreaks , approached harmonix about creating a game to use an entirely new guitar controller . the concept was to have the gameplay of freaks with the visuals of karaoke revolution , both of which had been developed by harmonix . the game was met with critical acclaim and received numerous awards for its innovative guitar peripheral and original soundtrack , which comprised 47 playable rock songs ( most of which were cover versions of popular songs from artists and bands from the 1960s to therock ) . guitar hero has sold over 1 @ . @ 1 million copies to date . the popularity of the series increased dramatically with the release of guitar hero ii for the playstation 2 in 2006 . featuring online multiplayer gameplay , an improved note @ - @ recognizing system , and 64 songs , it became the second best @ - @ selling video game of 2006 . the playstation 2 version of the game was offered both individually and in a bundle with a cherry red gibson explorer guitar controller . guitar hero ii was later released for the xbox 360 in june 2007 with an exclusive gibson explorer guitar controller and an additional 10 songs , among other features . about 1 million units of guitar hero ii were sold on the playstation 2 and xbox 360 . guitar hero iii : legends of rock was released in november 2007 for the playstation 2 , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , wii , microsoft windows , and mac os x platforms . the title is the first installment of the series to have wireless guitars included with the game and also the first to release a special edition with two guitars . the game features bono and tom petty as playable characters in addition to the existing player characters ; the artists performed motion capture to be used for their characters ' actions in the game . guitar hero world tour , originally titled guitar hero ii , is the third main installment in the series and was released on october 26 , 2008 for playstation 2 , playstation 3 , xbox 360 , and wii . analysts had expected that future guitar hero games in 2008 would include professional guitar players to compete against rock stars ; guitar hero world tour was confirmed as in development following the announcement of the merger between activision and vivendi entertainment in december 2007 . activision ' s ceo bobby kotick announced on october 26 , 2008 that guitar hero world tour will branch out into other instruments including vocals . guitar hero world tour features drums and bass , and can be bought packaged with a new drum machine controller , a microphone , and the standard guitar controller . a large number of real @ - @ rock stars appear as playable characters , including jimi hendrix , billy corgan , hayley williams , zakk wylde , ted nugent , travis barker , sting , and ozzy osbourne . guitar hero world tour also features custom song creation that can be shared with others . guitar hero 5 , the fifth main entry in the series , was confirmed in december 2008 . it was released on february 27 , 2009 , and includes 83 songs from 83 different artists . the game features new game modes and features , including a ' party mode , ' which allows for the abilityto drop @ - @ in and try and overcome obstacles in the creation of the song . artists including johnny cash , matt bellamy , carlos santana , kurt cobain and shirley manson appear as playable characters in the game . guitar hero : warriors of rock , the sixth virtual console game in the series , was released on september 28 , 2010 . it was the last game in the series developed by neversoft ' s guitar hero studio prior to its dissolution , with crystal visions working on the wii version with added nintendo ds support . the game has been described as returning to the roots of the guitar hero series ; while it also allows for live band play , the soundtrack ' s focus is on rock and roll music and an emphasis on guitar " shredding " . the game features a band @ - @ themed " hero mode " , narrated by gene simmons , that guides the player to select songs to unlock " warriors of rock " to aid them in saving " warriors of rock " and his guitar from his capture by " the police " . following a six @ - @ year delay , as described below , activision announced guitar hero live for release in september 2015 for the seventh @ - @ generation and eighth @ - @ generation consoles . live was developed to rebuild the series from the ground up , and while the gameplay is similar to the previous titles , focusing primarily on the lead guitar , it uses a single @ - @ button style controller with each button having " up " and " down " positions , allowing for more complex gameplay . the game using live footage of a live concert , taken from the perspective of the lead guitarist , aims to provide a more immersive experience . = = = series 1 = = = guitar hero live : rocks the 80s for the playstation 2 , which was released in july 2007 , was the first game developed by harmonix for the series . though it was released after harmonix were acquired by mtv games , it was part of their contractual obligation to complete the game . the game , as indicated by its name , features music primarily from the band . guitar hero : aerosmith was the first band @ - @ themed game for the playstation . on september 22 , 2007 , billboard reported that the band aerosmith was " working closely with the developers of guitar hero live , which will be dedicated to the group ' s music . " on april 15 , 2008 , activision announced that guitar hero : aerosmith would be released on june 29 , 2008 . guitar hero : aerosmith is developed by neversoft for thexbox 360 and playstation 3 versions , while the wii version of the game is developed by crystal dynamics and the playstation 2 version is developed by budcat games . the game features a track list consisting of 100 % of aerosmith songs , with some songs from joe perry ' s solo career or bands that have inspired or collaborated with aerosmith , including run d . m . c . . the series ' next band @ - @ centric title , guitar hero : metallica , was released on march 29 , 2009 . guitar hero : metallica is based on the rock band experience of world tour , offering similar information on metallica ' s history and music videos found in guitar hero : aerosmith . in addition , metallica ' s album , death magnetic , was available as downloadable content for guitar hero 5 along with the rest of the game , with the game being full @ - @ compatible with guitar hero world tour and guitar hero : metallica . since the playstation 2 version does not support it , three new songs were added from death magnetic and are as follows : " broken , bruised , and scarred " , " alive " , and " my generation " . a new feature in the game , where the drummer can access a mode called expert + , has also been added . expert + mode was designed to allow for bass pedal ##s , fast to the point where they would otherwise be out of the playable range of a standard bass pedal , and was intended for a standard bass pedal . guitar hero greatest hits ( titled guitar hero : greatest hits in europe and australia ) was released in november 2009 . it features full @ - @ compatible versions of 48 songs from earlier guitar hero games that only used the guitar controller . unlike the previous versions , each of the songs is based on a master recording that includes actual live performances . the game uses a similar model to guitar hero : metallica , and was developed by neversoft and beenox studios for the playstation 3 , xbox 360 , playstation 2 , and wii . guitar hero : van halen was released on december 19 , 2009 , though those that purchased guitar hero 5 in a special order received a copy of the game instead . like the other band @ - @ compatible games , guitar hero : van halen includes 12 songs from the band van halen , and 3 guitar solos from eddie van halen , in addition to some other artists such as kiss , weezer , blink @ - @ 182 , foo fighters , the offspring and queens of the stone age . another new addition to the series , guitar hero, was announced in may 2009 . dj hero features top 40 hits aimed at family audiences , and features the full band play style of guitar hero 5 . the game was developed for the nintendo ds , using the guitar hero 5 hand guitar grip , a new " drum skin " to replace the original controller , and the ds ' s microphone to support the full band play . musician taylor swift appears as a playable character in the game , as do the members of no doubt . dj hero was announced by activision in may 2009 . prior to the announcement , the company had purchased freestylegames , a small developer of music games , to help produce new downloadable content for guitar hero games and a then @ - @ unannounced music game , later revealed to be dj hero . dj hero uses a special turntable @ - @ hand controller for players to perform with on the song played in the game . the game also features the use of a guitar hero controller on ten specially created guitars ; dj ##man suggested that future dj hero games after guitar hero 5 may feature the use of the same controller . a sequel , guitar hero 2 , was also announced in may 2010 for release in the first quarter of 2010 , featuring more than 70 mashups from over 100 artists . the game features several new gameplay modes , including an " arcade " career mode , head @ - @ to @ - @ , dj battles , social multiplayer modes , and a jump @ - @ in and out dj play mode similar to guitar hero 5 . the game also features more advanced modes for singing and rapping to songs , and a new mode for dancing . = = = previous versions = = = guitar hero : on tour was released for the nintendo ds hand @ - @ held system on june 22 , 2008 . the game includes a peripheral , called the " guitar controller " , a wireless device that fits into the controller slot of the nintendo ds or ds lite . the device only has the standard ds controller buttons and a handle so the nintendo ds can be held vertically , for balance . the game also includes a guitar pick and controller for use with strumming in the game , which players control via the touchscreen . guitar hero : on tour was developed by digital extremes , who also ported the guitar hero series to nintendo ' s wii console . a sequel , guitar hero on tour : decades , was released in october 2008 , featuring music spanning four decades . a third title in the series , guitar hero on tour : greatest hits , was announced despite the rumors of its cancellation , andwas released in june 2009 , featuring songs recorded since the year 2000 . both games use the " dual stick " controller , and allow two players to play against each other using a version of the on tour series , with songs being shared between players . guitar hero was later ported to the nintendo ds by vicarious visions , expanding the play to include vocals ( via the wii microphone ) and drums . the game uses a special " drum skin " specifically designed for the nintendo ds lite to connect the player ' s face buttons to the drum pads . however , the controller is not compatible with the original nintendo ds ##i or the nintendo dsi . however , since the drum skin is not plastic but a plastic cover pad that duplicates certain buttons on the ds lite , a player can simply press the buttons in order to play the song . the game features four @ - @ player local band play in a similar manner to guitar hero 5 allowing any combination of players to be used . the game features a total of 30 songs ; some are from band hero and others are from several guitar hero games ' song lists . guitar hero : on tour does not work on the nintendo dsi and nintendo 3ds because unlike the nintendo ds , they do not have game boy advance slots . guitar hero is limited to vocals and drums on the handheld systems for the same reason . = = = mobile phone = = = = guitar hero iii mobile was released for mobile phones in 2007 and 2008 , and was developed by machineworks northwest llc . the base version of the game includes three songs from both guitar hero ii and guitar hero iii , and has released a new @ - @ song add @ - @ song add every month since june 2008 . the title has been played by over 100 million times , with both verizon and hands @ - @ based players claiming that over 250 @ , @ 000 songs are played every month on the platform . the developers have produced two additional mobile @ - @ based guitar hero games ; guitar hero 5 : backstage tour , released in july 2008 , adds additional @ - @ playing elements to increase the player ' s range in addition to the main rhythm section , while the mobile version of guitar hero on tour , released in december 2008 , expands the included song for play on the bass guitar and drums , allowing the use of the original series to the full band . glu mobile developed the mobile version of guitar hero 5 , released in the first half of 2009 . = = = other developers = = = activision and redoctane also worked with basic fun, inc . to create guitar hero live , a music video game that features 30 and 50 @ - @ second performances of many of the songs from guitar hero and guitar hero ii . activision and konami , who had previously worked together to make sure that the guitar hero series coincided with konami ' s focus on music games , developed an arcade game version of the game , titled guitar hero iii , distributed to stores in early 2009 . the game is loosely based on the guitar hero ii gameplay , but reducing some of the features such as the use of the power button , star power button ( star power may only be activated by pressing the button ) and practice modes , but retaining the ability to download new songs for the cabinet from the player . the arcade version has come under some scrutiny by the american society of composers , authors and publishers ( ascap ) , who believe the use of the game in advertising is related to " public performances " and seek licensing fees to be paid by players of the game . = = = planned release = = = no more guitar hero games were released on the playstation 2 after 2009 , with the simultaneous release of guitar hero iii and band hero . it was expected that the 2010 entry for guitar hero , legends of rock , would be the final game developed by neversoft , based on claims that neversoft would be letting go of its guitar hero division , with vicarious visions likely planning to take over its development . however , reports hinted at the departure of redoctane studios and underground development ( the development studio for guitar hero : van halen ) as possible results from the 50 @ - @ back ; activision moved the game into development within their own division to continue to develop the series , with redoctane founders kai and david huang remaining with activision . a week prior to these changes , the guitar hero studio head at activision , dan rosensweig , left the company , leading to some speculation on whether rosensweig ' s departure influenced these changes . activision and redoctane had trademarked the titles " guitar villain " , " drum hero " , " keyboard hero " and " band hero " . redoctane originally used the titles " drum hero " and " keyboard hero " , but the music used towards the guitar hero title was eventually incorporated into the gameplay for guitar hero world tour , and band hero became its own title . however , as of october 2009 , activision reapplied for the guitar hero title . underground studios ,which had previously helped to bring the band to the wii , had begun work on the 2009 title sing along before activision cancelled its development . dave mustaine , frontman for megadeth , said he had been in talks with activision and neversoft for a guitar hero @ - @ related product . it was later revealed that dave mustaine was working with activision for music in guitar hero : warriors of rock , including an instrumental track ( " sudden death " ) written specifically for the game . other guitar hero products that were announced but not confirmed were a red hot chili peppers @ - @ series title and a playstation 2 title that would have featured a drum machine . = = gameplay = = the core gameplay of the guitar hero games is a rhythm game similar to konami ' s guitar hero and to a lesser extent harmonix ' s other rhythm games such as frequency and rhythm . the guitar controller is recommended for play , although a standard console controller can be used instead . however , the guitar controller has been required for play ever since the inclusion of drum and vocal parts in the series . the game allows changing the handedness of the guitar , allowing both left @ - @ handed and right @ - @ handed players to use the guitar simultaneously . when playing the game , an actual guitar neck is shown up on the screen ( the frets up ) , sometimes called the " note key " , and as the song progresses , colored markers or " gems " of notes travel down the screen in sync with the music ; the colored keys and markers resemble those of the five fret keys on the guitar neck . once the note ( s ) reach the screen , the player must hit the indicated note ( s ) by holding down the correct fret key ( s ) and tapping the energy bar in order to score it . success or failure will cause the on @ - @ screen rock meter to drop , showing how hard the player is playing ( represented by red , blue , and green sections ) . should the rock meter drop below the green section , the song will automatically end , with the player booed off the stage by the audience . successful note hits will add to the player ' s score , and by performing a long series of consecutive successful note hits , the player can increase their score significantly . there is a window of time for hitting a note , similar to other rhythm games such as dance dance revolution , but unlike these games , scoring in guitar hero is not affected by accuracy ; as long as the note is hit within that time, the player receives the maximum amount of points . selected special segments of the song also have glowing notes known as stars : successfully hitting all notes in this series will fill the " star power meter " . the star power meter can also be filled by using the energy bar during certain notes within these segments . when the star power meter is at least half full , the player can activate " star power " by pressing the select button or by moving the guitar into a specific position . when star power is activated , the scoring multiplier is doubled until star power is depleted . the rock meter also increases more quickly when star power is depleted , making it easier for the player to make the rock meter stay at a high level . thus , star power can be used quickly to complete difficult segments of the song that otherwise might cause the effect to fail . in the early games of the series ( up until guitar hero : aerosmith ) , activating star power meant that players could not accrue more star power until the star power meter was fully filled and the effect ended . starting with guitar hero : world tour , more star power can be collected even if the effect is ended by hitting certain star power phrases , extending the star power ' s life by doing so . when playing in cooperative mode ( with a lead / rhythm guitarist in guitar hero ii through guitar hero : aerosmith and as a band in guitar hero : world tour ) , star power is shared between all the players and use of star power is dependent on all players simultaneously activating it . notes can be a single note , or composed of two to five notes that form a chord . both sustained notes and chords can also be sustained , indicated by a colored line on the note marker ; the player may hold the sustained note ( s ) keys down for the entire length for additional points . during a sustained note , a player may use the whammy bar on the guitar to change the tone of the note . also , regardless of whether notes are hit early or late , if the note is held for the entire length of the hold , the player will still award the same amount of score points for the note . in addition , the games include various types of " pull @ - @ ons " and " pull @ - @ ##s " , with @ - @ playing techniques that are able to simultaneously play a fast sequence of notes by only changing the fingering of the fret buttons without having to strum each note . notes where this is not possible are played on @ - @ screenby notes with a white dot at the top of the note instead of the usual black one , with guitar hero iii : warriors of rock adding a white @ - @ glowing dot to make these notes clearer . guitar hero world tour features transparent notes that are connected by a white outline ; players can either manually tap the correct fret for these notes without touching or utilize a touchpad on world tour ' s guitar controller to mimic the same effect . in addition , notes can also be played while a sustained note is being played . world tour also adds an open note note for bass players , represented by a line across the screen instead of any note gems , that is played while strumming without holding down any fret buttons ( the previous installment , warriors of rock , featured an open note sustain for these players as well ) . guitar hero world tour introduced drums and vocal tracks in addition to guitar and bass tracks . drum tracks are played similar to guitar hero ; the player must hit the appropriate drum pad or step down on the appropriate drum pedal on the screen when the note gems pass the halfway mark . certain note gems , when using a guitar pick that has velocity @ - @ activated , become " armored " , forcing the player to hit the indicated drum pad harder to score score points . vocal tracks are played similar to games such as karaoke , where the player must match the rhythm and the tone of the lyrics to score points . guitar hero 5 allows players to create a band of up to four players using any number of instruments . while the band is playing , the stage visuals feature the players ' chosen instruments , along with the footage of the band performing in one of several real and fictional venues . the performance of the audience is based on the performance of the band judged by the sound editor . guitar hero 5 features special effects and other stage effects that are synchronized to the music to create a more complete playing experience . the games developed by neversoft feature a complex storyline , primarily involving the player ' s quest for fame , which is achieved through music played throughout the game . these stories were created by chris prynoski and his studio , monsters , inc . , who have previously done work for the tv show metalocalypse . = = = tour mode = = = the main mode of gameplay in the guitar hero games is tour mode , where the player and in @ - @ game band travel to various fictional performance arenas and perform sets of up to six songs . it is by completing songs in this mode that the songs are unlockedfor players from the rest of the world . players can choose their face @ - @ off character , their song of choice , and the venue at which they wish to play . in this mode , the player can earn money from his / her performances that is sold at the in @ - @ game store , where bonus songs , additional guitars and skins , your characters , and other content can be purchased . quick play mode is a quicker method of playing songs , as it allows the player to select a song and difficulty , choosing the song , venue , and guitar and guitar skin for the player based on the song chosen . after successfully completing a song , the player is given a score , a percentage of how many notes they hit and a maximum from one to five stars , and two in rare cases depending on his / her final score on the song , with three being available in guitar hero world tour . the developers have also added multiplayer modes . these modes allow two players to play lead and rhythm bass or rhythm guitar on the same song , working together towards the highest score . a competitive face @ - @ off mode allows two players to battle against each other at different difficulty levels , each attempting to get the best score on the song . each player plays different portions of the song . there is also a pro face @ - @ off mode , where two players battle at the same difficulty level . in standard face @ - @ off , each player has to play all of the notes in the song , while still trying to earn the highest score . in guitar hero world tour this was advanced on , as players could play a standard face @ - @ off mode against each other at any difficulty level , the lower your score , the more stars were awarded so a player on a low difficulty could potentially beat a player on a more high difficulty . guitar hero tour features boss mode , in which two players face off against each other , attempt to collect " distractions " to throw at their opponents , or to make them disappear . with guitar hero world tour , up to four players can play simultaneously on lead and bass guitar , drums , and vocals , while a total of four players can compete in a battle of the bands . the xbox 360 , playstation 3 , and wii versions of the game support multiplayer modes over their respective network platforms . the different difficulty levels for each player afford the player a learning curve in order to help him / her increase in skill . the first difficulty level , easy , only works on the first three fret strings while using a significantly reduced number of notesfor the player to learn . medium introduces the third ( blue ) fret button , and hard introduces the final g button , adding additional notes . the addition of the orange fret button forces players to move their hands up and down the strings . it does not introduce any other frets to play , but adds additional notes in a way designed to surprise the player and to simulate the player ' s hands to move in a sequence similar to a real guitar . another difficulty added to world tour is beginner , which only requires the player to strum to the basic chords ; using the guitar buttons becomes unnecessary . a new difficulty only for drums was added to metallica known as hard + , which uses the double bass pedal . guitar hero : warriors of rock is the sixth game in the series and introduced a new take on the career mode of previous games . rather than being a quest for fame and fortune with the band travelling to various locations , warriors of rock introduces the " quest mode " as the primary career mode . quest mode tells the story of an ancient warrior who was defeated by a powerful monster and his mystical guitar was lost . the player must amass a band of musicians to help find this guitar and defeat the monster ( called " the king " ) . as the player progresses through the mode , the rockers joining them will transform based on the number of stars earned from songs played . these transformations will empower the player with extra abilities in a game such as star power multipliers or other power ups . these abilities are not unique to the individual rockers and by using them effectively , it is possible now to earn up to forty stars for a single song . = = = characters and customization = = = when playing in quest mode as with previous versions of the guitar hero games , the player has the option to select one of several pre @ - @ created avatar ##s , who will be shown performing on stage when the player attempts a song , but otherwise has little impact on the gameplay . a large number of characters are available at the start of the game , and the player must pay in @ - @ for points earned by successful performances to unlock these characters . many of the characters reappear throughout the series , with the character roster changing as new characters are added or dropped . standby characters that have appeared in nearly all the games include the metalhead axel steel , punk / viking / heavy rocker lars ulrich , punk rocker ##s napalm , alternative rocker judy nails , and punk rocker casey lynch . the player utilized thesecharacters in more detail in legends of rock , where each was given a unique setlist and venue based on their musical style , as well as a unique stage within the player ' s quest ##s . several games in the series feature caricatures of famous musicians , such as sting , tom petty and bret michaels in guitar hero iii , ozzy osbourne and jimi hendrix in world tour , kurt cobain in guitar hero 5 , and taylor swift and the band no doubt in band hero . the in @ - @ specific characters , aerosmith , metallica , and van halen , feature the members of the respective bands . however , in december 2009 , both courtney love and the members of no doubt sought legal action against activision for the use of their in @ - @ game characters singing and playing songs by other artists , which the band believe fell outside of their contract . the ability for the player to create their own characters was added in guitar hero world tour , and is based on neversoft ' s own character creation tools from the tony hawk series . several games on the xbox 360 and wii allow players to use the respective console ' s characters as members of the band . in addition to the characters , in @ - @ game money can be used to buy guitars , accessories and equipment that they are seen playing with . the characters can also be purchased with custom finishes available through the in @ - @ game store . guitar hero world tour includes the ability to completely customize any part of the guitar . the in @ - @ game store in the series is also used to unlock bonus songs or special videos with interviews about the game and with the musicians themselves . = = = = = = = three of the games in the guitar hero series feature a variety of songs ranging from the 1960s to present day rock music from both highly established artists and unsigned and independent bands . guitar hero encore : rock the cradle features songs ranging from the beatles , while guitar hero : aerosmith , metallica , and van halen features songs from the various bands and groups that inspired and performed with the band . songs with profanities have been censored . all of the guitar hero games developed for the previous generation of consoles ( xbox 360 , playstation 3 , and wii ) support downloadable content , allowing players to purchase new songs to use in the respective titles . they typically cost approximately $ 100 through the various online stores for the console ' s consoles . similar to guitar hero 5 , downloadable content for earlier games will not appear in future games . theseries , save for songs from metallica ' s death magnetic , which is available for guitar hero iii , world tour , and metallica . the world tour downloadable content for world tour will be forward @ - @ compatible with guitar hero 5 , band hero and guitar hero legends of rock , and for a small fee , some songs from both guitar hero world tour and guitar hero smash hits will be added to both guitar hero 5 and band hero , limited by music licensing . activision has also stated that they are considering a monthly subscription model to deliver downloadable content to user for both games . guitar hero world tour introduced a music creation mode that will allow players to create and edit songs ( excluding vocals ) via the " ghtunes " tool , which was previously used in all other guitar hero games and band hero since its release . the creation tools were included with guitar hero 5 and band hero to allow creating songs and other methods of generating songs in real @ - @ time . unlike the first two games and the 2007 sequel guitar hero encore : rocks the cradle , the majority of the songs in the main career mode set lists are versions of the same song ; for example , a song may be listed as " the bird as made famous by lynyrd skynyrd " . guitar hero iii : legends of rock introduces a much larger collection of original recordings , and world tour introduced a setlist that contained all original recordings . the songs in the game are all recreated by wavegroup sound which has collaborated before to create music for beatmania , dance dance revolution , and rock revolution , with minor changes to the guitar portions to make them more adaptable for gameplay . almost all of the unlockable new songs are songs written by the original artist for the game ( the only exception is the song " she bangs the drums " by the stone roses , which is featured in guitar hero iii : legends of rock ) . prior to the release of guitar hero iii : legends of rock , activision partnered with the itunes store to release more than 1300 tracks of guitar hero @ - @ related music in more than 20 compilations , including most of the tracks from the games in the series , called " guitar hero classics " . these compilations , such as " greatest guitar hits " and " rock anthems of the ' 80s " , include songs related to but not contained in the guitar hero series . chris miller of redoctane said , " where there ’ is music , there ’ s a hero , and with itunes , we are able to provide fans with a central platform for download##ing their own " anthems . " following the merger of activision and blizzard , the new company announced that it planned on creating an alternative to itunes based on the guitar hero brand that would allow for downloadable songs and their own album releases for the guitar hero series . = = reviews and sales = = games in the guitar hero series have been generally well received by critics . the early games were generally praised by reviewers . neversoft ' s first entry to the series , guitar hero ii , was considered to be particularly difficult , with many difficult songs presenting players with " walls of sound " ; the company never addressed this . subsequent efforts with guitar hero : aerosmith and guitar hero world tour were seen to have some success , with guitar hero : metallica considered to be a well @ - @ rated title and , at that time , the best guitar hero title neversoft had released . guitar hero iii ' s improvements toward social gameplay were complemented by reviews and were a further improvement upon the series . entertainment weekly put it on its the @ - @ of @ - @ the @ - @ rating , " the @ - @ of " list , saying , " this new videogame creates the illusion of musical perfection for even the most novice : . how do you get to carnegie hall ? tap , tap , tap . " upon release , the first game was seen as an unexpected hit , earning over us $ 45 million with about 1 @ . @ 1 million units sold . guitar hero ii was much more financially successful , with over 1 @ . @ 1 million copies sold and sales over us $ 200 million . guitar hero iii , according to activision , was the first single video game to sell more than us $ 1 billion at retail , with nearly 3 @ . @ 5 million units sold during the first seven months of 2008 . world tour broke the series ' high sales records with 3 @ . @ 5 million units sold in the united states during 2008 . more than 60 million downloadable copies have been sold for the series as of december 2010 . both guitar hero iii and world tour were included in a march 2011 list from the npd group of top 100 games in all territories in the united states since 1995 ; guitar hero iii topped the list with worldwide sales of $ 830 @ . @ 1 million . overall , the guitar hero series has sold more than 25 million units worldwide , grossing over $ 2 billion at retail . activision claimed the series to be the 3rd largest sports franchise in 2009 behind the mario and madden nfl football . = = culturalimpact = = the guitar hero series has had a significant cultural impact , becoming a " cultural phenomenon " . the series has helped to rekindle music education for children , influenced changes in both the video game and music industries , has found use in health and treatment of recovering patients , and has become part of the popular media vernacular . several publications , including 1up . com , wired , g4tv , the san jose mercury news , inc . , the guardian , and advertising agencies , considered guitar hero to be one of the most important products of the first decade of the 21st century , attributing it as the catalyst leading to the rise of the video game genre , for increasing game sales for both new and old players , for bringing more new media concepts to the video game industry , and , in conjunction with the wii , for increasing interactivity with gaming consoles . = = legal and practical use = = = = = playstation 2 incompatibility = = = sony ' s playstation 3 console has no compatibility with the playstation 2 guitar hero controller on the system . since guitar hero and guitar hero ii are both not @ - @ compatible through the default playstation 2 controller in the original north american release of the console , it was impossible at first to use the guitar controller to play the game . kai huang , of redoctane , stated that they are " working on that with sony right now – looking at how we can get all the playstation 2 guitars that are out there , and all the owners of them , to play them on the playstation 3 . " nyko , an accessories company , was poised to make a generic playstation 2 controller adapter for the playstation 2 , but put the product on hold due to technical difficulties . tac , an accessories company , also made a playstation 2 controller adapter for a playstation 3 gaming console so players could use their guitar hero ii controllers that were made for the playstation 2 with the playstation 3 . however , the november 2007 playstation 3 v1 . 80 software update has made the guitar controller compatible with generic playstation 2 controllers to usb adapters when playing guitar hero and guitar hero ii . in addition , gibson accessories has released a custom custom kit that supports both games , including the ability to change the handedness of the guitar . = = = patent pending = = = gibson guitar corporation , whose guitar likenesses have appeared in the guitar hero series from the first game to guitar hero aerosmith , told activision on january 7 , 2008 , that it believed the patents infringe ##d u .ltd . @ 2000 @ , @ 990 @ , @ 405 . gibson claimed that this covers music that plays a concert performance via pre @ - @ recorded sound and a musical cue . in 2008 , activision filed a lawsuit seeking a declaration that it was not in violation of the us patent ; activision also asserted that gibson was given an exclusive right by waiting to assert the patent and that the patent was invalid . on march 17 , 2008 , gibson sued six retailers ( gamestop , amazon . com , wal @ - @ stores , target , toys " r " us and kmart ) for selling guitar hero controllers . additionally , on march 19 , 2008 , gibson also filed a lawsuit against ea , mtv , and harmonix over their game rock band 2 for violation of the patent , to which a harmonix spokesperson stated that gibson ' s claims are " completely without merit " . activision lawyer mary tuck stated in their legal brief that they believed that gibson filed the lawsuit due to the fact that " activision was not [ interested ] in renewing the license and the licensing agreement " with gibson electronics . in february 2009 , the united states district court for the northern district of california ruled against gibson in their suit against activision , finding that the controllers were not musical instruments but " toys that play musical instruments " , and that gibson ' s patent only covers instruments that send out analog signals . activision and gibson settled the lawsuit following this ruling . activision , through mark devecka , owns all of devecka enterprises ' domestic and international patents that deal with music games . all patents issued by the uspto are presumed valid . in february 2010 , activision was sued by the patent litigation group ( pcg ) for releasing guitar hero games with false patent claims , with the pcg claiming that games like guitar hero ii and guitar hero were marked with up to 20 songs that are not mentioned in the game along with numerous other false or pending claims . pcg claims that " claims of illegal invention , innovation and rapid growth in the market . " pcg ' s qui tam lawsuit is seeking up to $ 500 per game sold if activision is found guilty . = = = oversaturation = = = many critics believed that the number of releases of guitar hero games was " milking " the brand name and oversaturating the market . parappa the rapper creator masaya matsuura said that the video game market was growing rapidly and needed to expand beyond games that simply required the player to hear the sound of licensed music. ryan geddes of ign stated that he " hit the mark with play @ - @ and with games " , and challenged the game developers to find other ways to promote music and video games . analysts felt that such games must continue to innovate instead of just adding new content in order to prevent " player frustration " . jesse divnich of computer games and media online stated that , much like dance dance revolution , guitar hero and other rhythm games have grew rapidly due to significant new features from other games that have become smaller due to emphasis on music over time , and suggested that for the games to continue to grow , they must look to technological changes when compared with the first @ - @ style shooter genre . former editor for redoctane , mark sumner , believed that activision " abused " the series , as " they tried to get too much out of the game too quickly " . the series has also been criticized for its release model in comparison to the rock band series , causing some critics to express resentment towards activision . harmonix considered the rock band series as a " unique franchise " , and supported it with downloadable content and the ability to import songs from its games and expansions into the other games of the series . critics felt that guitar hero should have been doing the same , either through releasing expansions that could be incorporated into the other games of the series , or by issuing the songs as downloadable content . the release of guitar hero : smash hits , adding older songs from the series to the four @ - @ - matching songs but still adding no additional material , was called " the death of ' music ' " by critics , with no observable technical issues as to why the songs could not be released as downloadable content . ars technica recognized that technical issues might have existed when songs from one rhythm game could be played in others of the series ( such as the one for the beatles : rock band ) , and that the cross @ - @ content should have been a top priority for rhythm games . furthermore , some expansions were criticized for the additional content and the cross @ - @ based gameplay ; guitar hero : metallica is considered to be one of the series ' first games to be developed by neversoft in part due to the care that the team took with developing the game and the downloadable extras for the game . activision also announced that both guitar hero 5 and band hero would support the songs from the guitar hero world tour ( both cross @ - @ disc and downloadable content ) and thehero greatest hits , with music licensing being the main limiting factor on which songs could be made forward @ - @ 2009 . the low number of guitar hero and rock band titles in the market is considered to be partially responsible for the overall decline of music game sales in the latter half of 2009 , along with the effects of the late @ - @ 2000s recession . the market for music games was $ 1 @ . @ 4 million in 2008 , but dropped to $ 700 million in 2009 , as more titles were released that year . former neversoft marketing director brian bright stated that at one point in 2009 , they were planning for the release of three games that year ( guitar hero 5 , metallica , and band hero ) and supporting other studios for the development of two more games , causing the company to lose money both in sales and marketing efforts . according to bright , sales of all the guitar hero titles released in 2009 totaled the number of attendees of the 2008 u2 world tour , despite the failure of the marketing . while activision had originally planned on tripling the sales of the guitar hero series in 2010 , the company changed their strategy , reducing the number of games and focusing more on selling more downloadable content for the series . only two games , guitar hero : legends of rock and dj hero , were released in 2010 , both scheduled for the " latter half of 2010 " . analysts believe that the market will continue to support a smaller number of titles each year , leaving at a " low " value $ 1 – 600 million in revenues annually . kotick stated that part of the decline of guitar hero was due to activision ' s introduction of dj hero , which they gave too much focus and released the existing guitar hero games without the " time and care " needed to continue to innovate with the series . activision uk chief executive paul smith , in response to questions about activision ' s approach to the guitar hero series , noted that guitar hero continued to outsell the rock band series in both number of sales and revenue , with players continuing to purchase the separate games on the platform , and considered the market share of the multiple games as validation for their model . however , after releasing 25 different skus ( rhythm games and bundle games ) in 2009 , activision decided to reduce that number to 10 in 2010 , recognizing the rhythm game genre as not as successful as it once was . activision uk opted to put future development of the series on hold in early 2011 citing poor sales in the rhythm game market , a move that many analysts attributedto activision ' s earlier oversaturation . = = list of games = = all games were published by activision , except the first guitar hero and the ps2 version of guitar hero ii , which were published by redoctane .