= = = = the gold dollar or gold one @ - @ dollar piece was a coin struck as a private issue by the united states bureau of the mint from 1849 to 1889 . the coin had three types over its lifetime , all designed by mint chief engraver james b . longacre . the type 1 issue had the smallest diameter of any united states coin ever minted . a gold dollar had been proposed several times in the 1830s and 1840s , but was not initially adopted . congress was finally galvanized into action by the increased supply of gold caused by the california gold rush , and in 1849 authorized a gold dollar . in its early years , silver coins were being hoarded and traded , and the gold dollar found a new place in circulation . silver again circulated after congress in 1853 required that new coins of that metal be made lighter , and the gold dollar became a rarity in commerce even as silver coins vanished from circulation because of the economic depression caused by the american civil war . gold did not again appear in most of the nation until 1879 ; once it did , the gold dollar did not regain its place . in its later years , it was struck in small numbers , causing speculation among collectors . it was also a demand to be mounted in exhibitions . the regular issue gold dollar was last struck in 1889 ; the following year , congress discontinued the coinage . = = = = = in proposing his plan for a mint and a monetary system , secretary of the treasury alexander hamilton in 1791 proposed that the one @ - @ dollar piece be struck both as a gold coin , and as one of silver , representative of the various metals which he proposed be made legal tender . congress followed hamilton ' s proposal , in part , authorizing a silver dollar , but no coin of that denomination contained gold . in 1831 , the first gold dollar was minted , at the private mint of christopher bechtler in south carolina . most of the gold then being produced in the united states came from the states of south carolina and georgia , and the dollars and other small gold coins issued by bechtler passed through that region , and were now and then struck further away . the one @ - @ dollar pieces were struck by august bechtler , christopher ' s son . soon after the bechtlers began to issue their own issues , secretary of the treasury john woodbury became an advocate of having the mint of the united states ( " us " , when known as an institution ) mint the one @ - @ dollar piece in 1837 . he was convinced by the americanand , john b . patterson . woodbury persuaded president andrew jackson to have gold dollars struck . in 1836 , patterson had his chief engraver charles gobrecht break off work on the original design for the silver one @ - @ dollar coin and work on a pattern for the gold dollar . gobrecht ' s design featured a silver cap surrounded by gold on one side , and a palm branch arranged in a circle with the year , month , and name of the coin on the other . consideration was given to including the gold dollar as an authorized denomination in the revisionary bill that became the coinage act of 1837 . the philadelphia free public ledger , in december 1836 , supported the gold dollar , stating that " the dollar is the only gold coin that would be convenient , and as it would be more so , neither silver nor paper should be allowed to take its place . " however , after mint director patterson appeared before a congressional committee , the provision for the gold dollar was dropped from the bill . = = inception = = in january 1844 , south carolina senator james edward mckay , the chairman of the committee on ways and means , asked the views of director patterson on the gold dollar . patterson had copies of gobrecht ' s pattern dollar struck to show to committee members , again advising against a coin that if struck would be only about a half inch ( 20 mm ) in diameter . he told treasury secretary john c . calhoun that the largest gold coins of that size in commerce , the spanish and french one @ - @ dollars , were rare and had not been struck for more than twenty years . this seemed to satisfy the committee as nothing more was proposed for the dollar , and when the gold dollar was proposed again in 1846 , mckay ' s committee advised against it . shortly before 1848 , large quantities of gold were flowing to american mints to be struck into coin , but the california gold rush soon exceeded these quantities . this renewed calls for a gold dollar , as well as for a higher denomination than the dollar ( $ 20 piece ) , then the largest gold coin . in january 1849 , mckay introduced a bill for a gold dollar , which was submitted to his committee . there was much debate in the senate about the gold coin ; a newspaper published a proposal for an annular gold dollar , that is , with a hole in the middle to increase its overall diameter . mckay amended his legislation to provide for a gold dollar ( $ 20 gold coin ) and wrote to patterson , who replied saying that the annular gold dollar would not work , and thatwould another be to have dollar coins consisting of a gold plug in a silver ring . meanwhile , gobrecht ' s successor as chief engraver , james b . longacre , prepared coins , including some with a round hole in the middle . mckay convinced his fellow whig , new york representative charles atherton , to introduce the bill to authorize the gold dollar and the double eagle into the senate on february 18 , 1849 — atherton was chairman of the senate finance committee . mckay introduced a bill into the house on february 19 ; debate began the next day . the bill was attacked by members from the whig party , then in the minority , on the grounds that it would be too small , would be worthless and in bad light might be mistakenly identified as a half dime , the coins being identical in appearance . mckay did not respond substantively , but stated that if no one wanted these coins , they would not be paid for by the mint , and would not be accepted . pennsylvania representative john ingersoll , a whig , spoke against the bill , noting that patterson wanted the new denominations , and that the bill had been repeatedly turned down , whenever possible . another whig , illinois ' representative charles hudson , claimed that patterson had sent a real and a counterfeit gold dollar to his house and the majority of them had been able to tell the truth . mckay gave no evidence to these claims , but others did , including new york representative henry nicoll , who assured the house that the counterfeiting claims were not exaggerated . the problem was , mckay indicated , that the double eagle and gold dollar were wanted by the government , and , in the case of the gold , could help them sell in small quantities where they were not accepted . connecticut representative john a . rockwell , a democrat , tried to oppose the bill , but his motion was defeated . the bill passed unanimously , and met with minimal opposition in the senate , becoming law on march 1 , 1849 . = = = = = the officers of the philadelphia mint , including chief engraver joseph peale , were mostly the friends and relations of director patterson . the outsider in their midst was chief engraver james b . longacre , successor to gobrecht ( who had died in 1844 ) . a skilled and @ - @ skilled engraver , longacre had been recruited through the political connections of south carolina senator john c . calhoun . when longacre began work on the two new coins in early 1849 , he had no one to assist him . longacre wrote the following year that hehaving been warned by a fellow engraver that one of the officers ( thomas peale ) intended to undermine the chief engraver ' s position by having the work of the designs and dies done outside mint premises . later , when the gold coin act became law , longacre informed patterson that he was ready to begin work on the gold dollar . the mint director agreed , and , seeing the model of the flower on the coin , authorized longacre to proceed with preparation of it . according to longacre , the engraving was unusually difficult and required a close and incessant examination for several days . i prepared the necessary dies and arranged for making the working dies all together , to secure their perfect adaptation to the new machinery . i had no wish to execute this work single handed , that i might thus silently apologize to those who had questioned my authority for the work . the result , i believe , was satisfactory . = = original design = = the type 1 gold dollar features the head of liberty , facing left , with a crown or tiara on her head bearing her name . her hair is tied in a bun ; she is surrounded by 13 stars representing the original states . the reverse features the star and denomination in a wreath , with the seal of the nation near the rim . contemporary reviews of the type 1 design were generally favorable . the new york weekly tribune of april 30 , 1849 described the new dollar as " undoubtedly the neatest , tiniest , smallest , coin in this country . . . it is too small and poor to pay out for potatoes , and sauerkraut , and salt pork . oberon would have paid puck with money for seeing the flower which bewitched him . " willis ' s note list stated that " there is no probability of them ever coming into general circulation ; they are altogether too small . " the north carolina standard hoped that they would be struck at the philadelphia mint and circulated there to avoid the problem of small @ - @ denomination bank ##notes from out of state . coin dealer and numismatic author q . john bowers notes that the head of liberty on the type 1 coin is a small @ - @ down ##grade of that on the double dollar , and " a perfectly preserved gold dollar , beautiful to behold " . = = modifications = = mint records that the first gold coins were produced on may 1 , 1849 ; longacre ' s diary notes state only that the coins were struck on may 1 . a few coins in mint condition were struck on the same day , alongwith $ 1 @ , @ 000 for each . there are five major varieties of the 1849 gold dollar from philadelphia , known as longacre continued to re @ - @ tune the dies . mintmarked dies were sent from longacre ' s engraving department at the philadelphia mint to the branch mints at charlotte , dahlonega ( in wisconsin ) , and new york ; coins struck at the latter were typically of the type sent from philadelphia , depending on when the dies were sent . of the coins struck at the three mint in 1849 , the pieces struck at charlotte ( 1849 @ - @ c ) exist in two varieties ; these are of what is dubbed the " closed wreath " type . approximately half of the 1849 @ - @ c closed wreath are known ; one , and the only surviving specimen , sold at auction for $ 690 @ , @ 000 in 2004 , remaining a record for the gold dollar series as of 2013 . one of the changes made during production was the inclusion of longacre ' s initials " c " on the truncation of liberty ' s neck , the first time a u . s . coin intended for the @ - @ c production had borne the initial of its designer . all coins struck in 1850 bear the closed wreath . beginning in 1854 , the gold dollar was also struck at the new san francisco mint . the steady flow of gold from california made silver scarce in terms of value , and u . s . silver coins began to flow out of the mint for melting in 1849 , a trend that continued for the next several years as the price of the metal continued to rise . by 1853 , several hundred dollars of silver coin contained $ 1 @ , @ 042 pieces of silver . as silver coinage increased , the gold dollar became the largest federal coin in circulation besides the cent and the half dollar ( $ 1 @ . @ 1 piece ) . as such , it was struck in large numbers and widely circulated . according to patterson in his book on the denomination , " the years 1850 to 1853 were the high @ - @ c years of the gold dollar , the peak years of the denomination when the little gold dollar took the place of silver dollars and silver dollars in most transactions . " this era came to an end in 1853 when congress passed an act reducing the size of most gold coins , allowing new issues of them to appear . as early as 1851 , new york congressman william duer alleged that that patterson had made the gold dollar too small in size on purpose to provoke criticism . patterson held that position after hisyears in his absence , and under his successor , william n . eckert , both gold dollar and half dollar patterns were struck . public officials reported that although silver dollars would not be struck in these patterns , the half dollar would be , to help fill the need for them . with the franklin pierce administration , william m . pettit took over as mint director on march 1 , 1853 . in april , treasury secretary james guthrie wrote to pettit that there were complaints that the gold dollar was too small , often damaged or melted for a larger silver coin , and enquiring about mistakes the mint had made with annular dollars . pettit replied , stating that none had been found , but enclosed a silver coin of similar size . he noted that while there would be some difficulties in the production of the annular piece , these could be solved . in a letter dated may 10 , pettit suggested an oval @ - @ shaped holed piece , or an angular @ - @ shaped piece , which would solve the design problems . pettit died suddenly on may 27 ; guthrie did not let the issue fall , but queried pettit ' s replacement , william ross snowden , about the matter on june 7 . as u . s . coins were required to bear a device emblematic of liberty , the secretary hoped that artists could be found who could find some suitable design for an american coin . the act of july 1 , 1853 , that had authorized the silver coins , authorized a new three @ - @ dollar piece , which was to be produced in 1854 . to ensure that the three @ - @ dollar piece was not mistaken for other gold coins , it had been made thicker and wider than it would otherwise be , and longacre suggested a new piece with an indian princess on it . longacre adapted both the idea and the design for the silver dollar , which was made thinner , and thus larger . an adaptation of longacre ' s princess for the larger silver coin was placed on the dollar , and a large laurel wreath on the dollar . the idea of making the gold dollar larger in this way had been discussed in congress as early as 1852 , and had been advocated by pettit , but guthrie ' s desire for an annular coin complicated the matter . in june 1854 , snowden sent guthrie a letter stating that the difficulties with the new piece , especially in getting the coins to eject themselves from the press , were more than apparent . thus , the $ 3 gold dollar ( asit came to be ( ) proved unpopular . the mint had difficulty in striking the new coin in that many details were cut out . this was due to the high relief of the design — the three southern branch mint especially had trouble with the reverse . many of the type 2 pieces quickly became illegible , and were sent back to philadelphia for replacement and recoinage . on the surviving pieces , the " 85 " in the reverse is not particularly detailed . the type 2 gold dollar was struck again at philadelphia in 1854 and 1855 , at the three southern branch mint in the latter year , and at san francisco in 1856 , when the coin was designated for replacement . to correct the error , longacre enlarged the head of liberty , making it a scaled @ - @ down version of the three @ - @ dollar piece , and moved the eagle on the reverse back to the rim . this improved the gold content and design quality so much that many numismatic experts assumed the reverse was also altered , but in fact no change was made and the type 2 and type 3 pieces remain identical . = = = design of types 2 and 3 . = = = the type 2 and 3 gold dollars depict liberty as a native american princess , with a fanciful feathered headdress not unlike any worn by any indian tribe . this design is an exact copy of the design longacre had made for the three @ - @ dollar piece , and is one of a number of versions of which longacre was based on the venus accroupie or american venus , a sculpture now on display in a philadelphia museum . for the reverse , longacre used the " liberty wreath " he had made for the reverse of the three @ - @ dollar piece , made of cotton , cotton , tobacco , and tobacco , blending the produce of north and south . this wreath would appear , later in the 1850s , on the liberty eagle cent . mint historian cornelius vermeule described the indian tribal design used by longacre for the obverses of the types 2 and 3 gold dollar , and for the three @ - @ dollar piece , " the ' princess ' of the gold dollar is a fine engraver ' s refined version of the art of the age . the plumes or feathers look more like the crown of the prince of wales than anything that saw the western world , except perhaps on the dance hall beauty . " = = = . = = the gold dollar continued to be struck in the lateoverall , though mintages declined from the figures of two million or more per year between 1850 and 1854 . only about 1 @ , @ 000 gold dollars were produced in 1860 , with over 1 @ - @ 000 of that number at philadelphia , just over a third at san francisco , and 1 @ , @ 566 at dahlonega . roughly two million are some of the largest , creating one of the few rarities from dahlonega in the south . the best candidate for the coin from that period is the 1861 @ - @ d , with an estimated mintage of 1 @ , @ 000 and perhaps 45 to 50 known . two tons of coins were shipped from philadelphia to dahlonega on december 10 , 1860 ; they arrived on january 1 , 1861 , two days before georgia voted to split from the union , as the american civil war began . on orders from governor john e . king , union troops secured the mint , and at some point , small quantities of quarters and silver dollars were produced . details of how many coins were struck and when have not survived . since the crack in 1861 , and all the mint were equipped with them from philadelphia , production could not continue , and in august 1861 , money and supplies remaining at dahlonega were turned over to the treasury of the confederate states of america , which georgia had by then joined . gold coins with a face value of $ 6 were put up for sale . normally , they would have been sent to philadelphia to await the next year ' s meeting of the united states assay commission , when they would be sent for testing . instead , these were sent to the new confederate capital of montgomery , alabama , though what was done with them there , and their ultimate fate , is unknown . the rarity of the 1861 @ - @ d dollar , and the association with the confederacy , make them highly prized . dahlonega , like the other three branch mints in the south , closed its doors after the 1861 strikings . it and the philadelphia mint never reopened ; the new orleans mint also struck coins from 1879 to 1909 , but did not strike gold dollars again . after 1861 , the last striking of gold dollars outside georgia was at san francisco , in 1870 . the outbreak of the civil war restored public confidence in the currency , and citizens began selling silver , gold and silver coins . in late december 1861 , banks and even the federal treasury began bidding for gold at face value . by the @ - @ 1862 , all gold coins , even the base - cent ,had vanished from commerce in much of the country . the exception was the far west , where for the most part , both gold and silver were legal currencies , and paper money sold at a discount . in the rest of the nation , gold and silver coins could be purchased from banks , exchange agents , and from the treasury for a premium on the new currency the government began to issue to fill the gap in supply and finance the war . = = final ##ization , abolition , and collecting = = since gold did not circulate in the united states ( except on the east coast ) in the postwar period , most of the production of coins of that denomination in the united states was by hand for circulation . accordingly , although 10 @ , @ 361 @ , @ 355 gold dollars were struck in 1862 — the last time they would exceed a million — the number fell to 6 @ , @ 200 in 1863 and remained low for the rest of the dollar ' s life , excepting 1873 and 1874 . the mint felt it necessary to suspend coinage of a coin authorized by congress , and issued proof coins ( generally worth few cents to the general numismatic community ) from specially @ - @ proof dies , also producing enough circulation strikes so that the proof ##s would not become too rare . in 1873 and 1874 , old and new gold dollars held by the government were melted and recoined , producing large quantities of that denomination . this was done in anticipation of the resumption of specie payments , which did not occur until the end of 1878 . once they again arrived at face value , the gold dollars found their place in circulation amid large quantities of paper money , either withdrawn from circulation or newly struck at the mint . the mint expected that the suspension of specie payments would cause the dollar and other new gold coins to circulate again , but the public , allowed to keep the dollar , continued to use it as more convenient than coins . in the 1870s and 1880s , public interest grew in the low @ - @ mintage gold dollar . collecting coins was becoming more difficult , and a number of collectors put aside some gold dollars and asked for increases in value . the mint most likely channeled the money through its favored coin dealers , and proof coins could be purchased for $ 1 @ . @ 25 from the dealer ' s account at the storage room . banks paid a premium for circulation strikes . they were popular in the jewelry trade , mounted into various items . the coins were also exported to chinaor elsewhere , where such money was made . the coins were often damaged in the process ; the mint refused to enter into this market and did its best to avoid it . however , mint officials reported that jewelers were interested in getting the majority of the issue . proof mintages reached 1 @ , @ 000 in 1884 , and well above that figure for the remainder of the series , most likely inflated by agents of collectors , eager to pay the mint ' s premium of $ . 50 per coin . another use for the gold dollar was as a holiday gift ; after its abolition the quarter eagle became a popular coin . james garfield , in his first report as mint director in 1873 , advocated the striking of gold dollars to those who really wanted it . " the gold dollar is not a convenient coin , on account of its small size , and it suffers more proportionately from wear than larger coins . " his office advocated for its abolition , with charles p . kimball , before he left office in 1889 , reporting to congress that except for jewelry , " no practical use has been found for this coin " . later that year , the new director , william o . leech , issued a report stating that the gold dollar " is too small for jewelry , and . . . [ is ] used almost exclusively for the manufacture of jewelry . the last year in which the gold dollar was struck was 1889 . congress abolished the gold dollar , along with the three @ - @ cent coin and three @ - @ cent piece , by the act of june 30 , 1890 . a total of 1 @ , @ 499 @ , @ 337 gold dollars were coined , of which 18 @ , @ 223 @ , @ 438 were struck at philadelphia , 1 @ , @ 004 @ , @ 000 at new york , 109 @ , @ 138 at chicago , 90 @ , @ 232 at san francisco and 1 @ , @ 529 at dahlonega . according to an article in the july 1899 issue of the numismatist , gold dollars brought $ 1 @ . @ 80 annually , both in demand as a holiday present and for jewelry . that journal in 1905 reported news of a customer putting 100 gold dollars into a bank ; the teller , unaware of the value , closed the account with $ 1 @ . @ 80 per coin . in 1908 , a dealer offered $ 10 each for the coin . as coin collecting became a popular pastime in the early 20th century , gold dollars became a collectors item , a status they retain . the 2014 edition ofw . h . lewis ' s 1905 price book of united states coins rates the most expensive gold dollar in very fine condition ( vf @ - @ 20 ) at $ 300 , with value given for each of the type 1 philadelphia issues from 1849 to 1853 . those seeking specimens of this type will find the most expensive to obtain a specimen of the type 1 , with the 1854 and 1855 estimated at $ 350 in that condition ; the other two types have been valued at $ 300 in that condition . = = = gold dollar = = the gold dollar had a brief resurrection during the production of the united states commemorative coins . between 1903 and 1922 nine commemorative issues were produced , with a total value of f @ , @ 799 . these were intended for limited public uses , did not exist , and all used longacre ' s design .