= trials and tribble @ - @ ations = " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " is the 104th episode of the american science fiction television series star trek : deep space nine , the second episode of the third season . it was written as a prequel to the original series of star trek , in the 25th production year of the series ; sister series voyager produced a similar episode , " discovery " . the idea for the episode was conceived by rene echevarria , and ronald d . moore suggested the link to " the trouble with tribbles " . the pair were credited for their work on the teleplay , with the writing credits going to producers steven behr , david beimler and robert hewitt wolfe . set in the 24th century , the episode follows the adventures of deep space nine , a space station located near a stable wormhole between the alpha and gamma stars of the milky way galaxy . in this episode , captain benjamin sisko ( avery brooks ) and the crew travel back in time to investigate the murder of captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) of the uss enterprise by a klingon using a 1 @ - @ trapped tribble . moore had originally suggested 1 @ - @ , the planet seen in the original series episode " a piece of the action " but was convinced by echevarria that the newly created patterns first seen in forrest gump ( 1994 ) could be done on a small budget . after a test shot was made , the rest of the production crew was also convinced that this could be achieved . the budget was set at $ 3 million , with extensive work done on all the original patterns used during the original series . some original patterns were found for the klingons while others were made from patterns created by jeff blackman . greg jein created new models of the enterprise as well as the space station k7 and the klingon cruiser , while 1 @ , @ and tribbles were purchased from a company owned by majel barrett . charlie sheen returned to star trek to appear once more as arne darvin , and deidre j . imershein was cast in part due to her being friends with one of the enterprise crew members . walter koenig , who portrayed captain pavel chekov in the original series , taught the deep space nine crew how to work the patterns on the enterprise sets . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was warmly received by critics with praise directed at the variety and level of detail seen on screen . it wasthe most watched episode of the fifth season . " trial and tribble @ - @ ations " was nominated for three primetime emmy award categories and for the hugo award for best dramatic presentation but did not win any awards . it was released on vhs first as " the trial with tribbles " , and later as part of the normal broadcast schedule . it was subsequently released as part of the season five box set . = = = = = on board deep space nine , captain benjamin sisko ( avery brooks ) is being queried by agents of special investigations agents dulmer ( william blessing ) and lucsly ( james l . brooks ) . the captain explains that he was on the uss enterprise , returning from cardassian space with the bajoran orb of truth . they had picked up a passenger on the ship , a human named barry allen . suddenly the ship found itself some 100 light years away from its previous destination and a hundred years in the future , near deep space nine k7 and found the uss enterprise in orbit . they discover that the trial @ - @ passenger was arne darvin ( charlie brill ) , a klingon agent who had previously been caught by captain james t . kirk ( william shatner ) on k7 whilst attempting to steal a cargo of grain . fearing that darvin may be attempting to assassinate kirk , the crew dress in military uniforms and board the enterprise . they attempt to interfere with history as little as possible whilst tracking darvin . the crew does not initially recognize the klingons of the time period , and when worf ( michael dorn ) is asked about the difference in culture , he replies that the matter is not popular with outsiders ( this is later expanded upon in the star trek : enterprise episodes " affliction " and " dominion " ) . doctor julian bashir ( alexander siddig ) and chief engineer o ' brien ( colm meaney ) get involved in a drunken brawl between the enterprise crew and a group of klingons on shore leave . captain kirk joins them on the enterprise alongside chief engineer montgomery scott ( james doohan ) and lieutenant pavel ivanov ( walter koenig ) . bashir and o ' brien discover that the ship is filled with tribbles . lt ##s worf ( michael dorn ) and odo ( rene auberjonois ) follow darvin as he returns to the defiant . there , darvin admits that he planted a bomb in a tribble to kill kirk . sisko and lieutenant jadziadax ( terry farrell ) searches the ship but they find no sign of the bomb . they return to k7 , and scans indicate that the bomb is in the grain storage compartment . they explore the compartment and discover that the poisoned grain has all been eaten by tribbles , who are now all dead . defiant captain kirk enters the compartment and is covered in green tribbles . dax and sisko destroy the bomb before it can kill him and the defiant transports off into space where it explodes . the crew of the defiant use the bajoran technology to travel back to the present time , and sisko begins explaining the situation to the federation agents . the episode ends with quark ( david shimerman ) in his chair in deep space nine ' s infirmary , with green tribbles around him . = = production = = = = = directing and writing = = = as the 50th anniversary of star trek was approaching , a number of ideas were being put into action . the time star trek : first contact was in production , a television special was planned to celebrate the anniversary and george takei had been cast to appear in the star trek : voyager episode " relics " . producer , steven behr later recalled that he feared that deep space nine might end up being missed out as he considered it to be the " golden age " of the series . however , rick berman contacted behr and asked him if he would be interested in doing something to celebrate the anniversary . behr agreed to discuss it with the staff writers . initially , there was concern that if the proposed episode aired during the actual anniversary weekend ( around september 8 ) , that it would have to serve as the season opener , pre @ - @ empting the originally planned opener . the writers considered several ideas . ronald d . moore had previously brought back alan scott for the star trek : the next generation episode " relics " and since takei was appearing in voyager , they felt that having a member of the main cast from the original series return would be appropriate . some consideration was given by moore to sending the ds9 crew to the pre @ - @ type planet mentioned by kirk in the episode " a piece of the action " . it was rene echevarria who suggested a time @ - @ type episode , which was seen as an interesting proposition . echevarria , however , fell for the idea . moore suggested sending the ds9 crew into " the trouble with tribbles " , as it could answer the question of why a constant stream of tribbles kept hittingkirk in the head . when the discussion came to inserting the ds9 crew into the green @ - @ fight scene , berman liked the idea but was unsure if it could actually be done . visual effects supervisor gary hutzel took test footage and played it for behr and moore , who thought that it was missing something from the original series . once hutzel saw that an extra security detail had been seamlessly added to the sequence , the scene was green @ - @ lit . during the writing process , " the trouble with tribbles " was also consulted , so the writers could decide where to insert footage . the two agents , dulmer and lucsly , were so named as they were anagrams of mulder and scully from the green @ - @ unit . the " tribbles " creator david gerrold was contacted by the new york times , who wanted to interview him about the series and the rumored " tribbles " scene . when they questioned berman about the episode , berman initially denied it . gerrold said that he didn ' t want to embarrass anyone , and would like to be able to endorse the project . berman asked what the episode would be , to which gerrold requested more demonstrations of his work and to be cast as an extra in the episode . berman agreed . gerrold compared inserting test footage into an existing episode to back to the future part ii ( 1989 ) and later said that he would have gone in a different direction had he written the story . however , he felt the final product ended up being better than anything berman would have created . = = = directing , cinematography and editing = = = a number of directors were considered for the episode , with billy west being given the job . west had previously been the cinematographer on episodes for both deep space nine and the next generation , as well as directing several episodes of the latter . west had three days of preparation time before filming began . west tried to achieve the same production values as the original series and found that the conditions and the saturation to film were improved in the same time . visual effects supervisor dan curry filmed most of the second @ - @ fight sequences , and together with west and cinematographer john krossgrove attempted to resolve these issues . this was achieved by switching to a finer grain of film , by utilizing different lenses as well as by shooting from different angles . with gerrold on board as an advisor , west joined him as visual effects advisor on matching the lenses from " the trouble with tri##bbles " . the extensive digital insertion of actors was done in the same manner as used in the film forrest gump ( 1994 ) . the original episode was remastered , and was seen as such an improvement that it inspired the subsequent re @ - @ up and re @ - @ release of all of " original series " episodes . this remaster was conducted by hutzel and was the first transfer since 1983 , when a copy was created for vhs and laser disc releases . hutzel cut several scenes from " the trouble with tribbles " which were matched in " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " . the complete change between the restored version and the original took two weeks to complete with a cost of $ 1 million . it involved both two @ - @ dimensional and three @ - @ dimensional camera shots as well as changes of camera angles and the use of both red and green screens for the actors . not all shots used in the episode were actually taken from " the trouble with tribbles " . the scene where sisko meets kirk on the bridge towards the end of the episode was actually taken from the episode " mirror , mirror " . due in part to the special effects , the costuming , the set re @ - @ , and the royalty paid to the original series producers , behr ##man described " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as " probably the most expensive episode of american television ever made " . the only member of the original series cast who was spoken to directly by the producers was leonard nimoy , who was enthusiastic about the idea and was surprised that it had taken them so long to come up with the idea . the other cast members were also represented by mccoy ' s legal representative . dennis mccarthy decided to re @ - @ record the jerry goldsmith score previously used on " the trouble with tribbles " . he explained that he intended to use the same equipment and resources needed to bring the score up to the same standards as used on deep space nine . however , the producers wanted a new score and so mccarthy explained that he recorded it with a fielding @ - @ inspired mindset . the only score that was directly re @ - @ recorded by mccarthy was the alexander hamilton " theme from star trek " , which featured a 24 piece orchestra . = = = costume and makeup = = = art director john mcilvain led the first re @ - @ sessions for the enterprise and k7 , describing the excitement of work on the sets as " contagious " . mcilvainspent a significant amount of time getting the camera angles correct on the set . mike okuda re @ - @ created the graphics seen on the set , using a computer , whilst others were re @ - @ drawn by artist doug drexler . some areas were not re @ - @ created in time , such as the bridge , which required parts of it to be digitally added digitally . the captain ' s chair from the original re @ - @ creation was also one of the first trek sets to be designed by christie ' s . costume designer laura richarz watched " the trouble with tribbles " while looking for small details to do on the new sets , such as the legs of benches and the chairs on k7 . however , she said her biggest challenge was tracking down the chairs seen on the space station . she contacted john j . dwyer , who had worked on the original series . he explained to her that the company which created the original chairs had gone out of business . after searching and buying retro furniture , the production crew found a single chair that matched those seen in the original episode . it was purchased and a team was formed to create the chairs . the crew were stunned when they saw the new models , with chuck jones exclaiming " hey , we ' re making the show ! " greg jein had already been working on a new model of the enterprise excelsior for the " flashback " episode of voyager when he saw the production footage for " chairs and tribble @ - @ ations " . he promised to make a new model of the enterprise himself , but warned that he didn ' t know when he would have time to do so . he therefore began working on it himself , and together with his team , not only created a 1 @ . @ 5 ft ( 1 @ . @ 7 m ) long model of the enterprise , but created a new model of deep space station k7 and the klingon uniforms as well . the enterprise model was the first to be made of the original star trek set in more than 20 years . new props were also created , with over 1 @ , @ 400 tribbles used for the battle scenes . they were purchased from barrett enterprises , a company set up by majel barrett , wife of star trek creator gene roddenberry . the rest of the re @ - @ creation props were also created , and were designed by steve horsch . costume designer robert blackman was concerned over the re @ - @ creation of the klingon uniforms seen in the original series as heand that the metallic materials used would be nearly impossible to create himself . he was subsequently said to have created four original patterns and an additional one in the production room , calling them a " godsend " . his team created patterns from the originals to match them . co @ - @ up supervisor john westmore had previously worked on a television series during the 1960s and knew what type of co @ - @ up was available at the time . he had the crew expose themselves to techniques of that era to ensure that the ds9 crew blended well into the series . the looks of the crew were also said to be reminiscent of the original series , with alan siddig sporting a style first seen on james doohan . rene auberjonois said that his new hairstyle reminded him of jerry lee lewis . = = = filming and editing = = = the cast and crew were enthusiastic on set , with editor steve tucker calling it a " great party " . behr said of the cast and crew in the episode that " they all were having fun . just being on those sets , working on that set , it was a blast , a real blast . " deidre l . imershein was brought in at the last minute to play lt . watley , as she was a friend of many of the original crew and had previously appeared as a risan pleasure slave in the next generation episode " captain ' s holiday " . she was brought in because none of the actors the crew had used during the casting process could speak the episode ' s one line ( " deck ##hand " ) convincingly enough . her involvement led to the scene ' s being expanded into a single scene where she was revealed to be bashir ' s great @ - @ wife . charlie brill returned to film new scenes as klingon captain arne darvin , while original series david gerrold was asked to appear as an extra in two scenes as a crewman from the enterprise . in one of those scenes he was holding an old tribble from " the trouble with tribbles " . walter koenig was on hand as well during the filming of the episode to show the ds9 crew how the crew were working on the show . koenig later said that he was paid eight times as much for this and the deck ##s as he had received for the original episode . a number of other actors returned to the set during filming , including majel barrett and former the next generation producer ( and tos co @ - @ producer ) bob justman. = = reception = = after the episode was shown , a half @ - @ in special was broadcast on the sci fi channel about the making of " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " on november 2 , 1996 . paramount also promoted the episode by arranging the placement of over 250 @ , @ 000 tribbles on subways and buses across the united states . it received nielsen ratings of 7 @ . @ 7 % , placing it in first place in the timeslot . this meant that it had been watched by 7 @ . @ 7 % of american households . it was the most watched episode of the fourth season during its initial broadcast . the last time the show had received high ratings was nearly a year earlier with season three ' s " little green men " . several reviewers watched the episode for tor . com . torie atkinson described " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as a " great episode " , and " one of the best star trek episodes ever made , for any reason . " she praised the humour and the references , and that dax reprised her role as the real @ - @ in for fans of the original series . she gave the episode a score of six out of ten . eugene myers wasn ' t disappointed with the controversy surrounding the episode , saying that it was " steeped in nostalgia " . he thought that the a @ - @ a @ - @ a @ - @ tribble sequence was ingenious and wanted the episode to work outside of it being good due to the theme of " the trouble with tribbles " . his favorite scene was the constant stream of tribbles hitting people in the face because sisko and dax were chasing them out of the grain elevator , looking for the others . he also gave the episode a score of six out of six . zack handlen in his review for the a . v . club , called the episode a " gem " and a " lark " . he said that the brill film the episodes showed the continuity between the old and the new , and felt that the special effects worked well enough . he sums it up by saying , " it ' s not overly plotted , and after the initial rush of nostalgia hits , there isn ' t a lot of depth or suspense to sustain it . but there are moments , more than enough to sustain the experiment , and the effect never goes away completely . " in the book sacred space and sacred time : star trek and the american mythos , jon wagner and jan lundeen discuss the special effects seen in" trials and tribble @ - @ ations " to the police detectives featured in the television series series . sarah wheeler , in her list of the best episodes of deep space nine for the den of geek , listed " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " as the sixth best . in a list of the top 100 episodes of the star trek franchise , " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was ranked in 32nd place by charlie jane anders of io9 . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was nominated for three creative arts emmy awards : the outstanding art direction for a series , outstanding hairstyling for a series and outstanding special visual effects . however , it was not nominated in any of those categories . it was also nominated for the hugo award for best dramatic presentation , which " the trouble with tribbles " had won in 1968 . = = = media release = = the tie @ - @ a novelization of " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was written by diane carey and published by pocket books . in 1998 , a " the tribble box set " was released which contained both " the trouble with tribbles " and " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " on vhs . " trials and tribble @ - @ ations " was first released in the standard format of vhs releases as part of a double episode cassette with " the trial " in the united kingdom on october 1 , 1999 . a single episode cassette followed in the united states and canada on july 31 , 2001 . it was released on dvd as part of the season two box set on october 7 , 2003 .