= tintin in the congo = tintin in the congo ( french : tintin au congo ; french pronunciation : [ tɛ tɛn o kɔ go ] ) is the second volume of the adventures of tintin , the comics series by belgian cartoonist herge . commissioned by the conservative belgian newspaper le vingtieme siecle for its children ' s supplement le petit vingtieme , it was serialised daily from may 1930 to june 1931 before being published as a collected volume by editions de petit vingtieme in 1931 . the story tells of the belgian reporter tintin and his dog snowy , who are sent to the belgian congo to report on events in the country . amid various encounters with the local congolese people and wild animals , tintin unearths a criminal diamond smuggling operation run by the american gangster al smith . following on from tintin in the land of the free and aided by publicity stunts , tintin in the congo was a huge success within belgium and was also published in france . herge continued the adventures of tintin with tintin in congo in 1932 , and the series subsequently became a major part of the franco @ - @ belgian comics canon . in 1946 , herge re @ - @ drew and illustrated tintin in the congo in his distinctive franco @ - @ claire style for publication by casterman , with some changes made at the request of his belgian publisher for the 1975 edition . in the early 20th century , tintin in the congo came under criticism for both its allegedly racist ##ic attitude toward the congolese and for its depiction of franco @ - @ game play ; accordingly , attempts were made by belgium , france , the united kingdom , and the united states to either ban the book or restrict its availability to children . critical reception of the book has been largely negative , with experts on the adventures of tintin describing it as one of herge ' s worst works . = = synopsis = = belgian congo tintin and his dog snowy travel to the belgian congo , where a large crowd of native congolese greet them . tintin hires a native monkey , coco , to assist him in his mission , and shortly afterwards , tintin rescues him from a crocodile . the crocodile then attempts to kidnap tintin , and snowy throw rocks at the crocodile that knock him unconscious . the crocodile attacks coco , but tintin saves him . the next day , tintin , snowy , and coco crash their car into a train , which the trainfixes and tows to the village of the babaorum tribe . he meets the leopard , who accompanies him on a hunt the next day . a leopard knocks tintin unconscious , but snowy saves him by cutting off its tail . tintin gains the admiration of the villagers , making the babaorum witch @ - @ doctor muganga jealous . when he cures a man with rocks , he is hailed as a boula matari ( " king of rocks " ) . with the help of the other villagers , muganga suspects tintin of destroying the tribe ' s sacred idol . the enraged natives attack tintin , but then turn against muganga when he shows them what tintin has seen of the witch @ - @ doctor and the doctor manages to destroy the idol . tintin becomes a hero in the village , and a village elder bows down to him , saying , " white man very good ! has great powers . . . and mister the great white man ! " angered , muganga starts a war between the babaorum and their neighbours , the m ' hatuvu , whose king plans an attack on the babaorum tribe . tintin outwits them , and the m ' hatuvu cease hostilities and come to attack tintin . muganga and the stowaway try to kill tintin and make it look like a leopard attack , but tintin escapes and saves muganga from a boa attack ; muganga pleads mercy and ends his life . the stowaway tries to capture tintin , and eventually succeeds disguised as a christian missionary . they fight across a waterfall , and the stowaway is eaten by crocodiles . after stealing a letter from the missionary ' s mother , tintin finds that someone named " a . c . " has ordered his capture . tintin meets a man who manages to escape with the stowaway and learns that " a . c . " is the american gangster al smith , who is trying to take control of the diamond mines . tintin and the french police capture the rest of the diamond mining gang and tintin and snowy return to france . = = = = = = = = = = = = georges remi — best known by the pen name herge — was employed as writer and illustrator of le petit vingtieme ( " the little prince " ) , a children ' s supplement to le vingtieme siecle ( " the twentieth century " ) , instaunchly roman catholic , conservative weekly newspaper appeared in herge ' s native brussels . run by the journalist norbert wallez , the newspaper described itself as a " weekly newspaper for doctrine and practice " and had a far @ - @ right , fascist viewpoint . according to harry thompson , such fascist ideas were unknown in belgium at the time , and herge ' s milieu was filled with conservative ideas based around " religion , catholicism , strict morality , discipline , and naivety " . in 1929 , herge created the adventures of tintin comic strip for le petit vingtieme , a series about the adventures of a fictional belgian reporter named tintin . following the success of tintin in the land of the soviets , serialised weekly in le petit vingtieme from january 1929 to may 1930 , herge decided to send tintin to the united states . wallez insisted he write a story set in the belgian congo , then a belgian colony and now the democratic republic of the congo . belgian children learned about the congo at school , and wallez wanted to inspire patriotic and nationalist zeal in his readers . he felt that the belgian colonial government needed promotion at a time when memories " were still fairly fresh " of the 1928 visit to the congo by the belgian king albert and queen elisabeth . he also hoped that some of his readers would be willing to work in the congo . herge characterised wallez ' s approach in a sarcastic manner , saying wallez referred to the congo as " our beautiful colony which has great need of us , tarantara , tarantaraboom " . he already had some experience with the congolese culture ; three years previously , herge had created several illustrations for the newspaper that appeared in an article celebrating the 50th anniversary of henry morton stanley ' s expedition to the congo . in one of these , herge depicted a native congolese marriage to a european , a scene that he repeated in tintin in the congo . as in land of the soviets , where herge had based his stories about the soviet union almost entirely on a single source , in tintin in the congo he used the source material to learn about the congo and its people . he based the stories largely on stories written by himself , with the only added element being that of the slave trade , possibly adopted from the " jungle jim @ - @ type ##writer " . herge visited the colonial museum of tervuren , examining their extensive collection of congolese artifacts , including costumes ofthe leopard men . he adopted hunting scenes from andre breton ' s novel the silence of colonel sanders , while his interior illustrations were inspired by jean rabier ' s work . he also listened to stories of the congo from some of his colleagues who had been there , but disliked their stories , later stating : " i didn ' t like the colonists , who came in talking about their exploits . but i couldn ' t stop myself from imagining the blacks as little children , either . " = = = = publication , 1930 – = = = = tintin in the congo was published under the french title of tintin au congo in le petit vingtieme from 1 july 1930 to 9 june 1931 ; it was dedicated to the french catholic magazine cœurs vaillants . shot in black and white , it followed the same formula employed in land of the soviets , remaining " essentially plotless " according to michael farr , and consisting of seemingly unrelated stories that herge improvised each week . herge later reflected on the difficulty of creating these new stories , saying , " the petit vingtieme came out on wednesday evening , and i often didn ' t have a clue on wednesday morning how i was going to get tintin out of the situation i had put him in the previous week . " the magazine ' s visual style was similar to that of land of the soviets . in the first issue of tintin in the congo , herge featured pierre and flupke , two young boys from brussels whom he had recently introduced to the le petit vingtieme comic strip , among the crowd of people saying goodbye to tintin . unlike land of the soviets , tintin in the congo was popular in belgium . on the morning of 9 june 1931 , wallez repeated the same stunt he had used when germany invaded , having a young actor , henry de doncker , dress up as tintin in circus gear and appear in brussels and in liege , accompanied by 10 african bearers and an assortment of exotic animals stolen from the zoo . brussels @ - @ organised with the bon marche department store , the event attracted 5 @ , @ 000 people in brussels . in 1931 , brussels @ - @ based editions de petit vingtieme collected the stories together into a single volume , and casterman published a second edition in 1937 . by 1944 the book had been reprinted seven times , and had inspired five of the other seven books in the series . the series ' success led wallez to write her##ge ' s money , giving him a monthly salary and the right to work from home . = = = second edition , 1946 = = = in the 1940s , as herge ' s popularity grew , he redrew most of the original original @ - @ and @ - @ white tintin stories in colour using the point claire ( " clear line " ) drawing style he had developed , so that they fit in better with the colour versions of tintin that he had produced . herge also made some changes in this direction in 1940 , when the story was serialised in the flemish @ - @ magazine de laatste nieuws . at casterman ' s request , tintin in the congo was made in re @ - @ white , and the colour version was published in 1946 . as a part of this modification , herge cut the page count from 100 pages to the standard 62 pages , as required by the publisher casterman . he also made some changes to the story , cutting many of the references to colonial and colonial rule . for example , in the scene where tintin teaches congolese school children about geography , he says in the 1930 – 31 version , " my dear ##s , today i ' m going to talk to you about your country : belgium ! " whereas in the 1946 version , he instead gives them a history lesson . herge also changed the character of george macduff , the owner of the leopard that ate tintin , from the black manager of the great british circus into a white " manager of the greatest circus in europe . " in the 1946 colour version , herge added a cameo appearance from smith and jones , the same characters that he had introduced in the fourth tintin story , eye of the pharaoh ( 1932 – 34 ) , which was also set after the congolese war . moving them to the first page , herge featured them in the background , watching a crowd surrounding tintin as he boards a train and commenting that he " has to be a young man going to africa . . . " in the same issue , herge inserted images of himself and his friend edgar p . jacobs ( the book ' s colourist ) into the scene dropping tintin off . = = = = alterations and releases = = = when tintin in the congo was first released by the series ' american publishers in 1975 , they went to chapter 13 , where tintin drills a hole into a black rhinoceros , fills it with dynamite , and blows it up . they asked herge to replace this page witha more realistic scene , which they believed would be more suitable for children . herge agreed , although he regretted the idea of big @ - @ going missing in the congo soon after producing it . the altered page involved the rhinoceros running away , and accidentally knocking over and triggering tintin ' s gun . although libraries worldwide had made it available for many years , english publishers refused to publish tintin in the congo because of its racist content . in the late 1980s , david rodwell , then head of studios herge in the united kingdom , told readers of his desire to eventually publish it in english and of his belief that publishing the original 1931 black and white edition would cause less controversy than publishing the 1946 colour version . after some delay , in 1991 — , years after the original 1931 publication — it became the last of the adventures of tintin to see publication in english . the 1946 colour version appeared in english in 2005 , published by egmont . = = = analysis = = herge biographer pierre assouline believed that herge ' s realism became more assured throughout the english version of the story without losing any of its spontaneity . he felt that the story ended in " the most inoffensive manner " , and that in the story tintin was portrayed as a boy scout , something he felt reflected herge ' s " moral debt " to wallez . biographer benoit peeters opined that tintin in the congo was " nothing spectacular " , with some " rather cumbersome " monologues , but he found the illustrations " a bit more realistic " than those in land of the soviets . believing the story to be " too simple " , he thought that tintin ' s character looked like a child manipulating a game populated by stuffed animals and clay figurines . michael farr felt that , unlike the previous tintin books , some sort of a mystery occurs at the end of the story with the appearance of the american big @ - @ game ##keeper . philippe goddin thought the story to be " more realistic " than land of the soviets and felt that herge ' s portrayal of the native americans was not realistic but a reflection of the soviet militaries . in contrast , harry harrison felt that " congo is merely a regression from reality " , in his opinion with no plot or character ; he described it as " perhaps the most childish of all the tintin books . " david kuper of the financial times described both land of the soviets and tintin in the congo as the " worst " ofthe latter , and that they were " poorly drawn " and " not plot @ - @ ing " . farr described the 1946 version ##ing as worse than the black and white original ; he said it had lost its " vibrancy " and " atmosphere " , and that the new depiction of the congolese people was darker and more like a jungle zoo than the " vast , dusty plains of africa " . peeters had a more positive reaction towards the 1946 version , commenting that it had " shock value " and " clarity of character " because of herge ' s new style and draughtsmanship , as well as the enhancement of the dialogue , which had become " more lively and fluid . " in his 1991 study of the series , author @ - @ marie apostolides argued that in the 1946 version , tintin used belgium and the belgian state as a model for the africans to imitate . in doing so , he argued , they could become more civilized and thus civilised from the perspective of european society , but that ultimately they ended up appearing as africans . suggesting that tintin was projecting his own vision of africa onto the world , apostolides argued that tintin appeared as a god @ - @ ing , with evangelical views in the final version . literary critic tom mccarthy argued that tintin represented the belgian state , but also noted that he acted as a christian missionary , even as " a kind of god " akin to the character of kurtz in joseph conrad ' s heart of darkness ( 1899 ) . mccarthy compared the scene where tintin describes muganga as a fraud to that in which the character of prospero exposes the devil in william shakespeare ' s the tempest . = = = = = = = = = = = = in the late 20th and early 21st centuries , some campaigners and critics characterised tintin in the congo as racist due to its portrayal of the congolese as lazy and backward . according to tom mccarthy , herge portrayed the congolese as " jumping at everything , backward and lazy , in search of intellectual superiority . " there had been no such controversy when first published , because it was only with the wind of change and decolonisation , which came during the 1950s and 1960s , that western attitudes towards indigenous peoples shifted . ian thompson argued that we must see tintin in the congo in the context of european society in the 1930s and 1940s , and that herge had not written the story to be " a good" . he argued that it reflected the prevailing belgian view of black people at the time , one that was more " patronising " than otherwise . jean @ - @ marie apostolides supported this view , as did biographer benoit peeters , who wrote , " herge was no more racist than the next generation . " after reading herge in the 1980s , farr said , " you couldn ' t have met anyone who was more liberal and less racist . " contrastingly , historian michel assouline noted that in contemporary belgium , herge would have had access to work by the likes of andre gide and georges londres that was critical of the belgian regime . assouline argued that herge deliberately chose not to read these reports because they clashed with the values of his conservative party . laurence grove — director of the belgian bande dessinee , and an academic at the university of glasgow — concurred , arguing that herge responded to prevailing cultural trends in his work , and that " [ w ] hen it was fashionable to be a colonial racist , that ' s what it was . " comic book historian mark mckinney noted that the jean @ - @ belgian comics artists of the same period had attempted to depict the belgian congo in a more positive light , citing the influence of jije ' s 1939 story blondin et cirage ( blondy and shoe @ - @ black ) , in which the protagonists are two people , one white , the other black , and tif et tondu , which was serialised in spirou from 1939 to 1940 and in which the congolese aid the french against their colonial antagonists . farr and mccarthy claim that tintin in the congo was the most popular tintin book in francophone countries . according to them , the book remained very popular in the congo even after the country achieved independence in 1960 . nevertheless , political figures in the democratic republic of the congo ( drc ) have criticized the book . in 2004 , after the belgian minister of foreign affairs karel de gucht described president joseph kabila ' s new drc government as racist , belgian foreign minister henri mova sakanyi accused him of " racism and contempt for colonialism " , remarking that it was like " tintin in the congo all over again . " de gucht refused to retract his statement . in july 2007 , british human rights lawyer david enright wrote to the united kingdom ' s commission for racial equality ( cre) that he came across the book in the children ' s section of borders , while travelling with his wife and two children . the cre called on borders to remove the comic , saying that it promoted " extreme racial prejudice " by depicting characters who " look like nazis and act like them . " stating that it was committed to letting its " readers have the choice " , borders moved the book to an area reserved for historical graphic novels . the bookseller waterstone ' s followed suit . another uk retailer , whsmith , said that the book was available on its website , but with a label that recommended it for readers aged 12 and under . the cre ' s attempt to ban the book was criticised by conservative british politician ann widdecombe , who said that the organisation had more important things to do than regulate the sale of its children ' s books . the media controversy increased interest in the book , and borders reported that its sales of tintin in the congo had been boosted by @ , @ 000 % , and it also rose to fourth on the amazon . com bestseller list . publisher egmont has also responded to racism concerns by placing a rubber band on the book with a warning about its contents and writing an introduction to its historical context . tintin in the congo also came under criticism in the united states ; in october 2007 , in response to a complaint by a student , the brooklyn public library in new york city placed the graphic novel in a locked back room , only permitting access by appointment . tintin in the congo became part of the # @ - @ gate ! debate in sweden . swedish newspaper dagens nyheter reported the removal of tinin in the congo from the children ' s section at kulturhuset in stockholm in september 2011 . the removal , dubbed " tintin @ - @ gate " , led to heated debate in newspapers and social media concerning issues of racism and censorship . in december 2007 , congolese writer bienvenu mbutu mondondo filed a complaint in france , claiming that the book was an insult to the congolese people and required banning . french authorities investigated and opened a criminal case . the matter was later transferred to a civil court in april 2010 . mondondo ' s lawyer argued that tintin in the congo amounted to " a form of racism and of white supremacy " , and mondondo called it " racist and obscene " . alain berenboom , lawyer for both moulinsart , the company which controls her##ge ' s lawyers , and casterman , the book ' s publisher , argued that the book ' s depiction of the congolese " wasn ' t racism but rather paternalism " . he argued that banning it would set a legal precedent for the availability of works by other historical figures , such as charles dickens or jules hugo , which contain negative depictions of non @ - @ white people . the court ruled in february 2012 that the book would not be banned , stating that it was " clear that neither the book , nor the fact that it has been put on sale , serves any purpose to . . . create an offensive , hostile , degrading , or hostile atmosphere " , and that it therefore did not violate the law . london ' s office for equal opportunities warned against " over @ - @ reaction and hyper political propaganda " . soon after , swedish @ - @ belgian publisher @ - @ dadaou monyas filed a similar complaint , which was supported by afrosvenskarna , an advocacy group for people of african descent . the appeal to the chancellor of sweden was turned down as violations of free speech restrictions under the swedish fundamental law . freedom of expression could be filed within one year of publication , and the first swedish edition of tintin in the congo appeared in 2005 . the south african comic artist anton kannemeyer has parodied the perceived racist nature of the book to highlight what he sees as the continuing racist aspects of south african culture . in his adventures in afrika ( 2010 ) , a parody of tintin in the congo , he portrays tintin as an explorer with racist views of south africans . = = = hunting and animal cruelty = = = tintin in the congo depicts tintin taking part in what john farr described as " the wholesale and gratuitous slaughter " of animals ; in the course of the story , tintin kills two lions , shoots an elephant to save its life , rams a rifle butt into a lion ' s open mouth , injures an elephant for sport , stones a buffalo , and ( in some editions ) drills a hole into a rhino before planting dynamite in its belly , blowing it up from the inside . such scenes increased the popularity of the @ - @ belgian show among whites and affluent blacks in sub @ - @ south africa during the 1930s . herge later felt guilty for his treatment of animals in tintin in the congo and became an advocate of blood sport ; when he wrote blood of the congo ( 1934 ) , hehad tintin shoot a herd of elephants while in the indian jungle . philippe goddin stated that the scene in which tintin shoots a herd of elephants was " enough to satisfy even the least ecological critic " in the 21st century . when india wildlife trust first published the book in india in 2006 , that nation ' s branch of the society for the ethical treatment of animals issued a strong criticism , and chief executive anuradha sawhney stated that the book was " replete with instances that send a message to young children that it is wrong to be cruel to animals . "