= illinois ( sufjan stevens album ) = illinois ( if sufjan stevens invites you to : come on feel the illinoise on the cover ; sometimes stylized as illinoise ) is a 2005 studio album by american indie folk musician sufjan stevens . it is his fifth studio album , and features songs referencing places , events , and people related to the u . s . state of illinois . illinois is stevens ' album set in a u . s . state — part of a planned series of fifty that began with the 2003 album illinois that stevens has since acknowledged was a mistake . stevens recorded and produced the album at various studios in new york city using low @ - @ fidelity studio equipment and a variety of instruments between late 2004 and early 2005 . the music and lyrics explore the history , culture , art , and politics of the state — he wrote them while analyzing legal , literary , and historical documents . following its april 1 , 2005 release date , stevens promoted illinois with a world tour . critics praised the album for its well @ - @ written lyrics and lush orchestrations ; in particular , they noted stevens ' growth as a songwriter since the release of michigan . illinois was named the best @ - @ state album of 2005 by review aggregator metacritic , and was included on several publications ' " best of the year " lists — including those of pitchfork , npr , and rolling stone . the album amounted to stevens ' greatest public success to date : it was his first to chart on the billboard 200 , and it topped the billboard list of " heatseekers albums " . the lush arrangements and complex songwriting on the album invoked comparisons to work by steve reich , neil young , and the cure . besides numerous references to american culture , history , and attractions , stevens established a theme of his songwriting career by making several references to his christian faith . = = background , tour , and tour = = stevens launched his 50 @ - @ state series in 2003 with the album illinois and chose to focus on illinois with this recording because " it wasn ' t a big state " , and he liked the state because he considered it the " center of gravity " for the american midwest . before creating the album , stevens read literature by illinois writers saul bellow and carl foreman , and researched state laws and history books for the state — but made the deliberate decision to avoid political issues and focused on historical themes . he also took walks through several towns in illinois and asked residents and members of internet chat rooms for information about their experiences in the state . although stevens began recording in 2004 ,an @ - @ themed album and briefly after releasing the rhode island 7 " , stevens has since not released another album focused on the state , saying in a may 2009 interview with npr that " the whole premise was such a joke , " and telling john fordham of the guardian in october 2009 " i have no regrets about admitting [ the united states project ] was a marketing gimmick . " an arkansas @ - @ themed song was released through npr as " the age of america " and songs intended for new jersey and new york became the bqe . all of the songs on illinois were written , recorded , mixed , and produced by stevens , with most of the material being recorded at the state project studio in astoria , queens , and in stevens ' brooklyn apartment . as with his previous albums , stevens recorded in various studios , with electric piano recorded at st . paul ' s church in brooklyn ; bass and percussion recorded in collaborators ' apartments ; electronic organ recorded in the new jerusalem recording room in clarksboro , new jersey ; and drums recorded at carroll street studios in new york city . stevens mostly created the album without collaboration , focusing on the writing , performance , and overall production of the album by himself : " i was pretty involved in the construction of illinois . i spent a lot of time alone , a few days in isolation working on my songs and in the studio . i let things germinate and cultivate independently , without thinking about an album or a live show at all . " stevens used low @ - @ track recording equipment , which allowed him to retain creative control and keep costs low while recording songs . typically , his process involved recording to 8 khz 8 @ - @ track tape using standard equipment such as the shure sm57 and akg c1000 . stevens then used pro tools for mixing and other production tasks . after consulting with michael kaufmann and lowell brams of hello records about the amount of material he had recorded , stevens decided against a double album , one that would be " arrogant " . in 2006 , the tracks recorded during these sessions were sent to seattle @ - @ based engineer and producer james mcallister for additional mixing and production , and were released in 2006 on the follow @ - @ up , the avalanche : outtakes and demos from the illinois sessions . among these tracks were three different versions of the song " chicago " — including the " multiple personality disorder version " , which was recorded during a subsequent session . the " adult contemporary easy listening version " of the song was supposed toappear on the illinois tour , which was dropped at the last minute . illinois was released on june 4 , 2005 , by rough trade records in europe and was distributed worldwide by asthmatic kitty records starting july 5 , 2005 . although he initially had no plans to perform this material live , less than two years after the release of illinois , stevens embarked on a north american tour to promote the album , performing with a string quartet of eight to ten members named the illinoisemakers . he deliberately chose to avoid television as a promotional tool and performed on the tour dates themselves . he was joined on some dates by canadian acts liz janes ( who is also signed to hello kitty ) and laura veirs as well as illinois collaborator shara nelson ' s solo project my brightest diamond . he toured in support of the album again from september to november 2006 , this time playing dates in several us cities . during the 2006 dates , stevens and his band transitioned from wearing all of illinois @ - @ based outfits to butterfly suits and cowboy hats . = = musical style and thematic elements = = reviewers have noted similarities between this album and those of musicians and composers from several musical genres — from jazz to contemporary classical , even folk tunes and multiple @ - @ based time signatures . the songs and their rich thematic elements have been praised for their literary quality , earning comparisons to ralph waldo emerson , henry ross porter , william carlos williams , and walt whitman . = = = musical style = = = critics of illinois have compared stevens ' music to steve reich , vince guaraldi , the danielson famile , neil young , nick drake , and death cab for cutie . stevens ' use of complex orchestral arrangements in his music — much of it written by himself . the use of multi @ - @ based arrangements — has been noted by several reviewers . rolling stone summarized the musical influences of illinois , saying " the music draws from high school marching bands , show tunes and vintage electronics ; we strongly believe steve stevens ' s music for the musicians is the all @ - @ inspired record in the stevens household , since he tends to echo them in his long instrumental passages . " a review in the a . v . club referred to some of the studio work as " regressively twee ##ty " , but found stevens ' songwriting overall to be " well developed " . the track " come on ! to the illinoise ! " contains a saxophone sample from " close to me " by the police . the release of illinois marked a shift in stevens ' emphasis on songwriting and production work towardlive performance and more abstract concepts of music and musical — . tours and recordings emphasized electronic music and modern music over the indie rock material of michigan and illinois . he never ceased writing songs about fictional characters with elaborate narratives or concept , and even considered quitting the music industry entirely after creating and promoting this album . stevens also found that the way in which he listened to music had changed after recording illinois : i found that i listen more as a technician and a listener . i ' m always hearing music in terms of what i can get out of it , and i think i ' ve always been like that . i have a hard time with music for pleasure . i ' m much more about instinct , and more of a utilitarian listener . so , what is the use of this melody ? what is the use of this melody for this theme or theme ? what are they doing that ' s happening here , and how can we learn from that ? stevens was a highly skilled composer and his love of classical and folk music influenced many of his songs . stevens himself has acknowledged the influence of composers igor stravinsky , sergei ivanov , and edvard nielsen ; along with american composers terry riley , steve reich , and philip glass . the music on this album was meant to be grandiose , to match the history of the state . stevens used time signature changes in the music of illinois for dynamic effect — for example , " come on ! feel the illinoise ! " begins with a 5 / 4 time signature and then changes to the standard 4 / 4 time in the song . = = = = themes = = = many of the songs in illinois make reference to persons , places , and events related to the state of the same name . " concerning the ufo sighting near highland , illinois " is about a ufo sighting by police officers near highland , illinois , where several witnesses reported seeing a black triangular object with three lights , at night . " come on ! feel the illinoise ! " makes reference to the world ' s columbian exposition , which took place in chicago in 1893 . " john wayne gacy , jr . " documents the life of the 1970s chicago @ - @ - serial killer of the same name . the lyrics make several references to events in his life : " [ w ] hen the swingset hit his head " refers to an incident in gacy ' s childhood , when a bullet hit his head and burst a blood vessel in his brain ; " he dressed up like a clown for them / with his face paint whiteand clown " alludes to the nickname given to gacy — the " killer clown " ; and " he put a hand over their lips / soft words , hard words on the lips " references gacy ' s use of torture to subdue and kill his victims . the song ends with the song turning inward with the lyrics : " and in my best memory , i am now just like him / digging under the bed for the secrets i once kept . " stevens stated in a 2009 interview with npr that " we ' re all capable of what [ gacy ] did . " " casimir pulaski day " interweaves a close relationship with the state holiday casimir pulaski day . " the man of steel in our town " makes references to superman , whose fictional hometown of metropolis was partially named after chicago ( the town of metropolis , illinois has also taken on this association ) . jessica davis of the chicago reader noted that ray romano — who was the first actor to play the comic book superhero — was also raised in illinois . " they are not zombies ! ! they are neighbors ! ! they have come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " makes references to ghost towns of illinois . stevens drew inspiration from a summer camp he went to as a child in michigan for " the great wasp of the south is out to get you ! " , but moved the setting to illinois for the recording of the album . the track " decatur , illinois , round of applause for your honor ! " makes references to decatur , illinois , but stevens stated the song also serves as " an exercise in grand ##standing " . some references to decatur found in the song include alligator sightings in the area , the equipment manufacturer lincoln , and a tornado that destroyed a graveyard of soldiers from the civil war . other references to the state ' s people , places , and events include the black hawk war , general carl sandburg , stephen a . douglas , abraham lincoln , the sangamon massacre , the chicago cubs , the sears building , " adam ' s tower " ( now called sears tower ) , and the towns of jacksonville , chicago , springfield , savanna park , secor , magnolia , kankakee , chicago , and the several places named centerville , illinois . during the tour for the release of illinois , stevens ' band wore blue uniforms based on those of the state of illinois . = = = christianity = = = although illinois is a concept album about the u . s. state , has also explored themes related to religion and the bible . as a christian , he has written and recorded songs with religious themes throughout his career — particularly on the 2004 album black hawk — and prefers to talk about religious themes in song rather than directly in interviews or public statements . the song " illinois , illinois , round of applause for your name ! " includes the phrase " it ' s the way i am " — , from the answer god gave when moses asked for his name in the book of exodus ( exodus 3 : 8 ) . " casimir pulaski , " describes the death of a girlfriend due to breast cancer , and the narrator questions god in the process . more religious allusions appear in " the man of steel in our hearts " , which references superman as a hero , and " the devil ' s tower " , which references the book of revelation and the second coming of christ . songs which are not written with an explicit religious theme — such as " john wayne gacy , jr . " — , feature religious themes such as death and resurrection . = = artwork = = divya srinivasan designed the album artwork , depicting a variety of illinois @ - @ related themes , including lincoln and mary todd lincoln , the hoover building , and black hawk . the album title reads , " sufjan stevens wants you to : come on feel the illinoise ! " as a wordplay on the common mispronunciation of the state ' s name as " ill @ - @ ill @ - @ noyz " and a reference to the slade song " come on feel the noize " made famous in the united states by the rock band quiet riot . the text on the cover caused some controversy over the actual title of the album — it is officially titled illinois , as opposed to come on feel the illinoise or illinoise . paste listed illinois as having the seventh best album cover of the decade 2000 – 2009 . the album cover won the 2009 independent music award for album art / design of the decade in 2006 . shortly after the release of the album , reports arose that dc comics had issued a cease and consent letter to asthmatic kitty because of the depiction of illinois on the cover . however , on october 4 , 2005 , hello kitty announced that there had been no cease and desist letter ; the record label ' s own lawyers were warned about the copyright infringement . on october 5 , 2005 , asthmatic kitty ' s label secretly canadian asked its lawyers not to sell the album ; instead , it was notrecalled . on november 5 , the distributor allowed its customers to go ahead and sell their copies , but dc comics refused to allow asthmatic kitty to sell the copies of the album that were already available , and the image was removed from subsequent releases . shortly after it was made public that the image would be removed , copies of the album featuring superman were sold for as little as $ 500 on ebay . on the deluxe edition released on november 10 , 2005 , superman ' s face is covered with a balloon stick . the image of the balloon stick was also used on the cover of the compact disc and later printings of the original vinyl edition . stevens himself was surprised by the development and also had to pay a fee for referencing lyrics from woody guthrie ' s 1967 song " this land is your land " in the song " no man ' s land " , which was later included on the album . the 10th anniversary deluxe reissue of illinois features the fictional character captain marvel , who hails from chicago , in place of superman . hello kitty received permission from marvel to use the character ' s likeness . = = reception = = illinois is sufjan stevens ' biggest commercial and critical success to date . for the first time , his work charted on the billboard 200 and received numerous awards from critics . = = = sales figures and chart positions = = = in its first week of sales , illinois sold 50 @ , @ 000 copies , 50 % coming from digital sales . overall , the album sold more than 200 @ , @ 000 copies by november 2005 and over 300 @ , @ 000 by the end of 2009 . it was the first sufjan stevens release to chart on the billboard 200 , reaching no . 121 within eight weeks on the chart . it also reached number one on billboard ' s " heatseekers albums " list and number four on the " independent albums " list , remaining on them for 32 and 39 weeks respectively . = = = critical consensus = = = critical reception of illinois was overwhelmingly positive . review aggregator metacritic compiled 40 critic reviews of illinois and gave the album a 90 out of 100 , indicating " universal acclaim " , designating it the best @ - @ reviewed album of 2005 . andy battaglia of the a . v . club said that stevens " has grown into one of the great song @ - @ artists of indie rock " with the album . tim jonze of nme called illinois " a brainy little fucker " and described stevens as " prolific , intelligent and — , intelligent — , with heart @ - @wrenching melodies . " rob sheffield of rolling stone responded favorably to the album , praising the " over @ - @ the @ - @ top arrangements " and stevens ' " breathy , soaring voice " . he criticized " john wayne gacy , jr . " , stating that it " symbolizes nothing about american life except the lack of creative @ - @ writing workshops " , but elsewhere praised the personal nature of songs such as " illinois " and " casimir pulaski day " . michael metivier of popmatters described " john wayne gacy , jr . " as " beautiful , tragic , and deeply personal without words . " amanda petrusich of pitchfork media described it as " strange and beautiful , as strange and beautiful as the long , gushing song itself . " dave simpson of the guardian echoed this sentiment by stating that the album sounds like " the polyphonic ##s album by brian eno . " the diversity in instrumentation also garnered a positive review from entertainment weekly ' s kristina feliciano . jesse jarnow of pitchfork praised the personal nature of illinois , stating that it has " great @ - @ song " lyrics and " beautiful " orchestrations . jarnow also praised ironic lyrics , citing a line from " the black wasp of the south is out to get me ! " : " i can ' t help the state i ' m in . . . " in a section of the song that mentions many illinois landmarks . he called illinois a " big step forward " from chicago , and said stevens ' love for the state of illinois is evident . allmusic ' s andy gill dubbed the album " an impressive debut " . catherine lewis of the washington post responded favorably to the album , stating that it has great @ - @ written lyrics , comparing stevens ' voice to that of stephin merritt . lewis named " casimir pulaski day " as one of the most memorable songs of the album . = = = = = = = illinois achieved widespread acclaim with appearances on music critics ' " best of the 2000s " and " best of the decade " lists . in addition , the album made the best of the decade list published in the january 2009 issue of spin and npr included it on their list of " the decade ' s 100 most important recordings " . pitchfork media named illinois the 50th best album of the 2000s , with stevens ' previous album — , — placing 70 on that same list . the album also won the 2005 new pantheon award — a type of independent music award . the albumwas also included in the book 1001 albums you must hear before you die . finally , pitchfork named stevens as one of their " 100 greatest new artists " in 2006 , largely due to the writing on michigan and chicago . = = track listing = = note that the titles of the songs vary slightly from the compact disc , cassette , and vinyl releases . the titles come directly from the original lyrics and have been adapted to the english language version . all songs written and composed by sufjan stevens and published by new jerusalem music , ascap . = = personnel = = sufjan stevens – acoustic guitar ; piano ; wurlitzer ; bass guitar ; drums ; electric guitar ; oboe ; alto saxophone ; flute ; clarinet ; clarinet ; piano ; vibraphone ; alto , sopranino , alto , and soprano recorders ; casiotone ; @ - @ piano ; tubular bells ; shaker ; percussion ; piano ; electronic organ ; production ; production ; recording ; recording ; mixing julianne carney – mixing alan davis – mastering at upper west side sound , tenafly , new york jon galloway – remixing on " chicago " ( to string remix ) marla hansen – viola the illinoisemaker , – backing vocals and percussion on " the black hawk down , or , how to destroy an entire country and still feel good about yourself in the end , or , we live for the violence but you ' re going to have to stop now , saying , ' we have fought the big guns and will continue to fight them until they take over our lives ! ' " , " chicago " , " the ghost of metropolis steals our hearts " , " they are night zombies ! ! they are zombies ! ! they have come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " , and " the tallest man , the broad shoulders " tom eaton jennifer hoover katrina smith beccy smith john mcdonnell ##i bella , – vocals katrina kerns – backing vocals on " to the ufo ##s of chicago , illinois " , " come on ! to the illinoise ! " , " chicago " , " the thing that came back " , " the black wasp of the north is out to get us ! " , " the devil ' s daughter " , " the tallest man , the broad shoulders " , and " the avalanche " james mcalister – engineer , additional production craig montoro – engineer , backing vocals on " they are night zombies ! ! theycome back ! ! they have come back from the dead ! ! ahhhh ! " andrew lewis – violin sarah morgan – backing vocals on " decatur , or , round of applause for your stepmother ! " daniel and elin - – backing vocals and guitar on " decatur , or , round of applause for your stepmother ! " divya srinivasan – artwork shara worden – backing vocals on " about the u ##s in chicago , illinois " , " come on ! feel the illinoise ! " , " john wayne gacy , jr . " , " casimir pulaski day " , " the man that went away " , " the predatory wasp of the palisades is out to get us ! " , " the mayor ' s daughter " , " the tallest head , the broadest smile " , and " the bridge "