= man down ( song ) = " man down " is a song by american singer rihanna from her fifth studio album , loud ( 2010 ) . singer shontelle and musical duo rock city wrote the song with its executive producer , drake . they wrote it during a writing camp , in los angeles of march 2010 , held by rihanna ' s record label to develop compositions for possible inclusion on the then @ - @ untitled album . rock city were inspired by bob dylan ' s 1973 song " i shot the man " and set out to create a song which has the same feel but different perspective . it is a pop song which incorporates elements of ragga and electronic ##a . specifically , rihanna becomes a woman after she shoots a man , an action she later regrets . several critics singled out " man down " as loud ' s highlight , while others commented on her prominent west indian accent and vocal delivery . def jam released " man down " on may 3 , 2011 , as the fifth single from the album . in the united states , the single reached number 13 on the billboard hot 100 and number one on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop songs chart . it has been certified double platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) . the song topped the chart in france for two consecutive weeks and reached the top 10 in belgium and the netherlands . paul mandler directed the music video , in which rihanna ' s character kills a man after he attacks her . the video was criticized by the parents ' council , deaf ears and mothers against violence , who criticized rihanna for suggesting that violence is an acceptable form of justice for rape victims . however , actress gabrielle union , another rape victim , praised the video for being relatable . " man down " was on the set list for three of rihanna ' s albums – the loud tour ( 2011 ) , the diamonds world tour ( 2013 ) and the anti world tour ( 2016 ) . = = = = = in march 2010 , record label def jam held a writing camp in los angeles for songwriters and producers to develop material for possible inclusion on rihanna ' s then @ - @ untitled fifth studio album , loud . def jam sought out nearly every recording studio in los angeles in order to record as many songs as possible . ray daniels , the manager of musical duo rock city ( brothers theron and timothy daniels ) , was present during the sessions , and stated that a writing camp typically involves the band hiring ten recording studios for two songs at the cost of $ 25 @ , @ 000 per song. he revealed that this is where songwriters have lyrics but no music , and where producers have music but no lyrics . shama joseph , better known as sham , was hired as one of the songwriters to work on the songs at the camp . sham ' s brother joseph arranged his work at the camp through an acquaintance who was an employee of the record label . sham explained that he caught a flight to los angeles and began working on songs as soon as he arrived , stating that he had " nothing to lose and everything to gain " . he was inspired by a video of rihanna performing songs at a concert that was caribbean themed . sham felt that rihanna had not heard the @ - @ themed music since her debut album , music of the sun ( 2005 ) . = = production and engineering = = according to daniels , rock city knew sham because they had not heard the west indian / caribbean @ - @ themed music that she had created during the camp . sham played the music to them , to which the brothers responded " let ' s give rihanna a one @ - @ theme ! like , a response to ' i shot the sheriff ' ! " together , sham and rock city wrote the lyrics to " man down " in twelve hours . in an mtv news interview , rock city said they wanted to create a song that would embody bob marley ' s " i shot the sheriff " ( 1973 ) from a caribbean perspective and to " tap [ rihanna ' s ] island roots in a way that was authentic " . singer shontelle said that rihanna met her during the last girl on earth tour and asked her to be involved with the project . she said that rihanna was impressed when she began recording her vocals in the recording studio . shontelle elucidated that during one of rihanna ' s concerts , the singer left the stage and then returned to the tour bus to work in the studio . daniels said that once the writing camp had finished , rihanna listened to all of the songs which had been written for her and chose her own . in january 2010 , two months after rihanna left the writing camp , rihanna called him and said that she wanted to record " man down " for out on loud . rihanna later described the sentiment she wanted to express as " gangsta " , and commented on how the culture had influenced her musical style : " i ' m very influenced by the culture [ and it ] has been a part of me since i was young , and i grew up listening to it . it was exciting for me to take this culture as my own and i a songwith this , and with the song being like that . " the song was composed during rihanna ' s last girl on earth tour . the song ' s instrumental was produced by cary clark at the factory in los angeles . kuk harrell recorded rihanna ' s vocals with chris gudwin and marcos tovar at westlake recording studios , also in los angeles . bobby campbell assisted with vocal production and engineering . the song was mixed by manny marroquin at larrabee sound studios in los angeles , assisted by erik madrid and carlos plata . daniels estimated the total cost of the songwriting camp to be approximately $ 50 @ , @ 000 , or $ 18 @ , @ 000 for each of the eleven songs which were included on loud ; the team consisted of forty songwriters and producers . daniels said that owl city received $ 15 @ , @ 000 and another $ 15 @ , @ 000 for their involvement in the writing of " man down " . daniels said that " to get that many hours of work from a professional songwriting team is amazing — , before you take into account the fee for the song " . the fee of $ 15 @ , @ 000 for " man down " was originally estimated prior to rihanna entering the studio with a professional producer . although makeba riddick did not serve as the song ' s vocal producer , daniels cited her as an example of how the process works and how much she would pay . it is the responsibility of the vocal producer to tell the songwriter how to sing the song , to achieve the desired effect . daniels said that riddick ' s fee varies from $ 10 @ , @ 000 to $ 15 @ , @ 000 , and that the main cost of the process is for the song to be mixed and mastered , which is a higher cost . daniels estimated the final cost of writing , producing , vocal recording , engineering and mastering " man down " to be $ 15 @ , @ 000 . when combined with the marketing and marketing costs , the total expense was $ 1 @ , @ 078 @ , @ 000 . = = vocal and lyrical content = = " man down " is a " dark fantasy " reggae song with " @ @ - @ @ " and elements of ragga and g ##a . the song , in the key of e minor , has a tempo of 120 beats per minute . rihanna ' s voice spans more than one and a half octaves , from f3 to e ♭ 5 . slant magazine critic sal cinquemani described " man down " as one of rihanna ' s " most powerful vocal performances " withher in jamaican creole . jon pareles of the new york times said that the singer " plays with her west indian accent " , and august brown of the los angeles times described the song as having " her signature lilt " . entertainment weekly writer leah greenblatt described " man down " as a song with " caribbean influences " . meanwhile , rihanna becomes a woman after she shoots a man , but later regrets it . rihanna slowly relays the chain of events which leads up to the murder . she cries to her mother about the act that she has committed – " daddy , i just shot a man down " – expressing regret and remorse for not wanting to shoot her husband , and that he is rihanna ' s son . as the song progresses , rihanna ' s bajan accent becomes exaggerated and exaggerated , which increases during the chorus as she declares " in deed i pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , ! ! " muumuse writer bradley stern wrote that the song took on a darker tone . on december 8 , 2009 , rihanna was alleged to have been involved in an altercation with her boyfriend , chris brown . he allegedly punched rihanna and threatened to kill her . he turned himself in to the police and pleaded guilty to misdemeanor battery during the trial . august brown called the love affair as an apparent " warning " to chris brown and a reference to his song " deuces " ( 2010 ) , which mentions an ex @ - @ lover . kitty empire of the observer wrote that brown ' s assault on rihanna gives the song lyrical context , and describes it with a " bittersweet menace " throughout . when asked by hiphopdx about how he reacted to parts of the song saying that rihanna committed violence , he dismissed the accusations : i didn ’ t think it made any sense . i think it was because of how everyone was saying ' i just shot a man down . ' i think it was very hypocritical for some of the parents against violence in school , those same parents have not allowed their kids to watch all kinds of movies and programs that have violence , or things that insinuate violence . but for them to be mad about , for one , an incident that never happened ? . . . a girl feeling like she has to shoot someone ' ’ s still alive because of something that they want from her , that ’ s true and that ’ is true . so the emotion is a very strong emotion . .. and they relive it on a daily basis . i think it was huge and blown out of proportion . . . . these people benefit from controversy , and those same people who originally were trying to bring controversy , now they have a voice and now they ’ re ' specialists , ' and they can speak for a group of people all of a sudden . = = sales and reception = = on march 30 , 2011 , rihanna asked fans to help her choose the next single from loud using twitter , stating that she would release a music video in the forthcoming weeks . after an exchange of suggestions , the singer said she had narrowed the list down to four songs : " man down " , " california king bed " , " cheers ( back to that ) " and " fading " . on april 12 , she confirmed that " california king bed " had been chosen as the next international single . additionally , " man down " was sent to pop and urban radio stations in the united states on may 7 , before the may 11 release of " california king bed " , making " man down " and " california king bed " the fifth and sixth singles from loud . the song was released in germany and switzerland on july 11 and the uk on july 15 . kitty empire called the song " excellent " , and praised it for being an original song which is reminiscent of a " good old reggae murder mystery " . consequence of sound writer ryan burleson said that " man down " and another new song , " fading " both " stand on their own sonically " , and that the former is an ode to her jamaican roots with a dancehall melody . describing the song as " infectious " , bradley stern thought that no other song on loud reflects rihanna ' s personality more strongly than did " man down " . cinquemani chose " man down " as the best song on loud , calling rihanna ' s vocal performance " stunning " and noting that the " fully @ - @ fledged pop " song was co @ - @ written by a fellow co @ - @ born singer , shontelle . in her review of loud , emily mackay of nme called its experimentation more " mature " than that of rihanna ' s previous album rated r ( 2009 ) , noting " man down " ' s theme of " lost love " . similarly , nima baniamer of contactmusic . com pointed out that " man down " , which she described as " a dark ballad " that is " predictable " yet " delightfully intriguing " , is reminiscent of the material on- rihanna . in their review of rihanna ' s top 20 singles , slant magazine ranked " man down " as their second best single , saying that it is rihanna at " her badass best " . billboard staff compiled a list of their top 26 rihanna songs , and ranked " man down " at thirteenth place ; claire lobenfeld said that it was the second most " cinematic " song of her career , and that she elevated the theme of " accidental ##s " from " downtrodden " to " adorable " . = = commercial release = = in the united states , " man down " debuted on the billboard hot 100 at number 94 on june 6 , 2011 , peaking at number 59 and spending a total of 14 weeks on the chart . on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop songs chart , it peaked at number 9 on august 6 , 2011 , remaining there for 3 weeks and spending a total of 19 weeks charting . it was number 14 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop songs 2011 chart @ - @ top 100 . the song peaked at number 56 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop airplay chart , number 20 on the hot r & b / hip @ - @ hop digital songs chart and number 13 on the radio songs chart . " man down " was certified double platinum by the recording industry association of america ( riaa ) , denoting shipments of more than one million copies . the song reached number 14 on the canadian hot 100 . " man down " debuted at number 94 on the uk singles chart on june 6 , 2011 , a month after its release as a single . it climbed to number 1 on june 30 , remaining there for 3 consecutive weeks , and was number 2 the week after and for 3 weeks after its chart @ - @ topping run . it remained on the chart until january 1 , 2012 , when re @ - @ entered 3 weeks later . the song , on and off the singles chart for the rest the year , continued to appear on it sporadically until 2013 . after a total of 14 weeks on the chart , the song ' s last official chart appearance was at number 172 on august 8 , 2013 . in the united kingdom , " man down " entered the singles chart at number 117 on june 1 , 2015 , and number 75 the following week . the song peaked at number 54 in its fourth week , remaining there for 2 weeks and spending a total of 14 weeks on the chart . on the uk r & b chart , " man down " reached number 15on june 26 , spending three weeks in the top 40 . in belgium , the song peaked at number 3 in dutch @ - @ speaking flanders and number 2 in french @ - @ speaking wallonia . it was certified gold by the italian music industry ( bea ) for selling more than 15 @ , @ 000 copies . although the song spent only 1 week on the italian singles chart ( at number 10 ) , it was certified platinum by the federazione industria musicale italiana ( fimi ) in 2014 for selling more than 15 @ , @ 000 copies . = = music video = = = = = background and synopsis = = = = mandler directed the music video for " man down " in april 2011 on a beach in portland parish , on the northeastern jamaican coast . rihanna told @ @ - @ up that the video had a " strong positive message [ for ] girls like us ! " on may 1 , 2011 , three camera phone teaser ##s , of rihanna on a beach wearing a white dolce & gabbana dress and riding a bicycle in portland parish , were released . the music video premiered on bet ' s 106 & park on may 31 , 2011 . in an interview for mtv news , mandler said that " man down " required " a strong narrative and visual " and that fans could expect something " dark and powerful and dark and powerful and emotional and enlightening " . the video opens as the protagonist ( rihanna ) shoots and kills a man as she walks through a crowded subway station . she flees before a flashback to the previous day , when she rides her bike , meets him and is alone in a bar at dusk . at a club the woman meets and dances with an @ @ - @ goer , who then attacks her when she leaves the club . disheveled , the woman cries in the bathroom after an attempted sexual assault , and the video ends as she returns home to grab a gun hidden in a kitchen drawer . = = = reception and reception = = = janell hobson analysed the imagery used in the video for " man down " for her book body of work : defining race , defining identity , which " explores new theories of identity politics and the delusional notion that the modern era reflects a ' postracial ' and ' postfeminist ' world . " in the chapter titled " voices : black women ' s response to sexual violence " , hobson explores how black women have " found the courage " to speak out against sexual violence, fight against it and not remain a silent witness . she recalled rihanna ' s interview for 20 / 20 with diane sawyer , which aired on april 6 , 2009 . having remained silent about her relationship with brown since the evening of the grammy awards in february that year , whereby brown assaulted her , rihanna decided to talk about it for the first time . the author noted how sawyer chose to address the issue , describing the alleged rape and assault storyline as an " anomaly " and accusing rihanna of " projecting a ' fake ' imagery of strong black woman " , rather than presenting her as a violence victim not only in the united states , but around the world . " i am not , " rihanna responded . hobson noted that from then on , the singer began to project an image of " domestic violence and dominatrix @ - @ type violence throughout her career trajectory " . additionally , several of rihanna ' s songs and music videos have generated controversy for their violent themes , which hobson attributes to the leaking of a photo showing the singer " battered woman " on the evening of the interview to tmz which flooded the internet without the permission of rihanna . hobson wrote : " because of this , rihanna has managed to take back control of the ' victim ' image forced upon her , and she in turn has forced us emotionally and physically to question and confront the violence , abuse , and violence that surround our relationships . " she continued to cite the music videos for " russian beauty " , " hard " , " we found love " , " love the way you lie " with eminem which depicts domestic violence , and " s & m " , which contains references to rape and violence and is , in part , rihanna ' s response to disparaging critics , as examples . at one point in the video for " s & m " , rihanna is seen dressed up as a victim . additionally , hobson noted that rihanna " assumed the same role " in the video for " shut up " , and elucidated that she played the role of a rape victim who murdered her victim . she attributed the act of shooting the victim in jamaica as significant , due to how the image of the victim appeared during the jamaican dance ##hall ' s to " express her rage " . the video depicts rihanna as a " black @ - @ hooded " femme fatale whereby the singer explains her motives for shooting and encourages the audience to sympathize with her because she dresses in a blackand with a girl in a club , which hobson said is " somehow deserving of rape " . she continued to say that rihanna is asking the audience to consider what justice means by " pointing both a literal and figurative finger at the issue " . hobson concluded that rihanna is protecting her vulnerability and countering the image of the young black woman who is looked at unsympathetically in public . beck bain of idolator described the video as " visually stunning " , while metro writer mary ann labelled it as " shocking " . co @ - @ author of " man ##child " theron thomas wrote that the video was very theatrical and that rihanna played her role " beautifully " . he continued to say that had the video featured a lyric @ - @ by @ - @ " video , the narrative would have been more " graphic " . = = = controversy = = = the parents television council ( ptc ) criticized rihanna for her portrayal of " deliberate , brutal execution of justice " in the music video , and stated that murdering a rapist is socially @ - @ acceptable justice is done . the council agreed with rihanna ' s message for the video : that the video had " a very strong underlying message [ for ] girls " for rihanna . according to the ptc and other experts , if chris brown portrayed a rape in a video that premiered on mtv " the world would end " and rihanna should not have been forced to release her clip . the day after the group ' s statement about the video it also objected to rihanna and britney spears ' performance of the " s & m " remix at the american music awards , having called it a " prime @ - @ laced , s & m sex scene on prime @ - @ laced reality television " . following the ptc ' s statement , julianne escobedo shepherd of alternet wrote that the group continued to employ a double standard ; they had not condemned kanye west ' s music video for " stronger " , in which dead bodies fall from ceilings and west holds a dead body . shepard wrote that eminem and rihanna ' s video for " just the way you are " had not been criticized , but " glorified and offensive " sexual content . a mothers against violence spokesperson criticised rihanna for failing to convey a message , rather than encouraging the vulnerable youth , for which it is a concern for many teens . director anthony mandler addressed the controversy in an interview for the hollywood reporter , saying that the controversy was the one he expected and that it was an "a taboo in modern society . rihanna recalled growing up in an era in which artists such as madonna released controversial music videos , and noted that contemporary media no longer treat taboo ##s as such . rihanna responded to the ptc ' s criticism on twitter , and said that parents should not allow her to hurt their children and that " touchy subject matters " should not be hidden from children otherwise they will not know how to adapt to it , and that it hurts abusers even more because children are afraid to talk about rape . the singer continued to say that " the industry isn ' t ' parent ' s ' like us ' " and that children " have the right to create art " . in an interview for mtv , rihanna further explain why rape was used as the vehicle to move the story forward in the film despite the film not mentioning rape , saying " making that into a cold @ - @ song or video , we had to go back to when it happened . and she ' s not a cold @ - @ - killer . it had to be something so serious . and we had to start working on a very serious matter that people are afraid to discuss , especially if you ' ve been involved in this before . " rihanna said that the character is responsible for her actions . actress and women ' s @ - @ rights advocate gabrielle union , another rape victim , expressed support for the film on twitter . she called it " brave " and , although she did not agree with the eye @ - @ for @ - @ an @ - @ conspiracy theory , she could relate to the situation . she said that a rape victim and survivor is a different situation , and that they all have an idea of how justice should be served . she said that she tried to kill her rapist , but failed , and that she has since realised that using rape as a form of defense for herself would not have made the situation better . she continued to say that while it is " understandable " to try to kill a person , unless it is in self @ - @ defense then it is not justified . = = = remixes and covers = = rihanna has included " man down " in the set lists of several concerts and tours , including the 2011 warped tour , bbc radio 1 ' s kitty empire on may 31 , 2012 and the 2013 loud world tour . for the world tour , rihanna performed the song on " a spinning , rotating chair , a conveyer belt and graffiti @ - @ laden metal equipment . " although kitty empire described " man down" although " terrific " , the reviewer was let down by the " complete lack of creativity " from rihanna ' s creative team for the stage set up during rihanna ' s performance . she wrote that she could not understand why a taxi driver was in the middle of the stage . maza highlighted the songs included on the caribbean @ - @ tour . " man down " was performed as the fourth song on the loud tour , following the songs " best girl ( in the world ) " , " disturbia " and " shut up and dance " . maza wrote that the performance of " man down " should have " slowed down the momentum she ' d accumulated until now but that was not the ideal combination of message and performance . " instead , the red lights on the stage picked up the " ominous " tone of the song as it gradually increased its tempo to the point whereby the chorus of the song was on the verge of sounding like an echo . for the loud world tour , rihanna performed " man down " during the caribbean @ - @ themed section of the show , which also included " you da one " , " no girls allowed " , " what ' s my name ? " and " rude awakening " . james lachno of the telegraph highlight the caribbean @ - @ themed section as the show ' s highlight . manchester evening news writer katie fitzpatrick wrote that rihanna drew the audience to the caribbean with a " grinding performance " . however , matt graff of the chicago tribune was disappointed with the lack of variety in the section , writing that it was " marred by a certain sameness , even with nuno bettencourt of brazil , whose voice is mostly in the bass @ - @ heavy range , with some odd chords and accents " . british singer and songwriter leona lewis performed a mashup of " man down " with her 2008 single " better in time " on bbc radio 1 ' s live lounge in june 2011 . she later included the mashup on the set list of her 2013 glassheart tour . her performance received a positive response from critics . katherine hollisey @ - @ mclean of the worthing observer praised the fusion of " better in time " with reggae music . but the guardian ' s malcolm jack felt the performance was cringeworthy and called lewis a " high priced rihanna " . = = = = = = = singles = = = = release date = =