= marauders ( star trek : enterprise ) = " marauders " is the seventh episode of the second season of the american science fiction television series star trek : enterprise , the 32nd episode overall . it first aired on october 30 , 2002 , on the upn network within the united states . the story was created by executive producers rick berman and brannon , with a teleplay by david wilcox . a similar story had been included in the original novel for star trek by gene roddenberry . set in the 22nd century , the series follows the adventures of the federation starfleet starship enterprise , designated nx @ - @ 01 . in this episode , while in search of deuterium , enterprise discovers a mining colony that is being attacked by klingons who are killing the crew and stealing their supplies . the crew conduct repairs to the ship and train the soldiers to fight off the klingons . this episode was mostly filmed on location in a forest in ventura county , california , and the majority of the guest stars were voice actors . both larry cedar and david hochwald had previously appeared in different episodes of deep space nine and voyager . " rebels " was watched by 5 @ . @ 000 million viewers , the second highest number for any episode of the second season . reviews were mixed , with some critics responding negatively to the lack of action from the fighting soldiers . others praised the characters , and felt it was a good example of the western genre . = = plot = = captain jonathan archer ( scott bakula ) , sub @ - @ x t ' pol ( jolene blalock ) , and commander charles " trip " mccoy iii ( connor trinneer ) go out to a small colony of human miners in order to trade for deuterium . they initially try to negotiate with tessic ( larry cedar ) , the colony ' s leader , but he appears reluctant to part with any of the 5 @ , @ 000 liters in water , which is being held for ' someone else ' . when negotiations fail , a deal is struck − 80 liters of water for the solar system and whatever medical supplies they can spare , on the proviso that the enterprise crew can resolve the offline problem within two days . despite it being a valuable commodity , trip is frustrated by the lack of proper medical supplies and the sub @ - @ x nature of the colony . the situation becomes clear when the klingons show up to collect deuterium due to their ' business arrangement ' . whentessic informs korok ( james dean ) , the leader of the klingons , that they do not have all the deuterium because the wells were not installed , korok believes him and gives them two days to meet the order . later , when tucker and archer attempt to talk them into fighting against the klingons , tessic tells them to take their 200 tons and leave . however , this does not sit well with archer and he tells the colonists to resist with their lives . on earth , t ' pol teaches some of the colonists how to evade viking @ - @ weapon fire ( from ' martial @ - @ to ' suus @ - @ mahna ' ) , while ensign hoshi sato ( linda park ) and lieutenant malcolm smith ( michael keating ) teach the colonists how to fire their weapons more effectively . archer and tucker then help the colonists shift the entire colony to the lower 50 meters . when the klingon marauders arrive , the colony appears isolated and isolated . finally the aliens show themselves , and in the ensuing battle the klingons are forced into an area surrounded by the capped @ - @ off - well system . on cue , the wells are ignited , spraying the klingons with fire . tessic then tells the klingons to leave and never come back . as they leave , archer is rewarded with 200 @ , @ 000 tons of deuterium from the gold miners . = = production = = the original pitch for star trek : the original series by gene roddenberry had a pilot episode , called " lexington , earth " . this story would have featured captain william e . april and the crew of the s . s . yorktown attacking a human colony which had been previously attacked by viking @ - @ off aliens . this results in the colonists reverting in appearance to that seen during the lost viking @ - @ era . april and his crew band together to help the colonists fight off the aliens . executive producers rick berman and brannon later developed the story , which was turned into a teleplay by david wilcox . it was directed by john vejar , his fourth director of the series , although he had previously developed several more episodes of the other series in the franchise . filming on " lexington " began on march 21 , 2002 , on the standing stage set . the shooting on the second day mostly took place on the sound stage , while the third day ' s on location shooting used the shuttlepod set as well as the newly created ship 's gym set . the remainder of the eight days filming took place on location at a quarry in ventura county , california , located about an hour ' s journey north west of los angeles . temperatures were mild for that time of year , but the crew were still required to wear gloves and drink lots of water . the actors portraying the klingons joined for the second of the five days on location , with the rest of them performed by stunt doubles . according to bakula , the set built for the episode was the largest build so far for enterprise . michael dean was the first male klingon , he had previously appeared in the star trek : the next generation episode " out of the unknown " . other members of the guest cast included cedar , and the character tessic , who had previously appeared in individual episodes of both star trek : deep space nine and enterprise . additionally , bari hochwald had appeared in those two series . before appearing in " marauders " , she was also performing in the musical fedunn at the roxy theatre in los angeles . = = television and social media = = " bounty " was first broadcast on the upn network in the united states on october 30 , 2002 . it was watched by 3 @ . @ 9 million viewers , equating to nielsen ratings of 3 @ . @ 9 / 10 percent . this meant that the episode was watched by 3 @ . @ 9 percent of possible viewers , and six percent of those watching television at the time . this was the second most watched episode of the season , behind " a day at work " , which was broadcast a week earlier . j . r . macek iii , also writing for the website popmatters , described " marauders " as forming the first part of a loose trilogy of episodes from the second season based on re @ - @ introducing the klingons to the series . the other episodes in the group were said to be " bounty " and " bounty " . jamahl epsicokhan on his website " critic ' s choice " gave the episode two out of five , said that there was nothing funny in " bounty " and that the action sequences towards the end were funny because despite all the physical violence , not a single person actually gets injured during the episode . he called the basic plot " fun trek " , but that it lacked humor and didn ' t pose any serious questions . he followed it up by saying it was " a bloodless , re @ - @ as @ - @ .@ - @ an excellent show with handsome production values , absolutely and completely cutting edge . " michelle erica green , reviewing the episode for treknation , said that the episode attempted to tell the same story as the 1998 animated film a bug ' s life , but was very much rooted in the western setting which inspired roddenberry ' s original star trek pitch with other references to the 1960 film the magnificent seven . she said that there was action throughout which provided good character development moments for hoshi , travis mayweather and kirk , and described it overall as " a solid genre episode with good character development " . the first home media release of " enterprise " was part of the season one dvd box set , released in the united states on august 7 , 2005 . a release on blu @ - @ bonus disc for season two followed on august 20 , 2013 .