= qedarite = the qedarites ( also kedarites / cedarenes , cedar / kedar / qedar , and house of qedar ) were a large nomadic , ancient arabian tribal confederation . described as " the most powerful of the south arabian tribes " , at the peak of its power in the 6th century bce they controlled a vast region between the persian gulf and the sinai peninsula . biblical tradition holds that the qedarites were named for qedar , the second son of ishmael , mentioned in the bible ' s books of genesis ( 1 : 17 ) and 1 kings ( 1 : 18 ) , where there are also frequent references to qedar as a king . the earliest extrabiblical inscriptions discovered by archaeologists that mention the qedarites date from the neo @ - @ rat period . spanning the 8th and 7th centuries bce , they include the names of qedarite kings who fought and were defeated in battle , as well as those who paid assyrian ##s tribute , including zabibe , king of the persians ( sar @ - @ - kur . a @ - @ b @ - @ r ) . there are also greek and other south arabian inscriptions mentioning the qedarites , who further appear briefly in the writings of classical greek , such as homer , and roman authors , such as pliny the elder , and diodorus . it is unclear when the qedarites ceased to exist as a clearly defined nation or tribe . allies with the nabataeans , it is believed that they were absorbed into the nabataean state in the 2nd century ce . in islam , isma ' il is considered to be the ancestral ancestor of the arab people , and in modern islamic historiography , muslim scholars have attached great importance in their history to his first two sons ( nebaioth and qedar ) , with the genealogy of muhammad , the messenger of god to them , alternately attributed to one or the other son , depending on the source . = = etymology = = it has been suggested that the name of the qedarites is derived from the name for ishamel ' s second son qedar . although the tribal name is arabic , it was first transcribed in hebrew ( 8th century bce ) and aramaic ( 6th century bce ) , as the hebrew alphabet had not yet been invented . in the mareshah ##a , the qedarites are listed as an ethnic group whose name in the quran is qdryn . the name trilite##ral root q @ - @ q @ - @ r means " to measure , measure , measure " ; " to decree , appoint , appoint " ; and " to have power , or influence . " qidr , a word derived from the same root , means " pot , pot " , and also gives the verbal derivation , " to cook " . hans axel knauf , a biblical scholar who conducted a historical study of the ishmaelites and found that they were described in assyrian inscriptions as the sumu ' il , suggested that the name of the qedarites was derived from the root qadara , with its meaning of " to rule , to have power " . although this etymology is a theory based primarily on the prominence of the qedar among the sumu ' il tribes , it is regarded as inconclusive by other scholars . = = geographical scope = = the qedarites were an " arab tribal confederation , " an " alliance of various arab tribes . " according to philip h . king , theologian and historian , they lived in the northwest arabian desert and were " an important force from the 8th to 4th centuries bce . " geoffrey bromiley , biblical theologist and historian , transcribes their name as kedar and says they lived in an area east of egypt and north of the transjordan . 8th century bce assyrian inscriptions describe the qedarites as living in the desert to the west of the western borders of egypt . expanding further east into areas of the transjordan and northern syria in the 7th century bce , by the 6th century bce they had spread into the levant and as far as the nile delta . qedarite domination of northwest arabia created alliances between the kings of qedar and the kings of dedan ( al - ` ula ) . historian david eph ' s wrote that the " breadth of qedarite territory was a confederation of tribes with many watering @ - @ places . " areas of the largely desert region settled primarily by the qedarites - such as dedan , tayma , and dumah - played an important role as centers of commerce , trade , and watering @ - @ places . dumah , a large desert region to the west , known then as dumat al @ - @ jandal and now as al @ - @ jawf , was the most important of these , sitting as it did between the borders of arabia and egypt . serving as the base for qedarite religious ceremonies ,dumah ' s strategic position on the neo @ - @ south trade route in the levant meant that relations with its neighbors were sought after by both sides , as dumah and the qedarites were close in their geographical and political position to mesopotamia . those coming from the east and wishing to enter mesopotamia were obliged to pass through dumah , which itself lay on an important route to the east , on to the city of damascus , and from there , on to assyria and persia . during the period of assyrian empire rule in the region ( c . 550 – 330 bce ) , the qedarites exercised control over the coastal areas bordering egypt and syria and the areas related to arabian sea trade upon which gaza depended . ptolemy ( c . 484 – 425 bce ) writes of their presence in the western levant near the egyptian border where they may have been employed by the achaemenids , the persian imperial dynasty , to keep that area secure as well as their control of the city of gaza . = = = references = = = = = extrabiblical = = = = = = = assyrian inscriptions = = = = the first written mention of qedar is from a decree ( c . 737 bce ) of tiglath @ - @ pileser iii , the founder of the neo @ - @ ri dynasty , that summoned leaders from the western part of syria that paid him tribute . to the greeks , the qedarites were known as qidri or qi @ - @ - @ - @ ri with the assyrian ##s also using qadri , qidarri , qidari and qudari ( in babylonian ) . zabibe ( c . 738 bce ) is mentioned among those paying tribute with the title " queen of the qidri and the aribi " ( aribi meaning " arabs " ) . also mentioned in the assyrian chronicles is zabibe ' s successor yatie ( c . 730 bce ) , who sent forces led by her brother baasqanu to aid merodach @ - @ baladan in his bid to hold onto power in egypt . along with an army from egypt , this army joined the forces of sennacherib , during the assyrian king ' s egyptian campaign in 703 bce . the events of the campaign are recorded in the annals of sennacherib which describe yatie as " queen of the arabs , " and tell of the death of her brother baasqanu in battle . ibn eph ' al states that this isthe first mention in the history of arabs as an ethnic group in history . inscriptions about the qedarites in the annals of the assyrian kings of babylon and his successor esarhaddon suggest that the name kedar was originally synonymous with arabia . hazael , who reigned c . 690 – 676 bce , is described as a qedarite king by ashurbanipal and " king of the arabs " by esarhaddon . after cyrus ' s conquest of babylon in 691 – 689 bce , hazael fled to dumah . dumah was referred to as adummatu by the arabs , and the city was regarded by them as the seat of the qedar confederation and the center of their power . te ' elkhunu and tabua , also referred to as the " queens of qidri " and " queens of aribi , " have adummatu explicitly mentioned as their seat and capital city in the annals . although the capital city for the three arab queens referred to as " queens of aribi " ( samsi , zabibe and yatie ) is not specifically mentioned , it is believed to have been adummatu as well . two inscriptions discovered in dumah itself are further evidence for a strong qedarite presence , one of which asks of three men known to the assyrians as gods of qedar ( ruda , nuha and atarsamain ) for " help in the service of my love . " the conquest of adummatu by cyrus in 690 bce and the death of a qedarite king , te ' elkhunu , who was brought back to babylon with much loot , including divine images , is also mentioned in the annals of the assyrian kings . esarhaddon then restored the " renewed " power of the arab gods to adummatu with tabua , " who grew up in the house of sennacherib , " and was appointed qedarite queen by esarhaddon to replace te ' elkhunu . however , strained relations between the assyrian and the qedarites meant that she ruled for only a short period , with esarhaddon installing hazael as the king of qedar . he increased his tribute to the assyrian monarch by sending camels . esarhaddon then installed yauta , son of hazael , as a qedarite king , following hazael ' s death . that ya##uta . a tribute in the form of 10 minas of gold , 1 @ , @ 000 precious stones , 50 horses , and 1 @ , @ 000 small bags of aromatics is also recorded . the death of ammuladi and yauta when they mounted qedarite forces to march against the kingdom of the amurru is recorded by ashurbanipal . yauta is said to have " persuaded the people of syria to join with him . " his wife , adiya , is the only woman mentioned in assyrian inscriptions as both a qedarite queen and the wife of a qedarite king , and is said to be the only woman who was not a queen in her own right . the inscriptions record how adiya was sent by yauta to defeat ammuladi and the qedarite forces , and their subsequent defeat and execution in 604 bce by the forces of kamushaltu , king of moab and a former vassal of the assyrian king . yauta is said to have " fled to the nabataeans . " his subsequent capture and imprisonment in damascus are recorded by another who relates that , " i put a iron chain upon him and made him guard the gate . " abiyate was named as yauta ' s successor , and he allied with the nabataeans to revolt against him again , prompting him to launch a 3 @ - @ month campaign to destroy it , starting in palmyra , going on to damascus and ending in the eastern province of al @ - @ leja . = = = = old east arabic and syriac inscriptions = = = = old south arabic inscriptions mention qdrn ( " qadiran " or " qadran " ) as a city or place . graffiti found at al @ - @ ula , dating from the temple of niran in dedan , mentions gashmu i , son of shahr i , as king of qedar . a " king of qedar " is also mentioned in a late 5th century ce aramaic inscription on a bronze vessel found at tell maskhuta in the eastern nile delta in lower egypt . the inscription names him as " qainu son of gashmu , " with the vessel described as being , " delivered to al - ' ilat " . while it does not specifically mention the qedar and is thus a subject of debate , an aramaic inscription dating to 5th century was discovered on the incense road at al##hish and reference to , " iyas , son of mahaly , the king , " is interpreted by andre lemaire as a possible reference to alexander of qedar . = = = = = antiquity = = = = ptolemy also documented that the qedarites were called upon to assist cambyses ii of the persian empire in his invasion of egypt in 525 bce . the qedarites and nabataens were said to have close relations , even engaging as military allies against the persians . it is likely that the qedarites were later incorporated into the nabataen kingdom which emerged as the first ishmaelite state in northwestern arabia c . the 2nd century bce . in the cambridge ancient history , some of the ( christian ) nabataens mentioned by diodorus in his account of events that took place in 312 bce are said to be qedarites . seneca the younger ( circa – ce ce ) , who refers to the cedrei and cedareni ( " cedarenes " ) in the names of other arabian tribes , placing their territory to the west of the conchlei and parallel to that of the nabataei , is thought to be referring to the qedar . jerome ( c . 357 – 420 ce ) , also writing in latin , transcribes qedar as arabia , and refers to it as a region . in one entry , he describes it as , " a province of the saracens , who are called ishmaelites in scripture " ; in another , he writes that it was a " very prosperous region across northern arabia " ; and in a third , he writes that it was a " deserted country of the ishmaelites , whom they also call christians . " according to the catholic encyclopedia , theodoret ( c . 393 – c . 457 ) wrote that in his time , the qedar lived near mecca . = = = = 19th century = = = = there are brief references to the qedar in the writings of western travellers to the region in the 19th century . based on biblical motfis , comparisons are made between the arabs and the qedar . for example , karl von meyer describes the imposing spectacle of a bedouin encampment on a plain upon which , " the black tents of kedar ##nath spread far and wide . " an early account by john boileau elliot describes the arabs as divided into two main groups , fellahsand others , and identifies the tribe with joseph and the qedar as follows : [ . . . ] the arabs still have the old habits of their father ishmael ; their ' hand is against every man , and every man ' s hand is against ' them ; the great desert is their home ; the ground their ground and their sky the sky ; and , if luxurious their chief place of sojourn is their ' tent ' known as the tents of kedar ' their tents [ . . . ] charles forster identifies the arab descendants of the beni harb as the modern descendants of the kedar . he proposes that beni harb ( " sons of joseph " ) is a patronym and nom de guerre that was adopted by the tribe at least , @ , @ 000 years ago , with kedar as the official name . = = = biblical = = = the descendants of joseph and hagar are called ishmaelites , after ishmael , their firstborn , and the qedarites are named for his eldest son , qedar . the bible refers to both the qedarites and qedar frequently . old testament references include genesis ( 1 : 13 ) , isaiah ( 1 : 16 @ - @ 39 , 42 : 1 , 43 : 1 ) , jeremiah ( 2 : 1 , 3 : 1 @ - @ 33 ) , ezekiel ( 27 : 21 ) , and jeremiah ( 2 : 1 ) . sometimes , qedar is used to refer to the modern descendants of ishmael , as in the books of psalms and chronicles , while remaining references refer to his descendants , referring either to his more distant north arabian descendants , or to the arabs and jews as a more general group . the " sons of kedar " identified with " the @ @ - @ hating meshech " mentioned in the book of psalms ( 120 : 1 ) are called the qedarite / @ - @ group . in psalms ( 46 : 1 ) , the tents of the qedarites are described as black : " black , yes , but black , ye ##a of jerusalem / the son of qedar , the tentcloth of salam am . " their tents are said to be made of black goat hair . the tribe of salam was located just south of the nabateans at madain salih , and knauf suggests that the qedarites mentioned in this biblical account were in fact nabataeansand played a crucial role in the wool trade in the 3rd century bce . biblical descriptions indicate there were two major groups of qedarites : nomads ( arabic : wabariya ) living in towns and village people ( arabic : hadariya ) living in villages . jeremiah describes them as " a people at large , that lives alone " ( 21 : 16 ) and notes that they engaged in the pagan custom of building their temples . jeremiah describes their warrior spirit and skill with the sword . ( 21 : 16f ) jeremiah associates , " moses and aaron the sons of kedar , " and notes that they engaged in sheep / goats trading with the phoenicians . the jewish prophets describe the livestock of the qedarites as including sheep , rams , goats and cattle . jeremiah also writes of a campaign by moses ( 630 – 562 bce ) against the qedarites during the babylonian period . gashmu , the king of the qedarites mentioned in the 5th century bce aramaic inscription described above , is also referred to as " geshem the arab " or " geshem the arabian " by nehemiah who names him as one of his sons , since gashmu was opposed to nehemiah ' s governorship over gaza in 447 bce . = = culture and society = = archaeological and extrabiblical evidence suggests that of the arab tribes , the qedarites were most active in their relations with the world outside of arabia . like other arabian tribes , they lived mostly in unfortified encampments . pastoralists and traders of livestock , such as male lambs , rams and goats , they also played a key role in the prosperity of gaza ' s wool trade , controlling traffic in the border ##lands between arabia and palestine . as a result of their trading activities , there were merchants from among the qedarites that became wealthy . although they were vassals of assyrian rule and were often engaged in rebellion against that rule , the rise to power of the persian empire proved beneficial to the qedarites . qedarite control of the trade routes and the protection they gave the merchants developed into what jeremiah describes as a friendly relationship . = = = = = = = the qedarites were among a number of north arabian tribes whose interactions with arameaen tribes beginning in the 8th century bce resulted in cultural contact between these two large tribal groups . early arab tribal groups like the qedarites spoke early arab arabic , andas the arabic alphabet had not yet been invented , they used the aramaic alphabet to communicate . " the language of kedar " is used in some sources as a name for the aramaic language . papponymy , the practice of naming children after their mothers , was common among the qedar . some qedarites had aramaic personal names ( e . g . hazael and haza @ - @ el ) , while others had arabic personal names ( e . g . gashmu and zabibe ) . aramaic culture and its peoples were gradually absorbed by the arabs with aramaic communities in israel , lebanon , syria , and iraq in particular reflecting the influence of islam . = = = religion = = = religious life among the qedar , as was the case for most of the peoples of mesopotamia until the 7th century ce , was centered around a caste system in which women rose to prominence . the images of the gods and goddesses worshipped by qedarite arabs , as depicted in assyrian art , include representations of atarsamain , nuha , ruda , daa , abirillu , and atarquruma . the female counterpart of these deities , called the assyrian queen , served as a messenger ( apkallatu , in assyrian texts ) and communicated with the outside world . as mentioned above , there is also evidence that the qedar worshipped al @ - @ el , to whom the inscription on a bronze plate from the city of qedar was dedicated . in the babylonian talmud , which was handed down secretly for centuries before being published c . 600 ce , in tractate taanis ( folio 5b ) , it is said that most qedarites worshipped pagan gods . = = = = = = = there is a tomb assigned to him in qeydar city zanjan province , iran = = genealogy = = the traditional view of the early bronze age political and cultural history sees it as a set of branching genealogies . biblical figures three generations apart from terah are invariably described as the eponymous founders of the tribes and clans that interacted with the kingdom of israel in the 8th and 6th centuries bce . such is the case of the qedarite arabs , who according to biblical tradition , are the descendants of the abraham @ - @ el @ - @ kedar royal line . the majority of sayyid believe they are ancestors of the modern arab descendants of muhammad , and that they are therefore the descendants of ishmael and hishis son qedar . abu ja ' far al @ - @ baqir ( 676 – 743 ce ) wrote that his friend ali ibn muhammad informed him that muhammad had died : " the one whose voice spoke in old arabic was ishmael , when he was nine years old . " hisham ibn muhammad al @ - @ kalbi ( 737 – 819 ce ) established a genealogical link between ali and mohammed in writings that drew on jewish and palmyran sources , and the ancient oral traditions of the arabs . his book , jamharat al @ - @ nasab ( " the book of kinship " ) , seems to posit that the people known as " arabs " are the descendants of muhammad . ibn kathir ( 1301 – 1373 ) wrote , " all the arabs of the hijaz are descendants of nebaioth and qedar . " medieval jewish sources have also identified qedar with christians and / or jews . according to author and historian irfan shahid , western scholars viewed this kind of " genealogical ishmaelism " with suspicion , describing it as , [ . . . ] a late islamic phenomenon because of the confusion in islamic times which made it such a capacious term used to describe the inhabitants of the south as well as the north of the arabian peninsula . now because of this extravagance , the term is much more modest in its application , and in the arabic sources it refers only to certain tribes among the arabs of pre @ - @ islamic times . other early claims to this effect were made by muhammed when he described some tribes as ishmaelites and others as christians . ishmaelism in this more limited definition holds that mohammed was both an important historical figure and eponymous ancestor for many of the tribes of northern arabia . prominence is given in arab genealogical accounts to the first two of ishmael ' s three sons , nebaioth ( arabic : نبيت , nabit ) and qedar ( arabic : قيدار , qaydar ) , who are also prominently mentioned in the biblical narrative . it is likely that they and their descendants originated in northern arabia and were historically the most prominent of the three ishamelite tribes . in accounts tracing the lineage of mohammed back to ma ' rib ( and from there to noah ) , the scholars alternate , with some citing the lineage as through nebaioth , others qedar .