= treaty of ciudad juarez = the treaty of ciudad juarez was a peace treaty signed between the then president of mexico , porfirio diaz , and the revolutionary francisco madero on may 25 , 1911 . the treaty put an end to the fighting between forces of madero and those of diaz and effectively ended the first phase of the mexican revolution . the treaty stipulated that diaz , as well as his vice president ramon diaz , were to step down by the end of may , and that he was to be succeeded by francisco leon de la barra as interim president and hold new elections . those who had suffered losses due to the war would be the indemnified , and there would be a general amnesty . diaz died on may 25 , and interim president francisco leon de la barra was the new president . diaz and his family , his vice president diaz , plus jose yves limantour and rosendo pineda left mexico for exile . however , the treaty did not mention or mention the social reforms that madero had vaguely advocated on previous occasions . it also left the porfirian party essentially alone . additionally , madero supported the unpopular policy that all land disputes were to be resolved through the courts , not by the civil courts , a decision that led to outbreaks of sporadic violence , especially in rural areas . on june 1 , 1911 , madero entered mexico city . in october 1911 he was elected president , under the banner of the partido constitucional progresista , along with jose maria pino suarez , his former running mate as vice @ - @ president . madero pushed out francisco vazquez gomez , the unsuccessful presidential candidate for the anti @ - @ reelectionist party in 1910 , as being too liberal . = = = developments leading up to the revolution = = the rebellion against the government of porfirio diaz broke out in october 1910 , after diaz had his rival francisco madero imprisoned and had secured his electoral victory in a rigged election . madero ' s rather vague promises of social reform soon attracted many followers . he himself escaped from prison and fled to texas , from where he issued his famous plan of san luis potosi . this manifesto called for an armed uprising against the porfiriato and promises of presidential and democratic elections . as a response to madero ' s plan , armed rebellion began in mexico in november 1910 . in the guerrero region of veracruz , pascual orozco attacked federal troops and sent dead soldiers ' clothing back to mexico with the message , " ahi , van las hojas, mandame las tamales " ( " where are the wrappers , give me the candy . " ) they then began negotiations which captured ciudad juarez . meanwhile , political support for madero ' s rebellion came from felipe gonzalez , who accepted the presidency of san luis potosi . at about the same time , civil unrest in the state of morelos turned into a full blown rebellion under the leadership of the zapata brothers , emiliano and eufemio . = = = orozco and villa captured ciudad juarez = = = encouraged by the success of the rebellion , madero crossed the border back into mexico in february 1911 . he was joined by pancho villa and orozco and by april the army was at ciudad juarez . diaz and villa led the army with 100 men each , while madero followed them with 1 @ , @ 100 riders . the city was captured by the end of the month , after madero ' s forces met some resistance in the chihuahuan countryside . madero ordered the commander of the city ' s garrison to surrender but the latter refused , hoping that the fortifications he had built would allow him to defend the city until reinforcements arrived . concerned also with the possibility that a direct attack on the town would require artillery fire to cross the border into the united states which could trigger an american intervention , and dissatisfied with a number of other proposals from diaz , madero succeeded in capturing the city . he in turn ordered his troops to lift the siege . diaz , however disregarded the order and , supported by villa , surrendered . after two days of fighting the city fell to the insurrectionists . madero intervened only to spare the life of the city ' s commander , gen . navarro , whom both orozco and villa wanted executed for his alleged killing of mexican pows . this , coupled with the fact that their leaders were imprisoned by madero during his political appointments , outraged and estranged them from him . = = = = in northern and central mexico = = = at roughly the same time that villa and diaz were advancing on ciudad juarez , the zapatista revolt gathered momentum and spread to the states of puebla , tlaxcala , hidalgo , michoacan and guerrero . on april 15 , madero had emiliano diaz officially designated as his representative in the capital . however , he was worried that if he did not fully conquer all the major cities of morelos by the time that madero began negotiations with villa , the leader of his agrarianthis and the issue of the state of morelos would be reduced or ignored . zapata ' s first major action was to take the town of chinameca where he obtained essential supplies . then he , for political and strategic reasons , decided to take the town of cuautla . in order to mislead his opponents there , he first attacked and captured the towns of izucar de matamoros ( which was later taken by federal forces ) and chietla . from there he made a wide circle around cuautla and took yautepec and jonacatepec where he obtained essential supplies , weapons and soldiers . by then , out of all the major population centers in the region , only cuautla and the capital of morelos , cuernavaca , remained outside of his control . zapata began the assault on cuautla on may 13 with 4000 men against 400 elite soldiers of the @ @ - @ or " golden fifth " ; the fifth cavalry regiment of the federal army . the battle lasted for a week and has been described as " six of the most terrible days of fighting of the mexican revolution " . it consisted of house to house fighting , @ @ - @ to @ - @ hand combat , and no quarter given to either side . general victoriano huerta arrived from nearby cuernavaca with 600 men , but decided not to come to the defense of cuautla as he was afraid that the town would fall in his absence . on may 19 , the soldiers of the " golden fifth " moved out of the town which was then occupied by zapata ' s soldiers . the successful capture of cuautla made diaz a hero to the people of mexico and many corridos were written about him . after diaz ' s capture of cuautla , the mexican government controlled only three states and two urban centers . porfirio diaz himself later wrote that , while he believed that he could win against villa and orozco in chihuahua , the fall of cuautla was the straw which persuaded him to agree to terms with madero . = = the compromise = = as early as march 1911 , madero ' s government met in new york with mexico ' s foreign minister , jose yves limantour , and the mexican ambassador to the us in order to discuss the possibility of peace between the two sides . limantour put an end to the war and offered an amnesty for all revolutionaries , the mexicanof the vice - president ramon diaz , the replacement of four diaz cabinet ministers and two provincial governors with ones chosen by madero , and the establishment of the principle of " re @ - @ reelection " which would prevent diaz from serving for another term as president ( which would have been his ninth ) . madero responded positively although he also stated that any kind of peace agreement had to require an immediate resignation of diaz . faced with the fall of ciudad juarez and the outbreak of violence in morelos , diaz and members of his cabinet were more willing to negotiate and launch a " general peace offensive " aimed at madero . this was as a result of divisions among the large landowners associated with the diaz regime ( the hacendados ) and the mexican elite , which had a " moderate " wing in the government . some among the porfiristas in fact , expected that diaz would soon march on mexico city itself , unless agreement was reached with madero . the moderate wing of the diaz government was represented by jorge vera estanol who in a memo to the minister of foreign affairs wrote that there were two revolutions taking place in mexico : a democratic revolution , centered mostly in the capital , whose aim was mostly to hold free elections and remove diaz himself from power , and a social revolution whose aim was " anarchy " which was spreading throughout the mexican countryside . estanol was coming to terms with the first group of revolutions , by agreeing to the principle of both re @ - @ reelection and a general strike , in order to prevent the second revolution from succeeding . in addition to his fear of " anarchy " , estanol was also concerned that the social revolution would lead to a military intervention by the united states . estanol ' s supporters were those of the majority of the upper class which were willing to come to terms with at least a portion of the lower class in order to crush the agrarian revolt , as opposed by those of peasants , which were spreading throughout mexico . limantour , who broadly agreed with estanol , had the support of the mexican elite , who feared the downgrading of mexican international trade and a general economic crisis as a result of ongoing social unrest , as well as that of the large landowners who were willing to come to terms with madero if it would put an end to the agrarian uprisings . these social revolutionaries were in turn supported by the more reactionary elements of diaz ' s government , mostly concentrated in the regular army , even though that the revolution should be crushedwith through military force . this faction was represented by general victoriano huerta , who would later carry out an unsuccessful coup d ' etat against madero . likewise , the general , and potential successor to diaz , bernardo reyes stated in a letter to limantour that " the war ( against the rebels ) should be carried out with the greates army , punishing without any mercy anyone involved in the revolutionary struggle " . in the end however , diaz dismissed the comments from his generals as " custer @ - @ ing ! " and chose to seek peace with the moderate wing of the government . limantour had already managed to persuade him to resign . at the same time there was some dissent among the rebels . the " left wing " of the revolutionary movement , represented by zapata and orozco ( who for the time had tended to support madero ) , warned against any further conflict with diaz . in the end their suspicions proved correct . the treaty that was eventually signed addressed issues of social and economic land reform that were central to their struggle . = = the treaty ' s terms = = the most significant point of the treaty was that porfirio diaz , and his vice president , ramon corral , resign and that de la barra , acting as interim president hold new elections as soon as possible . also , the treaty stipulated that : an amnesty for the revolutionaries be granted , with the right for any of them to apply for membership in the rurales . the rebel forces were to be demobilized as soon as possible and the federal forces were to be the only army in mexico . this was in order to strengthen the army , which had reached a compromise with madero . madero and his supporters obtained the right to elect the new state governors , and to de la barra ' s cabinet . pensions were to be established for all of the soldiers who had sided with the revolution . policemen and judges , as well as state governors , that had been appointed or " elected " under diaz were to retain their positions . = = terms and conditions = = the treaty was signed on may 21 . diaz resigned accordingly on may 25 . francisco de la barra became the new president . madero entered mexico city on june 7 . zapata however refused to join the new government of de la barra , and for the time being the fighting in morelos continued . madero met with zapata on several occasions during june . although initially diaz trusted madero , with time he became more convinced that the goals of "his revolution " were not fully realized . diaz was particularly angry that madero did not plan on carrying out some kind of agrarian reform , including the breakup of large hacendias . additionally , the press in mexico city , controlled by the government began referring to zapata as a traitor and federal ##ists , such as huerta , continued attacking his supporters under the assumption that they were to demobilize in violation of the treaty . sporadic fighting in northern mexico continued . in december 1911 , shortly after madero ' s death , diaz issued the failed plan of ayala , in which the zapatistas deposed madero and instead proclaimed pascual diaz as the new founder and leader of the state . madero also had the financial support of other leaders , including , pascual orozco . madero ' s first policy after the treaty was signed was a policy of reconciliation with the diaz regime . as a result of the treaty he was given the power to appoint members of the new barra cabinet . he chose mostly middle class maderistas , including his deputy for the post in the treasury . he also reformed the mexican political system , by appointing the chief judges of the supreme court , the representatives of federal and state legislatures and the heads of the various federal agencies . venustiano carranza , who was later to become a prominent revolutionary in his own right and a future president of mexico , stated that , after the treaty , madero had " leave ( ed ) to the reactionaries a dead revolution which will have to be fought over again " . guerrero , after leaving for exile in france , observed that " madero has unleashed a revolution , let us see if we can control him " . guerrero , who saw himself as being instrumental in madero ' s victory over diaz , was also appointed as a representative of the rurales of chihuahua , which increased his popularity . when he tried to run for governor of the state , madero supported his opponent , felipe gonzalez and successfully pressured him to drop out of the race . when , in the aftermath of the plan of ayala , madero asked orozco to lead federal troops to suppress diaz , orozco refused . in march 1912 , orozco issued his decree of empacadora and formally declared himself in rebellion against madero .