= = a & m singing cadets = the texas a & m singing cadets are a collegiate choral group at texas a & m university . nicknamed " the voice of aggieland " , the singing cadets have been active for 109 years , with their origins in a glee club formed on the a & m campus in 1893 . the singing cadets are one of the oldest collegiate singing organizations in the world . they have toured extensively in america and abroad and have received recognition by doing so , including invitations to sing for american presidents . contrary to their name , the singing cadets are not all members of the corps of cadets and have not been since 1965 , when the university as a whole expanded its choral membership . between 1996 and 2006 , the singing cadets traveled over 1 @ , @ 000 miles and performed more than 450 concerts worldwide . = = history = = the first record of a singing organization at texas a & m ( then known as the agricultural and mechanical college of texas ) was in 1893 . the ten member glee club was composed of both students and faculty . the group grew to around twenty members through the turn of the century . their first overseas field trip , 1905 , was to austin , texas , where they performed in a four - member chorus . other tours in this period included a trip to fort worth in 1907 , where they met the violinist fritz lang . a year later , the director of the group , professor t . p . junkin , left the a & m glee club . the next paradigm shift came in 1910 when it was founded by j . w . steger , and subsequently performed for a number of organizations throughout texas . after several reorganization ##s and changes , the organization laid down its official constitution during the 1937 @ - @ 1938 school year . the group entered the national spotlight when they performed at the 1939 sugar bowl game . after a & m professor j . w . woolket became director in 1940 , the group was renamed the " singing cadets " after a popularity campaign . the singing cadets ' first @ - @ time director , richard jenkins , raised the organization ' s profile though a series of tours throughout the american south . under his aegis in 1942 , the group provided choral accompaniment for the 1943 film we ' ve never been kissed . the singing cadets next - time director , william turner , held the position for fifteen years . by the early 1950s membership had stabilized at around twenty members . they performed primarily in texas , and made a trip to mexico in 1952 . the group gained prestige and fame by performing in front of the texas legislature severalshow . in 1960 , the singing cadets ' director , robert l . boone , ensured the group ' s national recognition . the group received their first exposure in 1963 during the nationally televised miss texas america pageant . for the next 8 years , the group served as backstage staff , performers , and background for the show . they met sergio franchi during the december 10 , 1970 broadcast . subsequently , the cadets appeared on the ed sullivan show with sergio franchi singing " no man is an island " on january 24 , 1971 . however , they did not get to perform in their first solo performance because an nbc broadcast ran over the scheduled time . they did , however , record a 45 rpm single " no man is an island " with franchi in the same performance . later that year , the singing cadets were invited to the white house by senator john mccain to sing for various dignitaries , including president richard nixon . the singing cadets made their first trip overseas in 1974 to romania as part of a goodwill tour sponsored by the state department , performing several shows over a 3 week period . the cadets accompanied the aggie band onto kyle field during the halftime of football games during special events of the university , such as the centennial celebration of texas a & m university ( 1976 ) , and in 1980 to celebrate the opening of the cowboys stadium . under boone ' s direction , the singing cadets entered several international singing competitions . they won the gold medal at an international choral competition in italy in 1979 . in 1983 they received the silver medal in mexico . in 1993 , they returned to texas , taking the gold medal . other international tours during the 1980s included two occasions marking the college 100th anniversary in 1986 , and australian tours in 1987 and 1989 . in 2004 , the singing cadets traveled to australia , and sang the australian national anthem ( the australia fair ) on the final night of that tour . in february 2006 the cadets performed at the white house at the invitation of president george w . bush for an event to honor america ' s returning athletes from the 2006 winter olympics . also in 2006 , the cadets performed at the miss texas pageant . during its 2006 @ - @ 2007 season , the cadets performed over 20 concerts in the united states , including a trip to south america during the summer , where they traveled to argentina , uruguay and brazil . the singing cadets toured south america in 2010 and will be touring china in may 2013 . = = = = = the singing cadets have incorporated a wide variety of music in their repertoire . their repertoire has included christian hymns and gospel music , and well astexas a & m school standards such as the aggie war song . musical styles varied through the years , although school standards and standards from the 1940s , 1950s , and 1960s remain perennial favorites . currently , eight recordings made by the singing cadets are available for purchase . in chronological order , the titles are : god bless the child , songs from south america , jubilee ; glory , honor , country : a tribute to president bush , remembrance , glory , let freedom ring , and student center . = = members = = members of the corps of cadets make up a small minority of the singing cadets ; the group dropped its membership as a requirement in 1963 . the singing cadets holds concerts twice each academic year , with membership open to any male texas a & m student . the choir is one of three at texas a & m . the others are the all @ - @ female women ' s chorus , and all @ - @ male choir the jubilee singers . all three practice in the memorial student center ( msc ) . the choir is typically accompanied by a piano and conducted by a conductor , and it is joined by instruments , including electric bass , drums and acoustic guitar . the singing cadets use costumes and masks to accompany their singing , incorporating a variety of forms of music into their concerts . a string quartet side group called the aggienizors performs in their concerts , providing entertainment between the main musical performances . today , the singing cadets perform primarily in state , along with a variety of national and international performances . the cadets perform 70 @ - @ 80 concerts a year . = = directors = = professor j . m . soule professor tyrrel brown t . p . junkin j . d . steger d . ford k . h . johnson j . c . smith professor j . c . woolket richard w . jenkins ewell porter william m . smith robert l . smith john kipp = ontario highway 7 = king ' s highway 36 , commonly referred to as highway 36 , was a provincially maintained highway in the canadian province of ontario . the highway connected highway 7 and highway 17 in lindsay with highway 17 in burleigh falls , providing access to recreational areas along the eastern shores of many of the kawartha lakes as well as to multiple communities , including bobcaygeon . today it is known as kawartha lakes city road 36 and peterborough county road 36 . the route was first assumed in 1931 as a depression relief highway and extended in 1937 . it remained largely unchanged for the next 30 years before being decommissioned in1998 . however , a realignment near lindsay in the late 1950s changed the northern terminus of the route from the centre of the town to southeast of it ; the former route through lindsay became highway 36b and is now known as kawartha lakes road 17 . = = route description = = the route and alignment of former highway 36 have largely remained unchanged since the route was decommissioned in 1998 . within the town of kawartha lakes , the road is now known as kawartha lakes road 17 , while within the county of peterborough , it is known as peterborough county road 17 . the route begins east of lindsay at an intersection with highway 36 and progresses north , crossing a former railway ( now the kawartha rail trail ) before intersecting kawartha lakes road 17 . the western leg of road 17 , which leads to downtown peterborough , follows the original route of highway 36 and later became highway 36b . continuing north , highway 36 travels north and east , serving villages and hamlets along the eastern shore of sturgeon lake , which remains inland for over a kilometre ( . @ . @ . mi ) itself . at dunsford , which is inland , the highway intersects kawartha lakes roads 7 and 8 — the former leads south to omemee and the latter provides an alternative route to bobcaygeon . former highway 36 continues , alternating directions between east and north , before entering the village of bobcaygeon . within bobcaygeon , highway 36 crosses the former – ##n ##1 and intersects the eastern leg of kawartha lakes road 17 . at this point it begins following the southernmost section of the bobcaygeon lake road . at the intersection with main street at the western end of the village , the route turns northeast and former highway 649 continues north . within bobcaygeon , the former highway serves communities on the northern shores of bald lake and little bald lake . after passing nogies lake , the highway descends a hill and encounters the canadian shield for the first time . the highway runs along the edge of the precambrian plateau and the canadian limestone plateau en route to burleigh falls . the river lies to the north and is overlain by the plateau to the south . the highway turns south at flynns lake , following former highway 507 . it enters the town of buckhorn from the north , where drivers must turn to remain on the highway , which leaves the village to the east . between buckhorn and burleigh falls , the route crosses the cottages thaton the north shore of lower buckhorn lake . = = = = = highway 36 was first designated by the department of highways ( dho ) on july 1 , 1931 , and was one of several highways completed as part of the depression – relief program . the highway initially connected downtown lindsay with bobcaygeon . this section was fully paved by the end of 1937 . on december 1 , 1937 , the dho extended the highway south to highway 28 near burleigh lake . highway 36 remained essentially unchanged between 1937 and 1997 , with the exception of a being rerouted east of lindsay in 1958 . however , on july 1 , 1998 , the portion of highway 36 was transferred to victoria county and peterborough county , both of which redesignated it as county road 36 . victoria county annexed the city of kawartha lakes in 2001 , and that portion of the route is now designated as county road 36 . = = major intersections = = the following table lists the major junctions along highway 36 , as noted by the ministry of transportation of canada . in addition , it has several minor intersections . = arizona state route 67 = state route 67 ( sr 67 ) is a 43 @ . @ 4 miles ( 69 @ . @ 8 km ) long , north – ##n scenic highway in northern arizona . also called the kaibab highway – north rim parkway , sr 67 is the sole road that links u . s . route 89a ( us 89a ) at jacob lake to the north rim of grand canyon national park . along the route , the road passes through the national park as well as kaibab national forest and is surrounded by evergreen trees . the section inside the national park is maintained by the national park service ( nps ) , whereas the section north of the entrance , entirely within kaibab national forest , is maintained by the arizona department of transportation ( adot ) . the road was built in the late 1920s and paved in the 1930s . in 1941 , the road received its designation , and was given its designation as the parkway in the 1980s . the parkway has received designations as a state registered scenic byway as well as a national scenic byway . = = route number = = signage for sr 67 begins at bright angel point on the north rim of the grand canyon national park . adot does not officially recognize this section of road , but it is signed as sr 67 . the road heads north as the kaibab plateau – north rim parkway to the small community of north rim , surrounded by evergreen trees . the road passes through small wilderness before meeting the parkentrance , where maintenance by adot begins . heading into kaibab national forest on a northwest path , the roadway is characterized by a large meadow surrounded by evergreen trees . as it approaches the nearby deer lake , sr 67 intersects an unnamed state forest road . the landscape around the route is dominated by these routes . sr 67 makes several turns , turning sharply toward the north . the highway , with the new designation of grand canyon highway in addition to its other designation , makes several turns as it heads north through the woods . it takes a more northward path as it runs through coconino county . at its end , the road turns back north toward its terminus at us 89a in jacob lake . the northern segment of the highway is maintained by adot , who is responsible for maintaining sr 67 and all other highways around the park . as part of this job , adot periodically surveys traffic along its route . these surveys are most often presented in the form of average , daily traffic , which is the number of vehicles that use the route on any average day during the year . in 2009 , adot calculated that around 1 @ , @ 100 vehicles used the route daily at its northern terminus in jacob lake . the federal highway administration ( fhwa ) lists the highway as a national scenic highway , and the national park service has also designated it a national forest service road . no segment of the highway has been listed on the national highway system , a system of roads in the united states important to the nation ' s economy , defense , and mobility . due to the closure of park facilities on the north rim of the grand canyon during winter , recreational traffic is rarely undertaken after december 1st , with the exception that sr 67 is permanently closed to vehicular traffic from december 1st until midnight . = = = = = sr 67 originated as a route to access the north rim of the grand canyon national park as early as 1927 as a dirt road . by 1935 , the road had been converted to a gravel road , and by 1938 it had been paved . in 1941 , the road was designated as a paved highway and signed as sr 67 . in 1985 , the highway received the designation of kaibab plateau – north rim parkway , an arizona state scenic highway . the designation included sr 67 in its entirety as well as extending north into grand canyon national park . two years later , adot purchased the right @ - @ of @ - @ land for improvement of the road from its northern terminus approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south . in 1989 ,an additional right @ - @ of @ - @ way was added by adot from its southern terminus about 5 miles ( . @ . @ 0 km ) south . in june of that year , the route received the designation of a national historic scenic byway , and in june 1998 , the kaibab plateau – north valley parkway received another designation , this time as a national scenic highway . since then , the route has not been changed and retains its original alignment . = = junction = = = the entire route is in coconino county .