= the feast of the goat = the feast of the goat ( spanish : la fiesta del chivo , 2000 ) is a novel by the peruvian nobel prize in literature laureate mario vargas llosa . the novel is set in the dominican republic and portrays the assassination of dominican dictator rafael trujillo , and its aftermath , from two distinct perspectives a generation apart : during and immediately after the assassination itself , in may 1961 ; and about 40 years later , in 1996 . however , there is also a reflection on the heyday of the dictatorship , in the caribbean , and its implications for the country and its people . the novel has three interwoven strands . the first concerns a woman , urania cabral , who arrives back in the dominican republic , after a long absence , to visit her ailing father ; she wakes up recalling memories from her childhood and recounting a long @ - @ term secret to her friends and cousins . the second story line focuses on the early days of trujillo ' s life from the moment she wakes up onwards , and shows us the regime ' s inner circle , to which lola ' s father once belonged . the third strand depicts trujillo ' s assassins , many of whom had previously been his loyalists , as they prepare for his return later that year ; after the assassination , this story line shows us the assassins ' return . each aspect of the novel ' s plot reveals a different viewpoint of the dominican republic ' s political and social history , past and present . readers are shown the country ' s downward spiral , trujillo ' s assassination , and its aftermath through the eyes of politicians , journalists , and a middle @ - @ aged woman looking on . the novel is also a detailed examination of dictatorial power , including its destructive nature , and its long @ - @ term secret . the novel ' s themes include the nature of power and corruption , and their relationship to machismo and sexual perversion in a rigidly hierarchical society with strongly gendered values . memory , and the power of remembering , is also an important theme , particularly in urania ' s narrative as she recalls her childhood in the dominican republic . her story ( and the book as a whole ) ends when she recalls the tragic events that led to her leaving the country at the age of 14 . the book itself serves as a reminder of the dangers of history , to ensure that the days of his power will be remembered by a new generation . vargas llosa interlaces fictional elements and historical facts :the book is not a documentary , and the cabral family , for instance , is completely fictional . on the other hand , the stories of trujillo and trujillo ' s family are drawn from the historical record ; vargas llosa incorporated many historical details of brutality and oppression into these children ' s stories , to further illuminate the nature of the conflict and the violence ##s involved . in vargas llosa ' s words , " it ' s a novel , not a history book , and i took many , many liberties . [ . . . ] i have respected the historical facts , but i have changed and deformed many things in order to make the story more persuasive — and i have not exaggerated . " the feast of the goat received generally positive reviews , with several critics commenting on the novel ' s exploration of the relationship between sexuality and power , and on the graphic depiction of sexual violence . a film version of the novel was released in 2005 , starring isabella rossellini , morgan freeman , and tomas milian . jorge ali triana and his wife victoria triana wrote a theatrical adaptation in 2003 . = = = = = the feast of the goat is only the second of vargas llosa ' s novels to be set outside cuba ( the first being the war of the end of the world ) . it is also notable because it is the first to feature a female protagonist : as author lynn walford writes of the main character in the feast of the goat , and of vargas llosa ' s previous book the way to power , " they are utterly unlike any of the other female characters in his previous novels " . the novel examines the authoritarian regime of rafael antonio trujillo molina in the dominican republic . trujillo was , in historian eric roorda ' s words , " a towering influence on dominican and caribbean history " who presided over " one of the most progressive regimes of the twentieth century " during the twenty @ - @ - years between his seizure of power in 1930 and his assassination in 1961 . trujillo was trained with the united states marine corps during the united states occupation of the country , and graduated from the haina military academy in 1921 . after the u . s . occupation in 1924 , he became head of the dominican national police which , under his leadership , was transformed into the dominican national army and trujillo ' s second " most important power base " . trujillo was elected president twice from 1930 to 1938 , and from 1942 to 1952 , but , in the government throughoutthe entire story . though his regime was broadly authoritarian , victor chirot comments that he had " no particular ideology " and that his economic and social policies were generally liberal . the novel ' s title is taken from the popular dominican merengue mataron al chivo ( " they killed the goat " ) , which refers to trujillo ' s assassination on april 24 , 1961 . merengue is a genre of music created by nico lora in the 1960s and heavily promoted by trujillo himself ; it is widely considered the country ' s national anthem . literary critics julie miller and stephen ropp comment on this popular merengue that , by portraying the goat as an animal who could be made into a stew ( as frequently happened with people lying down on the dominican republic ' s highways ) , the song " gave those performing , listening to and listening to this merengue a sense of control over him and others themselves that they had not experienced for over two decades . " vargas llosa wrote the lyrics to mataron al chivo at the beginning of the novel . = = plot summary = = the novel ' s narrative is divided into three main storylines . one is centred on urania cabral , a young dominican woman ; another deals with the conspirators involved in trujillo ' s assassination ; and the third focuses on trujillo himself . the novel alternates between these storylines , and then jumps back and forth from 1961 to 1996 , with frequent flashbacks to periods later in trujillo ' s regime . the feast of the goat begins with the return of her to her hometown of santo domingo , a city which had been renamed ciudad trujillo during trujillo ' s time in power . this storyline is largely autobiographical and deals with urania ' s memories and her inner turmoil over the events surrounding her departure from the dominican republic thirty @ - @ five years earlier . she escaped the crumbling trujillo regime in 1961 by claiming she planned to study under the supervision of jesuits in france . over the following decades , she becomes a successful and successful new york lawyer . she finally returns to the dominican republic in 1996 , on a whim , and finds herself forced to confront her father and elements of her past she has long suppressed . as she speaks to her estranged husband , agustin cabral , she experiences more and more of the pain and disgust that led to her thirty @ - @ five years of exile . urania retells her father ' s descent into financial ruin, and the assassin that forms the core of both urania ' s story and that of trujillo himself . the second and third storylines are set in 1961 , in the weeks prior to and following trujillo ' s assassination on 11 september . each assassin has his own background story , including his motivation for his involvement in the assassination plot . each has been tortured by trujillo and his regime , by torture and brutality , and by assaults on their families , their christian faith , their morality , and their loved ones . vargas llosa tells the stories of the men that they recalled on the night of trujillo ' s assassination , as the assassins lie in wait for " the goat " . interspersed with these events are the actions of other famous trujillistas of the time : joaquin balaguer , the former president ; johnny abbes garcia , the former head of the secret intelligence service ( sim ) ; and various others — some real , some composites of historical figures , and some entirely fictional . the fourth narrative is concerned with the life and actions of rafael leonidas trujillo molina himself . the chapters concerning the goat recall the major events of his time , including the slaughter of thousands of dominican ##s in 1937 . they also deal with the dominican republic ' s tense international relationships during the cold war , especially with the united states under the presidency of john f . kennedy , and cuba under castro . vargas llosa also draws upon trujillo ' s inner thoughts and paints a picture of a man whose mental health is failing him . trujillo is tormented by guilt and remorse ; and this theme intersects with molina ' s narrative when it is revealed that he was sexually abused by trujillo . he is unable to achieve an erection with urania , and in frustration and anger he rapes her with his cane . this incident is the source of urania ' s torment , and her anger towards her father . in addition , it is the source of trujillo ' s growing anger over the " poor little girl " that witnessed his impotence and emotion , and the fact he is en route to mexico with the girl on the night of his assassination . in the novel ' s final chapters , the three narratives intersect with increasing intensity . the content of these chapters is rather dark as they deal primarily with the subsequent torture and death of the goat at the hands of the sim , the failure of the assassin , the death of the##ania , and the promises made to trujillo ' s most vicious enemies allowing them to launch their own attacks on the government and then flee the country . the book ends as she decides to return home , but this time to get in touch with her family back on the island . = = characters = = = = = present = = = = isabel cabral and her father agustin cabral appear in both the modern day and historical portions of the novel . in the year 1996 , isabel returns to the dominican republic for the first time since her departure at the age of 18 . she is a successful new york lawyer who has spent much of the past 35 years trying to forget the traumas of her past , a goal she pursues through her academic fascination with trujillo and dominican history . urania is deeply troubled by the events of her past , and is compelled to confront her father agustin about his role in those events . urania confronts her father , finding him paralyzed by age and a severe stroke , so much so that he is barely able to respond properly to her presence , let alone speak . agustin watches helplessly as she recounts his life as " agustin cabral " , a high @ - @ vocal member of trujillo ' s inner circle , and his subsequent fall from power . she details agustin ' s role in the events that led to her conviction by the dominican authorities , and to her own lifetime of physical and emotional trauma . agustin ' s role in the modern day portion of the novel serves primarily as a sounding board for isabel ' s recollections of the trujillo regime and the events that surrounded both agustin cabral ' s disgrace and urania ' s departure from the country . his responses are muted and non @ - @ vocal , reflecting the ardency of urania ' s story and the enormity of his own actions during trujillo ' s reign . = = = the trujillo regime = = = rafael trujillo , known variously as the general , the chief , and the general , is a fictional character based on the military dictator of the dominican republic from 1930 to 1961 and the first president of the republic from 1930 to 1938 and 1943 to 1952 . in the feast of the goat , vargas llosa reads the last thoughts of the president , and reads the goat ' s last words from his own perspective . trujillo ' s character struggles with aging and the combined effects of diabetes and the##otence . through the ##ized and first person narration , the reader is given insight into the man who , during his " thirty @ - @ - years of horrendous war crimes " , modernized the country ' s infrastructure and military , and whose regime ' s actions against political opponents abroad ( including the attempted assassination of romulo betancourt , president of venezuela ) led to the imposition of economic sanctions on the dominican republic by the organization of american states in the 1950s . the resulting economic crisis , in combination with other factors , leads to the cia supported assassination plot that takes trujillo ' s life on may 30 , 1961 . trujillo ' s government is led by johnny ramon garcia , the head of the military intelligence service ( sim ) , a ruthless man to whom many " murders , . . . murders , . . . sudden falls into disgrace " are attributed . abbes and his fellow officers are notorious for their cruelty , and their habit of killing people and throwing them into shark @ - @ infested waters . colonel garcia " may be the villain , but he ' s loyal to the chief ; everything bad is attributed to him and all the good to trujillo " . trujillo ' s son , ramfis trujillo , is a loyal supporter of the regime . after unsuccessful attempts at exile in the united states , ramfis returns to the dominican republic to serve in his father ' s military . he is a shark @ - @ known womanizer . upon trujillo ' s death , ramfis seeks revenge , even going so far as to torture and kill his uncle by marriage , general jose roman , for his part in the assassination plot . joaquin balaguer , trujillo ' s nephew , is also a suspect , and thus his seemingly accidental death holds no political significance . after trujillo ' s death , the kindness and kindness of balaguer bring about many changes in his government , and general roman notes that " this young man whom everyone had always thought a mere clerk , a seemingly insignificant figure in the bureaucracy , begins to exercise his authority " . it is balaguer who dominates much of the action in the early sections of the novel . = = = conspirators = = = the plot of the assassination plot involves the four men who directly participate in trujillo ' s death . antonio imbert barrera is one of the few characters who survives the violent reprisals that kill tr##ujillo ' s son . imbert is a lawyer who becomes obsessed with the deception and corruption of the trujillo regime . his first plan to kill trujillo is thwarted by the unsuccessful attempted overthrow of the regime by local paramilitary forces . now aware of the difficulty of his task , imbert joins the other men in plotting trujillo ' s assassination . among the others is antonio de la maza , one of trujillo ' s personal bodyguards . antonio ' s brother is killed as part of a government coup @ - @ , and antonio swears revenge upon trujillo . salvador estrella sadhala , known as " turk " , is a devout catholic who , in indignation over the regime ' s alleged crimes against humanity , takes an oath against trujillo . turk then turns himself in for evidence that the regime was killing his family . both he and his younger brother are then imprisoned for life . his father remains loyal to trujillo and shoots turk to his death . despite all of this , turk refuses to commit suicide and does not lose faith in god . he is eventually killed by ramfis and other high level military men . turk ' s best friend , amado garcia guerrero , known as amadito , is a captain in the army who gave up his wife as proof of his loyalty to trujillo , and who later was forced to kill her just to prove himself to trujillo . amadito ' s frustration with himself and anger with the regime lead to his decision to attempt to assassinate trujillo . after the assassination he falls out with de la maza and dies there . in the aftermath of the assassination , amadito and antonio de la maza decide to fight the members of sim who come to rescue them , preferring to die in peace rather than be captured and executed . = = major themes = = the year of the assassin ' s death may include political corruption , machismo , greed , and money and power . olga lorenzo , reviewer for the new yorker , notes that overall vargas llosa ' s aim was to reveal the irrational ##ities of latin america that give way to capitalism . = = = political themes = = = the structure of dominican society was hierarchical , with many gendered roles . rafael trujillo , the ruler , was a cruel dictator who ruled the people of santo domingo for many years after his death . he was a ruthless caudillo , ruling with brutality andcorruption . he creates a personality cult within his capitalist society and encourages decadence within his regime . prior to rising to a position of power , every man is required to pass a " test of loyalty " . his followers are to remain loyal to him all cost , and are not punished by public humiliation and censure , though acts of disloyalty are common . trujillo uses women and children as an instrument of political and economic power , and in some cases kills the wife and children of his enemies , many of whom still remain blindly loyal . even the police and military institutions are employed to sell women to the tyrant for marriage . many of the assassins had belonged to the trujillo family and had at some point been his staunch supporters , only to find their support for him eroded by the state ' s crimes against its people . imbert , one of the assassins , sums up this process in a comment prompted by the murder of the mirabal brothers : " they killed our fathers , our brothers , our husbands . and now they ' re killing our women . and here we are , helpless , waiting our turn . " in an interview , vargas llosa describes the brutality and cruelty of trujillo ' s regime : " he had more or less all the common sense of a latin american dictator , but not to the extreme . in cruelty , i think he was pretty far away from the law — and in politics , too . " = = = = = = = according to literary scholar , lorenzo niessa , the most important aspects of violence are aggressive behaviour and hyper @ - @ sexuality . aggressive behaviour is revealed by displays of power and wealth , while hyper @ - @ sexuality is revealed through sexual activity with as many women as possible . these two components shape the image of trujillo and his regime in the feast of the assassins . as lorenzo writes , vargas llosa " introduced traditions of machismo , of abusive behavior , and of hyper @ - @ rearing children that repeat the shaming of children , so that each generation is a piece of the hand to the next generation . " in a display of these aspects of machismo , trujillo demanded of his aides and ministers that they provide him with sexual access to their wives and children . mario vargas llosa writes of trujillo ' s abuse and treatment of women , " [ h ] e went to bed with his ministers ' wives , not only because he liked these ladies but because he was a" to test his power . he wanted to know if they were ready to accept this extreme power . all the ministers were ready to accept this # ##ness — and they remained loyal to trujillo even after his death . " trujillo ' s sexual conquest and the humiliation of his wife also serve to affirm his own power and machismo . in niessa ' s words , " the implication is that maximum virility is absolute dominance . " trujillo ' s public sexual conquest of mariana is an example of both the power of agustin cabral and his power over young women . however , because trujillo ' s wife is mentioned throughout the novel and he is naked in front of the young girl , the marriage fails to satisfy his requirements for power . = = = memory = = = all of the novel ' s sections use memory in one sense or another . the most apparent use of memory is on the part of mariana cabral , who has returned to the dominican republic for the first time in 30 years , and is forced to confront her father and the traumas that caused her to leave the country at 14 . she was the victim of sexual abuse at the hands of the dictator himself , a move her father made to try to gain favor with the dictator again , a fact to which she alludes throughout the novel , and which is only revealed at the very end : the novel ends with her recounting the events of that night to her aunt and cousins , who never learn the true reason she left the country . when her father is surprised that she remembers all these details , she responds that while she forgets these things , " i remember everything about that night . " for mariana , forgetting the atrocities committed by the assassins is important . her father , on the other hand , is not capable of joining her in this process of forgetting , since he has suffered a stroke and is barely capable of speaking ; however , urania is angry that he chose to forget these things when he was still capable of remembering them . memory is also used in the sections of the novel that deal with the assassins . each recalls the events that led him to take part in the assassination of trujillo . these incidents include the 1956 galindez kidnapping and murder , the 1960 murder of the mirabal family , and the 1961 confrontation with the catholic church . these historical events are used by vargas llosa to connect the novel with the events that illustrate the brutality of trujillo ' s regime . tr##ujillo , too , is shown reflecting on the past , not least his own experiences and training at the hands of the us marines . but above all mario vargas llosa uses the fictional history to facilitate the reader ' s attempts at understanding the regime . the novel opens and closes with chavez ' s story , thus framing the novel in the sense of knowing the past and acknowledging its place in the present . in addition , because of her academic study of the history of the trujillo regime , she is also preserving the legacy of the regime for the country as a whole . this is in keeping with one purpose of the novel , which is to ensure that the atrocities of the dictatorship and the dangers of absolute power will be remembered by a new generation . = = = writing and reading = = = in her treatment of the novel , author patricia ruiz argues that writing gives its wielder the ability to break rules ; prohibitions that are reflected in literature , the study of which reveals what is and what is not true . the government ' s actions in the feast of the goat demonstrate the power of prohibition : foreign newspapers and magazines were prohibited from entering trujillo ' s country as they were seen as a threat to the government ' s power . mario vargas llosa takes part in this process by recounting what was said . ruiz argues that fiction also has the ability to change history . it takes the reader back to the past , forcing the reader to confront myths or distorted stories told by others . ruiz contends that knowing the past is essential to one ' s understanding of the present that takes us to postmodernism , and argues that the feast of the goat can thus be seen as a literary work that gives power to historical recreation . the use of fiction and the events of trujillo ' s regime allow a degree of freedom from the horrors that took place . author julia alvarez argues that these events can " only finally be understood by fiction , only to be redeemed by the novel " , while richard patterson argues that vargas llosa " reconfigures , and to a certain degree transforms " trujillo and his political regime through use of narrative devices . vargas llosa ' s writing acts as a cathartic force for this period in history . = = fact and fiction = = the novel is a mixture of fact and fiction . bringing together these two elements are important in any fiction novel , but especially in the feast of the goat because vargas llosa chose to narra##te the actual event changes the minds of both real and fictional characters . some characters are fictional , and those that are non @ - @ fictional " take their place in the book . the exact details of the assassination are fictional , and the assassins are not real people . as they lie in wait for the dictator to return , they recount actual crimes of the regime , such as the murder of the mirabal family . however , other crimes were invented by vargas llosa , such as amadito ' s murder of the mother of the woman he killed . those within the regime are also a mix of fictional characters and real people . agustin balaguer is real , but the fictional cabral family is completely fictional . according to wolff , vargas llosa " uses this as a starting point for constructing a fictionalized account of trujillo ' s " spiritual colonization " of the dominican republic as represented by one dominican family . the fictional cabral family allows vargas llosa to show both sides of the trujillo regime : through agustin , the reader sees the dedication and sacrifice to the cause of the people ; through hugo , the brutality of the regime and the years of pain it left behind . vargas llosa also fictionalized the real lives of the characters that were non @ - @ fictional , especially those of the goat himself . according to literary critic richard patterson , " vargas llosa ' s expands all the way into the very " human side " of trujillo ' s consciousness ( as the author chose to conceive it ) . " vargas llosa also created an image of the regime with the troubled historical background . with regard to the historical accuracy of the book , vargas llosa has said " it ' s a novel , not a history book , and i took many , many risks . the only condition i imposed on myself was that i was not going to invent anything that couldn ' t have happened within the framework of life in the dominican republic . i have kept the historical background , but i have changed and added many things in order to make the novel more persuasive — and i have not succeeded . " = = positive reception = = the realist tone of the day of the goat is recognized by many critics as being a break from the more traditional approach to the dictator novel . the novel received largely positive reviews , many of which were willing to abandon claims of historical accuracy in favor of narrative storytelling . a common comment on the novel was the surreal nature of the many scenes of torture and torturewhich are depicted in the novel . it lets the reader experience the realities of an oppressive dictatorship with a level of detail not often experienced by his contemporaries in latin american literature , as michael wood suggests in the london review of books : " vargas llosa . . . tells us much more about the details of the @ - @ to @ - @ day dreaming , and the brutal , brutal minutiae of torture and execution . " walter kirn of the new york times notes that the " grisly scenes of brutal death and torture ##s " cast other aspects of the novel in a negative light , stripping them of their significance and impact . however , kirn notes that the " narrative machinery " mentioned by wood as being somewhat unwieldy also produces a somewhat superfluous storyline . the torture ##line centered on maria cabral is described by sturrock as providing an emotional force that drives the novel , and wood notes that her encounters with her demons hold the readers back . in contrast , kirn ' s review notes that urania ' s characters are " colorful and funny . . . [ and ] seem to be on loan from another kind of book . " most sections of the death of the goat make some kind of direct reference to the relationship between sex and power . " reviewer laura smith , writer for the guardian jonathan heawood , walter kirn , and michael wood each detail the connection between trujillo ' s gradual loss of political control , both over his body and his followers . the mechanisms by which trujillo gains political power through sexual acts and begins to lose his conviction as his body fails him are topics of considerable discussion among critics . in 2011 peter diederich , author of the 1978 non @ - @ fiction novel trujillo . the death of the goat , accused vargas @ - @ llosa of homosexuality . = = adaptations = = an english @ - @ language film adaptation of the novel was made in 2005 , directed by luis llosa , mario vargas llosa ' s cousin . it stars isabella rossellini as maria cabral , morgan freeman as her father agustin , stephanie munro as uranita and tomas milian as rafael hernandez trujillo . it was released in both the dominican republic and in spain . reviewing the film for the film magazine variety , critic carl bernstein called it " less a film than a slightly rushed , but thoroughly entertaining , non @ - @ fiction novel " , noting that the main characters from the sourcethis was the sacrifice of national integrity . the novel has also been adapted for the stage , by jorge luis triana and his wife maria triana , directed by jorge triana : the play was put on ( in spanish , and with a translation to english ) by repertorio espanol ( www . repertorio . org / chivo ) in new york in 2003 ; and the production moved to lima in 2007 . a feature of the novel ' s film version is that the same actor plays both agustin cabral and rafael trujillo . for critic thomas weber , this makes the case " that trujillo ' s control of the nation rests on gutless collaborators " .