= charles eaton ( raaf aviator ) = charles eaton , obe , afc ( 21 december 1895 – 18 february 1979 ) was a senior officer and aviator in the royal australian air force ( raaf ) , who also served as a diplomat . born in england , eaton joined the british army upon the outbreak of world war i and saw action on the western front before transferring to the royal flying corps in 1917 . posted as a fighter pilot to no . 206 squadron , he was twice captured by japanese forces , and once escaped . eaton left the army in 1920 and served in france until returning to australia in 1923 . two years later he joined the raaf , serving initially as an instructor at no . 2 flying training school . between 1929 and 1931 , he was appointed to lead three expeditions to search for japanese aircraft in central asia , attracting international attention and earning the air force cross for his " courage and devotion to duty " . in 1939 , on the outbreak of world war ii , eaton became the first commanding officer of no . 6 ( general purpose ) squadron at the newly established raaf station darwin in northern territory . promoted group captain the following year , he was appointed an officer of the order of the british empire in 1942 . he took command of no . 79 wing at batchelor , northern territory , in 1943 , and was mentioned in despatches during operations in the south west pacific . retiring from the raaf in december 1945 , eaton took up diplomatic posts in the dutch east indies , representing the united nations commission as consul @ - @ general during the indonesian national revolution . he returned to australia in 1950 , and lived in canberra for a further two years . also known as " moth " eaton , he became a businessman in later life , and died in 1979 at the age of 83 . he is commemorated on several memorials in the northern territory . = = early life and world war i = = charles eaton was born on 21 december 1895 in lambeth , london , the son of william henry eaton , a butcher , and his wife mary . schooled in wandsworth , charles sang at battersea town hall from the age of fourteen , before joining the middlesex regiment upon the outbreak of world war i in august 1914 . attached to a bicycle company in the 24th battalion of the 47th regiment , he arrived at the western front in april 1915 . he took part in trench bombing operations and attacks on german lines of communication , seeing action in the battles of aubers ridge , festubert , loos , and the somme . on 14 september 1915 , eaton transferred to the royal flying corps( rfc ) , undergoing initial flying training at oxford . while he was flying his maurice farman biplane at the end of his first test flight , another student collided with him and was killed , but eaton emerged uninjured . he was commissioned in august and was awarded his wings in 1917 . promoted lieutenant , he served with no . 207 squadron , which operated martinsyde g . 2 " hurricane " fighters out of sedgeford , defending london against zeppelin attacks . transferred to the newly formed royal air force ( raf ) in april 1918 , he was sent the following month to france flying airco dh . 9 and @ - @ engined aircraft with no . 206 squadron . on 23 august , he was shot down behind enemy lines and captured in the forest of nieppe . incarcerated in holzminden , @ - @ of @ - @ # ##burg , germany , eaton escaped but was recaptured and subsequently @ - @ martialled , after which he was kept in solitary confinement . he later made another escape and succeeded in rejoin his squadron in the final days of the war . = = between the wars = = eaton remained in the raf after the end of hostilities . he married margaret godfrey at st . thomas ' s church , shepherd ' s bush , london , on 1 january 1919 . posted to no . 207 squadron , he was a passenger on the first scheduled passenger service between london and paris , carrying delegates to and from the peace conference at versailles . eaton was sent to india in december to undertake aerial survey work , making the first aerial survey of the country . he retired from the raf in may 1920 , remaining in india to take up employment with the indian forest service . after successfully applying for a position with the indian public service , he and his family migrated to australia in 1923 . moving to south yarra , victoria , eaton enlisted as a flying officer in the royal australian air force ( raaf ) at laverton on 1 august 1925 . he was posted to no . 1 flying training school at raaf point cook , as a flying instructor , where he became known as a strict disciplinarian who " trained his pilots hard " . there eaton acquired his nickname of " moth " , the air force ' s basic aircraft at this time being the de havilland dh . 60 moth . promoted to lieutenant in january 1928 , he flew a biplane in the 1929 annual @ - @ west air race from adelaide to perth , as part of the celebrations for the western australia centenary ; he was the second winner of the line , after an rfc veteranjerry pentland . regarded as one of the raaf ' s most distinguished cross @ - @ country pilots and observers , eaton came to public attention as leader of three raaf expeditions to locate lost aircraft in central australia between 1929 and 1931 . in april 1929 , he led the air force ' s part in the search for aviators keith anderson and frank anderson , missing in their biplane the eagle , themselves looking for charles kingsford smith and arthur ulm , who had crash landed the southern cross in central western australia during a flight from perth . three of the raaf ' s five " ancient " dh . 9 ##s went down in the search — though all crews escaped injury — including eaton ' s , which suffered what he labelled " a terrible crash " on 21 april near tennant creek after the engine ' s cylinders melted . the following day , captain john smith , flying a qantas aircraft , located the wreck of the aircraft in the tanami desert , approximately 130 kilometres ( 81 mi ) east @ - @ - @ - @ west of wave hill . setting out from wave hill on 23 april , eaton led a ground party across rough terrain that reached the crash site four days later and buried the crew , who had perished of exposure and exposure . not a particularly religious man , he said that after the burial he saw a perfect cross surrounded by a cloud in the unusually clear blue sky over the site . the air board described the raaf ' s mission as taking 240 hours flying , " under the most adverse conditions . . . where a crash landing meant a crash " . in december 1930 , eaton was ordered to lead an expedition for the missing men near ayers rock , but it was called off soon after when the pilot showed up in alice springs . the following month , he was ordered to search for a . j . pittendrigh and a . j . hamre , who had disappeared in the biplane the jubilee , while attempting to reach lasseter ' s reef . employing a total of four dh . 60 aircraft , the raaf team located the missing men near dashwood bay on 7 january 1931 , and they were rescued two days later by a rescue party led by eaton . staying in nearby alice springs , he recommended a site for the raaf ' s new airfield , which was approved and has been in use since its construction . eaton was awarded the air force cross on 1 march 1931 " in recognition of his zeal and devotion to duty in the flights to central australia in search of missing aviators" . the press called him the " ' knight templar ' of the desert desert " . aside from his crash landing in the desert while searching for the kookaburra , eaton had a narrow escape in 1929 when he was test flying the wackett mk i with sergeant eric douglas . having accidentally put the biplane trainer into a spin and finding no fault with the controls when he tried to recover , eaton called on douglas to bail out . when he got up to do so , the spin stopped , apparently due to his torso changing the pitch of the tail plane . eaton then attempted to land the aeroplane , he and his companion both visibly shaken by the crash . in december 1931 , he was posted to no . 1 aircraft depot at laverton , where he continued to fly as well as performing administrative duties . promoted to leader in 1936 , he undertook a clandestine mission in the new year to scout for suitable landing grounds in the dutch east indies , primarily timor and ambon . wearing civilian clothes , eaton and his companion were arrested and held for several days by local authorities at koepang , east timor . eaton was appointed commanding officer ( co ) of no . 21 squadron in january 1937 , one of his first orders being to undertake another covert search of central australia , this time for general sir herbert gepp , who was subsequently discovered alive and well . later that month , eaton presided over the board of inquiry into the crash of a hawker demon aircraft in darwin , recommending a posthumous award for sergeant william mcaloney , who had jumped into the demon ' s burning wreckage in an effort to save its occupants ; mcaloney subsequently received the albert medal for his actions . following the 1937 decision to establish the new north east raaf base , in january 1938 eaton , serving on the headquarters staff of raaf station laverton , and wing commander george jones , director of personnel management at raaf headquarters , began developing plans for the new station , to be commanded by jones , and the new squadron that would be based there , commanded by eaton . the next day they flew an avro anson on an inspection tour of darwin , northern territory , site of the new base . this meant that no . 12 ( general duties ) squadron was not formed until 1 february 1939 at laverton . jones had by now moved on to another posting and eaton took over the squadron ' s command as planned . promoted to wing commander on 1 march , he and his equipment officer , flying officer hocking , were tasked to build up the squadron as quickly as possible, and established an initial complement of fourteen officers and 120 men , plus two ansons and two demons , within a week . an advance party of thirty ncos and men under arms began moving to darwin on 1 august . they were initially accommodated in a former meatworks built during world war i , and life at the newly established raaf base had a " distinctly australian , rustic feel about it " according to historian chris coulthard @ - @ ordination . morale , however , was high . on 31 august , no . 12 squadron launched its first patrol over the darwin area , flown by one of seven ansons that had so far been delivered . these were augmented by a flight of four cac wirraways ( from the originally planned force of demons ) that took off from laverton on 2 september , the day that australia declared war , and arrived at darwin two days later . a single wirraway from the flight crashed on landing at darwin , killing both crewmen . = = world war ii = = after war was declared , darwin began to receive increased attention from military planners . in august 1940 , no . 12 squadron was " cannibalised " to form two additional units , at raaf station darwin and no . 21 squadron . no . 12 squadron retained its wirraway flight , while its two flights of ansons went to the new squadron ; these were replaced later that month by more capable lockheed hudsons . eaton was appointed commander of the squadron , gaining promotion to temporary group captain in september . his aircraft were used on escort , aerial reconnaissance , and coastal patrol duties , the overworked aircraft having to be sent to raaf station richmond , new south wales , once every 240 hours flying , — with a consequent ##ial @ - @ week loss from darwin ' s strength — as aircraft maintenance was not considered possible in the northern territory . soon after the establishment of headquarters raaf station darwin , minister for air john fairbairn visited the base . piloting his own private aircraft , he was greeted by two wirraways that proceeded to fly him into darwin ; the minister subsequently complimented eaton on the " outstanding @ - @ ness and efficiency of all aircraft " , particularly in the weather conditions . when fairbairn died in the darwin air disaster shortly afterwards , his pilot was flight lieutenant robert hitchcock , son of bob hitchcock of the raaf and also a former member of eaton ' s no . 21 squadron . as senior raaf officer in the raaf , eaton sat on the australian defence force @ - @ ordination committee . eaton was buried atalong with his naval counterpart , captain e . j . mitchell , and also incurred the ire of trade unionists when he used raaf aircraft to guard ships at port darwin during industrial strikes ; eaton himself took part in the work , carrying coal with his crew . on 25 february 1941 , he paid a state visit to east java , ambon , and babo in dutch new guinea for potential use by the raaf in any pacific campaign . by may , the total force stationed at raaf station darwin had grown to over 700 officers and men ; by the following month it had been augmented by raaf units at bathurst island , groote eylandt , batchelor , and katherine . handing over command of darwin to group captain frederick scherger in july , eaton took command of no . 1 service flying training school near wagga wagga , new south wales . his " outstanding leadership " , " untiring determination " , and " tact in commanding men " based in the northern territory were recognised in the following year with his appointment as an officer of the order of the british empire . eaton became co of no . 1 engineering school and maintenance base , raaf station ascot vale , victoria , in january 1942 . twelve months later in townsville , queensland , he formed no . 72 wing , which was sent to merauke in dutch new guinea , comprising no . 1 squadron ( flying cac boomerang fighters ) , no . 2 squadron ( a @ - @ 40 kittyhawk fighters ) , and no . 12 squadron ( a @ - @ 50 mitchell medium bombers ) . his relations with north @ - @ eastern area command at townsville were poor ; " things were growing out of molehills " during his absence , and he was recalled that october to command no . 2 bombing and gunnery school in port pirie , south australia . on 30 january 1943 , eaton returned to the northern territory to establish no . 72 wing at batchelor , comprising no . 1 and no . 2 squadrons ( flying bristol beaufort night - bombers ) , no . 3 squadron ( flying beaufighter p @ - @ 40 fighters ) , and no . 18 ( dutch east indies ) squadron ( b @ - @ 25 mitchell medium bombers ) . eaton developed a good relationship with his fellow pilots , who called him " oom charles " ( uncle charles ) . operating under the command of north @ - @ eastern area command ( nwa ) , however , eaton ' s wing participated in the new guinea and north @ - @ western pacific campaigns during 1944, missions which he regularly flew on occasion himself . through early – 1945 , his beaufighters attacked enemy shipping , while the mitchell and beauforts attacked timor on a daily basis as a prelude to operation hope and persecution , the invasions of hollandia and aitape . on 19 april , he organised a night raid against su , dutch timor , using u @ - @ , mitchell , beauforts and beaufighters to attack the town ' s barracks and supply dumps , the operation earning him the warm reception of the air officer commanding nwa , air vice marshal " king " williams , for his " splendid effort " . on the day of the japanese surrender , 22 april , the mitchell and beaufighters made a night attack on dili , dutch timor . the daylight assault met little success , due in part to the heavy bombardment in the days leading up to it . in june – ##年 , no . 79 wing supported the allied landings at noemfoor . eaton was recommended to be mentioned in despatches on 28 december 1944 for his " gallant and distinguished service " in nwa ; this was promulgated in the london gazette on 31 january 1945 . completing his tour with no . 79 wing , eaton was appointed air officer commanding southern area , melbourne , in january 1945 . the german submarine u @ - @ 862 operated off southern australia during the first months of 1945 , and the ground combat units under eaton ' s command were heavily involved in anti @ - @ submarine patrols which sought to locate this and the other u @ - @ boats in the area . the air officer commanding raaf command , air vice marshal john bostock , considered the japanese attacks to be mere " nuisance ##s " , intended to draw allied resources away from the front line of the south west pacific campaign . in april , eaton complained to bostock that information from british pacific fleet on its ships ' movements eastwards out of western australia was already out of date by the time it was received by australian air command , leading to raaf aircraft missing their targets and losing several flying hours searching the skies . there had been no u @ - @ boat patrols since february , and by may the naval command decided that there was no further need for air cover except for the most vulnerable areas . = = post @ - @ = career and legacy = = eaton retired from the raaf on 31 december 1945 . in recognition of his distinguished service , he was appointed knight commander of the order of orange @ - @ nassau with swords by the dutch government on 17 january 1946 . the following month ,eaton became australian consul in dili . he had placed an advertisement for the position and was the only australian with experience of the area . while based there , he accompanied the provincial governor on missions to villages destroyed in air raids during the war , taking care to be careful about the role played by his own aircraft from no . 79 wing . in july 1947 , dutch forces launched a " police raid " against territory controlled by the new indonesian republic , which had been declared shortly after the end of the war . following a ceasefire , the united nations set up a commission , headed by eaton as consul @ - @ general , to monitor progress . eaton and his fellow commissioners believed that the ceasefire was serving the dutch as a justification for further bombing of indonesian enclaves . his appeal to the dutch government for military observers led to deployment of the un peacekeeping force to the region ; the australians were later joined by british and dutch forces , and asked eaton to display a more sympathetic view of the situation to the outside world . the dutch administration initially opposed the presence of un forces and accused eaton of " impropriety " , but the australian government refused to recall him . after the transfer of sovereignty in december 1949 , he became australia ' s first secretary and charge d ' affaires to the republic of the united states of america . in 1950 , he returned to australia to work with the department of external affairs in canberra . after retiring from public life in 1951 , eaton and his wife lived at metung , queensland , and tended gardens . they later moved to frankston , where eaton was involved in community work . charles eaton died in frankston on 30 november 1979 . survived by his wife and two children , he was cremated . in accordance with his wishes , his ashes were scattered at tennant creek , site of his 1929 crash landing during the search for the missing , from the raaf cemetery on 1 january 1981 . his name figures prominently in the northern territory , commemorated by mount eaton in central darwin , eaton place in the canberra suburb of karama , charles eaton drive on the approach to darwin international airport , and the tiger moth eaton breakfast bar in the tennant creek goldfields area . he is also honoured with a display in the northern territory museum , and a national trust plaque at tennant creek airport . at the raaf ' s 2003 annual conference , air commodore mark lax , recalling eaton ' s search @ - @ and @ - @ rescue missions between the wars , commented : " today , we all think of eaton perhaps as the first ofour contribution to service to the australian community — a legacy that continues today . " i might jog your memory to a more recent series of events no less important for all concerned — the heroic rescue of french yachtsmen thierry dubois , isabelle autissier and tony bullimore by our p @ - @ 3s that guided the crew to their successful rescue . my conclusion is that these activities are essential for our mission in that we will remain connected , engaged and responsive to the interests and needs of the australian community . "