= elephanta island = elephanta caves are a network of sculpted caves located on elephanta island , or gharapuri ( literally " the island of caves " ) in mumbai harbour , 10 km ( 6 @ . @ 6 mi ) to the east of the city of mumbai in the indian state of maharashtra . the island , located on an island of the arabian sea , consists of two groups of caves — the first , a large group of four hindu caves , the second , a smaller group of two buddhist caves . the hindu caves contain rock cut buddhist sculptures , of the shaiva ##ite sect , dedicated to the lord shiva . the rock cut architecture of the caves has been dated to between the 5th and 8th centuries , although the identity of the original builders is still a matter of debate . the caves are carved from black volcanic rock . = the caves were all fresco painted in the 1950s , but today only traces remain . the main cave ( cave 1 , or the great cave ) was a hindu place of worship until portuguese colonization began in 1534 , during which the caves suffered extensive damage . this cave was restored in the 1970s after years of neglect , and was declared a unesco world heritage site in 1987 to preserve the heritage . it is currently administered by the archaeological survey of india ( asi ) . = = = = = elephanta island , or gharapuri , is about 11 km ( 6 @ . @ 7 mi ) east of the apollo bunder ( bunder in marathi means a " pier for arrival and departure of passengers and cargo " ) in the mumbai harbour and 10 km ( 6 @ . @ 2 mi ) south of pir fort and trombay . the island covers about 15 km2 ( 3 @ . @ 9 sq mi ) at high tide and about 16 km2 ( 4 @ . @ 2 sq mi ) at low tide . gharapuri is a village on the eastern side of the island . the elephanta caves can be reached by car ferry from the gateway of mumbai , mumbai , which has the nearest airport and railway station . the cave is closed on monday . the island is 2 @ . @ 3 km ( 1 @ . @ 2 mi ) in length with steep hills that rise to a height of about 150 m ( 490 ft ) . a deep ravine runs across the middle of the island from north to south . on the north , the hill rises abruptly from the ravine and spreads out from the ravine and rises gradually to the extreme south to a height of 173 m ( 568 ft ). this hill is known as the elephant hill . dense growth with clusters of mango , tamarind , and karanj trees cover the hills with scattered coconut trees . rice fields are seen in the vicinity . the entire island is made up of sand and mud with coconut bushes on the shore . the quays sit near three small hamlets known as raja bunder in the rock @ - @ west , mora bunder in the northeast , and gharapuri and raja bunder in the south . the two hills of the island , the western and the eastern , have two rock @ - @ cut caves in the western hill and a small hill on the eastern hill on its top composed of two caves with a few rock @ - @ cut caves . one of the caves on the eastern hill is excavated . it is a protected island with a buffer zone according to a notification issued in 1985 , which also includes " a protected area " that stretches 1 km ( 0 @ . @ 0 mi ) from the island . = = = = = since no inscriptions on any of the island have been found , the ancient history of the island is unknown , at best . pandavas , the heroes of the hindu epic mahabharata , and banasura , the legendary king of vishnu , are all credited with building temples and offering caves to them . local tradition holds that the caves were not rock @ - @ made . the elephanta caves are " of unknown origin and age " . art historians have placed the caves in the range of late 5th to late 6th century ad . archaeological excavations have revealed a few kshatrapa sculptures dated to 4th century ad . the known history is limited mainly to the defeat of mauryan rulers of konkan by the badami chalukyas under pulakesi ii ( 609 – 642 ) in a naval battle , in 635 ad . elephanta was then called puri ##ya purika , and served as the capital of the konkan mauryas . some historians attribute the construction to the konkan mauryas , and them to the man @ - @ 6th century , though others refute this , saying a relatively small people like the konkan mauryas could not have " the enormous human labor effort , " which was needed to carve the architectural formations from solid rock and could not have the necessary tools to produce a " high quality " sculpture . still other historians attribute the construction to the kalachuris ( late 5th to 6th century ) ,they may have had a close relationship with the konkan mauryas . in an era where buddhism was prevalent , the elephanta main cave saw the worship of the pashupata shaivism sect , a sect to which kalachuris as well as konkan mauryas belonged . the chalukyas , who defeated the kalachuris as well as the konkan mauryas , are also believed by some to be owners of the main cave , in the mid @ - @ 7th century . the rashtrakutas , the main heirs to the ownership of the main cave , approximated to the late 7th to late 8th century . the elephanta main cave resembles in many ways the 7th @ - @ century rashtrakuta rock @ - @ temple kailash at ellora . the sculpture of elephanta with the three faces of shiva is akin to the trimurti of shiva , vishnu and mahesh ( shiva ) , which was the royal insignia of the rashtrakutas . the nataraja and ardhanarishvara sculptures are also attributed to the rashtrakutas . later , elephanta was ruled by another chalukyan dynasty , and then the delhi sultanate , who ceded it to the portuguese in 1534 . by then , elephanta was called gharapuri , which was the portuguese settlement . the name is still used in the local marathi language . the portuguese named the island " elephanta island " in honour of a huge rock @ - @ @ black marble statue of an elephant that was then standing on a rock , a short distance south of gharapuri island . the statue now resides in the jijamata udyaan museum in goa . portuguese rule saw a decline in the hindu presence on the island and the decline of the main cave ( elephant cave ) as a major hindu place of worship , although worship on mahashivratri , the festival of shiva , continued and still does . the portuguese did considerable damage to the sanctuaries . portuguese soldiers used the reliefs of shiva in the main cave for target practice , leaving only the elephant sculpture . they also destroyed the inscription relating to the construction of the caves . while some historians solely blame the portuguese for the destruction of the caves , others also cite rock @ - @ damage and dripping water as additional damaging factors . the portuguese left in 1661 as per the peace treaty of charles ii of portugal and catherine of braganza , wife of king john iv of1 . this treaty transferred control of the island to the british crown , as part of catherine ' s dowry to england . although the main cave was restored in the 1970s , other caves , including several groups of buddhist sculptures , are still badly damaged . the caves were declared a unesco world heritage site in 1987 as per the main criteria of unesco : the caves " represent a masterpiece of human creative genius " and " bear a unique or at least enduring testimony to a cultural tradition and to a civilisation which is alive or which has lived " . = = overview = = the island has two groups of caves in the rock @ - @ cut temple style . the caves are hewn from black basalt rock . the caves were painted in the past , but only two remain . the larger group of caves , which consists of five caves on the western hill of the island , is well known for its hindu sculptures . the primary cave , known as cave 1 , is located 1 @ . @ 150 km ( 1 @ . @ 93 mi ) up the hillside , facing the sea . it is a rock @ - @ cut temple complex that covers an area of 5 @ , @ 600 m2 ( 5 @ , @ 000 sq ft ) , and consists of a main chamber , several lateral chambers , chambers , and several halls . it is 39 m ( 128 ft ) deep from the front entrance to the entrance . the main complex is the temple of shiva , covered in widely spaced carvings which depict his several deeds and acts . on the eastern side of the island , on the eastern hill , there is a small group of caves that house buddhist sculptures . this group is named after the religious stupa complex that they contain . one of the two caves is incomplete , while the other houses a stupa made of stone . = = main cave = = the main cave , also called the shiva cave , cave 1 , or the main cave , is 27 m ( 89 ft ) square in plan with a hall ( mandapa ) . at the entrance are four doors , with three open porticoes and an entrance at the back . pillars , one in each row , divide the hall into a number of smaller chambers . the roof of the hall has four beams supported by four pillars joined together by arches . the main entrance is aligned with the north – south axis , unusual for a hindu temple ( usually oriented – west ) . the northern entrance to the cave , which has 1 @ , @ 000 steep steps , is flanked by two rows of reliefs dated to the gupta period . the leftit depicts yogishvara ( the lord of war ) and the other by nataraja ( depicted as the lord of dance ) . the central shiva shrine ( see image in plan below ) is a four @ - @ standing stone structure with four walls , located in the right section of the main hall . smaller shrines are located at the east and west ends of the caves . the main hall serves as a main shrine . each wall has four carvings of shiva , each more than 5 metres ( 16 ft ) in height . the central shiva relief panel is located on the north wall and is flanked by ardhanarisvara ( a half @ - @ male , half @ - @ female representation of shiva ) to its left and gangadhara to its right , which denotes the four gods ' descent from shiva ' s golden throne . other carvings relating to the legend of shiva are also seen in the main hall in strategic locations in exclusive cubicles ; these include kalyanasundaramurti , depicting shiva ' s marriage to the goddess lakshmi , andhakasuravadamurti or andhakasuramardana , the slaying of the demon andhaka by lakshmi , shiva @ - @ sitting on mount kailash ( the abode of shiva ) , and ravananugraha , depicting the demon @ - @ and ravana shaking kailash . the main hall has chalukyan architectural features such as stone statues of the gods , sculptures , and stone pillars with carved capitals with gupta architectural characteristics , including the depiction of mountains and male and female figures . layout : = = = shiva @ - @ sitting on kailash and ravana shaking kailash = = = the carving on the south wall to the east of the entrance depicts shiva and parvati sitting on their knees on kailash . the four @ - @ armed shiva is depicted with a sword and sacred disc behind him ( all red ) , the sacred disc on his chest , and a dressing gown pulled up to the knee . lakshmi , dressed in her finery with her hair parted to the front , walks away . behind her at the right is a woman attendant carrying the child , along with her son kartikeya , the war @ - @ hero . many male and female figures are depicted behind the main deity . shiva ' s attendant , the demon @ - @ or bhringi , is seated at his feet . other carvings , though distinct , include , among others , a woman@ - @ head tall demons , demons , a human figure , a lion , a bull ( the mount of shiva ) , features of a lion , and two elephants . the black backdrop of the scene is contrasted with the green forest amidst human figures wishing blessings on goddess @ - @ parvati . this scene is depicted as a gambling scene , where shiva is angry and shiva engages in a game of dice . the carved figure facing this one is a ten @ - @ headed depiction of ravana lifting kailash . the next scene is mount kailash , where shiva and attendants are seated . the eight @ - @ head , three @ - @ headed shiva wears headgear with a crescent and disc on it . three of his arms are visible , two of them resting on attendants ' heads . the parvati figure , seated facing shiva , appears only as a trunk . the figure is flanked by two elephants . aspects of shiva are also depicted in the relief , mostly in a damaged state . bhringi is seated near shiva ' s feet and to his left is the elephant @ - @ , mount of shiva , ganesha . in this ensemble , the ten @ - @ head demon @ - @ looking ravana is seen , with only his head left behind , and out of his twenty feet , only a few are discernible . around ravana are several figures . numerous animals are depicted above shiva : the god vishnu , riding his mount garuda , to his right ; a skeleton @ - @ horse ; and in a third , shiva ' s mount , a bull is seen . a legend relates to both these panels . once , shiva was sitting with shiva . at this time , ravana , who was passing by mount kailash , found it as an obstruction to his movement . upset , ravana shook shiva , and as a result , parvati got scared and hugged shiva . angered by ravana ' s arrogance , shiva looked down on ravana , who sang praises of shiva to relieve him of his anger and turned into an ardent devotee of shiva . another legend states that shiva was pleased with ravana for seeing parvati ' s happiness and blessed him . = = = trimurti , gangadhara and ardhanarishvara = = = described as a " masterpiece of gupta @ - @ chalukyan art " , the most important relief in the caves of the buddha , carved in relief at the entrance of the cave facing the sea , isthe third @ - @ = axis . it is also known as trimurti sadashiva and maheshmurti . the image , 6 m ( 20 ft ) in height , depicts the three @ - @ headed shiva , representing panchamukha shiva . the three faces are said to represent three different aspects of shiva : creation , destruction , and destruction . the right half @ - @ face ( west face ) shows him as a young man with open lips , embodying life and sexual vitality . in his hand he holds an object resembling a rosebud , depicting the promise of life and creativity . this face is closest to that of vishnu , the creator of uma or vamadeva , the right hand of shiva and god of joy and happiness . the left half @ - @ face ( east face ) is that of a moustached young man , displaying anger . this is known as the destructive aghora or bhairava , the god whose wrath will consume the entire world in flames , leaving only ashes behind . this is also known as the @ - @ shiva , the destroyer . the central face , serene and serene , resembles the preserver himself . this is tatpurusha , " protector of positive and negative aspects of existence and preserver of their harmony " or such as the yogi yogeshwar in deep meditation , for the preservation of harmony . the two sadyojata and ishana ( hand carved ) faces are said to be on the sides and top of the sculpture . the central face , with the lion of india in the centre , has been adopted as the logo of the maharashtra tourism department ( mtdc ) . the gangadhara temple to the right of the entrance is an arrangement of sculptures arranged around the central figure of shiva and parvati , the latter bearing the river ganges as she descends from heaven . the carving is 4 m ( 13 ft ) wide and 5 @ . @ 207 cm ( 20 @ . @ 08 ft ) high . the image is highly ornate , except the left half of shiva , depicted with parvati , who is depicted with four arms , two of which are broken . from the crown , a cup with a triple @ - @ head ##less figure ( with four arms ) , representing the three major rivers ganga , yamuna , and ganga , is depicted . shiva is sculpted and bedecked with jewels . the hands hold a golden serpent whose hood is seen on hisleft shoulder . another side ( partly folded ) gives the semblance of shiva and parvati , with a head of matted hair . there is a small snake on the right hand and a tortoise tied to the front , with a snake tied to the back . an ornamented drapery covers his lower body , to the waist . lakshmi is carved to the right of shiva with a coiffured white dress , fully adorned with leaves and flowers , also fully draped , with her right hand on the head of a female attendant who holds shiva ' s head tightly . the deities shiva and vishnu , with their mystic robes and weapons , are shown to the right of shiva ; vishnu , riding his mount shiva , is shown to the left of lakshmi . the other figures are defaced but the kneeling figure at the centre is said to be the king who ordered the altar to be carved . there are many males and attendant females at the back . the whole setting is of the forest and sea scenes , with men and women , all dressed , draped with flowers representing the deities . in the gallery to the right of the altar is the four @ - @ armed ardhanarishvara carving . this image , which is 3 @ . @ 3 m ( 10 @ . @ 8 ft ) in height , has a headdress ( double @ - @ armed ) with gold pleats draped towards the female side ( parvati ) and the right side ( vishnu ) with long hair and a crescent . the female figure has all the attributes ( pearl earrings and long hair , a gold stud in the ear , jewelled rings on the fingers ) . the central male figure has long hair , robe and sandals . one of his hands rests on nandi ’ , left horn , shiva ' s horn , which is very well preserved . the pair of hands at the back is also bejewelled ; the right hand of the male holds a sword , and the left hand of the female holds a mirror . the front left hand is broken but described as being the hand of the king . the central figure is surrounded by flowers . = = = = slaying andhaka and death of shiva = = = the engraved panel at the north end of the aisle is considered to be a relief carving , and shows bhairava , or virabhadra , the frightful son of shiva . on the carved panel the 's consort is seen standing next to him , looking down . a female figure is next to her . the female figure , which is completely ruined at the waist , is 3 @ . @ 5 metres ( 16 ft ) tall and moves as if running . his headgear has a ruff on the back , a crown and cobra on the front , and the crescent moon on the front . his facial expression is of intense concentration discerned from his furrowed brow , pursed lips , and tusks . the head and four of the six arms are missing , attributed to deliberate vandalism . the smaller broken image andhaka is seen below bhairava ' s image . it is interpreted that shiva is holding him with the front left hand , as conjectured from the spear seen hanging without a hold . also seen is the back hand held up and wearing an elephant ' s skin as a shield ; the elephant ' s head , carved body , and trunk are seen hanging from the left hand . the front left hand depicts a snake coiled around it . the hand holds a cup to catch the water dripping from the broken andhaka . furthermore , pieces of a male and two female figures , figures of two ascetics , a male elephant in flight , a female figure , and two snakes are also seen around the central figure . an unusual sculpture seen above the head of the central figure of shiva is of a " very large bowl with a curved groove in the middle of it " , which is interpreted variously as : the aum or the linga or the shiva shrine . the niche image carved on the south wall is an image of women assembled around the central figure of shiva and is shown being married ( kalyanasundara ##m ) . parvati is seen seated to shiva ' s right , the ordained place for a hindu bride at the time . the carvings are badly damaged ; only one of shiva ' s four hands is fully seen and the other hand is missing . shiva has a crown with a golden disc attached to it . his robes are well @ - @ draped , and well @ - @ torn at the waist . the sacred thread is seen on his chest . lakshmi is carved as a female figure with a white dress , is adorned with jewellery and is draped down to display depressions below the waist ##line . she is seen with a serious face and is flanked by her husband who has his right hand on her shoulder . even though both her hands are missing , it is clear thather left hand clasped shiva ' s right hand as a mark of holy love . brahma is seen as the officiating priest for the marriage . vishnu is witness to the marriage . mena , the consort of parvati , is seen standing next to him . the moon @ - @ god chandra , seen with a wig and a crescent , is standing beside vishnu filling a circular pot with nectar for the marriage ceremony . just below the main altar , a galaxy of deities , including saints , apsaras ( nymphs ) , vidyadharas , yakshis , gandharvas , bhringi , and other male and female attendants are seen as witness to the marriage ceremony throwing gifts on the divine couple . = = = yogishvara and nataraja = = = the figure to the east of the west portico is shiva in a seated position with yogisvara , mahayogi , dharmaraja and lakulish . resembling the buddha , he is in a healthy condition with only two broken arms . he is seated in padmasana yogic posture ( cross legged ) on a lotus flanked by two attendants . his body is depicted with details adorned by a crescent , a round frill at the back , and long curls dropping to either side of the shoulders . his face is calm with mediation , his eyes half @ - @ open . this is shiva in meditation sitting amidst the himalayan mountains after the death of his first wife sati , who was later reborn as vishnu . he is flanked by divinities in the sky and attendants below . also present is a lotus with two eyes half closed and one opening , as well as a sunflower flower . these are flanked by two elephants . other figures discerned from a study of the broken images are : vishnu riding garuda on a plantain stalk ; the moon @ - @ god chandra riding a white white horse ( # ##less ) ; a man with a bow ; two female figures in the sky reaching down to their knees ; a female figure of the moon with a lotus bowl ; three female figures of a woman flanked by two elephants ; the skeleton of a lion ; brahma ( without an arm ) riding a horse ; and vishnu without his head ( also missing ) . the relief relief in the west portico of yogishvara depicts shiva and nataraja performing the tandava ( cosmic dance ) . the niche is 4 metres ( 13 ft ) wide and deep @ . @ 4[UNK] ( 17 ft ) high and set up on the wall . he wears well @ - @ decorated clothing . the central image displays a seated pose and had ten arms , but the first right and third left hands are missing . the missing first right arm is held across the chest and touches the left side , the second right hand that is seen damaged with an ill @ - @ throwing knife is broken at the elbow . the third hand is damaged at the elbow , and the club is also broken but appears to have been a khatvanga ( skull @ - @ club ) . the left arms , while intact , are damaged at the wrists . the third hand is bent ( partly broken ) towards the standing on the side and the fourth hand is raised up . the left leg ( broken ) is raised up , and the left leg is not broken at all , the twisted legs are well @ - @ preserved and a belt round the waist is tied with a rope . a standing statue of shiva stands to the left of him , which is also only partly broken but well bejewelled . an airborne winged serpent is shown behind parvati . other figures depicted in the shrine are : vishnu riding a garuda ; shiva riding his elephant ; the ten @ - @ headed serpent ; kartikeya ; bhrngi ; sages and others . = = = main cave shrine = = = the central shrine is a high @ - @ standing rectangular cell , with doors on each of its sides . each door is flanked by two dvarapalas ( door ##keepers ) . the linga , the symbol of shiva in union with the yoni , and the symbol of parvati , represents the supreme being that is deified by the goddess . the linga is set on a raised platform above the floor of the cell by 1 @ . @ 1 m ( 5 ft 3 in ) . the steps descend to this level from the platform above . the height of the two dvarapalas varies from 1 @ . @ 521 – 4 @ . @ 623 m ( 4 @ . @ [UNK] – ##0 @ . @ 17 ft ) . all are in a good condition except those at the southern gate to the shrine . the southern gate statue has many unusual features – unusual features ; a large skull above the forehead ; lips parted with small teeth ; statues adorned with a large pearl necklace , earrings , plain gold armlets and long hair ; a large right shoulder; a robe held at navel level ; the robe is held at the right side by the left hand , and the legs are crossed . = = = east wing = = = several entrances to the east and west of the main cave are blocked , but there is a 17 m ( 56 ft ) - wide courtyard that is accessed by entering the eastern part and climbing the steps . a fresco on the southern wall of the court depicts a well @ - @ in fresco . the circular pedestal seen in the courtyard in front of the lord ' s shrine near the west wall , in the open area , is believed to be the pedestal of nandi , shiva ' s mount . on each side of the steps leading to the temple @ - @ cave , is a single lion , or leogriff , each armed with a pointed head . the portico has doors at each end and a linga @ - @ shrine in the centre . two low steps and a threshold lead into the main linga @ - @ shrine which is 4 @ . @ 2 m ( 7 ft ) wide and 5 m ( 16 ft ) deep and has a circumambulatory path ( pradakshina @ - @ path ) through it . at the front of the temple , near the east end , is a gigantic statue of a four @ - @ armed doorkeeper with two attendant demons . at the north end is a standing demon with a staff . his right hand rests on a smaller demon @ - @ figure . the west wall depicts the ashta @ - @ matrikas ( the mother goddesses ) , flanked by vishnu and ganesha , the consort of shiva . some of matrikas are depicted with demons , but all of them are depicted with their own animals ( lion , swan , elephant , and garuda , etc . ) which accompany them . at the east end of the temple is a chapel with a ruined interior and sunken floor . water drips from this chapel . = = = west wing = = = the west wing , accessed from the main cave , is in a semi @ - @ dilapidated condition . it has a small courtyard and a chamber enclosed within the main cave , which is believed to be unfinished . the shrine to the west of the entrance , with a courtyard , has carvings of shiva in a seated pose seated on a lotus surrounded by “ " fat , heavy , wigged " ” . this shrine also depicts a three @ - @ armed demon bramha and two deities5 . entering through the northern wall of the temple is a cave enshrined with a large shiva linga rising over roughly 20 salunkhs . at the door entrance on the flanks , figures of gatekeepers standing over shiva and two fat , winged figures are seen . on the southern side of the entrance is an ensemble of a number of sculptures . prominent among these is the shiva image , which is vishnu with six arms and the third crescent on the forehead . though in a badly damaged state , the carving shows vishnu with an eagle head fixed with a chain , vishnu holding a cobra in the right hand , a sword in another hand , and discerned to be in a fighting pose . next to this carving are a figure under a lotus tree and a shiva image ( yogishvara ) seated on a lotus . also seen in the cave are a male figure on a horse with a bell attached to its neck , a female figure and an elephant to left of it , a female figure with a crescent on her forehead with neatly arranged headdress , indra riding an elephant , vishnu with six arms , holding a discus in one of his left hands and riding a garuda flanked by a smaller winged figure , and a male figure with crescent in his forehead . = = other great caves = = to the south @ - @ east of the great cave is the second excavation , which faces north @ - @ east . it has a chapel at the southern end . the front of this cave is completely destroyed ; only fragments of some door @ - @ pillars remain . the interior has suffered water damage . the portico is 26 m ( 85 ft ) long and 11 m ( 36 ft ) deep . the portico is supported by eight door @ - @ - columns and two demi @ - @ columns and is octagonal in shape . at the back of the temple are three chambers ; the central chamber has an altar and a water tank ( pranalika ) , though the linga is lost . the shrine also has some fragments of sculpture ( a boy , a fat figure , alligators on the frieze , and broken winged figures at the base of a doorjamb ) . the door @ - @ pillars of the temple are also missing fragments . a cave to the south of the great cave is another cave in worse condition , with water damage . it is a portico in which each chamber originally had a chapel or room with cells in front . some of them have cells at the back . the central door atthe door of the cave leads to a small shrine . the entrance door has door @ - @ keepers at each end , carvings on dwarfs with flying figures over the head , with door @ - @ keepers and demons on the walls and pillars . the shrine is a rectangular room 6 m ( 20 ft ) long by 5 @ . @ 7 m ( 23 ft ) wide with a low ceiling , and a linga . south of this room is a cavern that may be interpreted as a cave . above these statues is a tiger sculpture , which was worshipped as the hindu goddess vaghesheri . this sculpture may be the guardian of the north spur of cave 1 . a linga was also found near a small pond on top of the hill . carvings depicting a man with a sun and a moon and a woman suckling a baby ( now lost ) were also found here . across the top of the ravine from cave 1 is a hall known as sitabai ' s temple ( [UNK] ) . the portico has four pillars and two pilasters . the hall has three rooms at the back , the central being a shrine and the rest for visitors ( these are guest rooms ) . the door of the central shrine has pilasters and a frieze , with the others having flying figures at the top . the shrine has an entrance , a water tank , and hole in the centre , in which a statue of parvati may have been placed . a 17th @ - @ century record states that " this cave [ has ] a beautiful entrance with a porch of white wrought iron " and two statues , one of goddess vetal candi and a head being in a large square seat . passing along the slope of the eastern hill to the west of sitabai ' s cave is a small cave excavation with a portico , which was intended to contain prison cells , but was removed after the discovery of a flaw in the construction . towards the top of this is a small pond , with large artificial boulders and buddhist cisterns along its banks . at the top of the north spur of the main hill is a mound that resembles a buddhist stupa . = = = = = the threats to elephanta caves have been identified as the following : developmental problems ( mainly due to its location within the natural environment ) , population growth due to increase of number of the people residing on the island , the growth of the tourist facilities close to the island , no adequate preparedness system to withstand natural calamities such as earthquake , cyclones and shark attacks , unsus##tainable tourism and tourist facilities on the island , and the management of the heritage monument . conservation of elephanta island as a whole with its monuments has been ensured both by legislation and by the preservation of the caves and its monuments . the major legislations concerned are : the national monuments and archaeological sites and monuments act of 1958 and rules ( 1959 ) ; the elephanta island ( heritage monument ) rules of 1957 , which prohibits mining , mining , excavation , excavation and other operations in the caves ; the antiquities and monuments conservation act passed in 1972 with its rules promulgated in 1973 ; a notification issued in 1985 declaring the whole island and a 1 @ - @ kilometre ( 1 @ . @ . mi ) stretch from the caves as " a prohibited area " ; a number of maharashtra state and environmental acts protecting the monuments ; the 1966 regional and town planning regulations ; and the 1995 national regulations for greater protection . the archaeological survey of india ( asi ) , aurangabad circle , on the basis of the above legislation and survey , maintain and protect the caves . the physical measures taken for conservation cover include stabilisation of the rock formations , addition of supports to the cave structures where they have collapsed , and consolidation of the walls and construction of a parapet wall around the caves . in addition , visitor facilities in the caves have been improved ( such as toilet facilities , toilet construction , pathways , and a flight of steps from the beach to the caves ) . an on @ - @ site museum has been established and a management plan has been put in place . overall , preservation of the caves is considered to be essential . the site attracts approximately 100 @ , @ 000 visitors per month . modern toilet facilities are also available at the venue of the monuments . during the world heritage day on 16 november and world heritage week on 19 and 25 november there are many events organised in the caves . another popular event organised is an annual traditional music festival that attracts many visitors . in declaring the caves a world heritage site , unesco provided $ 100 @ , @ 000 to document the site ' s history and draw up a management plan . a part of the grant is used for management of the site . based on assessments by unesco , the plans include : improved communication and cooperation between the asi , on @ - @ site staff , and other responsible government agencies ; improved visitor awareness and education programs ; monitoring the impact of visitors on the cave and the environment ; paying attention to the maintenance of the caves to address water leakages into the caves ; and improving monitoring of both structuraland other conservation measures . the indian national trust for art and cultural heritage ( intach ) is also involved with the archaeological survey of india in monitoring the environmental conditions at the cave sites . a book has been published jointly by unesco , intach and the government of india which presents a detailed action plan for restoration and a brief history of each structure constructed in the caves .