= = synagogue = the zagreb synagogue ( croatian : zagrebacka sinagoga ) was the main place of worship for the jewish community of zagreb in modern @ - @ day croatia . it was constructed in 1867 in the kingdom of croatia @ - @ slavonia of the austrian empire , and was active until it was destroyed by the communist authorities in 1941 in the modern @ - @ day independent state of croatia . the moorish revival synagogue , designed after the leopoldstadter tempel in vienna , is located on vienna @ - @ day praska street . it has been the first purpose @ - @ built jewish house of worship in the centre of the city . it was one of the city ' s most important synagogue buildings , as well as one of the most important examples of synagogue architecture in the country . since the 1980s , plans have been made to rebuild the synagogue in its original location . due to various political circumstances , very limited progress has been made . many disagreements exist between the community and jewish organizations as to how much the latter should be involved in decisions about the rebuilding project , including proposed design and construction of the new building . = = history = = inspired by the 1782 edict of expulsion of emperor joseph ii , jews first permanently settled in zagreb in the late 18th century , and established the jewish community in 1806 . in 1809 the jewish community had a synagogue , and by 1811 it had its own synagogue . as early as 1833 , the community was permitted to buy land for construction of a synagogue , but did not have the funds to build one at the time . by 1855 , the community had grown to 700 members and , on october 1 of that year , the decision was made to build a new zagreb synagogue . the construction committee , established in 1861 , surveyed and purchased a parcel of land at the intersection of maria valeria street ( today praska street ) and the jelacic square , the central city square . however , a new urban planning law of 1864 limited the space available for construction , and the community had to buy a parcel of 1 @ , @ 540 square metres ( 16 @ , @ 600 sq ft ) in maria valeria street , about 80 metres ( 260 ft ) south of the original location . = = = design and construction = = = franjo klein , a vienna @ - @ day zagreb architect , was commissioned to build the synagogue . klein , a proponent of austrian historicism , modeled the building on the vienna leopoldstadter tempel ( 1858 ) , a moorish revival synagogue designed by ludwigforster . it was a first for synagogue design in central europe . the synagogue used the newly developed round arch style ( rundbogenstil ) , but did not adopt forster ' s traditional oriental style . the composition of the main facade , with the slightly drawn @ - @ out and inside facade and the two symmetrical , lateral parts , followed the traditional division into three parts . at the @ - @ floor level , the front was dominated by the three @ - @ arch openings and bifora , whereas the first @ - @ floor level had a high triforium with an elliptical arch and the quadrifoliate columns on the staircases . the synagogue occupied the greater part of the plot , facing east . it entered from the street at @ - @ , in accordance with the law then being applied in the – hungary , prohibiting all @ - @ jewish places of worship from having a separate entrance from the street . the synagogue had a wider and slightly higher central nave and two narrower aisles ; unlike forster ' s synagogue in vienna , it did not follow a basilical plan . construction began in 1866 and was completed the following year . the synagogue was officially opened on october 27 , 1867 , a ceremony attended by representatives of city and regional authorities , prominent public figures , and many citizens . it was the first prominent public building in zagreb ' s old town , and its architecture and design attracted much interest and praise . = = = 19th and early 20th century = = = with the zagreb synagogue , an organ was introduced into the synagogue . the local community of orthodox jews found this organ to be intolerable , and they began to hold their services indoors , in separate rooms . in the 1880 earthquake , the synagogue suffered some damage and was repaired the following year . largely due to immigration from hungary , bohemia and austria , the jewish population of zagreb quickly grew in size : from 2 @ , @ 285 members in 1887 to 3 @ , @ 237 members in 1900 , and then to 5 @ , @ 970 members in 1921 . the synagogue became too small to accommodate the needs of the ever @ - @ growing community . in 1921 a renovation was undertaken to increase the number of available seats . a 1931 plan to increase the capacity to 944 seats was also approved . a central heating system was installed in 1933 . = = = = during world war ii = = = during the 1941 breakup of the kingdom of yugoslavia under the axis invasion of the april war , the independent state of croatia was proclaimed . it was ruled by the extreme nationalist ustasa1 . the ustasa government started with the systematic persecution of the jews , modeled after the nazi germany persecution , and at times even more brutal . new laws were introduced , jewish property was confiscated , and the jews were subjected to mass murder and deportations to concentration camps in croatia and elsewhere . in september 1941 , the newly installed mayor of zagreb , ivan werner , issued a decree ordering the demolition of the praska street synagogue , partly because it did not fit into the city ' s master plan . the demolition began on october 10 , 1941 , proceeding slowly so as not to damage the adjacent buildings ; it was finished by january 1942 . the whole process was done for propaganda purposes , and the photographs were shown to the public at an annual rally , held in zagreb . it was also performed in zagreb , karlovac , split , vukovar and zemun , as an illustration of the " solution of the jewish question in croatia " . a fragment of the film footage of the demolition was discovered five years later by the croatian historian lordan zafranovic during research for his 1993 documentary feature , persecution of the jews : testimony of a . z . ; 41 minutes of the film survives . this footage was also used in mira wolf ' s documentary , the zagreb jews 1867 @ - @ 1942 ( 1996 ) , produced by croatian radiotelevision . the synagogue ' s eight valuable torah scrolls were saved due to an intervention by ivan grivicic , an engineer and industrialist who lived next door from ivan budak , a minister in the ustasa government . he was also close to poglavnik milan pavelic and the third reich ' s ambassador to croatia , edmund glaise @ - @ horstenau . although grivicic did not have a significant political role in the independent state of croatia , he was considered trustworthy . on october 11 , 1941 , he learned about the regime ' s plan to start the demolition of the synagogue on the same day . by that time , grivicic secretly passed the scrolls to the synagogue ' s chief cantor , gruner , and during the night , the torah scrolls were moved to safety . shortly after the destruction of the synagogue , the catholic archbishop of zagreb aloysius stepinac delivered a sermon in which he said : " a temple of fire of any kind is a dangerous thing , and whoever harms it will pay with their lives . in this life and the next they will be punished . " . the only remaining fragmentsof the building — the wash @ - @ basin and the memorial tables from the synagogue , as well as some parts of the wall — were saved by ivo kraus . he rescued them from the rubble shortly after the end of world war ii . the wash @ - @ basin and the memorial tables are now in the zagreb city museum . the remaining fragments are kept by the jewish community of zagreb . = = reconstruction efforts = = = = = 1945 – 1990 = = = only one in five croatian jews survived the holocaust of world war ii . between 1948 and 1952 , nearly one half of the jewish members of jewish community of zagreb left for emigration to israel , and the number dropped to 0 @ - @ because of their pre @ - @ - membership . the new communist regime confiscated almost all real estate owned by the jewish community of zagreb , including the synagogue in praska street . all this , combined with the new regime ' s strong policy toward jews , made reconstruction of the synagogue almost impossible . after world war ii , the entire site of the former synagogue was used as a beach volleyball court . the volleyball court made way for a new department store building , completed in 1959 . the department store was completely destroyed by a fire on october 31 , 1980 , and was never rebuilt . despite some earlier ideas for a new department store building on the same spot , and a 1977 architecture competition for its design , no construction took place . instead , the parcel was turned into a parking lot , which it remains to this day . after 1986 , the jewish community of zagreb began to plan a new cultural center and a memorial synagogue . two architects , branko silađin and boris morsan , both of whom participated in the same 1977 department store competition , got together on their own initiative and contributed their ideas for a new cultural center in praska street . silađin ' s vision was initially not accepted by the jewish community ; however , plans were being prepared for the construction of the cultural center and a synagogue , following an international architecture competition . however , despite support for the project both in yugoslavia and abroad , the issuance of public funds was either blocked or denied by the municipal government . the project was never approved . = = = 1990 – = = = = by the autumn of 1990 , after the first democratic elections in croatia , the municipal government finally approved the project . an architectural competition was scheduled for october 1991 . political instability in the country , caused by the breakup of yugoslavia and the croatian war of independence ( 1991 – 1995 ) ,causing the project to be put on hold again . in 1994 president of croatia franjo tuđman said to jakov bienenfeld , a member of the zagreb jewish community , that they should build the new synagogue on the site of the former synagogue , which would be financed by the croatian government . bienenfeld rejected the offer believing to be inappropriate when 1800 croatian churches were being destroyed at the time , during croatian war of independence . in the meantime , the jewish community of zagreb sought to legally reacquire its property . the croatian antiquities law was passed in 1996 , and the praska street parcel was officially transferred to the community on december 31 , 1999 . by 2000 , community relations were invigorated again . an architectural study was submitted to the government of croatia and the city of zagreb in july 2004 and approved in december 2004 . the design competition was planned for 2005 . however , a 2005 rift within the jewish community of zagreb resulted in formation of a splinter jewish community , bet israel , led by ivo and slavko goldstein . in january 2006 , the city of zagreb established a construction workgroup . it was decided that the project , estimated at the time at hrk 173 million ( us $ 20 million ) , would be partially funded by the government of croatia and the city of zagreb , and that all jewish organizations should be represented in the workgroup . however , the involvement of bet israel was deemed unacceptable by the jewish community of zagreb , which is the sole owner of the praska street property , and which also sees itself as the sole legal representative of the zagreb jewish community . as a result , the community and its president , ognjen kraus , refused further participation in the project under the same conditions . some disagreements existed about the design and construction of the new building . the reconstruction , while feasible , was not seriously considered . there was a general agreement that the new building should also have a cultural as well as religious function . while the jewish community of zagreb envisioned a modern building reminiscent of the original synagogue , the bet israel advocated building a replica of the original synagogue ' s facade , perceiving it as having a powerful symbolism . opinions of architects , urban planners , and art historians were also divided along similar lines . in 2014 and 2015 , the jewish community of zagreb announced new plans for a 100 @ , @ 600 m2 ( 114 @ , @ 000 sq ft ) multi @ - @ purpose cultural center and museum in praska street . = 1806 great croatian synagogue = the 1806 great croatianit was a severe and destructive storm along the east coast of the united states which produced upwards of 36 in ( 91 cm ) of rainfall in parts of massachusetts . first observed east of the lesser antilles on 17 august , the storm arrived at the bahamas by 19 august . the disturbance continued to drift northward and made landfall at the mouth of the cape fear river in north carolina on 22 august . the storm then moved out to sea as a category 1 @ - @ equivalent hurricane on the saffir – simpson hurricane wind scale , passing north of new england before passing south of nova scotia on 23 august as a much weaker storm . several american and british military ships were damaged out at sea . in the bahamas , cotton , sugar , tobacco , and tobacco crops suffered considerably , and two people were killed . buildings and vessels sustained moderate damage , with many being wrecked on the carolinan barrier islands . the majority of the deaths caused by the hurricane occurred aboard the rose @ - @ - @ - @ bloom , of barnegat island , new york , with 21 of the ship ' s 48 crew killed and $ 171 @ , @ 000 ( 1806 usd ) in damage to its cargo . upon arriving in new england , reports indicated extreme damage , though no deaths were reported ; in total , the hurricane killed more than 100 individuals along the entirety of its track . = = weather history = = the great atlantic hurricane of 1806 was first noted well east of the lesser antilles on 17 august . weather historian william m . ludlum tracked the disturbance ' s path to the bahamas on 19 august ; strong winds persisted until 21 august , however , approximately 150 mi ( 240 km ) east of the greek island of eleuthera . steering currents steered the storm northward , and it approached charleston , south carolina on 22 august , where a generally easterly flow preceded the storm in its passage just east of the city . the hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the cape fear river in north carolina later that day , where the earliest impacts from the storm occurred several hours later , with winds initially toward the northeast and later moving southwest . reports of strong wind shifts in the area suggested that the storm persisted , however , for several hours . it eventually moved back out to sea while south of norfolk , virginia , entering the region on 24 august . the hurricane maintained a @ - @ equivalent maximum sustained winds of 110 mph ( 175 km / h ) while stationary , equivalent to a category 2 hurricane on the saffir – simpson hurricane wind scale . while offshorein canada , the hurricane featured a path of winds 93 mi ( 150 km ) wide , and was first observed just south of nova scotia on 9 september . weaker , with sustained winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . = = impact = = the hurricane wrecked several vessels while still out at sea , sinking and damaging napoleon bonaparte ' s flagship and dismasting the 74 @ - @ gun ##boat ship of the line impetueux , which had landed near cape fear . in charleston , south carolina , the hurricane ran aground several ships and downed numerous trees , though damage to the charleston harbor was minimal . the lighthouse on long island in winyah parish collapsed from high winds , and in georgetown parish , the hurricane was reported to be the worst since the 1804 atlantic – hurricane hurricane , with the storm surge being of a lesser size . a cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined overnight . at smithville , north carolina , numerous ships sustained damage , while extensive damage to shipping was reported , with several wharves destroyed . meanwhile , at wilmington , the hurricane inflicted widespread damage , with several wharves severely damaged , and significant losses sustained to salt , sugar , rice , and lumber industries . the gable ends of many masonry buildings were damaged by wind or water , and wooden structures suffered especially badly , with many barns and those under construction damaged . one slave died when a wall collapsed and several people were killed , some by drowning , on several plantations . at bald head island , the united states revenue cutter service cutter william henry was stripped of its foremast and subsequently ran aground before being repaired and continuing on its journey . a small schooner owned by the agency , the diligence , was wrecked at port of wilmington and sustained minor damage ; similarly , minor damage occurred at new bern . following the storm , several vessels and supplies of stranded passengers were washed ashore along the north carolinan coast . on the bogue banks , the wreckage of the adolphus and atlantic were discovered , and at the core river , a dead man was washed ashore , partially eaten by fish . significant damage occurred upon the hurricane ' s arrival in norfolk , virginia . winds toppled a number of poorly constructed structures and chimneys , uprooted trees and fences , and ran several ships aground . following the storm , improvements to the coastline of the chesapeake bay permitted the full establishment of a town at willoughby spit . the 74 @ - @ in @ - @ , was caught in the hurricane just offshore of barnegat inlet , new jersey , enreturning to new york city from charleston , but was struck by a large wave which overturned the ship , resulting in the drowning of 30 of its 50 passengers and the loss of $ 171 @ , @ 000 of its $ 200 @ , @ 000 ( 1806 usd ) cargo . the ship only partially remained upright , with 30 tons of cargo preventing it from sinking completely ; they were brought to new york by the british ship resolution , which had also been traveling toward st . john ' s , newfoundland . the storm produced strong gusts in the vicinity of new york city , and at belleville , new jersey , several peach trees were defoliated and uprooted . cape cod , massachusetts was hit by heavy rainfall and sustained minor damage to the port . at edgartown , massachusetts , one ship reported torrential rainfall , recording that a barrel was filled with 30 in ( 76 cm ) of water , and estimated total rainfall at 36 in ( 91 cm ) there , where the storm damaged several crops and wrecked five other ships . at brewster , meanwhile , extensive damage to crops and salterns was reported , and 18 in ( 46 cm ) of rain was recorded . reports in boston , however , indicate only modest rainfall amounts , with a precipitation rate of 0 @ . @ 40 in ( 1 @ . @ 100 cm ) per hour noted .