= polish culture during world war ii = polish culture during world war ii was suppressed by the occupying forces of nazi germany and the soviet union , both of whom were hostile to poland ' s historical and cultural heritage . efforts aimed at cultural genocide resulted in the deaths of hundreds of writers and artists , and the looting and destruction of many cultural assets . the " genocide of the poles was one of many ways in which the nazi and soviet regimes had grown to hate one another " , writes the historian niall ferguson . the nazis looted and destroyed much of poland ' s cultural and historical heritage , including arresting and murdering members of the polish cultural elite . many polish universities were closed , and those that remained , had their curriculum altered significantly . however , the organizations and individuals – in creating the polish underground state – saved much of poland ' s most valuable cultural heritage , and sought to preserve as many cultural artifacts and artifacts as possible . the catholic church and wealthy individuals contributed to the survival of some artists and their works . despite severe persecution by the nazis and soviets , polish underground state activities , including publications , music , musical theatre , education , and academic research , continued throughout the war . = = = = = after 1795 poland ceased to exist as an sovereign state and throughout the 19th century remained divided by land between prussian , austrian and russian empires . not until the end of world war ii was democracy restored and the country reunited , although the drawing of partition lines remained , of necessity , a political issue . independent poland lasted for only 21 years before it was repeatedly attacked and divided among foreign powers . on 1 september 1939 , germany invaded poland , starting world war ii in europe , and on 17 september , according to the molotov @ - @ ribbentrop pact , poland was invaded by the soviet union . thereafter poland was invaded again – by these two powers – and remained under occupation for most of the war . by 1 october , germany and the soviet union had completely occupied poland , although the polish government never formally surrendered , and the polish underground state , subordinate to the polish government @ - @ in @ - @ war , was officially formed . on 8 october , nazi germany occupied the occupied areas of pre @ - @ war poland and , in the remainder of the occupied area , established the general government . the soviet union had to temporarily give up the territorial gains it made in 1939 due to the german invasion of the soviet union , but permanently in @ - @ occupied much of this territory , winning it back in mid @- @ 1944 . over the course of the war , poland lost about 20 % of its pre @ - @ war population amid the events that marked the end of the second polish republic . = = destruction of polish culture = = = = = german occupation = = = = = = = policy = = = = germany ' s policy toward the polish nation and its culture evolved during the course of the war . the german officials and military commanders were initially not given any specific instructions on the treatment of polish ethnic minorities , but this soon changed . immediately following the invasion of poland in september 1939 , the nazi german government implemented the initial version ( the " marshall plan " ) of generalplan ost . the german policy was outlined by the german office of foreign affairs in a document titled : the treatment of the population of the annexed polish state , from a racial @ - @ political standpoint . slavic people living south of the pre @ - @ war polish border were to be germanized , enslaved or eradicated , depending on whether they lived in the territories directly incorporated into the german reich or in the general government . much of the german policy toward polish culture was formulated during a meeting between the head of the general government , hans frank , and nazi minister of propaganda joseph stalin , in łodz on 31 october 1939 . goebbels declared that " the polish nation is not worthy to be called a cultured nation " . he and frank argued that opportunities for the poles to develop their culture should be severely limited : no theaters , cinemas or cabarets ; no access to radio or television ; and no education . they suggested that the poles should periodically be shown films highlighting the achievements of the german reich and should therefore be heard only by megaphone . during the following weeks , schools at middle school levels were closed , as were libraries and all other cultural institutions . the only racial @ - @ language newspaper published in occupied poland was also closed , and the arrests of polish intellectuals began . in march 1940 , polish cultural activities came under the control of the german government ' s department of people ' s education and propaganda ( abteilung fur volksaufklarung und propaganda ) , whose name was changed a year later to the " chief propaganda department " ( hauptabteilung propaganda ) . further orders issued in the spring and early summer reflected policies that had been outlined by frank and goebbels during the previous months . one of the department ' s first orders prohibited the publication of all but the most " basic " of cultural activities without thedepartment ' s for approval . spectacles of " high quality " , especially those of an erotic or pornographic nature , were however an exception — those were to be popularized to appease the public and to show the world the " true " polish culture as well as to give the impression that germany was not preventing poles from expressing themselves . german propaganda also invited poles from neutral countries to attend various " polish " events that were specifically intended to be erotic and pornographic , and presented them as typical polish cultural events . the @ - @ german participation in cultural activities , such as joint public lectures , was also encouraged . furthermore , a compulsory training scheme for writers and artists was introduced in august 1940 . finally , in 1941 , the printing of new polish @ - @ german books was prohibited ; existing titles were banned , and often confiscated and destroyed . in 1941 , german propaganda went public , calling for the total destruction of the polish people , whom the nazis described as " subhumans " ( untermenschen ) . within ten to fifteen years , the polish territories under german occupation were to be completely cleared of ethnic poles and settled by german colonists . the policy was relaxed somewhat in the final years of occupation ( 1943 – 44 ) , in view of german military expansion and the approaching eastern front . the germans hoped that a more lenient german policy would lessen unrest and strengthen the polish state . poles were allowed back into those institutions that now supported polish propaganda and culture , such as the newly created polish museum , which celebrated the composer ' s ethnic polish roots . restrictions on education , theater and music performances were eased . given that the second polish republic was a communist state , german policies and actions often sought to create and encourage conflicts between ethnic groups , fueling tensions between poles and jews , and between poles and germans . in łodz , the germans forced jews to help build a monument to a polish hero , tadeusz kosciuszko , and filmed them committing the crime . soon afterwards , the germans set fire to a local synagogue and arrested the bystanders , portraying them in press releases as a " vengeful mob . " this divisive policy was reflected in the germans ' decision to close polish schools , while at the same time , promoting more tolerance toward the ukrainian school system . as the high @ - @ german german official erich koch said , " we will do everything possible so that when a pole meets a ukrainian , he will be willing to kill the ukrainian and conversely , the ukrainian will be willing to kill the pole . " == = = = = = = = in 1939 , while the occupation zone was being established , the nazis confiscated polish state property and other private property . countless art works were looted and taken to germany , in line with a plan that had been drawn up well in advance of the invasion . the looting was supervised by members of the ss @ - @ ahnenerbe , einsatzgruppen units , who were responsible for looting , and by members of haupttreuhandstelle ost , who were responsible for the stolen objects . notable objects plundered by the nazis included the altar of veit stoss and works by raphael , michelangelo , leonardo da vinci , canaletto and bacciarelli . most of the stolen art works had been " secured " by the germans within six months of september 1939 ; by the end of 1942 , nazi officials estimated that " over 90 % " of the art previously in poland was in their possession . some art was shipped to german museums , such as the planned fuhrermuseum in berlin , while other art became the private property of polish officials . approximately 516 @ , @ 000 individual art pieces were taken , including 2 @ , @ 800 paintings by german painters ; 3 @ , @ 000 paintings by polish artists ; 1 @ , @ 400 sculptures , 2 @ , @ 000 drawings , 25 @ , @ 000 maps , and 20 @ , @ 000 books ( including the 20 @ , @ 000 printed in 1800 ) ; as well as hundreds of thousands of other items of artistic and historical value . many exotic animals were taken from the zoo . = = = = = = = = = = institutions of learning and culture — universities , schools , libraries , museums , theatres and cinemas — were either closed or designated as " nur fur deutsche " ( for germans only ) . pre @ - @ war museums and a host of other institutions were destroyed during the war . according to one estimate , by war ' s end 43 % of the infrastructure of poland ' s educational and cultural institutions and 40 % of polish art had been destroyed . according to another , only 105 of pre @ - @ war poland ' s 200 institutions survived the war , and just four of these institutions were allowed to survive . of pre @ - @ war poland ' s 603 educational institutions , over half were totally destroyed , and only a few survived the war relatively intact . many university professors , as well as teachers , students , artists , writers , journalists and other members of the polish public were arrestedand executed , or sent to concentration camps , during operations such as ab @ - @ aktion . this propaganda campaign resulted in the infamous sonderaktion krakau and the massacre of lwow jews . during world war ii poland lost 39 % to 45 % of its engineers and scientists , 40 % to 57 % of its engineers , 20 % to 25 % of its doctors , 30 % to 40 % of its scientists and university professors , and 20 % to 28 % of its clergy . the jewish intelligentsia was exterminated altogether . the reasoning behind this policy was famously stated by a nazi gauleiter : " in my district , [ any pole who ] shows signs of intelligence will be shot . " as part of their efforts to suppress polish culture , the german nazis attempted to suppress catholicism in poland , with a particular emphasis on the roman catholic church . in many parts of occupied poland , poles were prohibited , or even forbidden , from attending religious services . at the same time , church property was confiscated , restrictions were placed on using the polish language in church services , schools affiliated with the catholic church were closed , and it was forbidden to perform polish religious songs — and to read passages of the bible — in public . the worst conditions were found in the reichsgau wartheland , which the nazis treated as a target for their ab @ - @ religious policies . catholic clergy and religious leaders figured prominently among portions of the population that were targeted for extermination . to forestall the birth of a new generation of ethnic germans , german authorities decided that the education of polish children would be limited to a few years of elementary education . reichsfuhrer @ - @ ss heinrich himmler wrote , in a letter of april 1940 : " the sole purpose of this policy is to teach them simple arithmetic , well above the number 500 ; how to write one ' s name ; and the fact that it is the law to obey the germans . . . . we do not regard the knowledge of language as desirable . " hans frank told him : " the poles do not need universities or secondary schools ; the polish lands are to be converted into an agricultural desert . " the situation was particularly severe in the former polish territories of the general government , which had been annexed to the third reich . the specific conditions varied from territory to territory , but in general , there was no polish @ - @ language education at all . german ##ization constituted a total @ - @ germanization of the populace . polish teachers were dismissed , and some were invited to attend" secret " arrived with the german administration , where they were either summarily arrested or executed on the spot . some polish schoolchildren were sent to normal schools , while others were sent to rural schools where they spent most of their time as farm workers , especially on the @ - @ polish farms ; speaking polish had negative consequences . it was expected that polish children would begin to work once they completed their primary education at age 12 to 15 . in the eastern territories not included in the general government ( bezirk bialystok , reichskommissariat ostland and reichskommissariat ukraine ) many polish schools were closed , and all instruction was conducted in the @ - @ polish languages such as ukrainian , belarusian , and lithuanian . in the bezirk bialystok itself , for example , 80 % of the schools that had existed before the war were closed down during the first two years of german occupation , and by the end of the first year that number had dropped to 90 % . the situation of polish secondary education was somewhat better in the general government , though by the end of 1940 , only 20 % of polish schools were operational , and only 10 % of the polish population attended them . a german police memorandum of january 1943 described the situation as follows : pupils sit close together without necessary materials , and often without skilled teaching staff . moreover , the polish schools are closed during at least five months out of the twelve months of the school year due to lack of coal or other fuel . of twenty @ - @ thirty spacious school buildings which we had in 1939 , today the worst two buildings are used . . . every day , pupils have to study in several shifts . in these circumstances , the school day , which normally lasts two hours , is reduced to one hour . in the general government , the remaining schools were subjugated to the german educational system , and the number and quality of their teaching staff was severely scaled down . all primary and all secondary schools were closed , if not immediately after the invasion , then by mid @ - @ 1940 . by late 1940 , no new polish educational institutions more advanced than a primary school were in existence , and they offered little beyond the elementary trade and vocational training necessary for the german occupation . primary schooling was to last for two years , but the classes in the final two years of the program were to be limited to only one day per week . there was no provision for heating of the schools in poland . classes and universities were to be closed , polish teachers expelled ,and the national savings used to fund the creation of schools for children of the german minority or to build barracks for german troops . no new polish teachers were to be hired . the school curriculum was censored ; subjects such as literature , history and religion were removed . polish textbooks were confiscated and school libraries were closed . the new educational aims for poles included convincing them that their national cause was hopeless , and teaching them to be submissive and loyal to germans . this was accomplished through deliberate tactics such as police raids on schools , the seizure of personal belongings , mass arrests of students and teachers , and the use of students as forced laborers , or by transporting them to germany as slave workers . the germans were particularly interested in the destruction of jewish culture in krakow ; nearly all of the jewish synagogues there were destroyed . furthermore , the sale of polish books was prohibited throughout poland . polish jews faced a similar fate in territories annexed by germany , where the sale of polish books was prohibited . the public sale of polish books was not limited to those confiscated from germany , but also included those books that were confiscated from private collections . the last polish book titles not already banned were published in 1943 ; even polish prayer books were banned . soon after the war began , all libraries were closed ; in krakow , about 80 % of the libraries were closed down , while the remainder had their books confiscated by censors . the occupying germans destroyed many book collections , including the sejm and senate library , the przedziecki estate library , the zamoyski estate library , the polish national library , and the rapperswil collection . in 1941 , the last remaining polish public library in the state @ - @ controlled area was closed in warsaw . during the war , warsaw libraries lost about a million volumes , or 30 % of their collections . more than 90 % of these losses were the direct result of purges rather than wartime conflict . overall , it is estimated that about 10 million volumes from state @ - @ owned libraries and archives perished during the war . polish flags and other symbols were destroyed . the attacks on the polish population included the tearing down of signs in warsaw and the suppression of polish speech in public places . people who spoke polish in the streets were often insulted and even physically assaulted . the germanization of place names prevailed . many treasures of polish culture – including monuments , plaques and monuments to national heroes ( e . g . , warsaw ' s adam mickiewicz monument ) – were destroyed . in torun , all polish monuments and plaques were torn down . dozens of monumentswas destroyed in poland . the germans planned to level entire cities . = = = = censorship and censorship = = = = the nazis prohibited publication of any official polish @ - @ language dictionary , literary magazine or scientific journal . in 1940 , several german @ - @ controlled publishing houses began operating in occupied poland , publishing items such as polish @ - @ language dictionaries and antisemitic and anticommunist literature . they at first targeted books that were intended to be " serious " , including scientific and technical texts and texts that were intended to promote polish patriotism ; only fiction that was free of anti @ - @ language overtones was published . banned books included maps , maps and english - and german @ - @ language publications , including dictionaries . several non @ - @ language indexes of prohibited books were created , and over 2 @ , @ 000 polish writers were declared " dangerous to the polish state and society " . the index of banned books included such notable authors as adam mickiewicz , juliusz słowacki , stanisław wyspianski , bolesław prus , stefan zeromski , jozef ignacy kraszewski , władysław reymont , stanisław wyspianski , jan tuwim , kornel makuszynski , leopold staff , eliza orzeszkowa and maria konopnicka . the publication of such books was illegal and punishable by death . from @ - @ to @ - @ the distribution of books was banned , and bookstores — which had a license to publish — were either emptied out or closed . poles were forbidden , under penalty of death , to use radios . the press was reduced from over 2 @ , @ 000 publications to a few dozen , all controlled by the germans . all pre @ - @ war newspapers were banned , and the books that were published during the occupation were new and under the direct control of the germans . such a thorough destruction of the press was unprecedented in polish history . the only officially permitted reading matter was the propaganda material that was controlled by the german occupation administration . cinemas , then under the control of the german propaganda machine , had their programming dominated by nazi propaganda films , which were preceded by propaganda newsreels . the few polish films allowed to be shown ( about 20 % of the total programming ) were edited to eliminate references to polish national heroes as well as jewish actors and producers . several german films were shot in poland , although no polish films were made after 1943 . as all profitsfrom polish who were generally hostile toward german film production , attendance was discouraged by the general government ; a famous underground slogan declared : " tylko swinie siedza ##ch kinie " ( " only pigs watch the movies " ) . a similar situation affected theaters , which were forbidden by the germans to produce " serious " works . however , a number of such pieces were created for the underground . hence , theatrical productions were not prohibited by the underground . in addition , jews were discouraged from performing in them and warned that they would be labeled as collaborators if they failed to comply . eventually , restrictions on theatrical performances were lifted in jewish ghettos , given that the germans wished to distract ghetto residents and prevent them from meeting their eventual fate . music was the least restricted of cultural activities , partly because hans frank identified himself as a fan of classical music . in time , he ordered the creation of the opera and symphony of the general government in its capital , warsaw . only musical performances were permitted in schools and churches , and the polish underground chose to perform only the propagandist operas . some artists , including painters and sculptors , were forbidden to cooperate with the general government ; and their work was not tolerated by the underground , unless it conveyed political themes . shuttered theaters were replaced by occasional art galleries that frequently conveyed propagandist themes . the development of nazi propaganda in occupied poland can be divided into two main phases . initial efforts were directed towards promoting a positive image of pre @ - @ war poland , and later efforts were directed at fostering anti @ - @ nationalist , patriotic , and anti @ - @ german attitudes . = = = soviet occupation = = = after the soviet invasion of poland ( beginning 1 september 1939 ) that followed the german invasion that had marked the beginning of world war ii ( beginning 1 september 1939 ) , the soviet union occupied the eastern territories ( " kresy " ) of the second polish republic , comprising 201 @ , @ 015 square kilometres ( 81 @ , @ 612 sq mi ) and a population of 1 @ . @ 299 million . hitler and stalin shared the goal of destroying poland ' s political and cultural institutions , so that poland would , according to historian niall ferguson , " cease to exist not only as a nation , but also as an entity " . the soviet authorities regarded opposition to the prewar polish government as a " war against germany " and " anti @ - @ revolutionary activity " and arrested many members of the polish intelligentsia , including , civil servants andacademics , as well as other persons suspected of being a threat to soviet rule . more than a million polish citizens were sent to siberia , mostly to gulag concentration camps , for years and decades . others died , including over 1 @ , @ 000 polish jews who died in the katyn massacres . the soviets forcibly sovietized the polish economy , including compulsory collectivization . they began to seize , seize and destroy private and public @ - @ - polish property . in the process , they banned political parties and political organizations and imprisoned or executed their leaders as " enemies of the people " . in line with the anti @ - @ soviet policy , political and religious organizations were banned . on 10 february 1940 , the nkvd unleashed a campaign of terror against " left @ - @ wing " elements in occupied poland . the soviets ' targets included persons who had traveled abroad , were involved in communist correspondence , esperantists , philatelists , red cross workers , refugees , smugglers , priests and members of religious congregations , the nobility , doctors , jewish merchants , bankers , lawyers , and hotel and restaurant owners . stalin , like hitler , sought to eliminate polish society . the soviet authorities sought to destroy all trace of the polish history of the area now under their control . the name " poland " was banned . polish monuments were torn down . all institutions of the dismantled polish state , including the lwow university , were closed , then reopened , but with new russian names . soviet political ideology became dominant in polish activities . polish literature and language studies were dissolved by the soviet authorities , and the polish language was replaced with russian or russian . polish @ - @ polish books were burned down in the primary schools . polish students were not allowed in the schools , and many were arrested . classes were conducted in belorussian , lithuanian and belarusian , with the standard polish @ - @ soviet curriculum . as left @ - @ canadian historian piotr wrobel writes , quoting british historians j . r . d . foot and i . j . b . smith , majority of historians agree that " in the soviet occupation zone , conditions were only marginally less harsh than in the germans . " by september 1939 , most polish jews had fled poland ; after some months of living under soviet rule , most of them decided to return to the german part of occupied poland . all publications and activities were subjected to censorship . the soviets sought to recruit polish left @ - @ polish intellectuals who were willing to cooperate . soon after the soviet invasion , thewriters ' union of soviet poland created a local chapter in lwow ; there was a polish @ - @ language theater and radio station . polish cultural activities in kiev and moscow were also organized . these activities were strictly controlled by the soviet authorities , which saw to it that these activities portrayed the new soviet government in a negative light and ignored the former polish minority . the soviet pro @ - @ motivated support for polish @ - @ soviet cultural activities , however , consistent with the soviet policy of russification . the soviets at first tried to phase out the polish language and even ban polish from newspapers , street signs , and other aspects of life . this policy was , however , reversed two times — : before the events of october 1939 ; and later , after the german invasion of poland . in june 1940 , the city of lwow celebrated the 100th anniversary of adam mickiewicz ' s birth . eventually , however , stalin decided to let @ - @ implement the russification policy . he reversed his policy later , however , when the need arose for polish @ - @ language pro @ - @ soviet propaganda following the german invasion of the soviet union ; as a result he ordered the annexation of soviet territories in the ussr and also attempted to create a communist people ' s republic of poland . many polish writers collaborated with the soviets , creating pro @ - @ soviet propaganda . they included jerzy borejsza , tadeusz z @ - @ zelenski , kazimierz kowalski , janina broniewska , jan brzoza , teodor bujnicki , stanisław chwistek , zuzanna ginczanka , halina gorska , mieczysław jastrun , stefan jedrychowski , stanisław jerzy lec , tadeusz łopalewski , juliusz kleiner , jozef kott , jalu kurek , karol kuryluk , leopold lewin , anatol mikułko , jerzy panski , jozef beck , julian przybos , jerzy putrament , jerzy rawicz , adolf rudnicki , włodzimierz słobodnik , włodzimierz sokorski , elzbieta szemplinska , anatol stern , jozef stryjkowski , lucjan szenwald , leopold tyrmand , wanda wasilewska , stanisław wasilewski , stanisław wazyk , aleksander weintraub and brunowinawer . many polish writers , however , rejected the soviet demands and instead went underground : jadwiga czechowiczowna , jerzy hordynski , jadwiga gamska @ - @ łempicka , herminia naglerowa , beata obertynska , ostap ortwin , tadeusz peiper , teodor parnicki , juliusz petry . some writers , such as władysław broniewski , after collaborating with the soviets for a few years , joined the underground @ - @ soviet movement . also , aleksander wat , initially opposed to communism , was arrested by the soviet nkvd secret police and exiled to siberia . = = = = = = = = = = = = = polish culture persisted through its music , art , and literature . the polish underground government established a department of education and culture ( under stanisław lorentz ) which , together with a department of labor and social affairs ( under jan stanisław jankowski and , later , stefan mateja ) and a department for care of the prisoners of war ( under antoni olszewski and bronisław domosławski ) , became important institutions of polish culture . these departments made efforts to save from theft and destruction works of art from public and private collections ( most notably , the oil paintings by jan matejko that remained hidden throughout the war ) . they published reports on looted and destroyed art and provided artists and scholars with means to continue their research and their publications and to support their families . thus , they sponsored the first publication ( bibuła ) of works by winston churchill and arkady , and of 1 @ , @ 000 copies of the polish magazine @ - @ school , and encouraged artists to create resistance art ( which was then encouraged by operation storm and other activities ) . also being held were secret art exhibitions , theater performances and concerts . other important institutions of polish culture were the roman catholic church and polish aristocrats , who likewise supported artists and safeguarded their interests ( notable patrons included cardinal jan stefan sapieha and a former president , janusz radziwiłł ) . some private publishers , including stefan kamienski , zbigniew mitzner and the ossolineum publishing house , paid prices for books that would be published during the war . = = = = = = = in response to the german occupation and destruction of polish schools , resistance among students led almost immediately to the creation ofand @ - @ and underground educational activities . most notably , the secret educational organization ( tajna organizacja nauczycielska , ton ) was created as early as 1 october 1939 . these organizations were organized locally ; by 1940 they were increasingly subordinated and controlled by the ton , working closely with the government ' s general department of culture and education , which was created in october 1941 and headed by czesław wycech , head of the ton . classes were usually held under the cover of officially sanctioned activities or in private homes and other venues . in 1942 , about 1 @ , @ 500 @ , @ 000 people took part in underground primary education ; in 1944 , its underground education system covered 100 @ , @ 000 people , and higher level courses were attended by about 10 @ , @ 000 students ( for comparison , the pre @ - @ war enrollment in polish universities was about 30 @ , @ 000 for the 1938 / 1939 year ) . more than 90 @ , @ 000 secondary @ - @ 000 pupils attended the classes taught by about 20 @ , @ 000 teachers in 1943 and 1944 in the area of the general government ( centred on the cities of warsaw , krakow , radom and lublin ) . however , at that time in the general government , one of every ten children was receiving some form of education from the underground schools ; the number rose to about 90 % for children old enough to finish primary school . it is possible that in some rural areas , the educational system was actually improved ( most likely , courses were also organized in some schools by teachers escaped or deported from the country ) . compared to pre @ - @ war classes , the number of underground jewish students was notable , as they were confined by the occupying germans to barracks ; there was , however , underground jewish education in the country , often organized with support from polish organizations like ton . teachers in the underground schools were often active members of the polish resistance . in total , there were about 70 underground schools , with 2 @ , @ 000 teachers and 21 @ , @ 000 students . underground warsaw university educated 3 @ , @ 700 students , issuing 7 masters and 7 doctoral degrees . the politechnic under ##grad educated 3 @ , @ 000 students , issuing 186 engineering degrees , 18 doctoral degrees and 2 habilitations . jagiellonian university issued 468 masters and 10 doctoral degrees , employed over 200 professors and teachers , and graduated more than 3 @ , @ 000 students per year . in poland , many other universities and institutions of higher education ( of music, science , medicine , and others ) continued their classes throughout the country . even some academic research was carried out ( for example , by władysław tatarkiewicz , a prominent polish philosopher , and zenon klemensiewicz , a mathematician ) . about 1 @ , @ 000 polish teachers received funding from the german government , allowing them to continue their education . the german response to underground education varied depending on whether it took place in the general government or the annexed territories . the germans had almost certainly realized the sheer scale of the polish underground education system by about 1943 , but lacked the manpower to put an end to it , probably lacking resources to deal with the armed resistance . for the most part , closing underground schools and schools in the general government was not a high priority for the germans . in 1943 a german expert on education wrote that control of what was being taught in schools , particularly rural ones , was difficult , due to lack of manpower , transportation , and the activities of the polish resistance . some schools semi @ - @ openly taught unauthorized classes in defiance of the german authorities . hans frank wrote in 1944 that although underground teachers were a " mortal enemy " of the german states , they could not always be disposed of immediately . this was perceived as a much more important issue in the annexed territories , as it accelerated the process of germanization ; participation in the underground education in those territories was much less likely to result in a visit to a concentration camp . = = = = = = = there were about 5 @ , @ 000 underground newspapers ; among the most important were the biuletyn informacyjny of armia krajowa and rzeczpospolita of the government office for education . in addition to publication of news ( from intercepted western radio transmissions ) , there were hundreds of underground magazines devoted to politics , culture , education , and literature ( for example , sztuka i narod ) . the highest recorded publication volume was an issue of biuletyn informacyjny published in 5 @ , @ 000 copies ; average circulation of the magazine was 1 @ , @ 000 – ##5 @ , @ 000 copies . the polish underground also published leaflets and leaflets from imaginary anti @ - @ nazi underground organizations aimed at spreading disinformation and lowering morale among the population . posters were also sometimes published . other items were also published , such as patriotic leaflets or fake german propaganda posters , urging the germans to leave poland or asking poles to become war cats . the two main underground organizations were the ministry of information andpublications of armia krajowa and the secret propaganda for poland . tajne wojskowe zakłady wydawnicze ( secret military publishing house ) of jerzy rutkowski ( attached to the armia krajowa ) was probably the largest underground publisher in the world . in addition to polish publications , armia krajowa also printed false propaganda newspapers intended to boost morale of the occupying german forces ( as part of action n ) . the majority of the printing presses were located in underground areas ; until the warsaw uprising in the summer of 1944 the germans found only the underground printing presses ( whose crews were either killed or sent to concentration camps ) . the second major center for polish underground publishing was krakow . there , writers and journalists faced many dangers : for example , almost the entire editorial staff of the underground satirical newspaper na ucho was arrested , and its two editors were executed in krakow on 27 september 1944 . ( na ucho was the first official polish underground paper devoted to satire ; 20 issues were published starting in october 1943 . ) the underground press was staffed by a large number of poles ; in addition to the workers at the printing presses , hundreds of polish journalists distributed the publications . according to some sources , these couriers were among the polish workers most frequently arrested by the germans . under german occupation , the activities of polish artists and writers were largely unknown , as they had little opportunity to publish their work . the polish government ' s department of propaganda sponsored many initiatives and individuals , enabling them to promote their work and aiding in their publication . novels and plays were published by underground writers ; over 1 @ , @ 000 books were published underground during the course of the war . literary discussions were common , and notable writers of the period living in krakow included , among others , krzysztof kamil baczynski , leslaw bartelski , tadeusz borowski , tadeusz - @ - @ zelenski , maria dabrowska , tadeusz gajcy , zuzanna ginczanka , jarosław iwaszkiewicz , future nobel prize winner czesław miłosz , zofia nałkowska , jan parandowski , leopold kowalski , kazimierz wyka , and jerzy zawieyski . writers wrote about the harsh conditions of the - @ - @ of @ - @ camps . ( konstanty ildefons gałczynski , stefan flukowski , jan krucz##kowski , andrzej nowicki and jozef piechała ) , the underground , and even from among the concentration camps ( including jan gisges , halina gołczowa , zofia gorska ( romanowiczowa ) , tadeusz hołuj , kazimierz andrzej jaworski and jozef kubicki ) . many others did not survive the holocaust , among them krzysztof kamil baczynski , wacław berent , tadeusz kowalski @ - @ zelenski , tadeusz gajcy , zuzanna ginczanka , juliusz kaden @ - @ bandrowski , stefan kiedrzynski , janusz korczak , halina krahelska , tadeusz hollender , witold hulewicz , ferdynand antoni ossendowski , włodzimierz pietrzak , leon pomirowski , kazimierz przerwa @ - @ tetmajer and bruno schulz . = = = = theater and music = = = with the rise of the theater ( and the subsequent collapse of the polish radio and film industry ) , underground theaters were created , especially in warsaw and krakow , with shows staged in the underground theaters . beginning in 1940 the theaters were run by the underground theatrical organizations . several underground theaters and more than 100 theatre groups were active throughout the ghetto , even in the women ' s pawiak prison in krakow and in auschwitz ; underground music groups were also active . underground musicians , many of whom only had day jobs , included karol adwentowicz , elzbieta barszczewska , henryk borowski , wojciech brydzinski , władysław hancza , stefan jaracz , tadeusz kantor , mieczysław kotlarczyk , bohdan korzeniowski , jan kreczmar , jozef mularczyk , andrzej pronaszko , friedrich hoffmann , arnold szyfman , stanisława uminska , edmund wiercinski , maria wiercinska , karol wojtyła ( who later became pope john paul ii ) , jozef wyrzykowski , jerzy zawieyski and others . music was also popular in the warsaw ghetto and in the camps for the political prisoners . popular bands , including orchestras , also existed everywhere . many polish composers and directors( jan didur , zbigniew drzewiecki , jan ekier , barbara kostrzewska , zygmunt latoszewski , jerzy lefeld , witold lutosławski , andrzej panufnik , piotr perkowski , edmund rudnicki , maria uminska , jerzy waldorff , kazimierz wiłkomirski , maria wiłkomirska , bolesław woytowicz , mira ziminska ) and in restaurants , cafes , and private homes , with the most famous being polish songs on the radio while watching german patrols . patriotic songs were sung , such as siekiera , motyka , the most popular songs of wartime warsaw . patriotic puppet shows were staged . polish musicians ( e . g . władysław szpilman ) and artists also performed in prisons and even in concentration camps . although many of them died , others survived auschwitz , like alexandre tansman in the united states , and eddie rosner and henryk wars in the soviet union . the arts were practiced underground as well . cafes , restaurants and private homes were turned into galleries or museums ; shops were closed , with their owners , staff and customers arrested , arrested or even executed . polish underground artists included eryk lipinski , stanisław miedza @ - @ tomaszewski , stanisław ostoja @ - @ chrostowski , and konstanty maria sopocko . some artists worked undercover for the german state , stealing money and documents , and creating polish @ - @ nazi art ( satirical cartoons and paintings ) and polish patriotic art ( for example kotwica ) . these works were reprinted from underground presses , and those intended for public use were plastered to walls and painted on them as propaganda . many of these activities were coordinated under the plan of operation of armia krajowa ' s bureau of agitation and propaganda . in 1944 , giant ( 6 m , or 20 ft ) paintings , caricatures of hitler and benito mussolini , were successfully displayed in public places in warsaw . some artists recorded life and events in occupied poland ; and propaganda attacks on them using posters , photographs and propaganda films were taken . although it was impossible to establish an underground radio station , underground auditions were recorded and broadcast into underground radios or loudspeaker systems . underground postage stamps were designed and issued . since the germans also controlled all sporting activities , underground sport teams were created ; underground football matches andpoetry festivals were organized in warsaw , krakow and poznan , although these were usually dispersed by the germans . all of these activities were supported by the home army ' s department of culture . = = = warsaw uprising = = = during the warsaw uprising ( from – september 1944 ) , people in the @ - @ controlled territory sought to escape the normal day @ - @ to @ - @ night life of their free country . cultural life was popular among the soldiers and the civilian population , with theatres , cinemas , post offices , cafes and similar facilities available . the first underground tournament of poetry was held during the uprising , with prizes and weaponry ( most of the polish poets of the younger generation were also members of the resistance ) . headed by antoni bohdziewicz , the home army ' s department of culture and propaganda had created several films and over 45 @ , @ 000 m ( 120 @ , @ 425 ft ) of footage documenting the uprising . eugeniusz lokajski took some 2 @ , @ 000 photographs before he died ; sylwester meyer some 2 @ , @ 000 , of which 1 @ , @ 500 survive ; jerzy tomaszewski some 2 @ , @ 000 , of which 600 survive . = = poles in exile = = polish artists also worked abroad , outside of occupied europe . arkady gross , based in britain with the polish allied forces in the west wrote about the 303 polish fighter squadron . melchior wankowicz wrote about the polish contribution to the battle of monte carlo in italy . polish writers working abroad included jan lechon , antoni słonimski , kazimierz wierzynski and jan tuwim . there were artists who performed for the allied forces in the west as well as for the polish forces in the east . among those who performed for the polish ii corps at the warsaw parada theatre were henryk kowalski and jozef anders . the most famous song of the soldiers fighting against the occupation was the czerwone maki na monte carlo ( the red moon on monte carlo ) , written by feliks konarski and alfred schultz in 1944 . there were also polish theaters in exile in both the east and the west . several polish artists , including soldiers of the polish ii corps , continued painting after the war , including tadeusz piotr potworowski , stanisław kossowski , marian kratochwil , bolesław leitgeber and stefan knapp . = = influence on postwar= = = the nazi attempts to destroy polish culture may have affected it instead . norman foster wrote in hitler ' s children : " in 1945 , as a prize for their sacrifices , the attachment of the survivors to their own culture was stronger than ever before . " small , close @ - @ = underground classes , from primary schools to universities , were known for their high standards , due in large part to the lower ratio of students to teachers . the underground culture was , however , different from the culture of interwar poland for a number of reasons . the destruction of poland ' s jewish population , poland ' s rapid territorial changes , and forced migrations left poland without its historic ethnic identity . the polish nation was no more . the experience of world war ii left its mark on a generation of polish artists that became known as the " generation of columbuses " . the term describes an entire generation of artists , born soon after poland regained independence in 1918 , whose adolescence was marked by world war ii . in their art , they " discovered a new poland " – one profoundly affected by the end of world war ii and the ensuing creation of a communist poland . over the years , nearly three @ - @ generations of the polish people have emphasized the importance of world war ii to the polish national identity . many notable works of art created since the war have drawn on memories of the war . books by tadeusz borowski , adolf rudnicki , henryk grynberg , miron białoszewski , hanna krall and others ; films , including those by andrzej wajda ( a generation , kanał , bread and diamonds , lotna , a history of germany , korczak , katyn ) ; television series ( two tank men and a girl and eyes larger than hearts ) ; films ( powstanie warszawskie ) ; and even comic books – all of these art works have reflected those times . art historian tomasz szarota wrote in 1996 : educational and training programs place great emphasis on the world war ii era and especially the war . events and people associated with the occupation are depicted on tv , on radio and in the print media . the war is an important element of education and culture , in film , literature and the visual arts . not to mention that politicians often make use of it . probably no other event marks events related to the events of world war ii so often or so solemnly .