= tower building of the little rock arsenal = the tower building of the little rock arsenal , also known as u . s . arsenal tower , is a building located in macarthur park in downtown little rock , arkansas . built in 1840 , it was part of little rock ' s original military arsenal . since its decommissioning , the tower building has housed two museums . it was home to the arkansas museum of natural history and antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the national museum of american indian history since 2001 . it has also housed the headquarters of the little rock æsthetic club since 1894 . the building takes its name from its distinct octagonal shape . besides being the only remaining structure of the original little rock arsenal and one of the oldest buildings in central arkansas , it was also the birthplace of general douglas macarthur , who was the supreme commander of us forces in the south pacific during world war ii . it was also the resting place of the fremont expedition . in 2011 it was listed as one of the top ten buildings in the state of arkansas by arkansas . com . = = = = = the arsenal was built at the request of governor john sevier conway in response to the growing dangers of city life and that of the many native americans who were passing through the state on their way to the newly created indian territory . thirty @ - @ five acres were appropriated on the outskirts of little rock by major robert e . lee of the u . s . army . the land had been previously used as a racetrack by the local jockey club . william wormley williams , a contractor for the federal government , supervised the construction . originally $ 10 @ , @ 000 was allocated for the construction of the building , but proved insufficient . the budget was later increased to $ 15 @ , @ 000 . construction began on the tower building in 1840 , and it was the first permanent structure of the arsenal to be constructed . although originally constructed to store ammunition , the building was designed with 30 @ - @ foot @ - @ thick ( 0 @ . @ 1 m ) brick walls . the original plans called for it to be built of stone , however , masonry was used instead . the arkansas gazette referred to the building as " a fine specimen of masonry " . = = civil war = = for several years the building , which was owned by the federal government , served as a simple military armory and was staffed with only a handful of soldiers . but in august 1860 , with the american civil war on the horizon , a detachment of the 1st united states artillery , consisting of thirty @ - @ five men , wastransferred to little rock under the command of captain james totten . on january 15 , 1861 , the state legislature decided to hold a referendum to determine if a constitutional convention should be called to consider the question of secession and to elect delegates to such a convention . this was scheduled for february 18 ; however , events at the arsenal , would not wait . on january 28 , then governor henry massey rector informed captain totten that he and his soldiers would be " permitted to remain in the custody of the federal government until the state , by consent of the people , shall be determined to sever their connection with the federal government , " totten responded to this by informing the governor that his reinforcements were from the united states , and began a slow but ultimately successful dispatch of letters and telegrams asking for reinforcements , although rumors were widely spread that they were already arriving . the first telegraph line to operate between little rock and memphis had recently been completed . state attorney john m harrel was first to receive the first telegram sent from arkansas ' s capital . in his message , harrel reported widespread rumors that additional federal troops had been ordered to reinforce the little rock arsenal . the united states troops on the outposts of the western frontier of the state and in the indian territory have recently been recalled from their duty to reinforce the garrison at fort smith . the garrison at fort smith has been temporarily transferred to the united states arsenal at this city ( little rock ) . the arsenal is one of the largest depositories of military stores in the united states and is supposed to be the first destination of the tropps [ sic ] ordered from the frontier . - john m harrel telegram , january 28 , 1861 the item was intended simply as a piece of news , but telegraph ##s quickly spread the news throughout the state , creating procession sentiment . the rumor was interpreted by some citizens as a call from the governor to assemble to help remove the federal troops from the city . by february 5 , federal army units , consisting of 1 @ , @ 000 men , with the promise that the number could be increased to 5 @ , @ 000 if the governor made it necessary , had assembled in little rock . governor rector repeatedly denied ordering the troops to assemble or giving any order at all in accordance with the situation . faced with the accusation that the military had assembled because they were following his orders and the consensus of the citizens of little rock against an armed conflict between the confederate army and federal troops , governor rector was forced to take control of the situation . on february 6, he made a formal request for delivery of the arsenal to captain totten , this request is prompted by the feeling that pervades the citizens of this state that in the present time the arms and munitions of war in the state should be under the control of the federal authorities , in addition to their protection . this movement , although not encouraged by me , has assumed such an aspect that it is my duty , as the executive of this state , to interpose my official authority to prevent a collision between the people of the state and the federal troops under your command . i therefore demand in the name of the state the delivery of the possession of the arms and munitions of war in your charge to the state authorities , to be held according to the decision of the governor to be held on the morning of march next . " because abraham lincoln had not yet been elected as president , captain totten received no support from his constituents and was forced to surrender his position . he agreed to surrender the arsenal as long as the governor agreed to three provisions : the governor would retain possession of the arsenal in the name of the united states . the soldiers would be allowed safe passage in any direction without any personal and other property besides munitions of war . the soldiers would be allowed to walk away as soldiers leaving without orders , not as retreating and surrendering soldiers . on the morning of march next , 1861 , rector and totten reached an agreement leaving the arsenal in the hands of state officials . that evening , the state ##ry marched to the arsenal with governor rector at its head . all of the state troops had left at this time , except totten who had remained behind to listen to the governor ' s request and to hand the arsenal over in person . the little rock arsenal was described in 1860 as an " arsenal of war , " meaning that it was simply a warehouse for the storage of weapons intended for the use of the state militia in times of war . thus there were no substantial operations for ordnance fabrication and repairs , nor for the manufacture of cartridges at the time the arsenal fell into confederate hands . most of these operations were conducted from scratch through the efforts of the state arsenal officials . inside the little rock arsenal at the surrender in april , 1861 , the arsenal inventoried : 300 @ , @ 247 weapons , 250 @ , @ 000 musket cartridges , and 520 @ , @ 000 percussion balls , as well as the four brass cannon of totten ' s battery . 22 guns . the arsenal ' s arsenal consisted of : m1822 . 22 cal ( . ) 5 @, @ 625 m1822 . 69 cal ( percussion @ - @ issue ) 1 m1842 . 69 cal rifle ( percussion ) 357 m1855 . 69 cal rifle @ - @ muskets 900 m1817 common rifle 125 m1841 rifle ( " percussion rifle " ) 1 m1847 musketoon 2 hall ' s rifles 267 hall ' s rifles ( flintlock ) 2 @ , @ 864 total 10 @ , @ 247 of this number , about 9600 weapons were serviceable , all marked @ - @ for @ - @ issue . and there is only 1 @ , @ 364 percussion caps available . dating of the weapons found in the arsenal is somewhat sketchy , but from various records it can be surmised that the 5th , 6th , 7th , and 8th arkansas infantry regiments , organized in april , 1861 , were issued m1816 / m1822 . 69 cal rifles . the 9th and 10th arkansas , four companies of kelly ' s 9th arkansas battalion , and the 1st arkansas cavalry regiment were issued with hall ' s rifles . the units of the infantry regiments of van dorn ' s army of the mississippi , the 1st and 2nd arkansas mounted rifles were also armed with m1822 flintlocks from the little rock arsenal . by the time the 11th and 12th arkansas infantry regiments mustered out at little rock , the supply of arms had been almost completely exhausted , and only 100 " percussion " rifles were left . all of the weapons , arms , and ammunition at the little rock arsenal was shipped to east of the mississippi river by order of maj . gen . earl van dorn in april and may 1862 , and documentation for this is available at that point . by all appearances , the equipment was sent across the river to napoleon , mississippi , and from there to fort ##ville , where it was probably destroyed during the mississippi campaign in the early summer of 1863 . brigadier general thomas c . hindman , sent to command the department of arkansas in may , 1862 , found the state nearly destitute of ordnance material . hindman established an arsenal at arkadelphia , and used the little rock arsenal as a collection point and depot for armaments and the manufacture for small arms . hindman recorded : " machinery was made for manufacturing percussion rifles and small arms , and these were turned out in great quantity , but of good quality . several mines were opened and worked , and a chemical laboratory was established and was maintained with aid of the war department and of the army of cal##omel , castor oil , drops of nitre , the various tinctures of mercury , and other valuable medicines . most of these works were located in or near arkadelphia on the ouachita river , 75 miles south from little rock . the tools , tools , and the ammunition were imported , or else made by hand alone . anything of this sort had been previously attempted on any account in arkansas to my knowledge , except for the manufacture of small arms , the machinery for which was taken over by general van dorn and there was neither time nor sufficient enthusiasm among the citizens to engage in such undertakings a large supply , along with cartridges and caps , was obtained from the citizens of little rock and vicinity by purchase , purchase , and sales . this ammunition , and that which i brought with me , was specially prepared for use in the works established at the little rock arsenal for that purpose . as illustrating as the largest supply of ammunition in the state , the fact may be stated that it was found necessary to use the documents of the state library for cartridge manufacture . men were hired or conscripted , either purchased or sold , and the repair of the damaged weapons i brought with me and of an equal quality , at little rock commenced at once . but , after inspecting the work and observing the spirit of the men i decided that a force 500 strong could hold out against attack and that i would lead the men - about 1500 - to li ' l ##ville as soon as shotguns and rifles could be obtained from little rock instead of swords and lances , with which most of them were armed . two months passed before the change could be made . " the confederate ordnance establishment at little rock was reactivated in august , 1862 . looking desperately for a suitable man to command this establishment , general hindman turned to the union navy and appointed lieutenant john w . dunnington . lt . dunnington was the captain of the gunboat c . s . s . ponchartrain , which had been brought to little rock in hopes of converting her to an arsenal . dunnington was selected to head the ordnance works at little rock , and although he continued to draw his orders from the confederate war department , he was placed in charge of the entire ordnance works ( which included other functions ) there with the rank of lieutenant colonel . lt . col . dunnington ' s " returns for the month of august , 1862 , from little rock arsenal , c . s . s . , " were found in vol. 149 , volume 1 of the " captured rebel ordnance reports , " and is most specific as to the scope of the ordnance work at little rock during this particular month . according to dunnington , " when i assumed command at this time , all stores had been removed to arkadelphia . there were no persons employed . no shops were established for manufacture of arms or for other weapons . materials , tools , etc . , had to be procured as well as the employment of laborers . work occupied the better part of the month . " the ordnance staff at little rock under dunnington ' s command consisted of four officers : himself , major john b . lockman , major c . c . smith , and 2nd lt . j . w . murphy . in addition to these , he employed 20 enlisted men and a work crew consisting of a blacksmith , 2 clerks , 2 gunsmiths for making small arms , a laboratorian , 2 laborers in the ordnance laboratory , and a carpenter for making packing boxes . during the month of august , 1862 , the following work was performed : " manufactured : one pair of musket bullet cases ; 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball shot cartridges ; repaired : 750 pistols , shotguns , and rifles ; received and painted : ordnance stores and offices ; performed : guard , office , and police duties ; received : posts at camden and arkadelphia . " lt . col . dunnington continued to keep up his post at little rock until november 1862 , when major sanford c . smith ( editor of the arkansas traveler ) was placed in command of the arsenal . dunnington then returned to his military duties and the ponchartrain . a " summary of the work done for august , 1862 , little rock arsenal " shows : fabrication : 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball cartridges - percussion 14 @ , @ 000 buck & ball cartridges - flint 275 powder fuzes 117 rounds , 6 @ - @ pounder - shot 130 rounds , 6 @ - @ 000 ball shot cartridges - packing boxes repaired : 2 @ , @ 236 shotguns and rifles ( repaired mostly for troops in service ) 23 pistols ( repaired mostly for troops in service ) manufactured & repaired : 752 cases of ordnance and ordnance stores , and ammunition supplied to troops in service . received and painted : 4 cartridge cases performed : guard , office , and police duties . perhaps the most illuminating parts of the above " summary of work " and those for subsequent months are that the only ammunition made was . " buck & ball" , indicating that the . 50 caliber smoothbores and shotguns remained the predominant caliber ##s in service , and of this , nearly a third or more of all small arms production was exchanged for flintlock weapons , meaning that no less than a sixth of the confederate troops of this period were still armed with small caliber weapons . the " summaries of work done at little rock arsenal , u . s . a . " continue at about the same length and date from august 1862 until august 1863 . attached to the " report " for august , 1863 is the following statement , " during the last week in the month , nearly all stores at the arsenal have been emptied and sent to arkadelphia , in obedience to orders from chief of ordnance , district of arkansas . " this then marked the beginning of the withdrawal of military activities from little rock , with the city being surrendered to the advancing union forces of frederick steele ' s camden expedition on september 11 , 1863 . in 1864 , after little rock fell to the union army and the arsenal had been recaptured , general fredrick steele led 8 @ , @ 000 men from the arsenal beginning the camden expedition . the arsenal was then seized once more by joseph brooks , during the brooks @ - @ baxter war of 1874 . = = = = = in 1873 , the building was renamed little rock barracks and used as a residence for army officers and their families . the building was significantly altered the inside and exterior . prior to 1867 , a small basement level was the only entrance to the building , and the tower served as a place to move weapons between floors . by 1868 , front and rear porches had been added to the building , as well as interior walls and ceilings , some of which remain intact , including the central staircase . in 1880 , douglas macarthur was born on the second upper floor of this building while his father , general john macarthur , was born there . in the 1880s , the federal government began closing down large arsenals around the country in favor of larger ones located near railroads for military deployment . the army had received word from washington that the little rock site must be abandoned " no later than october 1 , 1890 . " on april 12 , 1893 the arsenal building and the surrounding land were traded to the city of little rock for 1 @ , @ 000 acres ( 4 km ² ) in north little rock under the condition that the building and grounds be " forever exclusively devoted to the uses and purposes of a public park " for 1 @ , @ 000 acres ( 4 km ² ) in bigrock , on the north bank of the arkansas river , present day north little rock . that site later became fort joseph f . smith . most of the original buildings surrounding the tower building were demolished . = = æsthetic club = = in 1894 the little rock æsthetic club , one of the largest women ' s organizations west of the mississippi river , moved into the tower building . this was done due to increased membership and the need for larger , more modern facilities . the following year , club members working with women ' s organizations across the state , raised funds to furnish the arkansas building of the columbian exposition at the chicago world ' s fair . at the fair ' s opening , items from the exhibit were displayed in the tower building , with the æsthetic club continuing to meet in the " tower room . " used for æsthetic club meetings , the tower building remained largely unoccupied for over fifty years and suffered significant disrepair . the æsthetic club provided much @ - @ needed financial assistance during the depression and even paid the electric bill during the great depression . the æsthetic club is still headquartered in the tower building . = = public use = = the tower and the surrounding park were used for many public purposes throughout the early 20th century . the tower building served as headquarters for the national confederate veterans association , may 15 – 18 , 1911 . over 106 @ , @ 000 civil war veterans , the largest military group in the history of the city up to that time , attended and were entertained in the building and camped in the park , which has also become a popular camping destination . later the building served as an armory for the arkansas national guard . in 1912 , the second floor of the tower building became little rock ' s first public library . in 1917 , little rock built a fire station in the park , that building is now gone . a band shell named for w . h . foster also was built in the tower during this time , but it no longer exists . in 1936 , works progress administration built the arsenal of fine arts , now called the arkansas arts center , just north of the tower building . the building was listed on the national register of historic places in 1970 . due to its association with the camden expedition of 1864 , the building may be included in the camden expedition sites national historic landmark listed in 1994 . in 1942 , the tower building was restored due to the efforts of the æsthetic club , little rock philanthropist george w . allsop , and the works progress administration . it became the permanent home of the arkansas state of naturalhistory and art , which had been located in little rock city hall . the museum remained in the tower building for over a @ - @ 100 years . the area surrounding the tower building had been known as city park when the museum opened and was later renamed city park . thanks to the efforts of bernie babcock , however , the city finally named it macarthur park in 1942 in honor of douglas macarthur . in 1997 , the museum of science and natural history merged with the little rock children ' s museum , which had been located in union station , to form the arkansas museum of science . the new museum was relocated to a historic building in the little rock new market district . the new museum of arkansas military history opened on october 1 , 2001 in the tower building . the new museum ' s mission is to educate and inform visitors about the military history of arkansas , in the tower building , honor servicemen and servicewomen of the united states and honor the legacy of douglas macarthur .