= = markgraf = sms markgraf was the third ship of the 30 @ - @ ship konig class . she served in the imperial german navy during world war i . the battleship was laid down in november 1911 and launched on 4 june 1913 . she was formally commissioned into the german navy on 1 august 1914 , just over two years before the outbreak of war in europe . markgraf was armed with ten 30 @ . @ - @ - @ - ( 12 @ . @ 6 in ) guns in five twin turrets and could steam at a maximum speed of 21 knots ( 39 km / h ; 24 mph ) . markgraf was named in honor of the royal house of baden . the title markgraf is a rank of german nobility and is equivalent to the english baron , or duke . along with her three sister ships , konig , grosser kurfurst , and kronprinz , markgraf took part in most of the fleet actions during the war , including the battle of jutland on 31 may and 1 june 1916 . at sea , markgraf was the last ship of the german line and was damaged by the opposing british grand fleet ; she received two 30 @ - @ caliber hits and her crew suffered 23 casualties . markgraf also participated in operation typhoon , the battle of the gulf of riga , in late 1917 . the ship was sunk by a mine while en route to germany after the successful conclusion of the operation . after germany ' s defeat in the war and the signing of the armistice in november 1918 , markgraf and most of the other ships of the high seas fleet were interned by the royal navy in scapa flow . the ships were disarmed and reduced to skeleton crews while the allied powers negotiated the final version of the treaty of versailles . on 21 june 1919 , shortly before the treaty was signed , the commander of the interned fleet , vice admiral ludwig von reuter , ordered the fleet to be scuttled to ensure that the british would not be able to capture the ships . unlike most of the scuttled ships , markgraf was not sold for scrapping ; the wreck is still sitting at the bottom of the sea . = = builder and builder = = markgraf was ordered under the contract of ersatz weissenburg and built at the ag vulcan shipyard in bremen under construction number 186 . her keel was laid in november 1911 and she was launched on 4 june 1913 . at her launching ceremony , the ship was christened by frederick ii , grandduke of baden , the head of the royal family of baden , in honour of which the ship had been named . the @ - @ conversion work was completed by 1 october 1914 , the day she was commissioned into the high seas fleet . she had cost the imperial german navy 15 million marks . markgraf displaced 25 @ , @ 796 t ( 25 @ , @ 389 long tons ) as built and 28 @ , @ 600 t ( 28 @ , @ 100 long tons ) fully loaded , with a length of 23 @ . @ 4 m ( 575 ft 2 in ) , a beam of 9 @ . @ 20 m ( 66 ft 0 in ) and a draft of 9 @ . @ 19 m ( 62 ft 6 in ) . she was powered by two bergmann steam turbines , three oil @ - @ fired and two coal @ - @ fired boilers , which produced a total of 40 @ , @ 830 shp ( 30 @ , @ 450 kw ) and yielded a maximum speed of 21 knots ( 39 km / h ; 24 mph ) . the ship had a range of 8 @ , @ 000 nautical miles ( 15 @ , @ 000 km ; 8 @ , @ 200 km ) and a cruising speed of 12 knots ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . the ship had a crew of 41 officers and 1 @ , @ 095 enlisted sailors . she was armed with twelve 8 @ . @ 8 cm ( 3 @ . @ 0 in ) sk l / 50 guns arranged in four twin gun turrets : two superfiring turrets mounted fore and aft and one turret mounted between the two ends . her secondary armament consisted of fourteen 15 cm ( 5 @ . @ 6 in ) sk l / 45 quick @ - @ firing guns , six 8 @ . @ 8 cm ( 3 @ . @ 5 in ) sk l / 45 quick @ - @ firing guns and four 50 mm ( 2 in ) submerged torpedo tubes , one in the bow and two in each beam . markgraf ' s 8 @ . @ 8 cm guns were removed and replaced with four 8 @ . @ 8 cm anti @ - @ firing guns . the ship ' s main armored belt was 350 mm ( 14 in ) thick . the deck was 30 mm ( 1 @ . @ 2 in ) thick ; the forward gun turrets and forward conning tower were protected with 300 mm ( 12 in ) thick steel plates . = = service history = = following her commissioning on 1 october 1914 , markgraf conducted sea trials , which lasteduntil 12 december . by 10 january 1915 , the ship had joined iii battle squadron of the high seas fleet with her three sister ships . on 22 january 1915 , the ship was detached from the fleet to conduct maneuver , gunnery , and torpedo training in the baltic . the ships returned to the north sea on 1 february , too late to join the i scouting group at the battle of dogger bank . in the aftermath of the loss of sms blucher at the battle of dogger bank , kaiser wilhelm ii removed admiral friedrich von ingenohl from his post as fleet commander on 2 february . admiral hugo von pohl replaced him as commander of the fleet ; von pohl carried out a number of operations with the high seas fleet throughout 1915 . the first major operation — markgraf ' s service with the fleet — was a fleet advance to terschelling on thursday – 30 march ; the german fleet failed to engage any british warships during the sortie . another uneventful operation followed on 17 – 18 april , and again two days later on 21 – ′ e . markgraf and the rest of the fleet remained in reserve until 29 may , when the fleet conducted another two @ - @ day advance into the north sea . on thursday – 12 june , markgraf and the rest of the squadron supported a minelaying operation off texel . another grand fleet operation followed on 27 – 24 june . rear admiral reinhard scheer became commander in chief of the high seas fleet on 18 january 1916 when admiral von pohl became too ill from lung cancer to continue in that role . scheer proposed a more aggressive strategy designed to force a confrontation with the british grand fleet ; this received approval from the kaiser in february . the first of scheer ' s operations was launched the following month , on 5 – 7 march , with an unopposed sweep of the hoofden . another sweep followed three days later on the 10th , with landings on 21 – 22 april . on 23 april , the battlecruisers of rear admiral franz von stuck ' s i scouting group launched a raid on the dutch coast . markgraf and the rest of the fleet sailed in close support . the battlecruiser seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the attack , and had to withdraw . the german battlecruisers bombarded the town of lowestoft unopposed , but during the retreat to yarmouth , they encountered the british ships of the harwich force . a brief gunnery duel ensued before the harwich forcebeatty . reports of british activity in the area prompted the retreat of the i scouting group . at this point , scheer , who had been informed of the sortie of the grand fleet from its base at scapa flow , also withdrew to neutral british ports . = = = battle of jutland = = = markgraf was present during the fleet maneuvers that culminated in the battle of jutland which took place between 31 may and 1 june 1916 . the german fleet again attempted to draw out and isolate a portion of the grand fleet and destroy it before the main german fleet could attack . markgraf was the third ship in the german line , after her sisters konig and grosser kurfurst and preceded by kronprinz . the four ships made up the vi division of the iii battle squadron , and they were the largest of the group . the iii battle squadron was the largest of three scouting groups ; directly ahead were the kaiser @ - @ class battleships of the vi division , iii battle squadron . the vi division was joined by the helgoland and nassau classes of the ii battle squadron ; and the rear guard were the obsolescent pre @ - @ and pre @ - @ class of the iv battle squadron . shortly after 16 : 00 the battlecruisers of i scouting group encountered the british 1st battlecruiser squadron under the command of vice admiral david beatty . the two fleets began an artillery duel that saw the destruction of lion , shortly after 16 : 00 , and queen elizabeth , less than half an hour later . at this time , the german battlecruisers were steaming south to lure the british ships toward the main body of the high seas fleet . at 16 : 30 , konig ' s guns spotted both the i scouting group and the 1st battlecruiser squadron approaching . the german battlecruisers were steaming to starboard , while the british ships were to port . at 17 : 45 , scheer ordered the kaiser @ - @ to turn to port to bring his ships closer to the british battlecruisers , and a minute later , the order to open fire was given . markgraf opened fire on the battlecruiser squadron at a range of 21 @ , @ 000 yards ( 19 @ , @ 000 m ) . markgraf and her two sisters turned their main guns on british ships attempting to launch torpedo attacks against the german ships . markgraf continued to engage them until 17 : 50 , by which time the fasterbattlecruisers managed to move out of effective torpedo range . during this time , the battleships warspite and invincible of the 5th battle squadron fired on the two british battleships . at 18 : 10 , one of the british ships scored a 15 @ - @ inch ( 38 cm ) shell hit on markgraf . shortly thereafter , the cruiser moresby fired a single torpedo at markgraf and missed from a range of about 8 @ , @ 000 yd ( 8 @ , @ 500 m ) . invincible fired a torpedo at markgraf at 19 : 05 , but the torpedo missed due to the short range . around the same time , markgraf engaged a squadron from the iii light cruiser squadron before turning her attention back to the 5th battle squadron for several minutes . during this time , two more 15 @ - @ inch shells hit markgraf , though the cause is unknown . the hit at 19 : 10 struck through a crack between two 8 @ - @ - @ - @ thick deck armor plates ; the shell exploded on impact and holed the armor . the main deck was buckled and approximately 400 t ( 390 long tons ; 440 short tons ) of water entered the ship . the other two shells failed to explode and caused negligible damage . shortly after 19 : 00 , the light cruiser wiesbaden had become disabled by a shell from the british battlecruiser defence ; rear admiral friedrich behncke von konig attempted to rally his four ships to assist the stricken ship . simultaneously , the british iii and iv light cruiser squadrons launched a surprise attack on the german ships ; after moving to torpedo range , they raked wiesbaden with fire from their main guns . the two armored cruisers of the 3rd cruiser squadron also joined in the attack . markgraf and her sisters fired repeatedly at the british cruisers , but the sustained fire from the battleships ' main guns failed to drive them off . markgraf fired both her 8 @ . @ 5 cm and 15 cm guns at the armored cruiser defence . after a burst of fire from the british ships , defence exploded and sank ; credit is normally given to the battlecruiser lutzow , but markgraf ' s sisters also claim credit for the sinking . markgraf then fired at the battlecruiser princess royal and scored two hits . the first hit , the 1 @ - @ inch armor plate " x " turret , was deflected forward , and sank after penetrating the 1 @ - @ inch deck armor . the crew forthe left gunner was killed , the first was disabled , and the third caused serious damage to the upper deck . the second shell penetrated ark royal ' s 8 @ - @ inch deck armor , ricocheted clean off the coal magazines , and passed through the 8 @ - @ inch deck armor . the three shells killed 11 and wounded 31 . at the same time , markgraf ' s main battery fired on the destroyer warrior , which was badly damaged by the heavy shells and had to retire . warrior foundered on the way back to port the next morning . at 19 : 00 , admiral john jellicoe ' s main squadron of battleships entered the area ; they began firing on markgraf at 19 : 32 ; she fired three salvos of 13 @ . @ 5 @ - @ inch , @ - @ piercing , composite ( ap ) shells and scored a hit with the first salvo . the shell exploded upon impacting the armor of the no . 6 15 cm gun casemate . the shell failed to penetrate but holed the armor and disabled the gun . the hit seriously injured anderson and killed the rest of the gun crew . a third shell also struck the ship at the same time , and at 20 : 45 , a broken propeller shaft forced markgraf ' s crew to turn off the port engine ; naval historian john anderson speculated that this one was the one that sank the ship . her speed dropped to 17 or 18 kn ( 32 or 33 km / h ; 20 or 21 mph ) , but she remained in her position in the line . shortly after 20 : 00 , the german battleships engaged the 3rd light cruiser squadron ; markgraf fired primarily 15 cm shells . during this period , markgraf was engaged by agincourt ' s 8 @ - @ inch shell , which scored a single hit at 20 : 45 . the shell failed to explode and shattered on impact on the 8 @ - @ inch side armor , causing minimal damage . some of the adjoining 14 @ - @ inch plates just below the 8 @ - @ inch armor were also blown inward and some minor damage occurred . the heavy weight of the british fleet forced scheer to order the ships to turn south . due to her slow speed , markgraf turned west in an attempt to take her place in the german line ; this , however , forced grosser kurfurst to fall out of formation . markgraf fell back behind kronprinz while grosser kurfurst steamed away to return to her position behind konig . after successfully withdrawing fromthe result , scheer ordered the ships to assume full battle formation , but communication errors between scheer aboard friedrich der grosse and westfalen , the lead ship , caused confusion . the british light cruisers and destroyers ran into the german line around 22 : 00 . in the ensuing short engagement markgraf hit the cruiser bismarck five times with her deck guns . the ships fell into formation by 23 : 30 , with grosser kurfurst the last vessel in the line of 24 capital ships . around 02 : 45 , three british destroyers launched a torpedo attack against the rear half of the german line . markgraf initially held her position as the identities of the targets were unknown . the gunners aboard the kurfurst correctly identified the vessels as destroyers and opened fire while turning away to avoid torpedoes , which forced markgraf to follow suit . heavy fire from the british ships forced the british destroyers to retreat . around 05 : 06 , markgraf and several other battleships fired at what they thought was a torpedo . the high seas fleet managed to punch through the british light forces without drawing the attention of jellicoe ' s force , and subsequently reached horns reef by 04 : 00 on 1 july . upon reaching wilhelmshaven , markgraf went into action while the other battleships took up defensive positions in the outer roadstead . the ship was transferred to hamburg where she was repaired at ag vulcan ' s hamburg dry dock . the work was completed on 1 july . during the course of the battle , markgraf had fired a total of 254 shells from her main battery and 214 shells from her 15 cm guns . she was hit by 40 - @ - @ caliber shells , which killed four men and wounded 13 . = = = = service = = = following commissioning in july 1916 , markgraf went into the baltic for trials . the ship was then temporarily assigned to the i scouting group for the autumn maneuvers on saturday – 1 july . due to the heavy damage incurred by seydlitz and derfflinger at jutland , the only battlecruisers available for the operation were von der tann and moltke , which were accompanied by markgraf , grosser kurfurst , and the light battleship bayern . the british were aware of the german approach , and sortied the grand fleet to meet them . at 14 : 35 , scheer had been warned of the british fleet ' s approach and , wishing to alert the rest of the grand fleet only 11 weeks after the decidedly close engagement at jutland , turned hisforces surrendered and retreated to danish ports . markgraf was present for the british advance in the direction of copenhagen on 18 – of october . further operations with the iii squadron followed from 21 october to 2 november . two days later , the ship formally rejoined the squadron . on the 18th , a number of u @ - @ boats wrecked off the danish coast . light forces were sent to recover the survivors , and iii squadron , which was in the north sea en route to wilhelmshaven , was ordered to cover them . during the operation , the german submarine j1 attacked both the kurfurst and kronprinz and caused moderate damage . for most of 1917 , markgraf was occupied with escort duties in the north sea , interrupted only by a refit beginning in january and periodic training exercises in the baltic . = = = operation = = = = in early september 1917 , following the german capture of the russian port of archangel , the german navy sought to destroy the russian naval forces that still controlled the gulf of riga . the admiralstab ( naval high command ) planned an operation to capture the baltic island of osel , and destroy the russian gun batteries on the sworbe islands . on 22 september , the order was issued for a joint operation with the army to capture osel and surrounding islands ; the primary naval force was to be the flagship , moltke , along with the ii and iv destroyer squadrons of the high seas fleet . the ii squadron consisted of the three konig @ - @ class ships , and was by this time equipped with the new battleship bayern . the iv squadron consisted of the five kaiser @ - @ class battleships . along with two light cruisers , two torpedo boat flotillas , and dozens of mine warfare ships , the invasion force numbered some 200 ships , supported by over 100 aircraft and six zeppelins . the landing force amounted to about 24 @ , @ 600 officers and enlisted men . with the germans were the two new pre @ - @ classes slava and tsesarevich , the light cruisers bayan , admiral makarov , and diana , several destroyers , and several torpedo boats and gunboats . three new c @ - @ class submarines where also present in the gulf . the irben strait , the main southern entrance to the gulf of riga , was heavily fortified and defended by a number of coastal artillery batteries . the garrison on osel numbered nearly 14 @ , @ 000 men , but by 1917 this had been reduced to 60 to 70 % strength . the operation began on 2216 , when moltke and the three konig @ - @ weary battleships covered the landing of allied troops while engaging the russian batteries in tagga bay . markgraf fired on the batteries located on cape ninnast . after the successful amphibious assault , iii squadron returned to putziger wiek , although markgraf remained there for several days . on the 17th , markgraf left tagga bay to rejoin her squadron in the gulf of riga , but early on the following day she ran aground at the entrance to kalkgrund . the ship was quickly freed , and she reached the iii squadron anchorage south of larina bay on the 18th . the next day , markgraf returned to moon sound , and on the 25th participated in the bombardment of allied positions on the island of kyno . the ship returned to arensburg on 29 october , and two days later was detached from operation saturn to return to the north sea . markgraf struck a number of mines in quick succession , in the irben strait and sank in 260 metric tons ( 260 long tons ; 290 short tons ) of water . the ship continued on to kiel via neufahrwasser and danzig ; she then went on to wilhelmshaven , where the mine damage was repaired . the work was completed at the imperial dockyard from 7 to 9 november . after repairs were completed , markgraf returned to guard duty in the north sea . she survived an attempted attack on a british convoy on the – 25 march 1918 , and she was in port in kiel from 15 march to 2 may for the installation of a new foremast . = = = fate = = = markgraf and her three sisters were to have taken part in a major naval action at the end of october 1918 , days before the armistice was to take effect . the bulk of the high seas fleet was to have sortied from their base at wilhelmshaven to attack the british grand fleet . scheer — by now the grand admiral ( großadmiral ) of the fleet — wanted to inflicted as much damage as possible on the british fleet in order to obtain a better bargaining position for germany , despite the expected casualties . however , many of the ##nig @ - @ weary sailors felt the operation would disrupt the peace process and prolong the war . on the morning of 30 october 1918 , the order was given to sail from wilhelmshaven the next day . starting on the night of 30 october , sailors on thuringen and later on several other ships , including mark##graf , p . the unrest ultimately forced hipper and scheer to cancel the armistice . informed of the situation , the kaiser declared , " we no longer have a navy . " following the defeat of germany in november 1918 , all of the high seas fleet ships , under the command of rear admiral ludwig von reuter , were interned at the british naval base at scapa flow . prior to the departure of the german fleet , admiral adolf von trotha made clear to von reuter that he could not allow the allies to seize the ships , under any circumstances . the fleet left with the british light cruiser furious , which led the way to the allied fleet that was to escort the fleet to scapa flow . the allied fleet consisted of around 370 british , american , and french warships . after the ships were interned , their guns were removed by the removal of their armour plates , and their crews were reduced to 200 officers and enlisted men . the ships remained in captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the treaty of versailles . von reuter believed that the british intended to seize the german ships on 21 june 1919 , which was the deadline for germany to have signed the peace treaty . unaware that the deadline had been extended to the 23rd , reuter ordered the ships to be sunk at the first opportunity . on the morning of 21 june , the german fleet left scapa flow to conduct training maneuvers , and at 11 : 20 reuter transmitted the order to his ships . markgraf sank at 11 : 45 . the british soldiers in the guard boats panicked in their attempt to prevent the germans from scuttling the ships ; they shot and killed markgraf ' s captain , walter schmidt , who escaped in a lifeboat , and one enlisted man . in all , the british killed five , and wounded twenty @ - @ one . the surviving ships , - @ 1 @ , @ 860 officers and enlisted men , were rescued . markgraf was eventually sold for scrap , like most of the other capital ships that were sunk . markgraf and her two sisters were buried in deeper water than the other capital ships , which made any salvage operations more difficult . the outbreak of world war ii in 1939 put a stop to any salvage operations , and after the war it was decided that recovering the deeper wrecks was now impossible . the rights to conduct salvage operations on the wrecks were transferred to germany in 1962 . due to the fact that the steel that formed their hulls was produced before the advent ofbesides weapons , markgraf and her sisters are among the most important sources of low @ - @ background radiation , which has occasionally been used for use in scientific research . markgraf and the other ships on the coast of scapa flow are a popular dive site , and are protected by a policy barring divers from removing artifacts from the wrecks .