= = 1994 nor ' easter = the christmas 1994 nor ' easter was an intense storm along the east coast of the united states and eastern canada . it developed from an area of low pressure in the southeast gulf of mexico near the florida keys , and tracked across the straits of florida . as it entered the warm waters of the gulf stream of the atlantic ocean , it began to rapidly organize , displaying characteristics of a tropical cyclone , including the formation of an eye . it attained a pressure of 970 mb between december 21 and 24 , and after moving northward , it moved ashore near new york city on christmas 22 . because of the uncertain nature of the system , the national hurricane center ( nhc ) did not classify it as a tropical cyclone . heavy rain from the developing storm led to coastal flooding in north carolina . much of the rest of the east coast was affected by high winds , coastal flooding , and beach erosion . new york state and new england bore the effects of the storm ; damage was reported on long island , and in connecticut , 130 @ , @ 000 households lost their power during the storm . minor flooding and power disruption also occurred in rhode island and massachusetts , where the storm produced 30 @ - @ foot ( 9 @ . @ . m ) waves along the coast . because of the warm weather pattern that contributed to the storm ' s development , precipitation was limited to minimal . two people were killed , and damage amounted to at least $ 1 million . = = meteorological year = = the storm originated in an upper @ - @ strength low pressure area that moved southeastward from the upper great lakes into the atlantic ocean of the united states . after reaching the southeast gulf of mexico , the disturbance underwent cyclogenesis , and the developing system moved over florida on december 22 in response to an approaching trough . national hurricane center forecaster jack beven noted that " as it moved out into the atlantic , it appeared to take on the characteristics of a tropical storm . " the uncertain nature of the system prevented the nhc from issuing advisories on it , and forecasters lacked sufficient information to accurately assess the storm for its tropical characteristics . the approaching trough that spawned the storm over florida then turned to the north , allowing for high pressure to develop in the upper reaches of the atmosphere . termed a " tropical storm " , the cyclone rapidly intensified as warm waters of up to 80 ° f ( 27 ° f ) from the gulf stream combined with a cold air mass over the united states . the storm continued to rapidly intensify , moving into thegulf stream ; it developed central convection , an unusual trait for an extratropical cyclone , and at one point developed an eye . despite these observations of tropical characteristics , " there was no front associated with it and it had a warm core , but the radius of the storm was less than 150 nautical miles ( 170 mi ; 280 km ) , so under the standard nhc , it didn ' t qualify as a tropical cyclone . " between december 23 and 24 , the nor ' easter intensified to attain a barometric pressure of 970 mb ( 29 inhg ) . an upper @ - @ secondary low pressure area that developed behind the storm continued to intensify and grew to be larger in size than the original disturbance . in an interaction known as the fujiwhara effect , the central portion of the secondary low swung the remnant nor ' easter northwestward towards southern new york and new england . the original low passed over the east coast of long island , and made landfall near new york city on december 24 . subsequently , it passed over southern new york state . on december 25 , the system began to gradually weaken as it moved towards nova scotia , before the pair of low pressure systems moved out to sea in tandem in the early hours of december 26 . = = effects = = = = = southeast united states = = = in south carolina , flooding associated with the cyclone was considered to be the worst since 1943 . approximately 5 inches ( 130 mm ) of rainfall was reported , while winds brought down trees and ripped roofs . in addition , the state experienced the effects of beach erosion . thousands of electricity customers in the state lost power . as a result of the heavy rainfall , several bridges became damaged by flood waters . extensive flooding of roads and highways was reported , many of which were closed as a result . up to 3 feet ( 0 @ . @ . m ) of water flooded many homes in the region . approximately 300 people in beaufort county were forced to evacuate because of the flooding , and at least 50 homes were destroyed . two deaths were reported in the state . one woman was killed when her car hydroplaned and struck a tree , and another person died after her car was hit by another vehicle . property damage in south carolina amounted to at least $ 1 million . strong winds occurred along the north carolina coast . muscle shoals reported sustained winds of 45 miles per hour ( 72 km / h ) , and offshore , winds gusted to 65 miles per hour ( 105 km / h ) . on wrightsville beach , rough surf and a 0 @ - @ foot (2 @ . @ 4 m ) ledge into the sea . on carolina beach , houses were flattened and several roads , including portions of north carolina highway 1 , were flooded . = = = = @ - @ atlantic = = = as the tropical storm entered new england , the secondary low caused minor coastal flooding in the tidewater region of virginia on december 23 . winds of 35 to 45 miles per hour ( 56 to 72 km / h ) and tides to 1 to 3 feet ( 0 @ . @ 0 to 1 @ . @ 1 m ) above normal were reported . in sandbridge , virginia beach , virginia , a beachfront house collapsed into the sea . several roads throughout the region experienced minor flooding . strong winds resulting from the tight wind gradient between the nor ' easter and an area of high pressure located over the united states knocked down a few power poles , which sparked a small fire on december 24 . the fire , quickly spread by the wind , destroyed a field . the winds brought down several trees . damage was reported in maryland . several sand dunes and wooden structures were damaged , and = @ - @ 000 tides increased . in new jersey , high winds caused power outages and knocked down trees and power lines . minor coastal flooding of bridges and roads was reported . otherwise , damage across the state was minor . the storm brought heavy rainfall and high winds to new york state and new york city on december 23 and 24 . gusts of 60 to 80 miles per hour ( 97 to 129 km / h ) downed hundreds of trees and many power lines on long island . several homes , in addition to many trees , sustained damage . roughly 112 @ , @ 000 long island power company employees experienced power outages at some point during the storm . as the storm moved deeper into new york state , high winds occurred in the hudson valley region . throughout columbia , albany and rensselaer counties , trees , tree limbs , and power lines were downed by the winds . in stephentown , a gust of 58 miles per hour ( 93 km / h ) was reported . ulster county suffered minor impacts , with large trees being downed and striking homes . in eastern new york state , 25 @ , @ 000 homes lost power as a result of the nor ' easter . on the south shore of long island , in southold , a small house partially collapsed into the water . = = = new england = = = in pennsylvania , the storm was reported as being more significant than expected . = @ - @ 000 wind gust , approximately 70 miles per hour ( 110 km / h ), first across the state from the northeast and later from the southwest . trees , tree limbs , and power lines were downed , causing damage to homes and businesses . the strong winds caused widespread power failures , affecting up to 130 @ , @ 000 electric customers . as a result , northeast utilities sought help from as far as vermont and massachusetts to restore electricity . john ranniello , a spokesman for northeast utilities , said that " we ' ve had outages in almost every county . " in new haven , the nor ' easter ripped three barges from their moorings . one of the barges drifted across the long island sound and ran aground in port jefferson , new york . a man in milford was killed , when a tree that was previously downed by the storm fell on him during an attempt to remove it from a neighbor ' s yard . northeast utilities , which reported the majority of the power outages , estimated storm damage in the state to be between $ 5 – $ 10 million ( 1994 usd ; $ 8 @ . @ . – $ 11 @ . @ 8 million 2008 usd ) . losses were less than in new hampshire and vermont . in southern new hampshire , a line of thunderstorms produced heavy rainfall , causing flooding on portions of new hampshire route 1 . flash flooding of small streams feeding into the piscataquog river was reported . in maine , the storm brought high winds and heavy rainfall . along the coast of southern maine and new hampshire , beach erosion was reported . additionally , minor damage was reported across the region , as a result of heavy surface waves and numerous traffic accidents . in rhode island , the power failures were the worst since hurricane bob of the 1991 atlantic hurricane season . throughout the state , approximately 200 @ , @ 000 customers were without electric power . as with bob , downed trees and property damage were widespread . there were also reports of roof tiles being torn off , and of damage to buildings . in warwick , two fishing boats were destroyed after being knocked into other buildings . the highest recorded wind gust in the state was 74 miles per hour ( 119 km / h ) in ashaway , rhode island . statewide damage totaled about $ 1 million . massachusetts , particularly cape cod and nantucket , bore the remnants of the nor ' easter . inland , wind speeds approached 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) on cape cod and , offshore , winds reached 30 mph ( 24 @ . @ . m ) . at boston , wind speeds peaked at 88 miles per hour ( 142 km / h ) , whileon ##shore winds of 84 miles per hour ( 135 km / h ) were reported . the winds left 30 @ , @ 000 electric customers without power during the storm , primarily in the eastern part of the state . power was out for possibly as long as 24 hours . property damage was widespread and numerous trees , signs , and fences were blown down . a large tent used by the new england patriots was ripped and blown off its foundation . the storm also spread a large house fire in north attleboro . although not directly related to the storm , it caused no fatalities . because tides were low , little coastal flooding occurred . outside the prudential center complex in boston , the storm toppled a 50 @ - @ foot ( 15 m ) tall tree . rainfall of 2 to 4 @ . @ 5 inches ( 51 to 89 mm ) was recorded throughout the eastern part of the state , contributing to heavy runoff that washed away a 50 @ - @ foot ( 15 m ) section of a highway . agricultural damage in massachusetts was estimated at about $ 1 million .