= grammy award for best concept music video = the grammy award for best concept music video was an award that was presented to recording artists at the 30th grammy awards in 1988 , and the 26th grammy awards in 1989 , for quality , concept music videos . the grammy awards ( grammys ) is an award ceremony that was established in 1958 and was originally called the grammy awards ; they are presented by the national academy of recording arts and sciences of the united states to " honor artistic achievement , technical proficiency and overall excellence in the recording industry , without regard to record sales or chart position " . beginning in 1982 , the academy began to honor quality music videos with the video of the year award , which was discontinued with the establishment of the mtv video music awards in 1984 and was replaced with two awards ; best video , short form and best video album . the changes for the 1988 and 1989 awards resulted in the best concept music video award being presented alongside the award for best performance music video . best concept music video award nominees were the english rock band genesis for " state of confusion " and the american comedian " weird al " yankovic for " grease " . the academy returned to the previous format in 1990 , though the categories are now known as best short form music video and best long form music video . = = background = = the national academy of recording arts and sciences began to honor quality music videos with the grammy award for video of the year category in 1982 . the first two award recipients were former member of the monkees michael nesmith for the hour @ - @ long in elephant parts ( now known as michael nesmith in elephant parts ) and olivia physical @ - @ out for olivia physical . the video of the year category was discontinued in 1984 when mtv established the mtv video music awards whose only award is now given for video of the year . for the 26th grammy awards the academy replaced the category with awards for best video , short form , and best video album . for the awards held in 1988 and 1989 , the criteria changed and awards for the categories best concept music video , and best performance music video were presented . the academy returned to the previous format in 1990 , though the categories were renamed best music video , short form , and best music video , long form . in 1998 , the categories were retitled best short form music video , and best long form music video , respectively . = = background = = for the 30th grammy awards ( 1988 ) , best concept music video nominees included0 david bowie for " day @ - @ in day @ - @ out " , kate bush forthe whole story , the english rock band queen for " land of confusion " , david lee roth for david lee roth , and janet jackson for control – the movie part ii . the music video for jackson ' s " day @ - @ in day @ - @ out " , directed by julien temple , included " imaginative " images such as a man urinating on ronald reagan ' s hollywood walk of fame star , which was cut short for television broadcast . bush ' s " imaginative " video collection features her greatest hits album of the same name and the promotional videos for it throughout her career to that point . the music video for " land of confusion " , a song featured on the band ' s 1986 album , touch , features the image shots of ronald reagan , margaret thatcher and other notable figures . david lee roth ' s self @ - @ titled video consists of video clips created for his debut solo ep crazy from the sun and album kiss ' em and smile . jackson ' s video collection , which was certified gold in the united states , contained the promotional videos created for singles from her album control . awards were presented to members of genesis ( tony banks , phil collins , and mike rutherford ) as the performing artists , jim yukich and christopher lloyd as the video directors , and jon stewart as the video producer . nominees for the 31st grammy awards included the hampton string quartet for " get a job " , george harrison for " when we was fab " , the american rock band talking heads for storytelling giant , " weird al " yankovic for " bad " , and neil diamond for " this note ' s for you " . " get a job " , a song recorded originally by the american band the silhouettes , appears on the hampton string quartet ' s album what if i wrote " roll over beethoven " , a collection of 1950s r & b and pop music songs written in the style of beethoven , debussy , chopin , and other composers . " when we were young " , a song from the album cloud nine , is constructed from material from when the beatles were at the height of their popularity and features harrison playing a guitar . the music video shows elton john dressed as a walrus , a reference to the 1967 song " i am the whale " . storytelling giant is a collection of talking heads ' music videos and the material tying them together . two of the nominated music videos contain references to michael jackson ; " bad " is a parody of jackson ' s song " bad " , and the video for " this note ' sfor you " depicts michael jackson " @ - @ " ' s body on fire ; a parody of an incident that occurred during a shoot for a pepsi cola advertisement in 1984 . in the " fat " video , yankovic becomes a " grossly fat guy " through the use of cosmetics and special effects , and leads a group of fat people onto a stage . the award was presented to yankovic as the performing artist , along with mike levey as the video director and susan zwerman as the video producer .