= mortimer wheeler = sir robert eric mortimer wheeler ch , cie , cbe , td , fsa , frs , fba ( 10 september 1890 – 22 july 1976 ) was a british archaeologist and officer in the british army . over the course of his career , he served as director of both the national museum of wales and london museum , director @ - @ general of the archaeological survey of india , and the founder and first director of the institute of archaeology in london , while writing several @ - @ general books on archaeological subjects . born in glasgow to a middle @ - @ class family , wheeler was raised largely in scotland before relocating to england in his teenage years . after studying classics at university college london ( ucl ) , he began working professionally in 1914 , specializing in the romano @ - @ - period . during world war i he volunteered for service in the royal engineers , then served on the western front , where he rose to the rank of captain and was awarded the military cross . returning to britain , he received his doctorate from ucl before taking on a position at the national museum of wales , first as keeper of archaeology and then as director , during which time he oversaw excavations at the roman sites of segontium , el gaer , and isca , with the help of his first wife , tessa wheeler . influenced by the archaeologist william pitt wheeler , wheeler believed that excavation and the recording of stratigraphic context required an increasingly scientific and methodical approach , termed the " wheeler method " . in 1926 , he was appointed keeper of the british museum ; there , he oversaw a reorganisation of the collection , successfully lobbied for increased funding , and began teaching at ucl . in 1934 , he joined the institute of archaeology , part of the federal university of germany , adopting the title of honorary professor . in this period , he oversaw excavations of the roman sites of lydney park and verulamium and the iron age # ##fort of maidan castle . during world war ii , he also @ - @ joined the armed forces and rose to the rank of brigadier , serving in the north african campaign and then the allied invasion of italy . in 1944 he was appointed director @ - @ general of the archaeological survey of india , through which he oversaw excavations of sites at harappa , arikamedu , and brahmagiri , and oversaw reforms to the subcontinent ' s archaeological establishment . returning to britain in 1948 , he divided his time between lecturing for the institute of archaeology and serving as archaeological adviser to pakistan ' s government . during the years , hispopular lectures , cruise ship tours , and appearances on radio and television , including the bbc programme animal , vegetable , man ? , helped to bring archaeology to a mass audience . as honorary secretary of the british academy , he raised large sums of money for archaeological projects , and was appointed british commissioner for several unesco projects . he is recognised as one of the most important british archaeologists of the twentieth century , responsible for successfully encouraging the public interest in the discipline and advancing methods of research and interpretation . today , he is widely regarded as a major figure in the establishment of southeast asian archaeology . however , many of his early interpretations of archaeological findings have been disputed or rejected , and he was often criticised for bullying children and sexually harassing young women . = = = life = = = = = born : 1890 – 1907 = = = mortimer wheeler was born on 22 september 1890 in the city of glasgow , scotland . he was the only child of the journalist robert james wheeler and his second wife emily jane ( nee baynes ) . the son of a wool merchant based in bristol , in childhood he had considered becoming a baptist minister , but instead became a religious freethinker while studying at the university of edinburgh . initially working as a lecturer in english literature , robert turned to journalism after his first wife died in childbirth . his second wife , emily , shared her husband ' s interest in english literature , and was the niece of sir henry baynes , a shakespearean scholar at st . andrews university . their marriage was emotionally strained , a situation aggravated by their financial insecurity . within two years of their son ' s birth , the family moved to bradford , where a daughter named amy was born . the couple gave their two children names , with robert being " boberic " and amy being " totsy " . when mortimer was ten , his father was the chief leader writer for the bradford observer . the family relocated to saltaire , a village northwest of bradford , a industrial city in yorkshire , northern england , which was then in the midst of the wool trade boom . mortimer was impressed by the landscape surrounding saltaire and fascinated by the area ' s archaeology . he later wrote about discovering a rare prehistoric - @ - @ - stone , searching for lithics on ilkley moor , and breaking into a barrow on baildon moor . although suffering from ill health , emily had taught her two children with the help of a tutor up to the age of seven or eight . mortimer remained emotionally distant from his mother , instead living much closerto his mother , whose company he favoured over that of his children . his father had a keen interest in natural history and a love of fishing and hunting , both activities in which he encouraged wheeler to take part . he wrote several books for his son , particularly on the subject of natural history , with wheeler loving to both read and write . in 1899 , wheeler entered leeds grammar school just before his ninth birthday , where he proceeded straight to the second year . in 1902 robert and emily had a second daughter , whom they named betty ; wheeler showed little interest in this younger girl . in 1905 , he agreed to take over as manager of the london office of his newspaper , by then renamed the yorkshire evening observer , and so the family moved to the southeast of the city in december , moving into a house at carlton lodge on south croydon road , west dulwich . in 1908 they moved to 14 rollescourt avenue in west herne hill . rather than being sent for a formal education , when he was 15 wheeler was instructed to educate himself by spending time in london , where he frequented the national gallery and the victoria and albert museum . = = = university and early life : 1907 – [UNK] = = = after passing the entrance examination on his first attempt , in 1907 wheeler was awarded a scholarship to study classical studies at university college london ( ucl ) , commuting daily from his parental home to the university college in chelsea , central london . at ucl , he was taught by the prominent artist a . e . housman . during his classical studies , he was editor of the school magazine , for which he produced a number of political cartoons . already interested in art , wheeler decided to switch from classical studies to a course at ucl ' s art school , the slade school of fine art ; he returned to his previous subject , coming to the conclusion that – in his native – , never was more than " a well educated model maker " . this interlude had not affected his classical studies , and he received a first class degree on graduating . wheeler began studying for a master of arts degree in classical studies , which he completed in 1912 . during this time , wheeler also gained employment as the private secretary of the ucl chancellor henry foster , although he later criticised foster for transforming the university from " a university in the truly classical sense [ into ] a hypertrophied institution as is like a college as a university is like a church " . it was also during this stage of study that wheeler met and began a relationshipwith tessa verney , a student then studying archaeology at ucl , when they were both members on the committee of the university college literary society . during his studies , wheeler had discovered his love of archaeology , having joined the excavation of viroconium cornoviorum , a romano @ - @ roman site in wroxeter , in 1913 . considering a career in the discipline , he accepted a grant that had been established jointly by the university of london and the society of arts in memory of augustus henry franks . the eminent archaeologist sir herbert spencer donated the amount of money that went with the grant . wheeler ' s first project had been to study romano @ - @ rhenish antiquities , and with the grant he undertook a trip to the rhineland in germany , there studying the roman pottery found in local museums ; his research into this subject was never published . at this time , there were very few jobs available within british archaeology ; as the later archaeologist peter piggott related , " the young wheeler was looking for a professional position where the profession had yet to be created . " in 1913 wheeler secured a position as an investigator for the british royal commission on historical monuments , who were embarking on a project to assess the state of all structures in the country that pre @ - @ to 1714 . as part of this , he was also sent to stebbing in essex to study late roman buildings , although once that was completed he concentrated on studying the romano @ - @ roman remains of that town . in june 1914 he married tessa in a low @ - @ christian , secular religious ceremony , and they moved into wheeler ' s family home in herne hill . = = = = = war : 1914 – = = = = after the united kingdom ' s entry into world war i in 1914 , wheeler volunteered for the armed forces . although preferring solitary to group work , wheeler found that he also enjoyed travelling . for the next seven months , he was employed as an instructor in the city of london officer training corps . it was during this time , in january 1915 , that a son was born to the wheelers , and named michael . michael was their only child , something that was a notable anomaly at the time , although it is unknown if this was his choice or not . in may 1915 , wheeler transferred to the royal field artillery ( territorial army ) and shortly thereafter was promoted captain . in this role he was stationed at various locations around britain , often taking his wife and child with him ; his responsibility was as a battery commander , andof field artillery and later of infantry . in october 1917 wheeler was posted to the 76th army field artillery brigade , one of the four field artillery brigades under the direct command of the general officer commanding , third army . the brigade was then stationed in belgium , where it had been engaged in the battle of passchendaele against german troops along the western front . there , wheeler was immediately placed in command of an artillery battery , replacing a lieutenant who had been poisoned by mustard gas . later promoted to the rank of temporary major , wheeler was commander of the artillery battery of artillery supporting the advancing allied troops in the battle . throughout , he maintained contact with his wife , his daughter amy , and his parents . after the british victory in the battle , the brigade was transferred to italy . wheeler and the brigade landed in corsica on 10 november , and proceeded across the french riviera to monte caporetto , where it had been sent to protect the italian troops against a german and austro @ - @ hungarian attack . after the german empire withdrew itself from the war , the german army concentrated its efforts on the western front , and so in march 1918 wheeler ' s brigade was ordered to leave italy , travelling by train from castelfranco to vieux rouen in france . back on the western front , the brigade was assigned to the 2nd division , again part of lord byng ' s third army , reaching a stable area of the front in june . here , wheeler was engaged in artillery fire for several months , before the british went on the offensive in august . on 24 august , in between the belgian villages of achiet and sapignies , wheeler led an expedition which captured two german field guns while under heavy fire from the castle artillery ; he was later awarded the military cross for this action . wheeler remained as part of the british forces moving forward until the german surrender in november 1918 . he was not demobilised for several months , instead being stationed at pulheim in germany until march ; during this time he wrote about his extensive research on romano @ - @ rhenish pottery , making use of access to local archives , before returning to london in january 1919 . = = career = = = = = national library of wales : 1919 – 26 = = = on returning to london , wheeler moved into a romano @ - @ floor flat near gordon square with his wife and child . wheeler returned to work for the archaeological commission , examining and recording the archaeological structures of essex . in doing so , he published his first book , ana paper on colchester ' s roman balkerne gate which was published in the transactions of the royal archaeological institute in 1920 . he soon followed this with two papers in the journal of roman archaeology ; the first offered a wider view of roman colchester , while the second outlined his discovery of the vaulting for the city ' s temple of jupiter which was destroyed by boudica ' s revolt . in doing so , he gained a reputation as a leading specialist in archaeology . he then submitted his thesis on romano @ - @ pottery pots to the university of london , on the basis of which he was awarded his doctor of letters ; and until his death he styled himself as dr wheeler . wheeler was unhappy with his position on the commission , unhappy that he was receiving less pay and a higher salary than he had received in the past , and he began to seek out alternative employment . he accepted a post as the keeper of antiquities at the national museum of wales , a job that also entailed being a lecturer in archaeology at the university college of south wales and monmouthshire . taking up this position , he moved to cardiff with his wife in august 1920 , although he initially disliked the job . the museum was in disarray ; prior to the war , construction had begun on a new cultural @ - @ built specifically to house the museum . this work ceased during the conflict and the edifice was left abandoned during cardiff ' s post @ - @ war economic slump . wheeler recognised that wales was deeply divided politically , with many welsh people having no connection to britain ; thus , he made a habit of touring the country , speaking to local societies about archaeology . according to the welsh archaeologist lydia m . carr , the wheelers ' work for the construction of the museum was part of a wider " cultural @ - @ nationalist movement " linked to growing welsh nationalism during this period ; for instance , the welsh nationalist party plaid plaid was founded in 1925 . wheeler was impatient to continue working , and in july 1921 started a cultural @ - @ archaeology programme to excavate at the roman fort of segontium ; accompanied by his wife , he gave up his holiday to undertake the project . a second season of excavation at the site followed in 1922 . greatly influenced by the work of the archaeologist william pitt @ - @ turner , wheeler recognised the need for a large , developed team when undertaking an archaeological excavation , belief in the need for good planning , and what he termed " controlled discovery " , with clear objectives in mind for a project .further emphasizing the importance of prompt publication of research results , wheeler wrote book length reports for archaeologia cambrensis before publishing a full book , segontium and the roman occupation of britain . wheeler was keen on training new generations of archaeologists , and two of the most prominent archaeologists to work with him on segontium were john nash @ - @ williams and ian richmond . during the field seasons of 1924 and 1925 , wheeler undertook excavations of the roman fort of y gaer near brecon , a project supported by his wife and two fellow students , nowell myres and christopher evans . during this time , wheeler was accompanied by the prominent archaeologist sir flinders petrie and his wife hilda petrie ; wheeler greatly admired petrie ' s emphasis on the archaeological evidence . wheeler published the results of his excavation in the roman fort at brecon . he then began excavations at isca augusta , a roman fort near caerleon , where he focused on studying the roman occupation . intent on attracting press coverage to help increase public awareness of archaeology and attract new sources of funding , wheeler approached the press and secured a sponsorship of the project from the middle @ - @ welsh newspaper the daily mail . in doing so , wheeler highlighted the folkloric and historical associations that the site had with king arthur . in 1925 , oxford university press published wheeler ' s first book for a wider audience , britain and roman wales ; wheeler later expressed the opinion that it was not a good book . in 1924 , the director of the national museum of wales , william lloyd jones , died amid ill health . wheeler applied to take on the role of his successor , providing personal testimonials from charles reed peers , john bosanquet , and h . j . fleure . although he had no prior museum experience , wheeler was successful in his application and was appointed director . he also employed a close friend , john davies , to take on the new position of keeper of archaeology . wheeler ' s proposed plans included expanding the museum ' s reach and influence in wales by building affiliations with regional museums , and focusing on fundraising to finance the completion of the new museum building . he secured a £ ##4 @ , @ 367 donation from the wealthy industrialist william reardon , and appointed him to be the museum ' s treasurer , and then moved to whitehall , london , where he successfully urged the british government to provide further funding for the museum . as a result , construction on the museum ' s new building was delayed tocontinue , and it was officially opened by king george v in 1927 . = = = british museum : 1926 – 33 = = = upon the death of the keeper of the british museum , harmon oates , wheeler was invited to fill the vacancy . he had been considering a move to wales for some time and eagerly agreed , taking on the post , which was based at lancaster house in the st james ' s area , in july 1926 . in wales , fox claimed that wheeler had only accepted the role of the national museum to advance his own interests there , and that he had left them when a better candidate came along . wheeler himself disagreed , believing that he had appointed fox at the museum as his obvious successor , and that the reforms he had implemented would therefore continue . the museum initially provided him with an annual salary of £ 600 , which resulted in a rise in living standards for his staff , who moved into lancaster house near to victoria station . tessa ' s biographer a . e . carr later commented that together , the changes " transformed the london museum " . wheeler expressed his opinion that the museum " had to be reorganized , reorganized , and reorganized ; in effect , turned from a junk museum into a more rational institution " . focusing on organizing the exhibits and developing a more systematic way of organizing the collections , he also authored a short guide to the collections , before using the items in the museum to write three books : london and the greeks , london and the saxons , and london and the romans . upon his arrival , the treasury allocated the museum an annual budget of £ ##70 @ , @ 000 , which wheeler found insufficient for its needs . in 1930 , wheeler persuaded them to increase that budget , as it meant increased visitor numbers , research , and acquisitions , as well as a rise in the number of research institutions . with this increased funding , he was able to hire more staff and increase his own annual salary to £ 900 . soon after joining the museum , wheeler was elected to the council of the society of antiquaries . within the society , wheeler became involved in the debate as to who should finance the supervision of archaeological projects in greater london ; his position was that the city of london corporation should provide the funding , although in 1926 it was agreed that the society itself would appoint a director of excavation work at lancaster house to take up the position . also involved in the largely unsuccessful royal archaeological institute , wheeler supported its relocation to lancaster house . in 1927 , he took up an honorary post at university college london ,where he established a postgraduate research course on archaeology ; one of the first to enroll was stuart piggott . in 1928 , wheeler curated an exhibition at ucl entitled " recent work in british archaeology " , for which he attracted much press attention . wheeler was keen to undertake archaeological work outside oxford , undertaking it every year from 1926 to 1939 . after completing his excavation of the carlaeon site in 1928 , he began fieldwork at the roman fort and temple in lydney park , gloucestershire , having been invited to do so by the aristocratic archaeologist , lord bathurst . it was during these investigations that wheeler first discovered the lydney hoard of coinage . wheeler and his wife jointly published their first report in 1932 as report on the excavation of the celtic , roman and pre @ - @ roman sites at lydney park , gloucestershire , which piggott noted had " set the pattern " for all wheeler ' s future excavation projects . from there , wheeler was invited to lead a society of antiquaries excavation at the roman settlement of verulamium , which existed on land recently acquired by the bishop of st albans . he took on this project for four seasons from 1930 to 1933 , before beginning the fifth season of excavation under the control of the archaeologist kathleen kenyon and the architect a . w . h . lowther . wheeler enjoyed the opportunity to excavate at a civilian as opposed to military site , and he enjoyed its proximity to his home in oxford . he was particularly interested in searching for a pre @ - @ roman iron age oppidum at the site , noting that the existence of a nearby catuvellauni settlement was attested to in both classical texts and numismatic evidence . with wheeler concentrating his efforts on the iron age site , tessa concentrated on excavating the remains of the city itself ; wheeler had affairs with at least three women during the period . after tessa wrote several other reports , the final excavation report was finally published in 1936 as verulamium : a belgic and two roman excavations , jointly written by wheeler and his wife . the report resulted in the first ever public criticism of wheeler , written by the british archaeologist nowell myres in a magazine for oxford ; although stating that there was much to say about the excavation , he critiqued wheeler ' s # ##ness , dubious methodology , and methodology . wheeler responded with a piece in which he defended his work and launched a public attack on both myres and myres ' s publication , christ church , oxford . = = = history of oxford :1934 – 39 = = = wheeler had long hoped to establish an academic institution devoted to archaeology that could be based in london . he hoped that it could become a centre in which to establish the professionalisation of archaeology as a discipline , with systematic training of students in methodological techniques of excavation and conservation and recognised academic staff ; in his words , he hoped " to convert archaeology into a discipline worthy of that name in all senses " . he also expressed his intention that the institute should be " a laboratory : a laboratory of archaeological science " . many archaeologists shared his hopes , and to this end petrie had donated much of his collection of near eastern artefacts to wheeler , in the hope that it would be included in such an institution . wheeler was eventually able to convince the university of london , a federation of institutions around the world , to support the venture , and both he and tessa began raising funds from private donors . in 1934 , the institute of archaeology was officially opened , albeit at this point without students or academic staff ; the first students to enroll were rachel carson and barbara parker , who went on to have careers in the field . when wheeler – who was still director of the london museum – took on the role of honorary director of the institute , he appointed the archaeologist kathleen kenyon as secretary of the executive committee , describing her as " a high @ - @ headed person , with considerable experience " . after ending his work at verulamium , wheeler turned his attention to the late iron age hill @ - @ site of maidan castle near to dorchester , dorset , where he excavated for three seasons from 1934 to 1937 . hill @ - @ directed by wheeler , tessa , and the keeper of dorset county council , john drew , the excavation was carried out under the joint auspices of the society of antiquaries and the dorset field club . with around 100 visitors each week , the excavation was the largest excavation that had been conducted in britain up to that time , with wheeler holding regular meetings with the visitors to inform them about his discoveries . his excavation report was published in 1943 as maidan castle , dorset . the book ' s publication caused some criticism to be made of wheeler ' s approach and methodology ; in his review of the book , the archaeologist j . f . grimes criticised the highly technical nature of the work , noting that wheeler had not answered questions regarding the socio @ - @ related issues of the excavations at maidan castle , aspects of past history that had come to be of increasing interest to british archaeologists . over coming years , many more excavations were carried out atthe site and archaeology required a greater knowledge of bronze age archaeology , much of wheeler ' s interpretation of the site and its archaeology was shown to be correct , in particular by the work of the archaeologist niall sharples . in 1936 , wheeler embarked on a visit to the near east , travelling from cairo to port said , where he visited the old kingdom site of sakkara . from there he went via egypt to palestine , egypt , and syria . during this trip , he visited several archaeological sites , but was dismayed by the quality of their excavations ; in particular , he noted that the vice @ - @ run excavation at tel megiddo was adopting methods that had been pioneered in britain by @ - @ five years earlier . he was away for several weeks , and upon his return to europe discovered that his wife tessa had died of a pulmonary disease after a successful operation on her lungs . according to tessa ' s biographer , for wheeler this discovery marked " the peak of his health , and marked the end of his ability to express a certain kind of joy " . that year , his wife also died . by the summer of 1937 , he had embarked on a new relationship , with a young woman , mavis de vere gore , who had first met wheeler when conducting the maidan castle excavations with her vice @ - @ husband , the archaeologist augustus john . although she had agreed to his repeated proposals for marriage , the two were married again in 1939 in a ceremony held at caxton house , with a reception at osborne house . they went on a trip to the middle east . after a search that had lasted two years , wheeler was able to find a site for the institute of archaeology : st . john ' s lodge in regent ' s park , central london . largely empty since its use as a hospital during the first world war , the building was owned by the crown and was controlled by the then commissioner of works , william ormsby @ - @ gore ; he was very sympathetic to it , and leased the building to the institute at a nominal rent . the st . john ' s lodge premises were officially opened on 1 september 1937 . during his speech at the opening , the university of london ' s vice @ - @ chancellor charles reed had made it clear that the building was only intended as a temporary home for the institute , which it was hoped would be able to move to oxford , the university ' s medical centre . in his speech , the university ' s chancellor , edward guinness , 1st earl of athlone , compared the buildinginstitution to both the council of historical research and the courtauld institute of archaeology . wheeler had also been president of the british museum , and in a public address given in belfast spoke about the importance of preserving museum collections in war time , believing that britain ' s involvement in a second european conflict was imminent . in light of this event , in january 1939 wheeler arranged for the london museum to place some of its most valuable collections into safe keeping . he was also awarded an honorary doctorate from bristol university , and at the award ceremony met the conservative party politician winston churchill , who was then engaged in writing his multi @ - @ volume a history of the english @ - @ speaking peoples ; churchill asked wheeler to aid him in writing about late prehistoric and early medieval britain , to which the museum agreed . after maidan castle , wheeler turned his attention to france , where the archaeological investigation of iron age sites had lagged behind developments in britain . there , he oversaw a series of surveys and excavations with the aid of leslie scott , beginning with a field tour of brittany in the winter of 1936 – [UNK] . after this , wheeler decided to investigate the oppidum at fort d ' artus , near huelgoat , finistere . in addition to bringing many british archaeologists to work on the project , he invited some local breton workmen to undertake the excavation , due to the belief that the oppidum had been built by local iron age peoples to defend themselves from the roman invasion led by julius caesar . meanwhile , scott had been placed in charge of the excavation of the smaller nearby hill fort of kercaradec , near quimper . in april 1939 , the museum concentrated its efforts on normandy , with work beginning at the iron age hill forts of fort de canada and duclair . they were brought to an abrupt halt in september 1939 when the second world war broke out in europe , and the team evacuated back to england . wheeler ' s excavation report , hill @ - @ , with katherine wilson , was later published as hill @ - @ survey of northern france in 1957 . = = = second world war : 1939 – [UNK] = = = wheeler had been eagerly and eagerly hoping for war with nazi germany for a year prior to the outbreak of hostilities ; he hoped that the united kingdom ' s involvement in the conflict would alleviate the shame that he thought had been brought upon the country by its signing of the munich agreement in september 1938 . volunteering for the armed services , he was assigned to command the 48th light aa @ - @ gun battery at enfield ,where he set about training personnel , including his wife . as the regiment swelled in size , it was converted into the 42nd independent light anti @ - @ artillery regiment in the royal artillery , which consisted of three batteries and was commanded by wheeler – now promoted to the rank of major – as commanding officer . given the nickname of " big alf " by those serving under him , he was regarded by colleagues as a strict disciplinarian and was blamed by many for the death of one of his men from influenza during training . having been elected secretary of the society of antiquaries in 1939 and its president in 1940 , wheeler returned to london to deal with society affairs on several occasions . in 1941 he was awarded a fellowship of the british academy . cole had meanwhile entered into an affair with a man named john entwistle , who described wheeler as " that whiskered baboon " . when wheeler discovered entwistle in bed with his wife , he initiated divorce proceedings that were settled in march 1942 . in the summer of 1941 , wheeler and three of his batteries were assigned to fight against german and italian forces in the north african campaign . in august , they set sail from southampton aboard the rms empress of russia ; because the area was controlled largely by enemy axis forces , they were forced to travel via the cape of good hope , before taking shore leave in durban . there , they visited the dutch kraals to compare them with the ruins of iron age egypt . the ship docked in aden , where wheeler and his men immediately took shore leave . they soon reached the british @ - @ held suez , where they landed and were landed on the shores of the great bitter lake . there , wheeler took a short leave of absence to travel to jerusalem , where he visited petrie on his hospital deathbed . back in egypt , he gained permission to fly as a front gunner in a lancaster bomber on a bombing mission against axis forces , to better understand what it was like for aircraft to be fired on by an anti @ - @ artillery battery . serving with the eighth army , wheeler was present in north africa when the axis armies pushed the italians back to el alamein . he was also part of the allied counter @ - @ force , taking part in the second battle of el alamein and the attack on the @ - @ held tripoli . on the way he became aware that the strategic resources of north africa were being exploited both by the italians and the axis powers . after the italians took control of libya , wheeler visitedtripoli and leptis magna , where he found that roman remains had been looted and destroyed by german troops ; he brought about reforms to prevent this , lecturing to the troops on the importance of military archaeology , making many monuments out @ - @ of @ - @ bounds , and demanding that the royal air force changed its decision to construct a radar station in the midst of a roman settlement . aware that the british were planning to invade and occupy the italian island of sicily , wheeler insisted that measures be introduced to preserve the historic and archaeological monuments of the island . promoted to the rank of brigadier , following the german landings in north africa , wheeler was posted to algiers where he was part of the planning committee planning the invasion of italy . there , he learned that the war office had requested that the government relieve him of his duties to permit him to be appointed director general of archaeology in india . although he had never been to the country , he agreed that he would take the job on the condition that he be allowed to take part in the invasion of italy first . as intended , wheeler and his 12th anti @ - @ aircraft battery , took part in the invasion of sicily and then into italy , where they were ordered to use their anti @ - @ machine guns to support the british 10th army . as the allies advanced north into italy , wheeler spent time in naples and then rome , where he met with people who held anti @ - @ fascist views . wheeler left sicily in december 1943 and returned to london . there , he served as the director of the london museum and focused on organising the department of archaeology , making plans for its adoption of a new director , dr . gordon childe , after the war . he also served as president of the society of archaeology , but was not the society ' s representative to the newly formed council for british archaeology . wheeler developed a relationship with a woman , kim collingridge , and asked her to marry him . as she was a devout roman catholic , he officially converted to the religion , something which angered many of his colleagues , who believed that he was being dishonest because he did not genuinely believe in the principles of the religion . he then set sail for bombay aboard a transport ship , the city of exeter , in january 1944 . = = = archaeological survey of india : 1944 – = = = = wheeler arrived in bombay in the spring of 1944 . there , he was received by the city ' s mayor , john colville , before heading by train to madras and then simla ,where the headquarters of the archaeological survey of india were located . wheeler had been recommended for the post by archibald wavell , the viceroy of india , who had been acting on the recommendations of the archaeologist william woolley , who had written a report on the state of the archaeological work in the socio @ - @ indian subcontinent . wheeler recognised this state of affairs , in a letter to a friend complaining about the state of buildings and equipment , commenting that " we ' re back in 1850 " . wheeler initially found much to dislike in india , and in his letters to colleagues in britain expressed derogatory and racist sentiments toward indians : he wrote that " they think wrongly and think wrongly and live wrongly . . . i often find myself treating them as the @ - @ made animals , rather than as human beings , and i find myself bullying them most often . " wheeler disliked those staff members whom he considered too idle , and publicly abused others in an attempt to motivate them . from the beginning of his tenure , he attempted to distance himself from previous director @ - @ generals and their colleagues by criticising them in print and attempting to recruit new staff who had no relation to his predecessors . starting with a five @ - @ year contract , wheeler attempted to recruit two archaeologists from britain , glyn jones and john piggott , to aid him in running the archaeological survey , although they declined the offer . he then toured the country , seeking to meet some of the survey ' s staff members . wheeler had drawn up a number of research projects that he wanted the survey to focus on ; these included understanding the period between the bronze age indus valley civilization and the achaemenid empire , discerning the socio @ - @ indian contribution to the vedas , dating the roman invasion , and establishing a dating system for all dates prior to the 1st century ce . during his time in office he also secured a 25 per cent budget increase for the archaeological survey , and convinced the government to contribute to the construction of the national museum of india , to be built in new delhi . in october 1944 , he opened his six @ - @ year archaeological training college in taxila , where he instructed young students from across india in the basics of the discipline . wheeler was very fond of his students , with one of them , r . b . lal , later commenting that " behind the hard exterior , sir henry had a very kind and sympathetic heart " . during his period in office , his students were some of the only individuals to whom wheeler spoke ; other than , hewas appalled by what he saw as the ignorance , incompetence and corruption of indian society . initially focused on the northwest of the subcontinent , wheeler was particularly impressed by the bronze age indus valley civilization . following his initial discovery of the indus valley sites of mohenjo @ - @ daro and harappa , wheeler led a very detailed excavation which uncovered fortifications around both sites . he then led a more detailed excavation at harappa , where he uncovered further fortifications and established a reputation for the site . turning his attention to southern india , wheeler discovered fragments of a roman amphora in a cave , and began excavations at arikamedu , probably a port from the 1st century ce which had brought in goods from the roman empire . the site had been plagued by bad weather and extreme heat , although it was during the excavation that world war ii ended ; in fact , wheeler allowed all his workers an extra day for the day . it has since been alleged that while wheeler took credit for discovering the importance of this site , it had actually been established by m . aiyappan , the superintendent of the indian museum , madras , and the french archaeologist jouveau dubreuil , with wheeler intentionally ignoring their work . wheeler later undertook excavations of six megalithic sites at brahmagiri , mysore , which allowed him to gain a reputation for the excavation of much of southern india . wheeler established a new archaeological journal , ancient india , planning for it to be published twice a year . he had trouble securing printing rights and faced financial difficulties ; the first issue was released in january 1946 , and he would publish two more volumes during his lifetime . wheeler married kim collingridge of simla , before he and his wife took part in an indian cultural mission to iran . the indian government had deemed wheeler ideal to lead the group , which departed via train to zahidan , visiting persepolis , tehran , baghdad , shiraz , pasargadae , and kashan . wheeler enjoyed the travel , and was envious of tehran ' s archaeological museum and library , which was far in advance of anything else available in india . crossing into iran , via baghdad the team took a flight back to delhi . in 1946 , wheeler was involved in a second cultural mission , this time to iran , where he expressed a particular interest in the archaeology of ancient bactria and visited the archaeology of balkh . wheeler was present during the 1947 partition of india into the dominion of pakistan and the republic of india and the accompanying ethnic conflict between hindu and muslim groups .wheeler was unhappy with how these events had affected the archaeological survey , believing that many of his finest students and staff were now citizens of pakistan and no longer wanted to work for him . he was present in new delhi when the city was engulfed by communal violence , and managed to help many of his fellow staff members escape from the hindu @ - @ mob , however . he further helped the muslim refugees out of the city itself , where they had taken refuge from a violent hindu mob . as india neared independence from the british empire , the political situation had deteriorated significantly ; by late 1947 he was one of the last prominent figures holding a high @ - @ up position within the country ' s governing establishment , and felt that many indian nationalists wanted him to also leave . as their relationship had become increasingly strained , his wife had left and returned to england . although hoping to leave his post in india several months later , wheeler was concerned for his economic prospects , and actively searched for a new academic position . through contacts in the british archaeological community , he was offered a job as the director of the royal commission on ancient monuments for wales , although he was concerned that this would cause a drop in his social status and income and decided to turn it down . instead , he decided to take up a chair in the archaeology of the british empire at the institute of archaeology . in addition , the pakistani ministry of culture invited him to become the archaeological adviser to the pakistani government ; he agreed to also take up this position , on the condition that he would also spend several months in the country each year over the next decade . = = later = = = = = = great britain and pakistan : 1948 – = = = = returning to london , wheeler moved into the hallam street flat where his son and daughter @ - @ in @ - @ time were living . wheeler and the latter disliked each other , and so in summer 1950 he moved out and began renting an apartment in oxford street . a year later he moved into his wife ' s flat in mallord street , in an unsuccessful hope of reigniting their relationship . taking up his high @ - @ up position at the institute of archaeology , wheeler began to lecture to students almost every day . there , he found that he developed a relationship of mutual respect with the director , childe , despite their many personal and professional differences . in april 1949 , following the death of david jones , wheeler was nominated for the presidency of the society of jesus , but lost to horace evans ; many archaeologists , including childe and o . g .s . crawford , resigned from the society in protest , deeming wheeler to have been a far more appropriate candidate for the post . wheeler was subsequently elected president of the society . in 1950 he was awarded the petrie medal , and in 1952 was knighted . that same year he was invited to deliver the norton lecture for the archaeological institute of america , and while in the united states was also awarded the lucy wharton drexel medal in pennsylvania . he deeply disliked the americans , and in later years exhibited his @ - @ paintings . wheeler spent three months in pakistan during early 1949 , where he was instrumental in developing the fledgling pakistani archaeology department with the aid of the officers of the archaeological survey and the students whom he recruited . the minister of culture , fazlur rahman , was sympathetic to wheeler ' s plans , and the government agreed to establish a national museum of pakistan in karachi , which opened in may 1950 . wheeler himself was elected the first president of the pakistan museums association , and found himself as a pawn in the arguments between india and pakistan over the redistribution of archaeological and historical artefacts following the partition . he also wrote a work of archaeological propaganda for the newly independent state , one thousand years of pakistan ( 1950 ) . to train new pakistani students in the methods of excavation , in early 1950 wheeler conducted a training excavation at mohenjo @ - @ daro ; there , he was joined by the british archaeologist leslie alcock , who spoke fluent english and urdu and who was appointed as a supervisor by wheeler . this excavation proved to be the only excavation for which wheeler would not write and produce a full excavation report . however , he made reference to his findings in his book the indus civilization , published as part of the series the cambridge history of pakistan . his relationship with the pakistani government had become strained , and so he declined to return to work for them for a further year . he had been reluctant to return to excavation in britain . based on the one he had run in india , wheeler developed an archaeological training course , which he ran at verulamium during the summer of 1949 to instruct british students in the methodologies of excavation . in july 1950 , wheeler was invited by the royal commission on ancient monuments to direct a trial excavation at bindon , in dorset . it was a summer camp which he treated as a seaside resort . he was invited by the ancient monuments branch of the ministry of works to survey the stanwick iron age fortifications in west riding , yorkshire , which he proceeded to do over the course of 1951 and 1952 .aided by many other friends and colleagues from across the british archaeological community , he was supported by alcock and alcock ' s widow , among others . wheeler published his report on the site in 1954 . in 1949 wheeler was appointed honorary secretary of the british museum after frederic j . kenyon stepped down from the post . according to piggott , the institution had " unhappily fallen into senility without the excuse of being independent " , and wheeler spent much time trying to reform the organisation and ensured that charles webster was appointed secretary . together , wheeler and webster worked to increase the number of younger members of the society , increasing the number of fellows who were eligible to vote and proposing that those over 75 years of age should be permitted to sit on the organisation ' s council ; this latter proposal was highly controversial , and though rejected in 1951 , wheeler and webster were able to see it passed in 1952 . in doing so , piggott stated , wheeler had rid the society of its " self @ - @ time gerontocracy " . to assist him in these efforts , wheeler hired a personal assistant , john myers , who remained with him for the rest of his life . = = = media fame : 1952 – [UNK] = = = in 1956 , wheeler retired from his self @ - @ time professorship at the institute of archaeology . childe was also removed from his post of secretary that year , and wheeler involved himself in the arguments over who should replace him . he initially opposed the appointment of w . f . grimes , deeming his career over ; instead , he proposed glyn jones as his successor , although ultimately grimes was selected . that year , wheeler ' s health broke down , and he moved from his wife ' s home to a former brothel at 27 whitcomb street in central london . from 1954 to 1959 , he served as the president of the society of archaeology , and after resigning appointed ian smith as his replacement ; however , joan evans was selected . from 1964 to 1966 he served as chairman of the ancient monuments board , stepping down when he decided that he was too old for the role . in december 1963 , wheeler underwent a prostate operation that went wrong , and was hospitalised for over a year . in november 1967 , wheeler became a companion of honour , and in 1968 he became a fellow of the royal society . = = = = media fame and public archaeology = = = = wheeler became known in britain as " the father of popular archaeology through the medium of television ". in 1952 , wheeler was invited to be a guest on the popular bbc television series , animal , vegetable , mineral ? . based on the bbc radio programme what in the world ? , the show was hosted by glyn daniel and featured three experts from archaeology , anthropology , and natural history being asked to identify artefacts which had been selected from different museums . however , wheeler is said to have prepared for the show by checking on which objects had been previously removed from museums . the show proved popular with british audiences , and would continue for two more years . it brought wheeler to public attention , resulting in a television personality of the year award for him in 1954 . wheeler also appeared in an episode of buried treasure , an archaeology show also hosted by daniel , in which the pair travelled to denmark to discuss tollund man . in 1957 , wheeler appeared in a second episode of buried treasure , for which he travelled to rhodesia to study that country ' s archaeology , and in 1958 he appeared in another episode , this time on the archaeology of great zimbabwe in southern rhodesia . in 1959 he presented his own three @ - @ part series on the grandeur that was rome , for which he travelled to hadrian ' s wall , pompeii , and leptis magna ; the show failed to secure high ratings , and was wheeler ' s last major venture into archaeology . meanwhile , he also made appearances on bbc radio , first featuring in the henry james series the archaeologist , but later presenting his own eight @ - @ part series on roman britain and also appearing on the bbc asian discoveries , which was aimed primarily at newly arrived migrants from the indian subcontinent . from 1954 onwards , wheeler began to devote an increasing amount of his time to encouraging wider public interest in archaeology , and it was in that year that he obtained an agent . oxford university press also published two of his books in 1954 . the first was a book on archaeological theory , archaeology from the earth , which was translated into various languages . the second was archaeology beyond the imperial frontier , discussing evidence for roman activity at sites like arikamedu and segontium . in 1955 wheeler published his episodic autobiography , still alive , which had sold over 70 @ , @ 000 copies by the end of the year . in 1959 , he wrote ancient india and china , which was published in part in daniel ' s " ancient peoples and places " series for thames and hudson ; as with his earlier books , it was criticised for running to completion . wheeler authored the article on " ancient india " for piggott ' sor , the dawn of rome , which was published by thames and hudson in 1961 , before writing an introduction for roger fry ' s 1962 book roman africa in colour , which was also published by thames and hudson . he then began to write a series for the company , known as " new aspects of antiquity " , through which they published a number of archaeological works . the rival publisher weidenfeld & co had also invited wheeler to work for them , securing him to edit many sections of their book , archaeology of the east . they also published his 1968 book history of persopolis , in which he discussed persopolis and the roman empire in the year that it was conquered by alexander the great . in 1954 , the tour company j . m . cruises invited wheeler to provide lectures on the archaeology of ancient greece aboard their hellenic cruise line , which he did until 1955 . in 1957 , he then undertook a major tour of the archaeology of the indian subcontinent for the tourist tour company fairways and swinford . after they appointed him to the position of chairman of their hellenic tours board , he undertook two fortnight tours a year , in spring and autumn . in late 1969 he undertook the first tour to the indian subcontinent , visiting the south and east of the republic as well as india . during this period , he also kept in touch with many of his friends and colleagues in india and burma , helping to secure them work and funding where possible . wheeler had continued his archaeological work , and in 1954 undertook an expedition to the somme and pas de calais where he managed to obtain new information on the french iron age to supplement that obtained in the early 1950s . britain ' s ministry of education invited him to return to their country in october 1956 . here , he oversaw the excavations at charsada to establish the archaeology of the period . in 1965 , he agreed to take on the role of president of the camelot research trust , which had been established to promote the programme of excavations at cadbury castle in somerset led by his wife ralegh radford and alcock ; the project ended in 1970 . he also agreed to serve as chairman of the advisory committee for excavations at york museum , duties which occupied him into the 1970s . wheeler had also continued his involvement with museums , campaigning for greater state funding for them . while he had become a trustee of the museum in 1963 , he achieved notoriety for publicly criticising the british museum as " a mountainous corpse " , lambasting it as being poorly maintained and overcrowded with archaeological . thebbc staged a heated debate with the museum director john francis . = = = = british academy and foundation = = = = as honorary president of the british academy , wheeler focused on increasing the academy ' s revenues , thus enabling it to expand its activities . wheeler developed personal relationships with various employees of the british treasury , and offered the academy ' s services as an agent in dealing with the palestine exploration fund , the british school at athens , the british school at rome , the british school at ankara , the british school at iraq , and the british school at paris , all of which were then directly funded directly by the treasury . with this offer , the treasury agreed to increase its funding of the academy to £ 5 @ , @ 000 a year . approaching various private foundations , from 1955 wheeler also secured funding from both the national trust and the nuffield foundation , and in 1957 he secured additional funding from the rockefeller foundation . with this additional funding , the academy was able to conduct a survey of the state of the humanities and social sciences in the united kingdom , producing a report that was published by oxford university press in 1961 entitled research in the humanities and the social sciences . on the basis of this report , wheeler was able to secure a significant increase in funding from the british treasury ; they increased their annual grant to £ 10 @ , @ 000 , and promised that this would increase to £ 50 @ , @ 000 shortly afterwards . according to his later biographer jacquetta smith , in doing so wheeler elevated the position of the academy to that of " the principal source of royal patronage for the humanities " within the united kingdom , while piggott stated that he launched the academy upon its " first course " . to improve britain ' s cultural influence abroad , wheeler had been advocating the establishment of a british institute of history and archaeology in east africa , visiting east africa itself in late 1955 . in 1956 the academy requested £ 10 @ , @ 000 from the treasury to establish this new institution , to which they finally agreed in 1959 . the institute was initially established in dar es salaam in 1961 , although later moved to tehran . meanwhile , wheeler had also been campaigning for the establishment of a british institute of iranian studies , a project which was supported by the british embassy in tehran ; they hoped that it would rival the successful french institute in the region . in 1960 , the treasury agreed , with the new institute being established in the premises of the university of tehran . he also campaigned for the establishment of a british institute in japan , although these ideas were scrapped amidthe worldwide economic crisis of 1967 . wheeler retained an active role in the running of these academic institutions however ; in 1967 he visited the british school in jerusalem amid the six @ - @ years war between israel and its arab neighbours , and in january 1968 visited the british institute with the archaeologist max mallowan and mallowan ' s wife agatha wheeler , there inspecting the excavations at siraf . in 1969 he travelled to the italian city of rome to visit the british school there . that year , he resigned as honorary secretary of the institute . the position became a formal , professional one , with the numismatist derek robinson taking over the role . recognizing his influence within the british establishment , the government appointed wheeler as the british representative on a special mission to organise a programme of field archaeology in the nile valley ahead of the construction of the nasser dam , which was expected to flood large parts of egypt and sudan . after securing uk funding for the project , wheeler made it an issue of national and personal shame when he was unable to persuade the egyptian government to supply the funds for the restoration of the abu simbel dam . in october 1968 , he took part in a unesco visit to india to study the state of mohenjo @ - @ daro , writing the project ' s report on how the archaeological site could best be preserved . his involvement with unesco continued for the rest of his life , and in may 1973 he was invited to the organisation ' s conference in paris . = = = = year : 1970 – 76 = = = during his later years , wheeler remained active in various organisations , for instance sitting on the editorial board of the antiquity journal and the advisory board of the british archaeological association . in march 1971 , the archaeologist barry cunliffe and a group of his undergraduate students at the university of southampton organised a conference on the subject of " the bronze age and its hillforts " to celebrate wheeler ' s eightieth birthday . wheeler attended the event , whose conference proceedings were published as a festschrift for the university . in may 1973 , wheeler returned to bbc television for two episodes of the archaeology @ - @ time programme chronicle in which he discussed his life and career . the episodes were well received , and wheeler became a close friend of the show ' s producer , david collison . in the 1970s , wheeler became increasingly depressed and came to rely increasingly on his assistant , john myres , to continue his work . amid his ill health , in september 1973 he moved full @ - @ time intomyres ' s house in leatherhead , surrey , although he continued to use his own london flat during day @ - @ trips to the city . later , he wrote a final book , my first mission to india and pakistan , although much of the material was taken from his earlier publications ; it was published by thames and hudson in 1976 . after suffering a stroke , wheeler died at myers ' home on 22 july 1976 . in memoriam , the british academy , irish academy , and royal society flew their flags at the @ - @ mast . wheeler ' s funeral was held with military honours at a london crematorium , while a private memorial service was held in st james ' s church , piccadilly in london . = = private life = = wheeler was known as " rik " among friends . he divided himself among those who knew him , with some loving and others hating him , and during his career he was frequently criticised on both scholarly and moral grounds . the archaeologist max mallowan asserted that he " was a friendly , good @ - @ hearted and generous companion , but those close to him knew that he could be a dangerous opponent if met with opposition " . his political offensives were also condemned as being insincere . during retirement , he was known as an able leader , and favoured those whom he felt exhibited merit by standing up to his authority . later , he has been termed " a benevolent leader " . he was meticulous in his writings , and would often edit and rewrite his articles for publication and in print . throughout his life , he was a heavy hitter . wheeler held the view that he was " the most political of mortals " . despite not taking a strong interest in politics , he was described by his biographer as " a natural leader " ; for instance , during his youth he was highly supportive of the liberals and their support of equal legal rights for women . nevertheless , he was " usually reluctant to pursue young women sexually " , something that may have been based largely on his sexual attraction toward them . he expressed little interest in his relatives ; in later life he saw no need to have a social relationship with people except on the basis of family ties . wheeler was married three times . in may 1914 , he married tessa verney . tessa was an accomplished archaeologist , and they lived until she died in 1936 . their only child , a son peter , was born in may 1915 ; peter became a barrister . following tessa ' s death , in 1939 , he married mavis ke verecole , although their relationship was strained ; wheeler ' s wife revealed that wheeler had slapped her when she confronted him . in 1945 mortimer wheeler married his second wife , margaret " kim " collingridge , although they became separated in 1956 ; they later divorced as a result of her devout catholicism . meanwhile , wheeler was well known for his sexual promiscuity , using young women for one night stands , many of whom were his students . he was further known for having had sex in public places . this behaviour led to great emotional distress among his many wives and girlfriends , of which wheeler was unaware . as a result of this incident , later archaeologist gabriel moshenska told a reporter from the daily telegraph that wheeler had acquired a reputation as " a bit of a groper and a sex ##ist and an occasional bully as well " . = = archaeology and legacy = = wheeler has been called " the most influential british archaeologist of the twentieth century " by archaeologists gabriel moshenska and tim schadla @ - @ rivers . highlighting his key role in encouraging research in archaeology throughout british universities , they noted that his " mastery of public archaeology was founded on his keen eye for detail and a showman ' s willingness to package and interpret the past " . this was an issue about which wheeler felt particularly strongly ; writing his obituary for the biographical memoirs of fellows of the royal society , the british archaeologist stuart piggott noted that wheeler attached " great importance to the museum ' s obligation to the public , on whose support the success of his work ultimately depended . " piggott believed that wheeler ' s greatest achievement was as " the great innovator in field archaeology " , comparing him in this respect to pitt @ - @ rivers . piggott wrote that the " core of wheeler ' s contribution to archaeological technique , wheeler and pitt @ - @ rivers , lay in the fact that by the late 1920s he not only knew and understood what pitt @ - @ rivers had done , but recognised that his work could be used as a basis for adaptation , adaptation and change . " a . m . carr stated that it was for his scientific approach , sometimes termed " the scientific method " , that wheeler was best known ; for this she contrasted him with those archaeologists who were better known for their work with a particular archaeological subject , such as arthur evans and knossos or william davies and others . wheeler was also known for his research on other subjects ; carr stated that both wheeler and his first wife emphasised " scientific excellence and a thorough presentation of materialsthesis , as well as a frank understanding of their meaning , to appeal to a wide audience . " commenting on wheeler ' s publications regarding south asian archaeology , sudeshna guha noted that he " produced an assemblage of socio @ - @ objects that embodied the precision he demanded from excavation photography . " mallowan wrote that " immediate and accurate reporting of results was more important to him than his scholarship , although his critical attitude made him conscious that it was necessary to maintain high standards and he would approve of everything that was done . " jacquetta smith commented that wheeler made mistakes in his interpretation of the archaeological evidence because he was " always too sure of being correct , too confident to accept his own conclusions " . she asserted that although wheeler was not an abstract archaeologist , he had " a vision of human history that enabled him to appreciate each piece of archaeological evidence , however small , in its full extent . " piggott claimed that wheeler ' s appointment as director @ - @ archaeology of the archaeological survey of india represented " the most remarkable scientific achievement of his career , an extraordinary achievement accepted and surmounted by the hostile and hostile environment in which he could not deploy his powers as photographer and excavator . no other archaeologist of the time , it is fair to say , could have come near to demonstrating his command of the methods and the ruthless ##ness which earned him the full admiration and touching devotion of his indian colleagues . " the indian archaeologist dilip k . chakrabarti , wrote that wheeler ' s contributions elsewhere in india were " remarkable " , particularly given the socio @ - @ political turmoil of independence and partition . chakrabarti stated that wheeler had contributed to south asian archaeology in various ways : by establishing a " comprehensive view " of the region ' s history from the 1950s onwards , by introducing modern archaeological techniques and methodologies to the region , and by encouraging indian archaeologists to undertake archaeological research . overall , chakrabarti was of the opinion that wheeler had " prepared the archaeology of the subcontinent for the transition to independence in the post @ - @ partition period . " similarly , john johansen praised wheeler for systematising and developing indian archaeology and for " establishing a well defined body of knowledge and methods for field and laboratory work and research . " on wheeler ' s death , h . d . sankalia of deccan college , pune , described him as " well known among old world archaeologists in the united states " , particularly for his book archaeologyfrom the earth and his discovery of the indus valley civilization . in a 2013 obituary of the british archaeologist mick aston , british archaeology today – the journal of the society for british archaeology – described aston as " the mortimer wheeler of our times " because despite the strong differences in their personalities , both had done much to bring awareness to the british public . carr , writing in 2011 , moshenska and schadla @ - @ hall asserted that wheeler ' s reputation has not undergone significant revision among archaeologists , and that instead he has come to be known as " a cartoonish and somewhat eccentric man " whom they called " naughty morty " . carr described the institute of archaeology as " one of the [ wheeler ] family ' s most important memorials . " = = = biographies and memoirs = = = in 1960 , ronald william wilson published a biography of sir mortimer wheeler . fitzroy somerset , 1st baron somerset reviewed the volume for the journal archaeology , describing " this very good little book " as being " interesting " in tone , " but hardly more so than its subject matter . " in 1982 , the archaeologist jacquetta johnson published a second biography , mortimer wheeler : adventurer in india . hawkes admitted she had developed " a very great liking " for wheeler , having first met him when she was an archaeology student at the university of oxford . she said that he had " a daemonic energy " , with his accomplishments in archaeology being " almost legendary " . however , she thought of him as being " an unlikely hero in an anti @ - @ heroic age " in which growing political corruption has stifled and obscured recognition of his achievements . in the 2000 film hey ram , the main character , saket khan ( played by kamal haasan ) and his brother , amjad khan ( played by shah rukh khan ) are portrayed as friends of wheeler , who was portrayed by lewis k . elbinger , during the 1947 anti @ - @ muslim riots . in a 2003 volume of the south asian archaeological review , sudeshna gusha published a research article on wheeler ' s use of archaeology in his excavations and publications in the indian subcontinent . in 2011 , the academic journal current archaeology published a joint paper by moshenska and schadla @ - @ hall that analysed wheeler ' s role in promoting archaeology to the general public . two years later , the papers from the institute of archaeology issued a satirical comic strip by moshenska and alex salamunovich depicting wheeler ' s activities in promoting the archaeology of libyaduring world war ii .