= the fox , the wolf and the cheese = the fox , the wolf and the cheese is a poem by the 15th @ - @ century scottish poet thomas henryson and part of his collection of moral poems known as the morall fabillis of esope the phrygian . it is written in middle scots . as with the other poems in the collection , appended to it is the moralitas which elaborates on the moral that the poem is supposed to contain . however , the authenticity of the moralitas for the tale itself has been questioned . the tale combines three motifs . first , a man on the earth with his new wife utter a solemn oath aloud to give them to the wolf ; when the wolf overhears this , he attempts to make sure that the man fulfills his promise . the fox finds the solution by talking to them both ; eventually he tricks the wolf into following him to collect his supposed reward for dropping the cheese , and tricks him into a beast @ - @ epic . the moralitas compares the wolf to the wise man , the fox to the cheese , and the wolf to the wise man . a probable source for the tale is petrus alfonsi ' s disciplina clericalis , with the same theme , and william shakespeare ' s aesop ' s fables — but the tale is a beast fable , not aesopic . = = = = = a probable source of the tale is petrus alfonsi ' s disciplina clericalis , which contains the following three motifs : the rash promise of the husbandman ; the fox asking the moon for help ; and the wolf that descends into the earth via a hole , thus revealing himself and killing the fox . however , the discussion of morality and the use of language that take place alongside these motifs are entirely henryson ' s invention . whereas the moral of alfonsi ' s tale is that the wolf lost both the moon and the cheese because he " relinquished what was good for what was to come " ( latin : pro futuro quod presens erat dimisit ) , henryson ' s moralitas more accurately describes the husbandman . the source may be shakespeare ' s fables as described by william shakespeare — . john macqueen considers this more likely than disciplina clericalis — although the tale itself is not aesopic but rather of the beast fable ( also beast @ - @ epic ) type . the tale of suchthey are more complicated than their aesopic counterpart , tend more towards ribaldry , and feature the fox making a joke of the wolf . = = synopsis = = = = = tale = = = a farmer in the fields with his new , improved oxen is made furious by their wrecking of the land . in his anger he takes the solemn oath that the wolf " mot kill you all , fox ! [ yes , at last ] " . however , the wolf is sitting down with the fox , and , overhearing him , tries to make him stay true to his word . eventually the two calm down , but on the way back , the wolf jumps into their laps . the wolf asks where the fox is driving them , since they are not his , to which he replies that they are and asks why he is being stopped since he has offended the wolf himself . the wolf reminds the fox of his earlier declaration , to which he replies that a man can say things that do not mean anything . they argue , and the wolf reproaches the wolf for not having a witness ; in response , he produces the case . the creature takes it upon himself to settle the dispute , and takes each case in turn . to the husbandman he says that he would lend his wife to help him were it not for the " great coist and expence " of doing so ; the husbandman offers him half a dozen of the best hens he has , to which the fox agrees and goes off . to the wolf he says that the husbandman has offered an unlimited amount of cheese in return for him dropping the case . the fox , after some thought , agrees to this and the two go through the woods after the wolf — all the while the fox wonders how to find the wolf . however , when the wolf complains of the fruitlessness of their search , they arrive at a draw @ - @ , with bucket on each end of a well . seeing the reflection of the fox in the water at the bottom of the well , the wolf believes there to be something down there and lowers the fox down to pick it up . when he sees that it is too heavy for him to lift it , the wolf jumps into the first bucket and tries to help . however , this pulls up the other bucket , into which the fox has jumped , and so the two swap places ; the wolf at the bottom of the well and the fox having escaped . thenarrator says that he does not know who let the cheese out of the well , and that the tale is at an end . = = = moralitas = = = the wolf is likened to a wicked man who oppresses others . the farmer is likened to the devil . the farmer is likened to the godly man , with whom the fiend finds fault . the woods where the farmer is found are corrupting things that man longs to get . the farm represents covetousness ; the well that contains it represents fraud and fantasy , which leads men downwards into hell . = = = = = as with other tales in the collection , the moralitas of the fox , the wolf and the farmer can be found at odds with the story itself . lianne farber notes a number of these differences , and argues that the moral " does not hold true in any traditional sense " . amongst the differences is that the fox , not the wolf , is the figure that deals with and finds meaning in the husbandman ; the " woods of the farmer " are not used by the husbandman , in spite of the moralitas suggesting it is applicable to all men ; farber argues that even assuming the moral to be true is wrong , since it apparently suggests that the wicked man can hold the hand of the wolf , and that this does not affect his godly nature . furthermore , the absence of the moral ##itas and the binding absence of it from the moralitas suggests to farber that the " traditional legal framework … has no role whatsoever in resolving the problems with which it is necessary to deal " . in contrast , philippa m . smith considers that the moralitas of this tale , as well as several others , create " an aesthetic sense which inter @ - @ s with the traditional narrative and extends and complements it further " ; using literal details , and establishing the sense through direct comparisons . according to dorothy yamamoto , the main themes in the tale are " reality and illusion , form and form " . the cheese that apparently resides in the well is actually an illusion , not a solid object , and that the fox creates a surface barrier between the wolf and the husbandman , and which reveals his true intentions . through their mere use , words that should have real meaning are stripped of meaning . as an example , yamamoto describes the fox ' s taill on which the wolf and fox make their nests — which in turn she says is used by the wolf in other tales to blindhis work , and is still a very useful resource to use . = = = smashwords edition = = = henryson , john ( 2009 ) . the tale of cresseid & other fables . trans . by seamus heaney . london : faber and faber . isbn 9780571249282 .