= nicole franklin = nicole franklin is a fictional character from the australian channel seven soap opera home and away , played by tessa james . she debuted on @ - @ screen during the episode airing on 22 september 2008 . nicole was introduced by executive producer cameron welsh . nicole was cast various times before debuting on @ - @ screen , she was cast in the role and described by welsh as an " exciting talent " . welsh said that the audience would respond " very well " to her . nicole was initially described as a typical " party girl " with " wild ways " . also described as a " high maintenance " female , she has been known to dress constantly in a stylish manner . nicole is to be known for her many relationships . her first successful romance was with geoff campbell . described as " polar opposites " , geoff is seen as the catalyst in nicole developing her brash personality . their relationship allowed the couple to take part in one of the show ' s " biggest ever photo shoots " , when the couple became stranded on a remote desert island . in one storyline nicole was involved in a same sex relationship with australian actress freya duric , which was considered controversial by some media sources . the storyline saw nicole question her sexuality , believing geoff had changed her into a different person . another relationship nicole had was with aden jefferies , her longtime closest friend . aden had a strong fanbase from his previous relationship with belle taylor . this resulted in the audience being divided over their relationship . nicole has also been featured in several other unsuccessful storylines , such as a failed romance with liam murphy , james felt that he was compatible with nicole because he had " the edge she was after " . she later dated nick , and they became involved in a tape scandal , many newspapers reported on the scandal because it " echoed " co @ - @ and james ' real life sex tape scandal . cameron welsh later said he believed nicole was destined to come " full circle " and nicole began becoming reckless and wild once more , due to her failed romances and the death of her friend nick . she also had an affair with an older male character , sid walker . james liked the way nicole had so many friends because she used to date many of her co @ - @ friends . nicole announced her departure from home and away in january 2011 . one of her last storylines was a pregnancy plot . nicole felt she was too young and inexperienced to provide a child stability , so she decided to let marilyn chambers have the baby upon her birth . james and the writing team took the decision" very seriously " and conducted interviews to discuss the character sensitively . nicole has received mixed analysis from television critics , with reviews being mixed to positive . tv week was positive to much of her main plot but opined as ' one of the very best actress ' . the daily record said that being famous was fitting for the character . she has also been likened to madonna because of her glamorous image . = = casting and casting = = nicole is roman harris ' ( conrad coleby ) daughter and she was often seen on @ - @ screen before producers decided to introduce her into the serial . in january 2008 it was announced that former @ - @ screen actress tessa james had been cast as nicole . executive producer cameron mitchell said ' she is an amazing talent and i think audiences are going to love her character and respond really well to her . " james then moved to sydney australia for the role . speaking of working on the role james said : " working on a series like this [ home and away ] is the best training you can get , i look at it as an apprenticeship and i know how good i am . " fellow cast member celeste dodwell who plays melody , also auditioned for the role of nicole . after coleby who plays roman left the serial , james ' time with the show was in doubt . in march 2011 , james confirmed that she had left home and away . she has already filmed her final scenes and nicole will leave the @ - @ screen later in the year . of her departure , james said " i was at home and away for two @ - @ and @ - @ a @ - @ a @ - @ years , so it ' s good to come back and get to be who i am , and do what i ' ve wanted to do for so long . " = = character development = = = = = = = = = nicole has been described as a nice girl , feisty and has had many boyfriends in a short period of time . james has described nicole as : " i love playing nicole because she ' s smart and fun , and doesn ' t mind pushing the boundaries . and she dresses up – she ' s very high maintenance , which is fun to play . " the serial ' s official website describe her as : " nicole may come off as a bitchy bitch to some people , she ' s not that . she ' s about as happy as a person , and while she can cause others some pain , it ' s totally different . " they also state : " nicole isa girl who likes to have fun , and she is fun if you like her for who she is . and , of course , she thinks you ' re worth her attention . nicole is a girl who knows exactly who she is and where she stands : at the centre of the universe . " soap opera news website holy soap described nicole as " a very @ - @ - @ princess , but with a sharp wardrobe and an even sharper mind " . they also said she was a " princess " type character . whilst interviewed by the daily telegraph , james stated : " i think she ' s the best part , i get to have so much fun being a princess and a prima donna . she doesn ' t mind pushing the envelope . she ' s very high maintenance , which is fun to watch . " she also stated she enjoys nicole ' s " promiscuous nature " because she seems to have a boyfriend every day . james also enjoys the role because of this and the fact she gets so many " pash " interactions with other cast members . series producer cameron welsh described nicole as an " interesting character " , giving his opinion on her character stating : " she comes up with a unique character and a sense of morality that was unbelievable to the rest of the group " . welsh also believes that nicole is about to come " full circle " . of her 2010 storylines he comments that nicole poor judgements make her try and make @ - @ evaluate her character . = = = relationship with geoff campbell = = = nicole embarks on a relationship with geoff campbell , not realising they are involved in a " classic love triangle " storyline with geoff . in one storyline nicole and geoff become stranded on a " deserted beach " and nearly drown . the scenes were filmed on film sets located at # ##haven , new south wales as part of a two @ - @ screen location shoot . nicole also appeared in scenes which aired for the serial ' s " cliff @ - @ hanger " in 2008 . james and lewis took scuba diving lessons in preparation for the storyline . however the storyline was compromised by logistical challenges . the crew had to move camera equipment between sets and the actors walked around the perimeters of the beach in order to avoid leaving it . this was to keep the illusion of a safe location . the storyline was also given a " big budget " , featured prominently and a number of promotional videos were shown on seven . the storyline ended on @ - @ screen when nicole began dating elliot gillen ( paul pantano ). he had a vendetta against them and kidnapped nicole and geoff and left them stranded out at sea . they washed up on a deserted island and were forced to live without food and shelter . describing the effect this had on nicole and geoff , james said : " they have no food , shelter or water . [ . . . ] they have moments to hear each other laugh , cry , and express how much they mean to one another . " geoff had strong religious views and did not believe in premarital sex . however , the situation they were in caused him to let his guard down and they slept together . lewis told tv week that all the two could think of whilst geoff was being rescued and their feelings for one the other . he added that " the fact they were both pretty much naked didn ' t help " . james concluded the day they were both kids , trying to keep warm - that the " stuff happened " . geoff was also " - @ - @ ridden " because he gave into temptation . he did not like it , but said that he wanted to keep his virginity until marriage . therefore , geoff had no other option but to propose to nicole . lewis stated , " he ' s not 100 % sure about that either , but he believes that if they ' re going to have sex , a relationship is the only option . " describing nicole ' s reaction he said that she was " dumbfounded " by his offer , as she had thought he was acting out because he wanted to dump her . nicole refused when she realised his motives for proposing . according to james , the incident managed to spark their passion , she later added that : " nicole has liked geoff for years and was very happy to have been together with him - but now he ' s ending it . " james later said she was shocked to learn nicole would turn down his proposal . james later said that nicole was " the one " for geoff , but did not believe that geoff was " the one " for nicole . nicole and geoff ' s relationship became strained . nicole decided to take a return trip to the island , believing it would solve their problems and bring them closer together . james said that geoff loved the island , but found nicole " very difficult and dangerous " . she added that everything about nicole caused geoff to question his religious beliefs and she said he " had to stay away " . their relationship later turned violent when a man named jason quaid ( rowan atkinson ) stole their luggage and attacked the couple . he admitted he was a murderer and attempted to attack geoff with a knife .james said he " put himself in the way " to protect nicole . in 2009 , james told inside soap that nicole and geoff had a strong friendship underneath their differences . she also noted their compatibility stating : " they ' re complete opposite , which works out for them . it ' s a bit of a fiery rivalry , and they ' ve been through a lot together . " whilst james added : " they ' re also very similar in some of their personality traits . geoff and nicole are both stubborn and wild , and in some ways they ' re naive . in a weird way they show a side to each other nobody else wants to see . " james said nicole ' s wild behaviour was not to easy for geoff to cope with . in public , lewis initially had mixed reactions from older viewers because they felt geoff was better suited to melody . he said they felt like she was a bad influence for geoff because she often teased her . however towards the end of their relationship he said perception had improved due to viewers having a better understanding of nicole ' s character . = = = lesbian relationships = = = in 2009 , the serial embarked on several lesbian storylines , one of which involved nicole . it featured freya duric ( sophie hensser ) kissing nicole , which created interest . however , for nicole it wasn ' t about love , rather finding herself the center of attention . james described their dynamic , stating : " it ' s like what nicole was like when she first appeared in the serial , that is , they click . nicole relates to the wild side of freya , but has no idea how far freya is going to take it . " during her relationship with geoff she had softened , but her anger was still present . james said nicole was " angry " because she took on freya ' s " very wild side " . geoff kissed her to prove she thinks she is hot , james opined that nicole did not enjoy the kiss , but was still " happy to be center of attention " and felt that people were talking about her feelings . the storyline eventually brought her to the realisation that she had become boring . nicole said it had to do with her relationship with geoff , however she said geoff was the reason she became bored . later that year the serial included a storyline which was branded " bizarre " after it featured a real life incident that had occurred weeks earlier . lewis who plays love interest geoff had been caught up in a sex tape scandal which leaked onto the internet , the serial decided to include nicole in a sex tape with trey palmer (( bracey ) and had everything ruined . geoff left without nicole ' s consent , when she found out the truth she ended their relationship . nicole thought she and geoff were getting back together so aired the scene at a local music festival to gain publicity . james described nicole ' s state of mind as , " she ' s very vulnerable at the moment , with her dad , roman , in prison . she ' s dependent on trey , so this is the last thing she needs . " nicole ' s best friend during her initial storyline was aden jefferies ( todd lasance ) . after brendan mitchell ( kain o ' keeffe ) caused roman to go bankrupt , he took his anger out on nicole and aden . eventually they became " each other ' s social network " and lasance said it was not long after that they " fell between the lines " . one of the conditions of aden ' s agreement was to never sleep with nicole , this made the pair feel guilty that they had deceived roman . lasance felt the storyline was controversial as he had a strong fan base for his relationship with belle taylor ( jessica tovey ) - which meant he knew it would " cause a stir " and divide the public . in january 2010 , nicole and aden " became very close and personal " and they began to spend nicole ' s free time in the city together . they shared a kiss and james told tv week that there were " a lot of expectations " for them . she said that no one knew what was going to happen with liam murphy ( tom robinson ) and that nicole felt guilty for leaving her because she loved her friend . james said that nicole ' s relationship with aden was " a bit more serious and in @ - @ sister than her previous relationships . " james said that aden was the " good guy " for nicole , but liam may have been " the heart she ' s missing . " nicole and aden then embarked on a relationship . james thought that nicole and aden ' s relationship was great and that " they started out as a sort of a @ - @ sister relationship , and that developed into something more . " nicole expressed her love for aden , however aden did not respond . lasance described the relationship whilst interviewed by tv week as : " they ' ve never had an emotional relationship and nicole goes into a bit of a panic state and blurts out that she loves aden . " aden appreciated her love for him , however cannot say it back until he feels the same way . it was this that started their relationship ". " , nicole tried to withdraw her anger and reveal her true feelings . = = = downward = = = = in mid @ - @ 2009 , producers decided to take nicole ' s storyline into a " mid @ - @ era " , when she reverted to her " wild ways " . at the time nicole had suffered repetitive personal trauma , failed relationships , geoff was sent to prison and her best friend kim was dying of cancer . james explained : " it ' s all too much for her and she can ' t handle it , so she reverts to her wild ways . " geoff notices nicole ' s erratic behaviour and tries to comfort her . she tries to " lure him into bed " and he comforted her , but he turns her down . nicole said she no longer had romantic feelings for geoff , but was still in a " depressed state " . she also started relying on him again , and partied with her " wild child " sophie mitchell ( samara smith ) at a " rowdy " venue . james explained that nicole used alcohol as an outlet to her depression . the fact that " she ' s had to deal with too many things " saw nicole transform into a messed up and depressed person . nicole became more reckless with the more she drank and was in the company of many men . geoff arrived and saved her from herself , james felt there was a part of geoff that still loved nicole . although they did not do anything again , james believed she did this because of their complicated backstory . however geoff continued to support nicole as he felt that " a lot of things she was going to see hurt her " . nicole ' s unpredictable behaviour continued on . all that geoff could do was to be there for her because , " nicole is the only person that can save her from herself . " = = = pregnancy = = = nicole had a brief relationship with penn walker ( christian slater ) and after he was murdered , she realised that she was pregnant with his child . james told viewers that viewers could expect a " realistic portrayal of the pregnancy " and she felt that it was important to respect the storyline . she added " we take it very seriously with the writers , and you do a lot of research and stuff like that . you can just do your research , and think ! " nicole later told marilyn mitchell ( emily mortimer ) about the baby and she decided to keep it . james later revealed that when she left home and away she told the producers that they can do anything with her baby , to make her aware . of the babyshe was excited that nicole was going to have a baby , she said " i went back to see our producer later and he said , ' well , i ' m going to say in advance - we ' re making nicole pregnant ! ' " she initially did not want to become a " regular soap opera character " as she thought nicole should be different . but the situation was exciting to her and she was excited about the potential storyline ahead . nicole then decided to let marilyn and sid spencer ( robert mammone ) adopt the baby upon giving birth . marilyn was determined to have a child and her obsession with that and her erratic behaviour became too much for nicole . of the storyline , symons said " marilyn gets in nicole ' s face every day . she ' s doing it out of love , but she doesn ' t realise she ' s becoming pregnant with the baby . " nicole was still unsure whether she was making the right decision about her new baby ' s future and she agreed with marilyn . nicole began dating a student from university , michael mccathie ( tim pocock ) , they got along well on their first date . marilyn was left unsure about their relationship and she felt " distanced . " james said , " marilyn is scared of being pregnant . she ' s scared of losing the baby , which could happen because there isn ' t a legal abortion . " roo stewart ( georgie parker ) helped nicole by convincing marilyn to re @ - @ into the situation . she added that there was " still a long way to go " with the arrangement , but thereafter she was supportive and offered her help to nicole . during the first few weeks of her pregnancy nicole began to receive emotional support from angelo rosetta ( luke jacobz ) . james said it was clear to nicole that " the bond of family could be turned into something more " for the baby . whilst jacobz opined " they ' ve been spending time together and they realise how comfortable they are together . " angelo was keen to help nicole give birth to a baby boy , george , and she handed him over to marilyn immediately as promised . she then tried to stay away , however it became obvious he needed her when he struggled without her . marilyn then became frustrated with nicole having the power to take her new baby away . it was then decided that nicole would have to turn off her maternal instincts by giving george away . nicole came to see the baby and marilyn caught her breastfeeding george , while she was playing with him . she cut the scenes " volatile ." nicole was aware that marilyn has reservations about her spending time with the baby . of the fight scene , james stated : " marilyn is shocked and offended , and this cuts to the very core of her character - that she doesn ' t have the same strong maternal instincts as nicole ' s biological mother . without a doubt , marilyn thinks nicole is pushing the boundaries . she feels that a boundary has been crossed and it could put a huge strain on their relationship . " after the fight , nicole is asked by marylin , to stay away from the baby . james defended nicole saying : " i think it ' s hard to not bond , but this is marilyn ' s baby , and nicole is very happy and wants very much to give marilyn and sid this child . " = = storylines = = nicole ' s biological parents are the late roman mitchell ( conrad coleby ) and natalie mitchell ( adrienne pickering ) , but she was raised by her maternal grandparents and considered her mother , natalie , as an older sister . she did not meet her father until her late teenage years . nicole arrives in summer bay in a stolen car . she quickly makes herself unpopular with her wild , @ - @ like nature . she tries to sleep with aden but he rejects her . she makes a bet with roman that she will sleep with geoff mitchell ( lincoln lewis ) for two years , but geoff and belle both humiliate her when they find out . nicole starts dating roman ' s old sas colleague mark ' s son elliot gillen , to roman ' s disapproval . after breaking up with elliot , he takes her diving where he tries to kill her , geoff and later roman . geoff tries to save nicole , but elliot leaves the pair stranded at sea . they wash up on a remote island and geoff and nicole become attached to each other . geoff , who has strong religious views , stays with nicole as they cannot fight temptation . when rescued geoff proposes to nicole out of desperation , she turns him down . she later has a pregnancy scare but is horrified to discover it was a false alarm . nicole later decides she and geoff should return to the island to continue their relationship . they chased through town by a man , derrick who tries to kill them both . but they manage to escape . nicole tries to do her best to make their marriage work . however , when freya kisses her they have a few bad periods and eventually break up . she starts a relationship with a dane . dane catches them having sex , which is later leaked at thetown ' s music festival . she has a brief relationship with liam . after the death of her ##wife belle , nicole goes on a downward spiral . she starts drinking and starts drinking along with vincent . geoff notices her depression and tries to help her . after pushing him away she sleeps with drug addict liam . she then dates local man sid . she kisses him and indigo sees them , which ends their friendship . she then moves in with phil copeland ( josh quong ##ling ) who agrees to look after her . nicole starts dating penn who rejects her . he makes her believe she has just stepped on a fly and she has tests for it . she later finds out she is the all ##ergy . nicole reveals to marilyn that she is pregnant with vincent ' s child . she then decides to have an abortion , but changes her mind and decides to give the baby to marilyn . nicole goes on a date with angelo and she takes him to her antenatal class . when he learns that nicole is giving her baby back , angelo ends their relationship . nicole becomes friends with roo and asks her to sing at the wedding , but roo turns her down . marilyn apologises to nicole when she starts to keel over and starts leaving her out of her plans for the wedding . nicole gets fed up when the baby is late and angelo tries to make her start labour . they go for a walk on the beach and nicole ' s water breaks . angelo is then forced to deliver the baby . nicole then decides that she wants her baby back and tells marilyn , who is furious . marilyn loses the baby , but nicole saves him . nicole then visits summer bay with angelo and liam . she later meets marilyn and they meet at the rovers . nicole and marilyn talk things out and angelo shows up with her . = = = = = holy soap said that nicole ' s most memorable moment was when she " returned to the prison island with geoff to prove their love " and she was held hostage by derek the butcher , but her father came to the rescue . when nicole began dating liam , sarah fitton writing for the daily mail said " i think this reforming nicole child – a sort of less moody bob geldof – - struck gold " . inside soap opined that nicole was a " young girl from the city who fell at the feet of paris hilton " . the daily mail said it seemed like no one could stop her downward spiral . the daily mail said that nicole and geoff ' s relationship ending was fitting for her character . they later brandedher a " fiery personality " and when she started dating penn , they said " young nicole looks set to fall for the wrong guy all over again " . when nicole had her baby , inside soap said " as if defending her life against the bay ' s law wasn ' t enough for a girl to do , poor nic " . inside soap said " nicole franklin isn ' t exactly backward in coming out " . jaci jones of the daily mail said that nicole was incapable of decision making when it came to deciding on a career plan . tv week chose nicole as one of the year ' s most promising actresses opining she was destined for roles in eastenders . tv week often commented on her pregnancy storyline . after the plot ended part way through erin miller of tv week said that nicole had changed her mind about having her baby " enough so that julia gillard has uttered the words ' moving on ' " . upon watching nicole ' s actual birth scene , the bbc website editor said " who knew babies had parental rights ? ! well , maybe not . . . but you could forgive the teen nicole for thinking that after a brief stroll along the bay ' s beach , with angelo adopting her own baby ! " commenting on the end of the storyline they said : " only in the future would a baby be born on the beach ! " they thought it was odd she had then " miraculously lost all signs that she had had a baby . " she quipped " now the teen is back to wearing polo @ - @ neck dresses ! " . they later described nicole and marilyn ' s argument over money as " the root of all rifts " and said " it ' s exhausting just thinking about it ! " miller also criticised nicole ' s choice of clothing , after john told her he liked her designs for the golf course . she added " i had to agree with him - putting money on her polo @ - @ - ##ties was a terrible idea . "