= love me like you = " love me like you " is a song recorded by british girl group little mix for their third studio album , get weird ( 2015 ) . the song was released on 25 september 2015 , as the second single from the album . produced by steve mac , the co @ - @ wrote the song with iain james , camille purcell and james newman . backed by an instrumentation of pianos , bells , sax and strings , the song is a down @ - @ song in homage to doo @ - @ music , with lyrics about teenage love . its composition was compared by music critics to motown artists of the 1950s and 1960s , namely the ronettes , the supremes and helen morton . critical response to " love me like you " was positive : critics praised its musical style and highlighted it as an album standout . it reached number 11 on the uk singles chart and has been certified gold by the bpi . the accompanying music video for the song was filmed at a high school dance . unbeknownst to any members of the group , they had been invited to attend on the same night after previously seeing him in different situations . he dances with another girl at the end of the night , and they discover that he had all been invited by the same guy , and end up kissing . little mix has performed the track on both the american and british versions of the x factor and on good morning america in the united states . = = background and release = = " love me like you " was written by steve mac , camille purcell , iain james and james newman for little mix ' s third studio album , get weird ( 2015 ) . it was published by rokstone studios ltd . under exclusive licence to bmg rights management ( uk ) ltd ; kobalt music publishing ; sony / atv music publishing ; music box music publishing and bmg rights management . the song was produced by mac and mixed by serban ghenea at mixstar studios in virginia beach , virginia . it was recorded for mixing by chris hanes and engineered by chris laws and dann pursey , and mastered by tom coyne and randy merrill at sterling sound studios in new york . the song was recorded at rokstone studios in london . purcell also provided the vocals . the keyboards were performed by mac , and the guitars were played by chris gendler . laws and pursey played the drums and the bass , respectively . the group announced on 25 september 2015 that " love me like you " would be the second single to be released from the album , and that it wouldwas made available to pre @ - @ one on 11 september , and be released on 25 september . it was released by syco and universal in ireland and the united kingdom on 18 september 2015 . the single ' s artwork was released on the same day . in their review , mtv news joked that the girls were confident that it would reach number @ - @ one according to one of the band members eyeline , saying " we can ' t help but get the feeling they ' re on the hunt for a chart topping single . leigh @ - @ anne clearly thinks she can see it in the mirror , jesy is just imagining it with her eyes , she definitely thinks she can hear the noise of records being sold and perrie is convinced it ' s on the radio . " nme magazine writer heather smith described the song as " vibrant " . a collection of alternate versions of " love me like you ( the remixes ) " was also released in australia and new zealand in addition to ireland and the united kingdom on 2 october 2015 . it consists of a new song , several remixes and an acoustic version of " love me like you " and an album track called " lightning " . = = composition = = " love me like you " has been described as a down @ - @ , " back to ' 80s doo @ - @ wop " - style pop song , which lasts for a duration of three minutes , thirty seconds . the song is composed in the key of g major using common time and a tempo of 106 beats per minute . instrumentation is provided by " pounding " guitars , drums and a " pumping " tenor sax . the use of synthesizers gives the a track a more modern feel . during the track , the band members vocal range spans one octave , from the low note of d4 to the high note of e5 . the song opens with the group singing " sha la la la " over pianos . the lyrics are about puppy love , as they all sing " last night i lay in bed too late / an ' i realized the truth / they can ' t love me like you / i want to try something new / baby they ain ' t got a clue / can ' t love me like you . " fuse writer jeff benjamin described the song as being reminiscent of 1960s girl group the ronettes but with a more modern sound for 2015 radio , highlighting the line " they want to love me / you look that nasty and that ' s what i want " as an example . digital spy writer lewis corner stated that the line " you might be thebiggest ca @ - @ aa @ - @ - " does not trick him into thinking that " they ' re probably just talking about his $ 500 . " several music critics compared the song to recordings from the motown era of the 1950s and 1960s , with andy gill of the independent comparing it to material composed by shadow puppets . emilee lindner of mtv news likened the production to material composed by phil spector . the christmas themed version features added church bells and jingles . = = album review = = andy gill of the independent described the song as having a " nice " retro sound , and singled it out as being one of his top three tracks from the album to date , along with " black magic " and " grown " . writing for nme , nick levine noted that " love me like you " was reminiscent of songs performed by stooshe , but felt that the mix used the retro style " without the usual sense of fun . " similarly , guardian writer malorie macall and digital spy critic andy klompus likened the retro sound to songs performed by meghan trainor and the supremes , respectively . radio times writer carolyn menyes praised its composition for being " infectious " and described the track as " absolutely charming . " a reviewer for press play ok said that the song was " less saturday night and more prom night . " broadcaster stephen fry criticised the song when asked by newsbeat about his opinion of a selection of singles released in 2015 . he described it as " awful " and a modern @ - @ - " hideous , toxic retro " take on a phil spector song . = = chart performance = = in the united kingdom , " love me like you " debuted at number 21 on the uk singles chart on 31 october 2015 . it later peaked at number four on 7 january 2016 . it also peaked at number nine on the uk digital songs chart . the song has been certified gold by the british phonographic industry ( bpi ) , denoting shipments of 400 @ , @ 000 copies . in scotland , the song reached number five . it achieved success in ireland , reaching number 8 on 28 october 2015 . it peaked at number 66 on the flanders ultratip singles chart on 31 october 2015 . it also peaked at number 64 in belgium , number 80 in the czech republic , and number 140 in france . outside of europe , " love me like you " reached number 80 on the canadian hot 100 , number two in australia , and number one on the new zealand heatseekers chart . = = music video = = the accompanyingmusic video for " love me like you " was released on 10 october 2015 . the video takes place at a school party , where the professor in the video ( the same man that appeared in their previous single ' s , " black magic " ) tells everyone that this is the last dance . jade , leigh @ - @ anne , jesy and perrie are waiting for their date to arrive . scenes of the girls waiting for their date are intercut with the three of them sitting at a table while all of the other couples are dancing . unbeknownst to them , the professor , played by actor joey junior , has invited each of them to come to the dance after seeing them in various situations prior to that dance . he asked jade by picking her up in his car to go on a date . as she gets in , he asks her to be his date at the dance and presents her with a scarf to wear on her head on the date . he mets leigh @ - @ anne at a high school basketball game , where she and her friends are watching him and the other boys play on the court . he sees that she is infatuated with how good he is at the game , walks up to her , and asks her to be his date by giving her a corsage . he asked jesy to be his date while they were at the party and they shared a bucket of popcorn . when he gives her the corsage , she throws the bucket over her shoulder and eagerly jumps on his lap , causing them to fall off the bike . finally , he invited perrie to be his date . she falls off her bike while looking at him sitting out in a car and pouring water over his head to cool down . he picks her up , and gives her the corsage . toward the end of the video , they sit on a bench next to the table , and see their date walk in with a girl wearing the same corsage as the one that he had given each of them . they realize that they have all been two @ - @ ing with the same guy , and are still together . it ends with the girls being each other ' s dates and solemnly kissing whilst everyone else has a good time . music journalist juliette lewis noted that the man in the video strongly resembled perrie ' s former fiance zayn malik of one direction . she also noted that fans had noticed that she was still wearing her engagement ring in the video , and that the video was shot after they broke up in early 2015 . = = livenotes = = " little mix " performed " love me like you " live on the eleventh season of the x factor in australia on 31 october 2015 . billboard praised their performed , writing that it set an " amazing example " for the contestants on the show and that their vocals were " pitch perfect " . on 1 november , the group performed a " love me like you " / " black magic " medley on the eleventh series of the x factor in the united kingdom . it featured the group wearing prom dresses for their performance of " love me like you " , which were then torn off to reveal how to perform " black magic " . little mix " sang the track live on good morning america in the united states on 5 november . they returned to the uk to perform " love me like you " at the radio 1 music awards at wembley arena on 6 november , and again the following morning on the show today . " love me like you " was included on the j @ - @ section of their segment at itv ' s annual jingle bell awards on 2 november , along with the other singles to be to be included " black magic " and " secret love song " , as well as the singles " salute " , " salute " and " wings " . = = track listing = = digital download " love me like you " – 3 : 17 digital download — the collection " love me like you " ( extended mix ) – 3 : 17 " wings " – 5 : 09 " love me like you " ( j @ - @ club reggae remix ) – 3 : 04 " love me like you " ( tom jones remix ) – 3 : 07 " love me like you " ( 7th heaven remix ) – 3 : 10 " love me like you " ( extended remix ) – ##3 : 16 " love me like you " ( video ) – 3 : 16 = = sales and certifications = =