= = tower = the gregorian tower ( italian : torre gregoriana ) or tower of the winds ( italian : torre dei venti ) is a clock tower located above the tower of maps , which connects the villa belvedere with the apostolic palace in vatican city . the tower was built between 1578 and 1580 to a design by the bolognese architect ottaviano mascherino ( who is credited with building the apostolic palace ) , to support the study of astronomy for the gregorian calendar reform which was commissioned by pope gregory xiii and completed in 1582 . it is therefore also known as the tower of winds . the tower is now called the " specola astronomica vaticana " , the vatican observatory . four stages of progressive development have occurred since it was first built . the tower was an object of great value for astronomical observations made using the telescope . they were important evidence of the decision to reform the julian calendar . = = = history = = the first stage of building of the tower , as described by leo xiii in his motu proprio ut mysticam of 1891 , is credited to pope gregory xiii , reigning from 1572 to 1585 . the aim was to build the tower at a suitable location in the city and provide it with the " largest and best observatory of the time " . the decision was made by a series of meetings of the commissioners who had been sent to study the julian calendar , in use since 600 ad , to implement their proposed changes . fr . christoph clavius , a jesuit missionary from the dutch republic , was the expert on the committee that selected the new location for the observations . the 73 metres ( 240 ft ) tower was originally located between the museum and palace , flanked by the vatican and della pigna courtyards . the instrument for the measurement of the sun rays falling from it consisted of a meridian circle designed by ignazio danti of perugia . it was in the form of a white marble plate in the centre , decorated with geometric patterns . the tower still remains incomplete , and has undergone modifications over the years . = = second stage = = the third stage of construction in the 17th and 18th centuries , when the tower came under the control of the apostolic administrator , the mgr . filippo luigi gilii , a canon of st . peter ' s basilica . finally in 1797 , pius vi gave approval to place the latin inscription specula vaticana above the entrance to the upper part of the tower , which was signed by giuseppe zeladawith plans to improve the observation quality of the vatican ' s observatory . the gregorian observatory was originally set up above the second stage of the tower with the agreement of pope pius x . the equipment , apart from many other devices ( such as meteorological and astronomical equipment , with a seismograph and a mechanical transit and pendulum clock , ) was noted for the dolland telescope . the telescope facilitated recording of occurrences of stars , transit of comets , satellites of jupiter and jupiter ’ in transit . as an addition , under the patronage of pope pius x , four new clock domes were also built at strategic locations within the 1 @ , @ 300 feet ( 400 m ) of fortification walls , more than a hundred years old . mgr . gilii , highly respected as a man with a knowledge of physics , biology , archeology and the hebrew bible , was in charge of the observatory from 1800 to 1821 . he carried out daily meteorological observations ( twice a day at 6 am and 4 pm ) according to the rules of the italian meteorological society . while the astronomical records for seven years were published , the balance , in a manuscript form was kept in the vatican library . prior to gilii ' s death in 1821 , the observatory on the tower was closed and the records were transferred to the library of the roman college . established in 1787 , it was considered more suitable for making observations than the vatican . = = second stage = = the revival of the observatory on the gregorian tower was initiated by the barnabite francesco denza with the approval of pope leo xiii . high quality instruments were procured , together with generous donations from citizens of london , and the automatic recording instruments were procured from richard in paris . a four @ - @ inch equatorial , a four @ - @ inch astronomical instrument , and two mechanical clocks with two hands , were also purchased from the observatory in modena . in 1888 , the gift of a 16 inch reflecting telescope to pope leo xiii , became a part of the celebrations . father denza joined the observatory in 1889 . it was equipped with more modern instruments . the following year , a second tower was built some 400 metres ( 1 @ , @ 300 ft ) away from the old gregorian tower , overlooking the vatican , at st . peter ' s , on the south @ - @ west side . it was built to a height of 17 metres ( 56 ft ) with a total wall height of 4 @ . @ 5 metres ( 15 ft ) , which could support the weight of a 13 inch photographic refractor ,he arrived from spain . " francisco rodriguez was the first director who held the position of director from 1898 to 1905 . in 1891 , pope leo xiii , promulgating the motu proprio ut mysticam , designated the second tower as the seat of the newly established vatican observatory , a move which required raising the roof to provide a flat terrace for astronomical observations . = = fourth stage = = the fourth stage involved remedying the difficulties of communicating between the two towers during the time of pope pius x . his plans were to make the gregorian observatory into a historical monument and to record and carry out observations at the second tower by linking the two towers along the western bank with a 83 metres ( 272 ft ) long bridge spanning the river . at the west end of this bridge , a 16 @ - @ inch telescope was mounted on a bastion . the east end of the bridge , called the tower of the guards , had a heliograph , with a camera lens , used to photograph the sky ( photoheliograph ) . a new 16 @ - @ inch visual telescope , called torre pio x , was installed in the second tower . as a result of these changes , the original library was moved to the pontifical ##e lincei , and the old observatory and astronomical instruments were moved to the valle di pompei ##i . the new astronomical library was housed in two floors of the tower . the two new repsold plates were used for recording on the astrographic plates . the recorded observations were published along with scientific notes along with the last two volumes of the atlas of rome . charts were printed on the new plates . = = = = = the tower had two floors and a mezzanine . on the first floor was the great sundial room or meridian room , which was originally an open loggia . pope urban viii had it enclosed and it was richly decorated with long panels of frescoes painted between 1580 and 1582 by simon lagi and the two flemish painters paul and matthijs bril . inside the tower has paintings by cristoforo roncalli and matteino da siena . the sundial room , also called the meridian hall , was originally the residence of queen christina of sweden , then forcibly converted to apartments . the room was later enriched by two inventions which gave it its current name : a clock , and a delicate but sophisticated anemoscope which was attached to the ceiling of the meridian room . these were created by ignazio danti , the italian co##smographer , in connection with the julian calendar reform . the sundial consisted of a straight line of white marble running across the floor in a - @ - @ - direction , used to measure the height of the sun at night according to the seasons of the year . the observations made with the clock provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the julian calendar . the anemoscope , in turn , was a mechanical mechanism attached to the tower which was used to measure the strength and direction of the wind but eventually stopped working . the observatory may have contributed to the other name of the tower , tower of the winds ; indeed , the astronomical observatory at athens was also called the tower of the winds and might have been the source for it . the interior walls and ceiling of the tower were richly decorated , in many cases with painted frescoes of the city and the countryside , the sea , religious buildings , the buildings surrounding the area , and naval shipwrecks with survivors in the storm and so forth .