= no . 79 wing raaf = no . 79 wing was a royal australian air force ( raaf ) wing of world war ii . it was established in december 1943 at batchelor , northern territory , as part of north @ - @ western area command . led by group captain charles eaton , the wing comprised four squadrons on - establishment , flying beaufort and b @ - @ 25 mitchell bombers and beaufighter heavy fighters . no . 79 wing took part in the new guinea and north @ - @ western area campaigns during 1944 – 45 , eventually transferring to balikpapan in the netherlands east indies as the allies retreated inland . by the end of the pacific war , the wing was attached to the allied first tactical air force and was made up of nos . 1 and 2 ( netherlands east indies ) squadrons , both flying bombers . the latter transferred to the royal air force in late 1945 , while the former returned to australia where it disbanded the following year . no . 79 headquarters itself disbanded in may 1945 , soon after the end of hostilities . = = history = = no . 79 wing was established at batchelor , northern territory , on 30 november 1943 . its combat units consisted of nos . 1 and 2 squadrons ( flying beaufort and medium bombers ) , no . 3 squadron ( beaufighter b @ - @ range fighters ) , and no . 18 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron ( b @ - @ 25 mitchell heavy fighters ) . the wing was commanded by group captain charles eaton , whose dutch soldiers called him " oom charles " ( uncle charles ) . operating under the auspices of north @ - @ western area command ( nwa ) , darwin , no . 79 wing participated in the new guinea and north @ - @ western area campaigns during 1944 . from 1 – april 1944 , the beaufighters attacked japanese positions , while the mitchells and beauforts bombed targets on a daily basis as a prelude to operations reckless and persecution , the invasion of hollandia and aitape . eaton led a night raid against su , dutch timor , on 21 april . consisting of b @ - @ # ##s , beauforts and beaufighters , the force attacked the town ' s harbour and fuel depot , a raid that earned the personal congratulations of the air commodore commanding nwa , air vice marshal " jack " cole . on the day of the allied landings , 22 april , the beaufort and beaufighters made a daylight raid on dili , portuguese timor . the night attacks on hollandia – aitape met stiff opposition , due in part to the air commodorecaught up to them . in may 1944 , nos . 1 , 18 and 31 squadrons attacked japanese positions on timor , while no . 2 squadron was withdrawn from combat to re @ - @ equip with mitchells . no . 79 wing ' s light and medium bombers suffered from a lack of suitable targets as they had few airfields in forward areas from which to refuel . no . 2 squadron returned to operations with mitchells in june . that month , no . 2 squadron flew 149 sorties , attacking japanese airfields and shipping in the timor area , but lost its commanding officer to anti @ - @ gun fire during one raid . in june – july 1944 , no . 79 wing supported the allied landings on noemfoor . no . 18 squadron was again the wing ' s most active squadron , flying 107 sorties . in august , the beaufighters and bombers attacked japanese shipping and infrastructure between ceram and timor , but suffered nine aircraft and twenty @ - @ six men killed , among them squadron leader wilbur wackett , son of british rubber corporation manager lawrence wackett . at the end of the month , mitchell missions were put on hold while replacement crews were trained . in late 1944 , plans were made to move no . 79 wing from re @ - @ western area command to northern command in papua new guinea , where it would undertake operations against the japanese in new guinea . the wing ' s strength for this move was to be nos . 1 and 18 squadrons , flying bombers , and 120 ( netherlands east indies ) squadron , flying p @ - @ 24 kittyhawks . no . 120 squadron was transferred from no . 79 wing to the australian first tactical air force at morotai in december . the following month , group captain eaton pulled out and was replaced by group captain john ryland . this limited the wing ' s operations until january 1945 . no . 1 squadron was withdrawn to queensland to re @ - @ equip with bombers , with no . 13 squadron , flying venturas , taking up the slack on anti @ - @ shipping missions . the squadron accounted for about half of the p @ - @ eight enemy vessels sunk by no . 79 wing in february , and a similar ratio to the twenty sunk the following month . mitchell operations were scaled back in march , and preparations were made to move the mitchells to jacquinot bay in new britain . on 1 april , all the mitchell aircraft of nos . 2 and 18 squadrons were transferred to the p @ - @ 24 aircraft of no .the wing launched an attack on a japanese convoy that included the cruiser isuzu . the japanese were late for their rendezvous with the mitchells at sumba and the latter , at the very limit of their range , attacked the convoy regardless . they claimed three direct hits without loss , despite heavy @ - @ - fire from the cruiser and other ships , and numerous attacks by enemy aircraft . allied submarines sank the damaged isuzu the next day . the wing ' s proposed move to new britain was cancelled in june 1945 , after the dutch government requested that the allies take over the dutch east indies . no . 120 squadron was transferred to biak , while no . 79 wing and its two # ##s were ordered to move to borneo , under the control of ii tactical air force . by july , no . 79 wing had moved from batchelor to balikpapan , leaving no . 120 squadron under the control of the @ - @ - area command . after the pacific war ended in august 1945 , the mitchells joined those of no . 82 wing repatriating raaf personnel from singapore to australia . no . 82 wing headquarters was disbanded on 8 september . the following month , no . 12 squadron was transferred to the netherlands air force . no . 2 squadron returned to australia in december , disbanded in mid @ - @ 1946 . these were the last two squadrons of the raaf to operate overseas during the war .