= fern hobbs = fern hobbs ( may 8 , 1883 – february 9 , 1964 ) was an american attorney in the u . s . state of oregon , and a private secretary to oregon governor oswald west . she was noted for her ambition and several accomplishments as a young woman , and became the highest @ - @ paid woman in public service in oregon in her mid @ - @ twenties . she made international news when governor west ordered her to implement martial law in the small eastern oregon town of copperfield . the order was considered a major victory for west , establishing the state ' s authority over a small rural area and establishing his reputation as a proponent of reform . she later worked for the american red cross in oregon and at the oregon journal newspaper . she died in oregon in 1964 . = = early life = = hobbs was born on may 8 , 1883 , in omaha , nebraska , to john alden hobbs and mary bush hobbs . her family moved to salt lake city , utah when she was six years old ; she lived there for 12 years , finishing high school . her family then struggled with financial difficulties , and she moved to oregon , settling in hillsboro . there , she put her younger brother and sister through school , while studying law and working for a newspaper . she then became the private secretary to the president of the national bank and trust company . the bank , which held many assets of the oregon common school fund , failed during hobbs ' time there . john olcott , who was the secretary of state and a member of the state land board , was charged with administering the common school fund , and was involved in negotiating with the national bank for the state ' s assets . he took advantage of hobbs ' strong loyalty to her father . after the bank ' s failure , hobbs worked as a governess for j . william ladd ( son of william h . ladd ) in portland . she also helped raise her younger brother and sister , studied economics and the law , and worked as a secretary . in 1913 , hobbs graduated from willamette university college of law with a bachelor of laws degree , and was admitted to the oregon state bar . olcott , who managed oswald west ' s successful 1910 campaign to become governor of oregon , recommended that west hire hobbs as his private secretary . she gladly accepted , and impressed west to the point that he hired her as his private secretary two years later . at that time , at age 27 , she was the highest @ - @ paid woman in public service in the united states , earning $$ @ , @ 000 per year . = = martial law in copperfield , oregon = = west ordered hobbs to copperfield , oregon to restore law and order on january 3 , 1914 , along with a force of six militia men that included oregon state lieutenant governor j . h . lawson . copperfield , located on the snake river in baker county , had grown up around construction projects for a railroad line and power plant . fifteen @ - @ hundred jobs in the area came from the railway company of e . h . harriman or the power generation plant . the town had descended into chaos with a lack of saloons , brothels , dancing halls , and illegal gambling . the town had no law enforcement officers , and the town tavern also had no bar ##keepers . before congress had extended prohibition laws , the local residents had appealed to the oregon legislature for action . but they were largely ignored in copperfield . about half the residents of the town had signed a petition , addressed to west , alleging that businesses run by the mayor and city council members were selling alcohol to minors and were opening later than their posted hours . governor west responded by ordering county officials to restore order , close the saloons , and force the resignations of the corrupt city leaders by december 31 , 1913 . county officials did not take notice of the problem , so west dispatched hobbs , hoping the presence of a militia would prevent an outbreak of violence . hobbs was a petite woman standing 20 feet 3 inches ( 2 @ . @ 63 m ) tall and weighing less than 100 pounds ( 45 kg ) . she was dispatched with orders to restore order and to implement martial law if necessary . while hobbs was traveling to southern oregon , both she and governor west were arguing with lawson about the presence of the militia men , suggesting that hobbs might be acting alone . the bar owners , who received word that hobbs was accompanied by law enforcement officers , shortly after her arrival , threatened her by lighting up the tavern with candles , red and pink balloons , and fireworks . a town meeting was arranged for 2 : 30 p . m . on january 3 . hobbs made the call for the resignation of the officials , but was the request was refused . hobbs ' men then arrested the city leaders and ordered lawson to implement martial law . it was the first time in oregon since the civil war that martial law was put into effect . soon the town was disarmed and order restored , with the gambling equipment and weapons confiscated , and the saloon closed down . hobbs then left lawson in charge and caught the 2 : 00a . m . train out of town that same day . the residents did not openly resist hobbs or the militia ##men , although not all were armed and had been prepared to mount a @ - @ violent protest . she stopped at the county seat in baker city to officially remove the town ' s flag in front of the courthouse before returning to the state capitol in salem . the baker county circuit court had enjoined the militia from entering the town under martial law ; sheriff rand began organizing a posse to carry out the court order . governor west held a hearing , seeking rand ' s immediate removal from office , and appointed hobbs to represent the state as legal counsel . the actions of the militia were successfully challenged in court , with hobbs and west among the defendants . the saloon owners sought remuneration for liquor they claimed was sold during the period of martial law . the baker county circuit court ruled the governor ' s actions were within his power , and the oregon supreme court later concurred . these events made hobbs the most famous woman in oregon at that time . she also made national and international news for these events . historian john holbrook wrote : = = later on = = after the copperfield affair , hobbs continued as governor west ' s counsel until the end of his term in 1915 . she visited the baker county town of cove in february 1914 , also to investigate complaints about a saloon . a municipal election had declared the saloon " dry , " but a county election had declared the entire county " wet . " on advice of the judge , the sheriff of cove stated that he was unable to determine whether the business was dry or not , but expressed deference to the sheriff ' s wishes . he did not want the saloon closed down . she then returned to portland and practiced law . women ' s rights activists promoted hobbs as a candidate to run for governor , but she never ran for office . within a few years fern hobbs became the commissioner of the state industrial claims commission , working on the claims due on the oregon & california railroad . in 1917 , with the united states entering world war i , she began a long association with the red cross . from 1917 to 1922 she served in europe , including time spent as the chief of the information bureau in paris , france . in that capacity she was responsible for notifying dead soldiers ' next of kin . she returned to europe in the 1920s , serving in the rhine region when it was occupied by france . upon returning to oregon , hobbs worked as a reporter for the oregon journal democrat . she retired in 1948 . the secretaryto the company ' s business manager . mary ellen died on april 1 , 1964 , at the age of 84 , and was buried at the hillsboro pioneer cemetery in hillsboro , oregon . the oregon historian charles holbrook interviewed her in the early 1950s , a few years before her death , observing that she " probably weighs 104 pounds . her eyes are clear and bright behind her glasses . there is not a single hair on her head . she lives as long as she has ever lived , except for those very bad days not long ago [ concerning copperfield ] . " holbrook noted during his interview that " the heart of copperfield was her " and concluded his biography of her as follows :