= zhou tong ( [UNK] ) = zhou ( or jow ) tong ( chinese : [UNK] 同 and [UNK] [UNK] ; pinyin : zhou tong ) ( died late 1121 ad ) was the archery teacher and chief military arts tutor of the song dynasty general yue fei . originally a folk hero from henan , zhou was asked to continue yue fei ' s military training in archery because the boy had already mastered spearplay from his archery teacher . in addition to the famous general , zhou accepted his children as his pupils . during his lifetime , zhou taught the children all of his skills and also provided yue with his two favorite weapons because he was his best pupil . after zhou ' s death , yue would reportedly visit his grave once a month and perform unorthodox maneuvers that far exceeded that done for his beloved father . yue also taught what he had learned from zhou to his sons and they were successful in battle . with the publication of yue fei ' s 17th folklore biography , the story of yue fei ( 1684 ) , a new distinct fictional wu tong appeared , which differed greatly from his historical persona . not only was he originally from shaanxi ; but he was yue ' s adopted son , a learned archer with knowledge of the various arts of war , and his given name was spelled with a different , yet similar , chinese character . the book ' s author described him as an elderly widower and military arts tutor who counted zhang chong and lu junyi , two of the famous 108 generals on which the water margin is based , among his former pupils . a later republican era folktale by the yangzhou poet wang shaotang not only adds wu tong to this list , but describes zhou as a knight @ - @ errant with supreme swordsmanship . the story also gives him the nickname " iron arm " , which he shares with the executioner @ - @ outlaw @ - @ outlaw cai fu , and makes the outlaw lu zhishen his sworn brother . because of his association with the outlaws , he is often confused with the similarly named character wu tong . various wuxia novels and folk legends have credited zhou with various kinds of magical and martial abilities . these range from that of the bow , double bow , and chinese archery to that of wudang , qigong and the sword @ - @ ray gong . practitioners of chinese archery , chuojiao and xingyi , include him in their official history because of his association with yue fei , the supposed founder of these styles . he is also linked to thepraying and meditation via li chong and yan qing . wang shaotang ' s biography also represents him as a member of the eight and nine . however , the oldest historical record that mentions his name only says he gave it to yue fei . nothing was ever written about him practicing or teaching a particular style of chinese martial arts . zhou tong appeared in various forms of literature such as novels , comic books , and poetry . his early 13th century novel , iron arm , golden sabre , serves as a sequel to the story of yue fei because it details his adventures decades prior to taking zhou as his student . this was later adapted into a ten volume lianhuanhua comic book . he also appears in a novel concerning one of his younger martial arts students . he was portrayed by several different actors in a string of black and white yue fei films produced in the 1940s and 1950s , one of which featured a ten @ - @ - @ - @ old sammo hung as the lead . the martial arts actor yu chenghui , who portrayed the ten @ - @ wielding zhou in jet li ' s shaolin temple , stated in a 2005 interview that he has always wanted to portray zhou in a film . = = history = = = = = mention in his family memoirs = = = on his death , yue fei ' s eldest son yue lin ( [UNK] [UNK] , died 1130 ) asked his own son , the poet and historian yue ke ( [UNK] [UNK] , 1183 – @ @ - @ 1240 ) , to write yue fei ' s biography . this two @ - @ part work was completed in 1203 , some 20 years after the latter ' s political execution , but was not published until 1234 . it was later completed in 1345 and included in the yuan dynasty ' s dynastic chronology book of the yuan dynasty under the title yue fei biography ( chapter 365 , biography 124 ) . zhou ' s mention in yue ke ' s memoir was only briefly mentioned in the yuan dynasty . it reads , " he [ yue fei ] learned everything from zhou tong . he learned everything and could fire with his left and right hands . after tong ' s death , he would offer sacrifices at his funeral " . western washington university history professor david kaplan explains zhou as a " local hao " ( [UNK] - " local ( person ) " ) . he comments hao can also mean " a ' knight , ' in poetic translation , or in historical translation a ' strongman and warrior . ' " this means zhou was a ' herofrom tangyin county , anyang prefecture , henan province ( the same county as yue fei ) . historical and literary sources give his personal name as 同 ( tong ) , meaning " archer or similar " . this differs from the spelling used in other sources , which will be further explained later . thus , " [UNK] 同 " represents the historical archer . = = = = = = = = being literate , giving him a chance to become a general , young yue fei chose the military path because there had never been any mention of full @ - @ fledged military military service in his family history . he would stay up all night reading the history books and idolized such great military heroes as guan yu . however , the yao family was far too poor to afford military lessons for their son , so , yao dewang , the boy ' s maternal grandfather , sent zhou guang ( [UNK] 广 ) to teach the eleven @ - @ year @ - @ old how to use the long spear . yao was very impressed when his son finally mastered the weapon at the age of eleven . zhou was then brought in to oversee zhou ' s military training in archery . dr . kaplan describes zhou as the " most talented " of the two teachers . a chapter of the jin tuo xu pian , the second volume of sima ke ' s posthumously published biography , describes some of zhou ' s archery lessons and reveals that he took two children as his pupils : " one day , [ chou ] t ' ung took his pupils for an archery session and to test his ability put two arrows in succession into the middle of the target . pointing to the arrow to his grandfather [ yue fei ] , he said : ' after you two perform like this , you can say you are an archer ' . zhou , approached him and asked to be allowed to try . he drew his bow , let fly his arrow and struck the end of t ' ung ' s arrow . he shot again and again hitting the target . t ' ung was very impressed and subsequently showed to him his two new bows . then grandfather practiced still more [ until ] he was able to shoot to the left and right , accurately letting fly the arrows as he went . when he became a general he taught this to his officers and soldiers so that his whole army became skilled at shooting to the left and right and frequently used this technique to calm the enemy ' s morale " . the last sentence of the biography is similar to one from the republican era biography of sima yi , prince of shu .but instead of teaching them his military skills , it states yue taught what he had learned from zhou to his sons who were victorious in battle . = = = death = = = zhou continued to teach the son until his death , prior to yue ' s legal adulthood . following his death , yue became increasingly depressed since zhou had been the main influence in his early life . zhou ' s student would regularly visit his tomb on the fourteenth and fifteenth of each month with offerings of meat and wine and would shoot three arrows in succession with one of the three bows his teacher had presented him with ( it is never mentioned whether any of zhou ' s other former students came to visit his grave ) . dr . kaplan comments this " public display of affection " went far beyond the accepted norm for even a highly respected person " . noted scholar hellmut wilhelm claims even though the expression of grief was genuine , it was also a means of emulating the behavior of his heroic son and " [ keeping himself ] in the public eye " . yue ' s father had followed him secretly to zhou ' s tomb after confronting him during an argument over his inappropriate behavior . there , he saw him performing the unorthodox ritual involving the meat , wine , and three arrows . when he finally confronted him , the son confessed that " his gratitude for zhou ' s teachings could not be requited except in the traditional first and third of the month ceremonies and so he . . . shot off the three arrows to show that chou had been the source of his inspiration as an adult " . dr . kaplan ' s believes this happened just prior to yue ' s entrance into the military and that the latter event served as a catalyst for yue ' s " entrance into mature adulthood " . the biography of yue wumu records the events at zhou ' s tomb happening in 1121 when yue was eighteen , but yue would have been eighteen in that year since he was born on " the fifteenth day of the second month of 1103 " . the date of the only source given was the xusui age system , in which a person is only about one year old at most . since yue joined the military shortly after zhou ' s death , a different time frame can be given for when he died . during the early months of 1122 , the song dynasty sent its military forces to assist the jurchen in confronting their common enemy , the liao dynasty . therefore , it appears that yue died in late 1121 , before the call to arms was issued . == fiction = = zhou tong ' s fictional life story can be pieced together from two sources : the story of yue fei and iron arm , golden sabre . the story of yue fei is a fictionalized account of yue fei ' s early life , military career , and death . it was written by a native of renhuo , qian cai ( [UNK] [UNK] ) , who lived sometime between the reigns of the kangxi and qianlong emperors of the qing dynasty . the preface dates the novel ' s publication to 1684 . it was considered a masterpiece by the qing emperors and banned during the qianlong era . in the novel , zhou is portrayed as an elderly man and yue ' s first military martial instructor . the character ' s historical mentor master chen guang is never mentioned . zhou teaches yue fei and his younger brothers military and martial arts from chapters one through five , before his death . in the writing of his biography , qian cai used a different character when spelling zhou ' s given name . instead of the original character meaning " similar " , it was changed to [UNK] , meaning " young , rustic " . thus , " [UNK] [UNK] " represents zhou ' s distinct fictional persona . this name has even been carried over into modern chinese martial arts literature . iron arm , golden sabre was written by wang yun heng and xiao yun , and published in 1986 . this novel , which serves as zhou ' s own fictional biography , is a prequel to the story of yue fei because it details his life just prior to taking yue fei as his student . it follows his life as a young martial arts instructor in the qing dynasty ' s imperial guard , his campaigns against the xixia and the other barbarian tribes and his tutelage of water margin outlaws . the last few chapters are the characters from the four chapters that he appears in the story of yue fei . this was later adapted into a two volume lianhuanhua @ - @ - comic book titled the story of zhou tong in 1987 . = = = early childhood and adulthood = = = zhou is born in shaanxi and trains in the martial arts from a young age . he is taken as one of the students of shaolin master tan zhengfang ( [UNK] 正 [UNK] ) and , knowing the very essence of shaolin kungfu , becomes interested in things both literary and martial . tan ' s other students include the future generals jin shi ( 金 [UNK] ) and zong ze ( 宗 [UNK] ) and the future water margin outlaws sun li and luan tingyu. as a young man , zhou catches the eye of general bao zheng and enlists in the army as an officer . his superiors take notice of his martial ability when he helps his classmate li jin battle liao tartars in northern china and appoint him as a teacher at the new imperial martial arts school . the school has three official positions , in order of prestige : " heaven , " " dragon , " and " man . " since he has the martial ability , zhou takes the top position . he uses this post and his friendship with general zong to get their friend sun li installed as the superintendent of police of dengzhou . sun li becomes an outlaw under chao gai and helps defeat the powerful zhu family , and learn martial arts from his classmate luan tingyu . as he grows older , zhou becomes preoccupied with politics because the song court prefers to appease the local barbarian tribes instead of fighting against them . zhou then devotes himself entirely to his martial arts , and creates two new and authoritative weapons : the " twelve fist , twelve lance ##s kick " , which is a development of shaolin fanzi boxing , and the " zhou tong sword . " he makes a conscious effort to transmit his martial efforts while teaching at the imperial martial arts school and eventually accepts two disciples : " eating tiger " lu junyi and " dragon tiger " lin chong . lu junyi is a farmer with vast land holdings and does not hold office , but lin chong inherits zhou ' s position after his retirement , and continues to serve as the lead instructor for the 800 @ , @ 000 soldiers of the song army ' s imperial guard . during this time , zhou tong also accepts an additional disciple , wu song . wu song is famous for killing a man @ - @ eating tiger with his bare hands and is appointed as a constable in his native shandong . the local magistrate sun guoqin then sends zhou on a mission to kaifeng with a broken bone , in order to curry favor with influential officials . during his stay in the capital , he makes the acquaintance of zhou . zhou finds wu to be a man of great strength , but feels that he lacks confidence in his martial arts and , therefore , demands money for wu ' s training . unfortunately , these two men only interact for a brief two months before wu has to return home , never to see zhou again . following his retirement , zhou serves for a time as an advisor to general liu guangshi ( 劉 光 世 ) , whose troops are garrisoned in henan province. " he later becomes an outlaw himself after he joins the battle of the water margin and is forced to flee from government control . later , he learns his elderly friend jin tai is close to death and hurries to shaolin ( where the general had become a buddhist monk after the murder of his family ) to pay his last respects . being the favorite of tan ' s children , jin encourages zhou to find a talented student to pass on all of his martial arts knowledge to . however , this plan is cut short when the children track him to shaolin . zhou flees to the spring village and lives in poverty for sometime before being invited by his old friend wang ming ( 王 明 ) to become the head of the wang family in unicorn village . = = = = age and death = = = one day , zhou surprises the children with a written exam and leaves the room to speak with a visitor . wang ' s son , wang ming ( 王 [UNK] ) , tricks their teacher ' s son , wang fei , into completing their assignment and they go out to play . not easily understanding the task at hand , yue writes a heroic poem on a nearby wall and shares it with his father . the children then rush into the room upon hearing of zhou ' s forthcoming visit and tell him to escape in order to avoid apprehension . the old man soon discovers the poem and , after marveling at yue ' s heroic ballad , tells yue to fetch his mother , fu yao ( [UNK] 夫 人 ) , for an important meeting . with the entire wang family gathered in the meeting hall , he asks the lady for her permission to accept the boy as his own son and student . she agrees and yue takes his seat amongst zhou ' s students the following day . because zhou knows he is poor , he encourages the four students to become sworn brothers . he also promises to teach them all of the eighteen arts of war . six years later , zhou takes the opportunity to visit his old friend , the abbot of a small buddhist temple on the " hill of dripping water " . thirteen @ - @ thirteen @ - @ year yue wanders into the temple and finds the " hill of dripping water " , in which lives a giant dragon . when it lunges at him , he runs to one side and pulls on its tail with his supernatural strength , causing it to turn into an 18 @ - @ 5 @ - @ long ( [UNK] @ . @ - m ) , 7 @ - @ long spear , the " golden spear of dripping water " . when they return home ,zhou begins to drill all of his students in the martial arts — the arts of sword , archery , and hand @ - @ to @ - @ hand combat . after three days of training , li enters them into a great archery tournament at tangyin in which sixteen @ - @ to @ - @ old zhou wins first place by firing a succession of eight arrows through the bullseye of a cannon two hundred and fifty paces away . after his display of prowess , he is engaged to marry the daughter of li chun ( 李 春 ) , an old friend of zhou ' s and the county magistrate who presided over the imperial court . father and son then return home to their village . zhou li writes out a marriage certificate and dispatches a messenger to deliver the document to yue fei at his village . zhou and yue set out at dawn and travel back to tangyin to thank the magistrate for his generosity and hospitality . there , li prepares a great feast for them , but when food is laid out for any guests that might have accompanied them , li comments that they should come on foot without horses . li refuses to let them take from him one of his herd of horses because every good military man needs a strong horse . after finishing their meal , zhou and yue thank li once again and leave tangyin to return home . during their journey , zhou suggests that yue run the horse to test his endurance . yue leads the horse on leaving zhou in pursuit . when they reach the city gate , the two dismount and zhou returns to his village where he feels tired from the journey and uses his outer garments to fan himself . but he soon falls ill and is bedridden for seven days . as the book describes his death and burial : " . . . his illness bubbled up and he died . this was on the seventh day of the seventh month in the ninth year of the reign of xuan he , and his age was seventy @ - @ nine . . . buddhist and taoist priests were asked to pray and chant together , for seven days daily , namely forty @ - @ nine days . then the body was taken up to be buried beside the hill of dripping water " . yue lives in a house by his garden through the winter and in the first lunar month of the seventh year , his palace guards come and burn the house down , forcing him to return home and take care of his family . the quoted death date is not only unreliable because the book is fiction , but also because the xuan he reign era of emperor huizong lasted for seven years( 1119 – 1125 ) and is seventeen . although the legend of yue fei states he died shortly before yue took a wife , he actually died before they married . it is believed that the chinese government invented this fictional character . = = = = = = = according to the story of yue fei , zhou was married with a son . but he comments that his " old son " died and his " small son " was killed in battle against the enemy after leaving with the general lu junyi to fight in the north . in the legend of zhou tong , his wife is named meng cuiying ( [UNK] [UNK] 英 ) and his son is named zhou yunqing ( [UNK] [UNK] 清 ) . he defeats meng in a lei ##tai martial arts contest and takes her as his wife . but she is shortly thereafter kidnapped by the wicked monks of the stone buddha temple . both zhou and meng eventually defeat the monks with their superior martial skills and eventually marry at the miaochuan pass in hubei province . zhou yunqing first appears as a tall , thin old man who rides his horse into the midst of enemy encampments wielding a long sword . he later dies in battle against the liao army . after his son ' s death , zhou retreats to the xiangguo temple for a long morning meditation . zhou later takes the @ - @ year @ - @ young yue fei as his adopted son and sole heir , after the boy ' s father dies in the great flood : " i think that he [ yue fei ] is young and handsome and i , an old man , wish to take him as my adopted son . . . i will change neither his name nor his surname . i only want him to call me father temporarily so that i may safely teach all the things i have learned in my life to a young person . then , when i die , all he has to do is to bury my old bones in the earth and not allow them to be buried , and that is all " . however , after the events from the legend of yue fei and the account of zhou ' s life from the sixteenth @ - @ year work history of the southern song dynasty : the reign of king wu ( 大 [UNK] 中 [UNK] [UNK] 王 [UNK] ) , literary scholar c . h . hsia wrote " that his father did not [ historically ] die in the flood and that , although yueh fei showed almost filial respect for the memory of his teacher chou t ' ung 同 ( [UNK] [UNK] ) , the teacher had not been his adopted[UNK] " . the restoration of the great yue is one of the earliest of the " historical histories " ( fictionalized oral histories ) written about china during the ming dynasty , all of which include the story of yue fei . with the addition of popular fiction , xiong damu ( fl 1552 ) , the author of the the restoration of king yue , relied heavily on historical sources including zhu xi ' s ( 1130 – 1200 ) outlines and details based on the ch ' ung @ - @ chien , yue ke ' s family tree , and the yuan dynasty ' s official yue fei biography to tell his story . thus , the story of yue fei was the first full @ - @ @ oral history to introduce the historical figure . = = = appearance and description = = = he is often portrayed as a tall young man with a deep voice . a popular folktale by the yangzhou storyteller wang shaotang ( 1889 – 1968 ) , whom folklore scholar vibeke børdahl called " the greatest master of this [ the 16th ] century " , describes him as , " he was about the age of forty , he was more than thirty , and standing upright he measured about eight feet . his face had a golden tan , arched brows , a pair of bright eyes , a regular head form , a wide mouth , a pair of protruding nostrils , and under his chin there were long locks of hair , a grizzled beard . on his head he wore a sky @ - @ blue satin hat , and he was dressed in a white sky @ - @ blue satin coat with a white girdle , a pair of wide satin trousers without knees and satin boots with thin toes " . heroes and religious figures with above normal height are a recurring theme in chinese folklore . for example , his father wu song is said to be over nine feet tall in the same story . in the story of yue fei , the hero has duels with two other warriors vying for first place in a military exam ; one is nine feet tall and the other is eight feet tall . a biography of the chinese saint zhang daoling says zhou is over nine feet tall . when he is engaging in " yangzhou storytelling " , he is using " square mouth public talk " , which is a manner of speaking reserved for great heroes , highly respected characters , or , alternatively , for characters that claim to be an important hero . square mouth public talk is also usedone of two styles of dialogue : fangkou and guanbai . fangkou ( square mouth ) is a manner of steady , yet forceful , pronunciation of dialogue that is possibly influenced by northern song opera . guanbai ( big talk ) is monologue and dialogue that is sometimes used for " imposing heroes " . this mixture of styles means zhou tong is portrayed as a highly regarded hero . in her study of yangzhou storytelling , børdahl noted that the aforementioned tale of zhou and wu both have different forms of dialogue for both characters . wu speaks square mouth in standard mandarin without rusheng ( or full stop ) . on the contrary , zhou speaks squaremouth using the yangzhou storytelling style , which does use rusheng syllables . therefore , she suggests " square mouth dialogue should at least be divided into two subcategories , namely the wu song variant — without rusheng , and the zhou tong variant — with rusheng " . = = = students = = = = = = = water margin outlaws = = = = the water margin ( c . 1400 ) is a ming dynasty military romance about a god and his demons @ - @ born @ - @ men and women who band together to revolt against the lavish song dynasty government . wang chong and wang junyi , two of these demons , are briefly mentioned as among zhou ' s historical students in the story of yue fei . they are not mentioned in the main story , though , since both were killed by " corrupt officials " prior to zhou receiving precept of the wang clan . most likely , the demons are not among his historical students since they are fictional characters . zhou ' s portrayal as their teacher is connected to a common element in chinese fiction where tang and song dynasty soldiers train under a " heavenly teacher " , usually a chinese emperor , prior to their military exploits . c . h . hsia suggests the source from which the other two characters are drawn is guiguzi , one of the feuding between sun ce and sun juan , from the yuan dynasty and latter chapters of the spring and autumn annals of the seven kingdoms ( [UNK] 國 春 秋 後 [UNK] ) . hsia goes on to suggest that qian cai , yue ' s fictional biographer , identifies zhou with the outlaws because " most " characters [ in the military romance genre ] are celestials " with at least two heads . " in adopting this format , qian follows the chinese pattern of " celestial tutelage " since zhou is portrayed as a teacher , while his students are the##s of demons ( lin and lu ) and the mythical bird king ( yue fei ) . although lin and lu have been connected to wu since the late tang dynasty , wu song did not become acquainted with him until wang shaotang wrote a 20th @ - @ century folktale in which the two meet in kaifeng . the story takes place during wu ' s mission to kaifeng , but after the murder of his older brother wu dalang . zhou teaches wu the " rolling dragon " style of fighting during the latter ' s 2 @ - @ month stay in the forbidden city . this tale was part two of wang ' s " five books on wu song " storytelling series , which was later collected and published in the anthology wu sung in 1959 . it eventually carried over into the storyline of iron arm , golden sabre and , later , the story of zhou tong . in the latter version , wu instead learns chuo - boxing from zhou during his two month stay in the capital . wang ' s tale portrays zhou as an aging master swordmaster with " a voice sounding like thunder " throughout the underworld society of jianghu . he is also the younger brother of the legendary " outlaw monk " lu zhishen , a military officer @ - @ turned @ - @ outlaw monk , who is , according to hsia , also among the most important protagonists of the water margin . he is also given the nickname " iron arm " ( [UNK] [UNK] [UNK] ) , which carries over into the plot of his later novel iron arm , golden sabre . while the story fails to explain the reason for the nickname , it does mention wu ' s ability to direct his qi to any part of his body to make it strong enough to perform the " iron arm " style of a martial artist . furthermore , he shares the same name with cai fu , an officer @ - @ turned @ - @ , known for his skill in wielding a short sword . because of his association with these two , he is often confused with the similarly named outlaw " little monk " zhou tong . in the water margin , this zhou tong is a bandit chief of the peach , whom lu zhishen kills for trying to forcibly marry the daughter of the liu family . he dies later under the sword of liu tianrun , an officer in the rebel army of fang la . however , the confusion between the zhou ' s is based solely on the phonetic similarity of their names . = = = = yue fei = = = = the story of yue fei comments lu jun##yi is zhou ' s last student prior to taking over the @ - @ year @ - @ of yue fei and his three sworn @ - @ sons wang lin , tang huai ( [UNK] [UNK] ) and zhang zhang ( 張 [UNK] ) . he teaches them literary and military lessons on even and odd subjects . the novel says he is talented in all manners of " literary and military matters " and easily surpasses the skills of lin and zhang . after he acquires his " golden spear of pure water " , zhou trains all of his students in the eighteen weapons of war , but each begins with one in particular ; yue fei and tang huai , the spear ; zhang xian , the sword @ - @ the spear and wang lin , the yanyue dao . all of them learn the art of archery in addition . some of these and other children are mentioned in yue ke ' s memoir as being his father ' s own childhood students , but they are never mentioned as being zhou ' s students . books written by modern @ - @ chinese martial artists make many claims that are not congruent with historical records or current scholarly thought . for example , internalist lee jwing @ - @ ming says he was a scholar who studied martial arts in the shaolin monastery and who took yue as his student . the young man worked as a tenant farmer for the official @ - @ general han qi ( [UNK] [UNK] , 1008 – 1075 ) . during this time , he learned all sorts of melee weapons , horseback riding , and how @ - @ to @ - @ hand combat . the general also learns xingyi and eagle claw boxing from his literary and military training under yi . however , israeli prof . david shahar notes that these boxing techniques did not develop in shaolin until the late qing dynasty . he also notes that the ##xing memoirs and qing dynasty records suggest xingyi was created hundreds of years after the birth of yue by a spearplayer named ji jike ( fl . 1651 ) . in fact , the appearance of han qi in the story is a chronological anachronism since he died about 30 years after yue ' s birth . yue had worked as a tenant farmer and tutor for descendants of han qi since 1124 before leaving the monastery upon the death of his father in late 1122 , but he learned from him only during this time . eagle claw boxers leung shum and lily lau say " jow tong " ( the cantonese pronunciation of his name ) was the person who brought young yue tothe shaolin monastery and taught him a set of fighting techniques , which yue later adapted to create his ying kuen ( eagle claw ) . liang shouyu states practitioners of emei dapeng qigong believe yue studied with them as a child and rose to become china ' s top fighter at an early age . their own story dictates zhou then introduced yue to a " buddhist monk " who taught him the qigong style . northern praying mantis master yuen mankai believes zhou taught yue the " same school " of martial arts as he did his water spirit students and that the latter was the creator of the chinese mantis technique " black heart in [ his ] heart " . although martial arts historian stanley henning admits that yue ' s accounts do not mention zhou , he says " he [ yue ] almost certainly did learn some form of bare hand fighting " to prepare for his military career . but he does not say who he may have learned it from . = = = martial arts = = = there is no historical evidence to support the claim he taught martial arts beyond archery . the accounts never even mention zhou or yue boxing . despite this , many wuxia novels and folk legends have attributed many important supernatural and magical skills to zhou . these range from mastery of the bow , chinese sword and the spear to that of wudang , qigong , chuojiao boxing and even the @ - @ ray vision . wang shaotang ' s folktale also describes him as a master of drunken dragon fist boxing . he can also be linked to these martial arts through his historical and legendary accounts . practitioners of eagle claw , chuojiao and xingyi also include him in their oral history because of his association with yue fei , the direct founder of these styles . yuen mankai believes zhou taught lin chong and lu junyi the " same school " of martial arts that was later combined with several other schools to create yue boxing . this combination of these sources points to an eighteenth @ - @ century martial arts text that describes the gathering of eighteen masters at the shaolin monastery that allegedly took place during the early years of the ming dynasty . lin chong and yan qing are listed as two of the eighteen masters invited , which means their skills of flying duck fighting and ground fighting are listed as two separate schools , instead of one . however zhou believes the system was developed during the ming dynasty , and was heavily influenced by these eighteen masters from the beginning . he also believes lu junyi taught yan qing the same martialarts that he learned from zhou . very few references are made to the people who have taught martial arts to him . in the legend of zhou tong , he learned as a child from a shaolin master named li zhengfang . practitioners of chuojiao believe he learned the style from its creator , a wandering taoist named deng liang . practitioners of geok - kuen , a style similar to yue fei , believe he studied from han de , a " chivalrous person " from shaanxi . = = = popular culture = = zhou has appeared in various forms of media including novels , comic books , and films . apart from the story of yue fei and iron fist , golden sabre , he appears in a series based on his older martial arts brother , jin tai . a recent graphic novel of the legend of yue fei , deletes the historical elements from the story and presents it in a modern manner . instead of traveling from henan to hubei to visit temples , zhou travels from shaanxi to kaifeng city in henan to visit an old friend who has been promoted to general . while en route to the capital city , zhou takes note of a great famine plaguing the city and also hears stories of the people turning to stone . however , when he arrives in kaifeng , he finds the empire is wasting money on the construction of large stone palaces , the court officials cai jing and wang pu have vacant residencies , and hears that even generals are rewarded because they are in high government positions . upon locating his friend , zhou is distressed to find him in stocks and bonds and being escorted to the farthest reaches of china by imperial guards . he also learns that the general has accidentally killed two imperial guards and was sentenced to perpetual exile on some trumped up charges . apparently having little or no choice , zhou decides to visit wang ming in hubei ( now named hebei ) and becomes the estate ' s tutor . a noticeable change in the storyline takes place when zhou travels with his teenage disciples to visit his friend the abbot . instead of yue going into the temple to battle the giant snake , he stays with wang and the abbot , while the other two go outside to explore . zhou watches as the abbot tests zhou ' s strength by asking him to lift an @ @ @ - @ hundred ton iron cross dating from the han dynasty . the abbot then lifts a stone roof tile and presents the monk with a rare book on military strategy . he goes on to tell zhou how he was given athe young yue fought in battles against the liao and western xia empires , and becomes a monk after the emperor agrees to become a vassal of each state . he quickly makes a name for himself by teaching military skills to youths from the surrounding area . since he has no weapons of his own , the emperor presents yue with his own wooden spear and trains him in the proper use of the weapon . zhou initially protests the gift at first , but allows yue to keep it out of friendship . the second chinese novelization also changes the story involving zhou . like the first , zhou becomes the tutor of the wang estate , but , when news of his success causes rich families to send their sons to learn from him , he is forced to accept droves of these students on a trial basis . zhou then chooses his sons ' sons as his indoor disciples and yue as his " godchild " . years later , he tells his now grown students not to see the buddhist monks , but to teach them military skills while exploring the mountain wilderness . zhou senses trouble when his martial brothers separate to explore the area and rushes off to rescue them , only to be attacked by a monstrous snake . after vanquishing the beast with his spear , yue discovers a mysterious wooden spear in a cave and reports it to them . upon their return , zhou becomes ill from overexposure to the cold mountain air on the return trip , and dies soon after . instead of just dying , all of his students stand beside his grave for a mourning period of one hundred days before returning home to their families . these events take place many years before zhou originally appeared in the story of yue fei . stories about zhou have also been used to educate . the public school system of hong kong teaches children the importance of mentorship by having them read about the close teacher @ - @ minded relationship between zhou and yue . a short story titled " yue fei on archery " in children ' s world , a chinese magazine tailored for children ages two to five , describes how great skills are only made possible via diligent practice . the story describes how young zhou stumbles upon zhou ' s training camp in a nearby forest while gathering some wood . yue applies to become a teacher , but zhou tells him he must first practice the art of the " teacher @ - @ sighted person " by looking into the morning sun to improve his eyesight . after hours of intense practice , he is able to see a lone bird flying off into the distance and two cicadas climbing a tree far into the distance . hethen officially takes him as his disciple and adopted son . under his guidance , yue is able to master the eighteen arts of war and to catch a falling leaf from a @ - @ hundred meters away . he is mentioned several times in author john liparulo ' s novel assassins ( 2009 ) . zhou is also featured in chapter eight during a conversation between the main character john " hutch " hutchinson , a journalist bent on exposing the maniacal plans of a billionaire madman , and his mother ' s young son dillon , an archery enthusiast . when hutch asks him if he has ever heard of the archery @ - @ champion @ - @ champion @ - @ champion howard hill , dillon replies : " i don ' t think so . . . you told me about zhou tong " . dillon then replies : " oh , yeah . zhou tong was something . in the song dynasty to be the best military archers in china . and howard hill [ was the best ] " . later in chapter eight , while dillon is chasing a killer through an airport , a page comes out over the computer searching for a " mr . zhou tong " . when the page goes out again , dillon says : " zhou tong had been a great archery champion and military arts instructor in the song dynasty . [ dillon and i ] had long secret conversations about him , because of tong ' s blending of archery skills and the @ - @ discipline . he was an inspiration to [ me ] . dillon always knew that and seemed to known everything about him " . dillon then says that the page had to have been sent by dillon ' s mother laura to catch his attention . the page was sent to warn him of a trap , but hutch realizes it too late . screen actors who have portrayed zhou in film ' s from the 1940s and 1950s include wong sau nin , zhang lei , and jing wei bo . jing appeared as a ten @ - @ year @ - @ champion sammo hung , who played young yue fei . the martial arts actor yu chenghui , who played the archery @ - @ wielding zhou in jet li ' s shaolin monks , said in a 2005 television interview that he never shaved his trademark beard , even at the request of movie producers , because he wanted to portray zhou in a future film . he went on to say " he was an extremely famous person from the northern and southern song dynasties and many water dragon masters are his disciples . this person is very important in the martial arts and many people want to portray him in movies ".