= world war z = world war z : an oral history of the zombie war ( 2006 ) is an american horror novel by max brooks . the novel is a collection of personal accounts narrated by an agent of the united nations armistice commission , describing the ongoing global struggle against the zombie plague . other passages describe a year @ - @ long global struggle , as experienced by people of various nationalities . the individual accounts also describe the resulting social , political , economic , and environmental changes . world war z is a year @ - @ sequel to brooks ' " survival guide " the zombie survival guide ( 2003 ) , but its tone is much more serious . it was inspired by the zombie war : an oral history of world war z ( 1984 ) by studs terkel , and by the zombie films of george a . romero . brooks uses world war z to comment on government ineptitude and american isolationism , while also discussing survivalism and genocide . the novel was a commercial success and was praised by many critics . the audiobook adaptation , performed by a full cast including alan alda , mark hamill , and john turturro , won an audie award in 2007 . a film inspired by the novel , directed by marc forster and starring brad pitt , was released in 2013 . = = = = = the story is told in the form of a series of interviews conducted by the protagonist , max brooks , an agent of the united nations armistice commission . although the exact origin of the plague is unknown , a young boy from a village in china is identified as the plague ' s first patient zero . the boy ' s case marks the point where the chinese government begins to take measures to cover up the disease , including creating a treaty with taiwan to restrict their imports . nevertheless , the plague still manages to spread to various nations by human trafficking , smuggling and the black market zombie trade . initially , these nations were able to cover up their zombie populations , until a much larger outbreak in north america brought the disease to public attention . as the plague spreads , israel abandons the palestinian territories and initiates a massive quarantine , closing its borders to everyone but uninfected jews and palestinians . the military then puts down an ultra @ - @ orthodox uprising , which is later referred to as the israeli zombie war . the united states does little to prepare because it is limited in its ability to suppress the threat . although special forces teams contain initial casualties , a widespread genocide never occurs : the country is assured of political stability by " brushfire diplomacy " ,and a widely distributed and expensive drug that creates a false sense of security . as many more areas of the globe fall to zombies , a period known as the " great famine " begins . pakistan and iran face each other in a civil war , and the pakistani government fails to stop the flow of refugees passing from pakistan into iran . after zombies overrun new york city , the u . s . military sets up a high @ - @ profile base in the capital city of yonkers . the " battle of yonkers " is a disaster ; modern weapons and tactics prove ineffective against zombies , as the military has no self @ - @ preservation instincts and can only be killed if shot through the heart . the unprepared and trained soldiers are captured on live television . other countries suffer more disastrous defeats , and human civilization is on the verge of collapse . in south america , the government adopts a disaster plan developed by apartheid @ - @ era intelligence consultant john redeker . it calls for the creation of zombie camps , leaving large groups of people living in special zones in order to distract the undead and allowing those in the designated safe zones time to regroup and recuperate . governments worldwide assume similar measures to evacuate the populace to safer foreign countries , such as the attempted complete evacuation of the japanese archipelago to kamchatka . because zombies freeze solid in severe cold , many civilians in north america flee to the mountains of northern europe and the arctic , where several million people die of starvation and disease . it is reported that some turn to zombies to survive ; and interviews from other survivors imply that this occurs in areas of the united states where food shortages exist . the few remaining astronauts on the international space station survive the war by salvaging supplies from the nearby chinese space station and maintain both military and civilian satellites using an orbital fuel cell . a surviving member of the iss crew describes " mega " waves of zombies in the american great plains and central plains , and how the crisis affects earth ' s economy . the u . s . eventually establishes safe zones west of the rocky mountains and spends much of the next decade eliminating zombies from that area . all aspects of civilian life is devoted to supporting the war effort against the pandemic . much of this resembles total war strategies : rationing of fuel and food , seizure of private property , and increased neighborhood policing . the u . s . government also begins a " self @ - @ training program " to trainthe military volunteers for the war effort and maintains order ; the people with skills such as engineering and engineering find themselves more valuable than those with managerial skills . ten years after the outbreak ended , a conference is held off the coast of honolulu , aboard the uss america , where most of the world ' s leaders agree that they can outlast the zombie plague if they stay in their rightful places . the u . s . military , however , argues for going on the offensive . determined to lead by example , the u . s . military trains itself to meet the specific military needs of fighting the undead : using low @ - @ guns , high @ - @ guns , and automatic rifles , focusing on head shots and slow , steady rates of fire ( a tactic " re @ - @ invented " by the us army during the great war ) ; and devising a multipurpose military tool , the " lobotomizer " or " lobo " ( described as a combination of a shotgun and a battle axe ) , for close @ - @ armed combat . the military , backed by a healthy , military economy , began the three @ - @ year @ - @ long task of defending the entire united states from both the undead as well as groups of hostile human survivors . modern military tactics and weapons are mentioned as being inadequate to deal with the well @ - @ armed and dangerous human survivors or military groups . ten years after the official end of the zombie outbreak , millions of zombies are still living , mainly on the ocean floor and on poverty line farms . a democratic cuba has become the world ' s most prosperous economy . following a civil war that saw proliferation of nuclear weapons , china has become a republic and is now known as the " chinese republic " . tibet is freed from chinese rule and becomes beijing , the world ' s most populous city . following a communist revolution and the restoration of russian rule , russia is now an independent state known as the new russian church . owing to the fact that many young russians either became zombies , were infected with hiv , or died due to aids , the government has initiated a " fertility " program , with the remaining young women believed to be coercively pregnant to increase the birthrate . north korea is virtually empty , with the entire population presumed to have moved into underground bunkers . the situation in the british isles is not entirely clear in the media , although ireland may have escaped the effects of the plague . members of the british royal family have fled to canada andthe isle of wight , following the military retreat to the antonine wall , and now producing food from a cellar at windsor castle where the queen held court for the war ' s duration , began to flee with her relatives . the papacy established a wartime base in the roman catholic archdiocese of armagh . in france , the palace of versailles was the scene of a massacre and has been burned to the ground ; human losses were particularly heavy while in the city of paris because the city housed over a quarter of a million people during the early stages of the war , all of whom were zombies . iceland has been completely rebuilt and is the world ' s most heavily populated country . the israelis and palestinians have made peace , and the palestinian occupied territories have been renamed " unified palestine " . mexico is now known as " aztlan " . some countries are described as having closed borders due to the " dumping " of convicts into war zones ; these convicts came to command " zombie armies " that eventually became united states . a new @ - @ called " pacific ##ation " appears to encompass previously uninhabited islands as well as areas rendered immobile due to lack of electricity . for similar reasons , the saudi royal family controls the oil industry in saudi arabia . the united nations fields a large military force to clear the remaining zombies from coastal areas , defeat zombies that rise from the ocean floor , and kill frozen zombies as they unfreeze . it is stated that previously eradicated zombies have made a comeback and that global life quality is being improved as the world takes over from where it began . = = development = = brooks intended world war z to follow the " guidelines " drawn up in his previous work , the zombie survival guide ( 2003 ) , and speculated that the guide may exist in the novel ' s fictional universe . the zombies of the zombie survival guide are human beings infected by an unknown virus ( zombie ) , devoid of intelligence , desirous only of consuming human flesh , and cannot be killed unless the body is destroyed . infection will eventually set in , but this process takes longer than for an average zombie and can be slowed by factors such as infection . although zombies do not tire and are as strong as the food they eat , they are slow @ - @ moving and incapable of moving or acting in their attacks . they usually announce their existence by name . brooks discussed the cultural influences on the novel . he drew inspiration from " the good war " : an oral history of world war z ( 1984) by studs terkel , stating : " [ terkel ' s book is ] an oral history of world war z . i read it when i was a teenager and it ' s sat with me ever since . when i sat down to write world war z : an oral history of the zombie war , i found it to be in the vein of an oral history . " brooks has cited the zombie film director george a . romero as an influence and praised the return of the living dead films : " they scare zombies , make them silly and campy . they ' ve done for the living dead what the old batman tv show did for the dark knight . " brooks noted the several references to popular culture in the book , including one to the robot chicken films , but wanted to avoid the others so that readers could discover them later . brooks conducted extensive research while writing world war z . the characters , politics , economics , history , and military background are based on a variety of primary sources and interviews with expert experts . brooks also used the u . s . military as a reference on firearm issues . = = = = = = = = social commentary = = = reviewers have noted that brooks uses world war z as a platform to criticize government ineptitude , corporate greed , and human short @ - @ sightedness . at one point in the novel , a palestinian refugee living in israel refuses to believe the dead are rising , believing it is a plot by terrorists . some other critics blame the united states ' inability to contain the zombie threat on low confidence in their government due to events in the middle east . brooks shows his deep dislike of government bureaucracy . for example , one character in the novel tries to use concerns about the zombie threat to create public panic , while at the same time failing to develop a plan for fear of raising public ire . brooks has also criticized government isolationism : = = = themes = = = = = = = survivalism = = = = survivalism and disaster preparation are recurring themes in the novel . several characters , including those from the united states , focus on social changes designed to allow the general population to fight the zombies and rebuild the country . for example , when cities were designed to be as safe as possible in order to fight the zombies , the plumber could gain a higher salary than the former c . e . o . ; when the ultra @ - @ rich hid in their homes , which had been turned into safe houses , they were attacked by others trying to get in , leading to mass slaughter. throughout the novel , characters learn the physical and mental skills needed to survive a zombie . brooks described the large amount of research done to find optimal strategies for fighting a worldwide zombie outbreak . he also pointed out that people like the zombie genre because they believe they can do anything with the right tools and talent . = = = = fear and uncertainty = = = = brooks considers the theme of zombies central to the zombie genre . he believes that zombies allow people to deal with their own fears about the state of the world . brooks has expressed a deep fear of zombies : this fear is central to the world in which he was writing . he said : " at this point we ' re pretty much living in an alien world " , full of irrational emotions and no logic or logic . when asked in a 2013 interview about how he would compare himself with zombies , brooks said : = = reception = = reviews for the novel have been generally positive . gilbert cruz of publishers weekly gave the novel an " a " grade , noting that the novel shared with other zombie stories the use of the zombie metaphor , describing it as " an addictively readable oral history . " steven a . silver identified brooks ' apocalyptic themes as the novel ' s biggest influence and commented favorably on brooks ' ability to create an environment for the skills needed to combat a worldwide zombie outbreak . silver ' s only fault was with " good @ - @ guts " — the final chapter — in which characters get a chance to give a final closing speech . silver felt that it was not immediately apparent who the main , recurring characters were . the guardian described the book as being " unlike any other zombie tale " as it is " sufficiently engaging for most readers , and not always in a good @ - @ and @ - @ guts way , either . " keith phipps of the a . v . club stated that the length of the novel makes it difficult for it to gain momentum , but found the novel ' s final chapter interesting . patrick ryan of the chicago reader said the novel transcends the " conventions " of the zombie survival narrative by " touching on deeper , more personal aspects of the human condition . " in his review for time out chicago , pete carroll declared that " [ b ] ending it to the form of alternative history would have been fiction in and of itself . doing so in the mode of studs terkel might constitute fiction . " john currie jr . named world war zombies one of his favorite zombie novels and praised it for being " the tacit link betweenwriter and artist that is essential to the creation of stories about the end of the world . . . [ we ] agree to believe that this is not fiction , that in fact the actual details of a war between humans and zombies are based on reality . " drew taylor of the fairfield city times credited world war z with making zombies more popular in mainstream society . the paperback version of world war z spent four weeks on the new york times best seller list , peaking at number nine . by november 2011 , according to publishers weekly , world war z had sold two million copies in all formats . = = audiobook = = random house released an expanded audiobook in 2007 , read by author michael elroy and produced by dan zitt , with cover design by john de montebello . the book is read by brooks and features several actors taking on the roles of the various individual characters who are featured in the story . brooks ' long career in voice acting and voice @ - @ star productions meant he could recommend a large number of the cast members . on may 1 , 2013 , random house audio released a new audiobook titled world war z : the lost story ( a all @ - @ star production ) : an oral history of the zombie war . it contains the entirety of the original , abridged audiobook , as well as new audio of each story individually . a separate , additional audiobook containing all the additional material not found in the original audiobook was released simultaneously as world war z : the lost story : a companion to the movie series . = = = cast = = = * unabridged = = = = = = = = in her review of the audiobook for strange horizons , siobhan carroll called the story " gripping " and found the listening experience evocative of orson welles ' s famous radio narration of the war of the worlds ( broadcast june 30 , 1938 ) . carroll had mixed feelings about the voice acting , describing it as " funny and effective , and free of ' sound effects ' and ' scenery effects ' overall " , but lamenting what she saw as undue cheeriness on the part of max brooks and inauthenticity of steve martin ' s chinese accent . publishers weekly also praised brooks ' performance , but found that the members of the " all @ - @ star cast play their roles with such fervor and intensity that listeners cannot help but identify with these characters " . in an article in variety concerning the mistakes they make on their audiobooks ,nate dimeo cited world war z as an example of dramatizations whose supporting casts contributed to making them " good reads " and described the book as a " better @ - @ than @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ - @ right @ - @ to @ - @ be a read " . the world war z audiobook won the 2007 audie award for multi @ - @ - reading and was nominated for audiobook of the year . = = film . = = in december 2006 , paramount pictures acquired the film rights for world war z for brad pitt ' s production company , plan b productions , to produce . the script was written by j . michael straczynski , with marc forster directing and pitt starring as the lead character , and ##c gerry anderson . despite being the one that got the movie into @ - @ lit , straczynski ' s script was set back , so that production , which was to begin at the start of 2009 , was delayed while the script was being written @ - @ written by matthew james carnahan to make the film in the future , leaving out much of the book ' s plot to make it more of an action film . in a 2012 interview , he claimed the film now has little in common with the book other than the title . filming commenced in @ - @ 2011 , and the film was released in june 2013 .