= rachel green = rachel ann green is a fictional character , one of the six main characters that appear in the american sitcom friends . portrayed by actress jennifer aniston , the character was created by series creators david letterman and marta kauffman , and appeared in most of the show ’ over 236 episodes during its decade @ - @ long run , from its premiere on september 22 , 1994 to its finale on may 22 , 2004 . introduced in the show ' s pilot as a brand new girl who reunites with her childhood best friend monica and relocates to new york city , rachel gradually evolves from a shallow , spoiled daddy ' s girl into a successful businesswoman . during the show ' s second season , the character becomes increasingly involved with her friend ross , with whom she maintains a close on @ - @ again , off @ - @ again relationship throughout the entire series . together , the two have a daughter , emma . the role of rachel was originally offered to actresses tea leoni , the show ' s first choice , and courteney cox , both of whom declined , leoni in favor of starring in the sitcom the naked truth , and cox in favor of playing rachel ' s best friend monica in friends . a relatively unknown actress at the time who had previously starred in several short @ - @ lived shows , aniston auditioned for the role of rachel after turning down an opportunity as a cast member on the sketch comedy show saturday night live . after accepting the role and the friends aired , aniston was temporarily at risk of being fired because she had also been involved with another sitcom , bleeding through , at the time , which was ultimately canceled and allowed aniston to remain on friends . critical reception towards rachel has remained consistently positive throughout friends ' decade @ - @ long run , with the a . v . club attributed much of the show ' s early success to the character . however , some of her actions have been criticized , particularly her romantic relationship with her friend joey during season ten . rachel ' s popularity established her as the show ' s breakout character , who has since been named one of the greatest television characters of decade @ - @ long , and the character ' s second hair haircut spawned an international phenomenon of its own . named the " flame " after her , the character ' s hair continues to be worn by millions of women around the world and remains one of the most popular characters in history , in spite of aniston ' s own resentment towards it . rachel iswidely regarded as a style icon due to her influence on womenswear during the 1990s . meanwhile , the character ' s relationship with chandler is often cited among television ' s most controversial . rachel is considered to be aniston ' s breakthrough role , credited with making her the show ' s most popular cast member and for spawning her successful film career . praised for her performance as rachel , aniston won both an emmy award for outstanding guest actress in a comedy series and a golden globe award for best performance by an actress in a television series – comedy or musical . = = role = = rachel appears in the pilot episode of friends as a young woman who is distraught after leaving her fiance barry farber ( bradley whitfield ) at the altar . she locates her high school best friend monica geller ( courteney cox ) , the only woman she knows in new york city , who agrees to let rachel reside with her while she attempts to rebuild her life . rachel meets and marries monica ’ and friends rachel buffay ( lisa kudrow ) , joey tribbiani ( matt leblanc ) , and david bing ( matthew fox ) , while reuniting with monica ' s older brother ross geller ( david schwimmer ) , who has harbored strong romantic feelings for her since high school . having previously lived on her parents ' money her entire life with a sole goal of becoming wealthy , rachel attempts to reinvent herself as an independent career woman by working at la cafe , a coffeehouse where her new friends regularly socialize . as season one begins , rachel finally realizes her love for ross , having learned of his feelings for her from chandler , only to discover that he has already begun dating another woman , whom she rejects . however , ross ultimately chooses rachel over his girlfriend julie ( lauren tom ) , and the two date for the remainder of the second season . however , their relationship rapidly begins to deteriorate towards the end of the third season when rachel loses her job at the coffeehouse in favor of working in california . while rachel becomes more comfortable with her new job , ross becomes jealous of her companionship with her coworker ross ( steven eckholdt ) , ultimately resulting in their breaking up on their one @ - @ year anniversary following a series of heated arguments and disagreements . in the months following the break up , rachel and ross are initially hostile towards each other . the two begin to develop feelings for each other . during a beach house vacationwith their help , rachel and ross finally reconcile when he ends his relationship with bonnie ( christine taylor ) , only to break up once again due to a disagreement . during season four , rachel dates her client joshua ( tate donovan ) , while ross dates her boss ' daughter emily ( helen baxendale ) , to whom he later becomes engaged . competitively , rachel proposes to recent client joshua , cutting him off . rachel indirectly contributes to the demise of ross and emily ' s relationship when he accidentally utters rachel ' s name while taking their wedding vows . ross later rejects a jealous emily , ending his relationship with rachel instead . at the end of season five , ross and rachel drunkenly get married while vacationing with their friends in las vegas . in season six , their annulment request is denied because of rachel having leveled false charges against ross , leading the two to file for a divorce instead . in season seven , ross and rachel unwittingly have a baby when their birth certificate arrives . rachel gives birth to a girl in season eight , naming the child emma geller @ - @ baby ; the name emma was a gift from monica , who had previously been given the name for her own child . rachel and ross live together as an @ - @ @ roommates during the first half of season nine . rachel eventually lands a job opportunity in france , but has second thoughts when ross suddenly shows stubbornness and says " i love you " . rachel eventually decides to stay and end her relationship with ross , getting on the plane at the last minute . = = development = = = = = directing and writing = = = after their first @ - @ lived television series family guy was cancelled , head writers david crane and marta kauffman pitched friends to then @ - @ nbc president warren littlefield as a show about " that special time in your life when your friends are your family , " based the concept on their own experiences as young adults living in new york ; the main characters themselves were inspired by their childhood friends . conceived as a young woman who is unprepared for marriage , the character rachel robbins was originally named monica robbins . although critics and fans had perceived monica as the show ' s main protagonist when friends premiered , the writers had already given monica the show ' s most controversial character . after deciding that rachel and ross would be an item for the entire season , the writers had originally intended for the show ' s defining couple to be joey and monica . however , after the success of theshow , in which rachel and ross ' developing relationship is briefly hinted at , and witnessing aniston and co @ - @ and david schwimmer ' s on @ - @ screen ##writing for the first time , crane and kauffman felt that the entire series depended on " finding all the right roadblocks for them to overcome with each other . " fans were waiting for rachel and ross ' relationship since the very beginning of friends , often expressing their disappointment with rachel ’ ##s reaction to ross ' feelings for her . the episode that would ultimately transform the friends ' relationship for the remainder of the series was the first season premiere " the one where rachel finds out " , in which rachel finally learns of ross ' s feelings for her , at the same time that she still feels the same . however , the episode nearly went unwritten because , at the time , few friends writers were expecting the couple ' s relationship to develop into the phenomenon that it eventually became . the episode was first suggested by director james burrows ; the writers felt that it was time to alter the couple ' s dynamic in order to avoid the repetitive " he ' s pining , she ' s oblivious " routine , using the work of author jane austen as inspiration for how to effectively change the romantic relationship from ross to rachel . because ratings for the episode were unprecedentedly high , " the one where rachel finds out " became friends ' most anticipated episode . the couple ' s first kiss at the end of season two ' s " the one where ross finds out " was met with enthusiastic applause from the studio audience . crane felt that keeping viewers interested in their relationship for ten years was difficult . jonathan romney of the daily beast believes that they accomplished this by " dangl [ ing ] the possibility of both ross and rachel recoupling through several relationships without ever putting them back together . " according to world of tv writer john newcomb , ross and rachel ' s ever @ - @ changing relationship " converted the previously amnesic plotlines of the situation comedy into ones akin to romantic drama . " meanwhile , writing for the new york review of books , elaine horn wrote that it created " a sense of connection between two people while also putting obstacles in their way , setting us up for a ever @ - @ deferred relationship . " after rachel and ross drunkenly got married while on vacation in las vegas during season five , schwimmer had initially objected to the idea of having his son ross divorce her – his wife divorce – because ofand that it was taking it " too far . " the actor explained that " the whole arc of the character was different then . . . because for [ ross ] to be able to hold together enough to marry someone else and then go back to falling in love with rachel later just went a little too far . " rachel and joey ' s romantic relationship was dropped because the writers wanted to keep ross and rachel ' s pregnancy storyline . they felt that having rachel and joey during season ten " was for the greater good " because " it was fun . " however , the cast members opposed the idea , fearing that rachel , joey , and ross would ultimately become separate , and they would either " hate joey for going after a different woman , or hate rachel for rejecting him , or hate ross for choosing between the two of them . " however , the writers also rejected the concept of rachel ' s pregnancy and living together , worrying about how they would end it in the finale because they did not want friends " to become a drama about a relationship " . " on the other hand , we didn ' t want to pretend that there isn ' t one . " according to robert bianco of usa today , the critical success and popularity of rachel ' s pregnancy was ultimately responsible for " propel [ ling ] the show to the top of the ratings " . when it finally came time to write the series finale , " the only thing [ crane and kauffman ] absolutely knew from very early on was that we had to get ross and rachel together , " deciding , " we had dicked the writers around for 10 years with their ' will they or won ’ t they , ' and we didn ’ t see the point in frustrating them " any longer . also , at one point the writers had considered ending the series with ross and rachel in " a gray area of where they aren ’ t together , but we felt there ’ be a sense that they might be down the road . " ultimately , crane and kauffman relented in favor of giving the audience what they wanted . = = = casting = = = the first character to be cast , rachel was portrayed by actress jennifer aniston , who auditioned for the role immediately after declining a role as a cast member on the sketch comedy show saturday night live . her audition was widely praised by both her friends as well as actor adam sandler , a saturday night live fan . actress tea leoni , who at the time was being referred to in the media as" the next lucille ball " , was offered the role of rachel as the studio ' s first choice , but she declined in favor of starring in the film the awful truth . actress elizabeth berkley had auditioned for the role prior to being cast in the teen drama saved by the bell . other actresses who auditioned for rachel include denise richards , joan rivers , nicolette colbert , parker posey , and jami gertz . originally , the producers wanted to cast actress courteney cox as rachel , who crane and kauffman were particularly drawn to because of her " cheerful , outgoing personality . " however , cox was the most famous cast member at the time amidst an influx of relatively unknown actors . initially , the actress lobbied for the role of rachel ' s best friend monica , as whom she was eventually cast , because she felt that she was not " quirky " enough to play rachel . at the same time , although unbeknownst to each other , aniston was being considered for the role of monica , but chose to play rachel because she felt that the character suited her better . at this point , she had begun to regret her decision to play monica until her own character ' s acting started improving . friends was aniston ' s third sitcom ; all of her previous series had been canceled prematurely . after vulnerable , aniston had begun to doubt herself as an actress and had contacted littlefield for reassurance on her career , who encouraged her to audition for friends , which was also referred to as friends and these at the time . crane and kauffman had worked with aniston prior to this . however , casting her as rachel posed a problem for the producers because , at the time , aniston was also starring in a developing cbs sitcom , ##dling through , in which she played a young woman whose mother is returning home from vietnam after 20 years . cbs was initially reluctant to release aniston from her contract , which forced the actress to play the roles differently , traveling between @ - @ and @ - @ forth in ##dling through and friends for two episodes . additionally , nbc risked having to recast the role of rachel , replace aniston , and reshoot several scenes if cbs ' series proved successful , which would have potentially cost the network millions of dollars . however , littlefield remained confident that ##dling through would succeed . however , the producers of friends believed that muddling through would be cancelled before friends premiered , and aniston believed that muddling through would be the more successfulof the two sitcoms in spite of her attitude towards friends . during this period of filming , aniston was asked not to appear in several friends @ - @ related promotions and photo shoots ; the producers excluded her from these in case she would be replaced . aniston explained , " when we were doing the first set of cast photos . . . i was forced to walk out of the line because they didn ' t know if i was going to be seen playing rachel . " director james wong confirmed that aniston had been cast in top billing . the producers had already been considering other actresses for the role , while aniston also received phone calls from her closest friends telling her , " i ' m happy for your part in friends . " ultimately , coming through was cancelled after only two seasons and ten episodes , two weeks after the pilot of friends aired , thus allowing aniston to keep her role on the show , becoming its second youngest cast member at the age of 25 . critics praised aniston ' s interpretation of rachel because " in the wrong hands rachel is kind of immature and spoiled and unlikable , " and the actress for " breathing life into a bad character . " crane and kauffman strongly envisioned friends as an ensemble show , and warner bros . initially promoted the show as such by having the cast appear in their offices for the commercials , promotions and photo shoots . one of few sitcoms at the time to be neither a workplace drama , a sitcom nor star a single actress , david kolbert of the new york times explained that each of the show ' s main characters are " of equal importance . " as a writer , crane envisioned it this way because " utilizing six ensemble players , rather than just one or two , would allow for better story lines . " kauffman stated " that approach worked best when the entire cast was involved . " the only reason aniston is credited first during the show ' s title sequence is because the cast is listed alphabetically . the show ' s ensemble format is widely believed to have created salary conflicts among the cast . additionally , the main cast was the first in television history to work as a team for equal salaries , agreeing to work until their salaries of $ 100 @ , @ 000 per episode were met during season nine , which was increased to $ 1 million per episode for seasons nine and ten – approximately $ 25 million per episode . alongside comedian and actress lisa kudrow , who portrays phoebe , aniston received the highest @ - @paid television series of all time . by 2006 , aniston had surpassed cox as the show ' s most popular cast member due to having launched an international popularity trend with the " rachel " and her transitioning into a film career , along with her then @ - @ profile relationship with her then @ - @ husband , actor brad pitt , who had previously guest starred in an episode of the show . at times the writers would use the actress ' popularity to boost the show ' s ratings , including her character ' s seventh season kiss with actress winona ryder and story arc . aniston had been telling the press that the show ' s ninth season would be her last , and was initially hesitant to return to friends to film its tenth and final season . she said to nbc ' s matt lauer , " i wanted it to end when people still loved us and we were on a high . and then i was like , like , ‘ how much more of that do i have in me ? ’ ” however , the writers eventually agreed to complete the tenth season of friends , which was reduced from 24 to 22 episodes to accommodate aniston ' s busy filming schedule . = = appearance and dialogue = = rachel is the youngest of friends six main characters . the term " spoiled " is often used to describe the character ' s personality during her teenage years . encyclopaedia britannica describes rachel as a spoiled and funny girl . according to rachel ' s original character outline , written by cox and kauffman themselves for the show ' s creators , the character is a spoiled yet intelligent young woman who " has worked for none of what she has " , loves best friend monica , and is thus " equipped to do nothing " . melissa endrst of the hartford courant identified her as " a spoiled rich girl " , while the daily beast called her an " endearingly spoiled daddy ' s girl . " author kim etingoff wrote about rachel in her book jennifer aniston : from friends to friends that the character is " spoiled and sometimes spoiled " , while tv land called her " adorable . " citing the differences between rachel and her other best friends , the guardian ' s ryan gilbey wrote that the character " wasn ' t insulated in self @ - @ profiles , like monica , or grounded in gormlessness , like phoebe . " frequently described as following the " girl next door " trend , rachel bilson of the atlantic described rachel as " sweet but not very sweet , funny but not" pretty , sexy but not too pretty , scatterbrained but not too scatterbrained . " talktalk ' s dominic miller described the character as " smart , ditzy , determined but naive . " meanwhile , liat kornowski , writing for the huffington post , scribed that rachel is a " popular , attractive , slightly spoiled , slightly egocentric " character . noting that the show ' s six characters are all based on a stereotype , sarah romney of the daily telegraph described her as " the image @ - @ , someone who goes from riches to rags . " according to time magazine , rachel is " a human being full of energy , humor and intelligence , while donning an undeniable charm and charm . " initially portrayed as a teenager who was created for " the role as an adult " , rachel ' s name was gradually changed to jennifer aniston as the series progressed , becoming " more image @ - @ conscious and mature . " according to shining in the shadows : movie stars of the 2000s author michael pomerance , " the more parallels drawn between the ' real ' jennifer aniston and rachel , the more ' authentic ' aniston became . " pomerance also noted that the character ' s " image @ - @ conscious , intelligence and relatability " is similar to aniston ' s , while both the character and the character herself are very intelligent , playing " with [ their ] hands a good deal . " in her book how to write for tv , author madeline dimaggio wrote that although " rachel grew within the framework of the series . . . she would later struggle with the spoiled , image @ - @ , daddy ' s girl who returns from her wedding in the pilot . " similarly , buddytv wrote that although rachel " eventually evolves into someone less spoiled in the series , she [ remains ] the most image @ - @ centric among the six " , while ign ' s edward barsamian opined , " she may have been self @ - @ conscious and shallow , but rachel really was perhaps the most mature and more image @ - @ obsessed character on the show . " tv land discussed the character ' s origin and development in the website ' s portrayal of her , writing , " rachel is a born shopper , but … she ’ is not necessarily a born worker . in fact , before moving in with monica , she ’ have always had to work inmostly , thanks to the generosity of her parents . however , rachel is smart , beautiful and chic , so her future is bright , both as a member of the workforce and with her newfound family . " examining the character ' s history , splitsider ' s jessica d ' avria determined that rachel has had the third most romantic partners , 14 , as well as the highest percentage of serious romantic relationships , 40 % . d ' avria opined , " throughout the entire series rachel is continually meeting men she tries to impress . her attempts often fail , but she always winds up in a serious relationship with them . " additionally , rachel is also the only character to admit to having had a sexual relationship . in an interview with the jewish week , kauffman revealed that rachel is jewish . on the character ' s " jewish roots " , kauffman told j . that rachel has always been jewish " in our family " , explaining , " you can ’ t imagine a character with the name ' rachel green ' and not from the get @ - @ side of our family . " . prior to this , critics and fans had often debated whether or not rachel is jewish ; there are entire websites now devoted to debating this . vulture ' s lindsey davis , who identifies herself as jewish , noted several jewish and christian stereotypes she associated with the character , citing the facts that rachel refers to her mother ida green as " bubbe " , long jewish origin , and engagement to a jewish man as clues to the character ' s jewish heritage . in her book changed for good : a feminist history of the television stage , author stacy wolf identified rachel as one of several popular american television characters who reinforced jewish stereotypes during the 1990s and who served as " the butt of the critics ' jokes . " similarly , jdate ' s sarah frankel cited rachel as one of the earliest and most prominent examples of the jewish american princess stereotype on screen . writing for the university of north carolina at chapel hill , alicia r . korenman also acknowledged rachel ' s many jewish american character qualities , describing her as " poor , dependent on her family ' s money and her fiance ' s , completely terrified at the thought of working for a living and completely inept in her attempts to do so , and was later revealed to have had a day job " , which she eventually regretted as they become less " common in later episodes of the show " . in his article " princesses , queens , punishers and single mothers " , evancooper describes rachel as a " de @ - @ semitized " character because , aside from her name , " there is hardly any mention of experiences of growing up in a jewish household , no mention of yiddish , and few , if any , references to family members with distinctively jewish names " . cooper continued to write that although rachel has many jewish american princess traits , she is very similar to the " jewish woman " character . the new york times ' s robert rorke called her " a typical jewish american princess " , in contrast to her sister amy ( christina applegate ) who is " cold , calculating and narcissistic . " = = reception and impact = = = = = = response = = = critical reception towards rachel has been mostly positive throughout the show ' s de @ - @ - run . writing for the a . v . club , stephen reid holds rachel responsible for the success of the show , explaining , " the development of this group of friends must begin with a stranger coming to town , and rachel is the perfect fit for this situation " . reid also believes that rachel initiated character development in the four other main characters , describing her arrival as " a catalyst for all of them to develop , because unlike the rest of them , rachel is interested in finding meaning for her life " . also writing for the a . v . club , sonia saraiya was pleased with rachel and gunther ' s first encounter because , for the first time , " rachel has a sense of true empathy for another human being " . saraiya went on to describe rachel as " as a symbol for her coming of age and the development — the show , very much dissatisfied with where those traits have led her but also willing to abandon the more traditional ' pro ' career @ - @ - strategy " . the new york times joseph hanania praised rachel ' s phone conversation with her father during the episode , describing it as " touching . " the los angeles times david shayne stated that he is attracted to rachel , joking , " my feelings for rachel , i say with great embarrassment , rival those of gunther " . he described rachel as " the best new gal that we ' ve ever had " , while time called her " tough yet sweet " . usa today ' s robert bianco credited rachel ' s pregnancy storyline with the viewers , stating that it " propel [ led ] the show to the top of the ratings " and it " revers [ ed ] the show ' s success in ways . . . that no one watching' the one with monica & chandler ' s wedding ' could never be better . " bianco concluded , " still , without that fortune @ - @ note twist , it probably would have ended differently " . bdcwire named " the one with the drink " , " the one with rachel ’ doing outrageous behavior " , " the one with the football " , " the one with the fake wedding " , and " the one with vegas , " one rachel ' s five best episodes . however , tvline criticized rachel ' s arc in season three ' s " the one with the fake wedding " for impulsively sleeping with her ex @ - @ boyfriend , barry , panning the episode as " cringeworthy " . tvline also criticized the character ' s arc in season four ' s " the one with the fake party " . at times the character has generated mild controversy , as in 1996 in regards to her appearance in the second season episode " the one where dr . ramoray dies " , in which rachel and monica fight over a drink . aniston noted that friends fans would often mock and attack her for something rachel did that they deemed " disagreeable " . neil midgley , writing for the daily beast , described rachel as " one of those latte @ - @ swilling young new yorkers who helped to redefine the kind of relationships that could change the heart of a successful sitcom " . according to jennifer aniston : from books to movies by kim etingoff , fans came to see rachel " live out there , " allowing the character to become " the favorite of many friends fans throughout all ten seasons " . writing for talktalk , david wills echoed that rachel " became the general favorite " , while " no one had a single thing to say about jennifer aniston " . rachel would go on to become the show ' s breakout star , and is widely revered as one of the greatest characters in television history . entertainment weekly magazine named rachel the most popular female character of the past 20 years , ranking her as " one of television ' s most endearing characters " , while entertainment weekly ranked the character sixth on a similar list . aol tv ranked her among television ' s hundred " greatest characters " at number eight , with author kim potts stating , " rachel became one of viewers ' best friends because she turned from what could have been a fortune @ - @ note . . . . into a more independent , caring pal " . cbs news ranked rachel andthe cast of friends ranked rachel 11 on its list of the " 50 greatest tv characters " . buddytv ranked rachel the 15th funniest female character in sitcom history . chacha collectively ranked rachel , monica and phoebe 11th , 12th and 14th on the website ' s list of the " top 16 greatest tv characters of all time " . writing for entertainmentwise , georgina littlejohn noted that rachel ' s influence is evident in the character penny from the sitcom the big bang theory , stating that both characters are " funny , beautiful , smart , and girls @ - @ - @ - @ like " . the baby jane books and websites now also associate the name " rachel " with the character . according to babycenter , the character peaked in popularity in 1996 , during the first season of friends , becoming the ninth most popular female name in the united states that year . aniston ' s performance on friends has been praised since her first appearance in the pilot . entertainment weekly ' s ken tucker wrote that the actress played rachel with " prickly intelligence " . writing for the baltimore sun , david zurawik included aniston among the show ' s " very strong cast " , while variety ' s tony scott wrote that " all six of the principals . . . are talented and have great sitcom intelligence " . robert bianco of the washington post @ - @ magazine praised the show ' s female cast collectively . tv guide wrote that the actress " has charmed audiences with her perfect looks and deeply personal persona " . kevin fallon of the daily telegraph called aniston ' s performance in friends " the work of a brilliant young actor . " the atlantic ' s ryan gilbey wrote that " aniston was the sparkiest member of the cast and the one most focused on goofball ##s " , concluding , " being the only character with whom a male viewer could not identify , meant that she got the lion ' s share of attention " . andrew collins of radio times described aniston as a " natural comic foil , as one with a subtle nose , as a full @ - @ - pratfall , and always in full @ - @ fire ##power " . in 2002 , aniston won the emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series , one of the show ' s five wins out of a total of 62 nominations . in 2003 , the actress won the golden globe award for best performance by an actress in a television series – comedy or musical . kevin thomas of usa todaycalling aniston " our best friend " . according to turner classic movies , aniston quickly became " one of the most popular television actresses of her generation " . according to jennifer aniston : from tv to films author kim etingoff , the series ' own fame " surpassed " those of her other @ - @ characters , becoming the first cast member to " rise to prominence " ; the character continues to enjoy the same popular @ - @ film success . aniston ' s success in friends led to a successful film career . according to the inquisitr magazine , rachel was " the role that would end up with [ aniston ' s ] success " , while chris jones of splitsider believes " that jennifer aniston probably wouldn ' t have become a big tv star without friends " . while calling aniston the most popular tv actress of the 1990s , michael phillips of complex magazine wrote that " with the character , the good show , and a true love for comedy . . . . , aniston became a big star " , replacing her as the show ' s " resident hottie " . according to steve charnock of yahoo ! movies , aniston is " the series ' only main castmember to become a bona fide movie star since the beginning of the series " . while noting that aniston ' s rachel ##ography has been successful , several critics noted that the series ' filmography is similar to playing characters @ - @ and rachel in romantic comedies , save for rare exceptions . ryan gilbey of the atlantic wrote that " consequently , many of aniston ' s film roles . . . have been female in all but name . " andrew barker of radio times agreed , writing that aniston " feels unique , always playing versions of rachel " . according to tv guide , aniston is " often called upon to play a variation of her neurotic and unpredictable rachel character " . aniston cites rachel as one of the roles for which she is most famous , to whom she " owe [ s ] everything " . despite being typecast , aniston admits that at times rachel " gives you more of a challenge , to shape people ’ s perception of you " . as they struggle " to lose the one character that has made her one of the show ' s most recognisable characters " . = = = = = = = rachel has had several romantic relationships on friends decade @ - @ has run , the most famous and successful of which remains heron @ - @ again , off @ - @ again , with friend phoebe . although wildly popular among audiences , the series has been met with mixed reviews from critics . katherine miller of the daily beast described the characters ' relationship as " the heart of the show " . entertainment weekly cited ross and rachel ' s reunion during the season finale " the big break " among the show ' s highlights , while gary susman of rolling stone wrote that viewers would not have been happy had the couple not been reunited . contrastingly , the wire ' s joe miller was of the opinion that the show ' s tenth season is " the only time ross / rachel was truly happy " . pitchfork media wrote that the couple ' s relationship " had grown increasingly tedious " by season ten . e ! cable network ranked rachel and ross the ninth greatest tv couple , writing that their relationship gave " friends just enough iconic quotes to fill a lifetime " , considering rachel ' s line " see ? [ this is ] her life ! " to be among friends ' s most iconic . ross and rachel ' s season ten breakup has sparked a debate among some fans , who began to argue over which of the two was at fault : rachel for suggesting that they take a break from their relationship , or ross for sleeping with another woman immediately afterward . writing for e ! , jenna mullins argued in favor of rachel , writing , " there is no excuse for ross sleeping with someone else after his wife is taking a break " , concluding that ross " deserved it " . the jewish community was particularly receptive to the fact that a jewish @ - @ american influence existed on prime time couples , described by time magazine as " a televisual first " . rachel and ross are considered to be among television ' s best and most beloved couples . ninemsn referred to them as " everyone ' s favourite on . . . . . . . on ( a break ! ) duo , " while us weekly and buzzfeed ranked them the first and second greatest tv couple , respectively . tv guide ranked ross and rachel the third greatest television couple , dubbing them " the most iconic tv couple in recent memory " . time placed the couple at number eight , writing , " never did we want two people to get together more than ross . . . and rachel " . refinery29 included rachel and ross in the website ' s " 16 greatest couples we want to be friends with " list . the pair is also frequently ranked among television ' s greatest " will they or won ' t they "club . calling ross and rachel the greatest " will they , won ' t they " couple , network ten said they coined the term , and suggest calling them " the greatest will they / won ’ t they couple . " according to sarah doran of radio times , the couple " became synonymous with the phrase ' we ' re on a break ' " . rachel ' s line , in which she refers to the couple eating each other ' s food , has become one of the show ' s most popular and oft @ - @ lines . kaitlin reilly of paste magazine defined the term as " the person of whom one is supposed to speak with them " . michelle aquino of paste magazine wrote that " no one person can tell you what having a ' ross and rachel ' relationship means " . ultimately , rachel ' s season eight story arc is credited with reviving the show ' s ratings and popularity . rachel ' s developing romantic relationship with friend joey during season eight received some criticism from television critics and fans alike , although viewership was not affected . in contrast , joshua kurp of splitsider wrote that the main reason the show ' s first two seasons sold well in spite of lackluster ratings " was because of the joey / rachel / ross love triangle " . eric goldman of ign referred to the rachel @ - @ joey storyline as " hilarious . " entertainment weekly canada ranked " the day after rachel and joey kiss " among the show ' s ten worst episodes at number eight , with the i . d . taylor describing it as " awful " , adding , " jeers for not having this romantic plot ; and for doing it " . paste magazine ranked the same episode as one of the show ' s worst , calling it " the most awful idea to ever exist . " contrarily , e ! ranked rachel and joey as a couple because they brought out positive aspects of each other ' s personalities . their relationship has spawned a debate among viewers , who disagreed over whether making rachel and joey a couple was a bad idea . jenna mullins of e ! determined that this is because " it was too far into the series to bring these two together . they didn ' t work out and their romantic relationships were forced " . = = = = = = = = rachel and aniston have become fashion icons due to their combined influence on womenswear during the 1990s and onwards , particularly among british women . according to vogue magazine ' s edward barsamian , rachel ' s fashion style was " thecool new york style " . according to stylist magazine , rachel " had [ a ] love of denim shirts and jeans " , while mahogany clayton of styleblazer believes that the character " managed to follow every fashion trend that flew across her path in the most creative ways possible " . hailing her as the " fash rachel " , heat magazine noted the character ' s emphasis on denim shirts , jeans and jeans . for every costume the character wore during the first season of friends , buzzfeed stated that rachel had the mullet look . tv guide published a list of " the 17 ways rachel from friends influenced ' 90s fashion " . rachel is often ranked among television ' s best dressed characters . elle included her in the website ' s " 50 best dressed characters on tv " list . popsugar ranked rachel 15th on the website ' s list of " 50 tv shows that changed the way we look " , citing rachel ' s " fabulous " wardrobe . instyle ranked friends the 36th most popular tv show of the @ - @ years , praising rachel , monica and rachel ' s costumes . stylecaster ranked rachel among " the 50 most stylish tv shows of all time " at number 15 . complex magazine compiled a list of " 16 things rachel green brought to friends that we ' ll totally wear today " , while virgin media ranked the character among television ' s best . people magazine ranked rachel ' s wedding dress among " the best tv wedding dresses " . = = = = the " rachel " haircut = = = = named after the character , the " rachel " refers to a bouncy layered style inspired by the way in which aniston wore her hair on friends between 1994 and 1996 , during the first and second seasons of the show . the " rachel " appeared in the show ' s pilot episode , " the one with the fake hair " . aniston stated that her hair stylist , chris mcmillan , cut the hair while he was " stoned " . the " rachel " immediately became popular among women , spawning an international hair trend . the popularity of the " rachel " increased with the popularity of friends during the mid @ - @ to @ - @ to @ - @ 1990s . marie claire estimated that one million women donned the hairstyle during the decade , while the daily telegraph reported that the style was particularly popular among british women , who went to hair salon " wanting magazine shots of aniston " and asking hairdressers togive them the world . according to vanity fair , the character ' s " widespread popularity . . . in the show ’ its very first year helped the character carry on as highly regarded when it came to fashion . " the " rachel " remains one of the most popular hairstyles in television , and is the most popular wig in the united states since actress farrah fawcett ' s . hair stylists attributed its appeal and popularity to its sheer length and style , along with its tendency to frame the face flatteringly . author mark smith described it as " a look that flatters almost everyone , designed to make women look beautiful " . the " rachel " is also ranked among the best and most iconic hairstyles of all @ - @ shows , with redbook placing it at number eight and maxim ranking it seventh . the huffington post wrote that the hair is one of " the most iconic television hairstyles of all time " . entertainment weekly ranked the " rachel " the eighth most iconic hairstyle . glamour magazine ranked the " rachel " fourth on the magazine ' s list of " the 100 greatest hairstyles of all time " . additionally , glamour magazine cited it among " the ten best hair to have on the small screen " , while naming it the most memorable hair in television history . the sydney morning herald named it the third best television hairstyle , while metro ranked the " rachel " the world ' s second @ - @ show hairstyle . ranked fourth on entertainment weekly ' s list of the " 100 greatest moments that changed tv " , the hair was named the most " iconic " hairstyle of the 2000s era . zahra barnes of self magazine joked that the character ' s hair was the " real gem of the show " , while its popularity led to virgin media calling it " the one with the hair " . ranking the " rachel " as one of tv ' s greatest hairstyles , laura carrillo of elle magazine believed that its popularity " helped make friends the phenomenon it was " . noting that it had few memorable catchphrases in comparison to its contemporaries , tom jicha of the baltimore sun attributed much of the show ' s legacy to the character , calling it the show ' s " biggest cultural trend " . erin white of complex magazine wrote that " with the popularity , the tv fame , and the natural flair for comedy . . . . , aniston became a major star " , alongside courteney cox . according to jimvorel of time said , " ' the rachel ' ... is the character ’ - defining ' " , calling it " the height of fashion " . in the third season episode " the one with the lesbian wedding " , rachel complains that her overbearing mother ( marlo thomas ) is trying to pattern her personal life with hers , lamenting , " couldn ' t she just have my haircut ? " although aniston later abandoned the " rachel " for a new , longer look , the hairstyle remained popular nonetheless . despite her success with the character , aniston disliked the hairstyle . she found applying the hair without mcmillan ' s help difficult , saying " i ' d tell chris every time i went to blowdry . it took three hours — it was like losing it ! " and that she would rather shave her head than have to wear it for the rest of her life . since aniston , several other celebrities have worn variations of the " rachel " , among them actresses cameron diaz , rachel mcadams , emma stone , reese williams , julia roberts , and tina fey , model tyra banks , and singer lily allen .