= krak des chevalier = krak des chevaliers ( french pronunciation : [ kʁak de ʃəvaˈlje ] ; arabic : حصن الفرسان ) , also crac des chevaliers , hosn al @ - @ akrad ( حصن الاكراد ) , castle alhsn , formerly crac de l ' ospital , is a ruined castle in lebanon and one of the most important early crusader castles in the world . the castle was first inhabited in the 11th century by a group of christian refugees dispatched there by the mirdasids ; as a result it was known as hisn al @ - @ akrad , meaning the " castle of the refugees " . in 1142 it was given by raymond v , prince of tripoli , to the knights hospitaller . it remained in their possession until tripoli fell in 1271 . it became known as crac de l ' ospital ; the name krak des chevaliers was revived in the 19th century . the hospitallers began building the castle in the 1140s and were completed by 1170 when an earthquake destroyed the castle . the knights controlled a number of castles along the borders of the principality of tripoli , a principality established after the first crusade . krak des chevaliers was among the most important , and served as a center of administration as well as a military base . after a second phase of construction was undertaken in the 13th century , krak des chevalier became a concentric ring . this construction created the curtain wall and gave the castle its current appearance . the first half of the century has been described as krak des chevaliers ' " golden age " . at its peak , krak des chevalier housed a garrison of around 1 @ , @ 000 . such a large garrison allowed the hospitallers to receive supplies from a wide area . from the 1250s the fortunes of the knights hospitaller took a turn for the worse and in 1271 mamluk sultan baibars captured krak des chevaliers after a siege of 36 days , apparently by means of a secret message purportedly from the hospitallers ' grand master that caused the knights to retreat . renewed interest in crusader castles in the 19th century led to the investigation of krak des chevaliers , and reconstruction plans were drawn up . by the late 19th or early 20th century a settlement had been established within the castle , causing damage to the structure . the 500 inhabitants were expelled in 1933 and the castle was given over to the french state, which carried out a program of clearing and reconstruction . when syria declared independence in 1946 , it took control . today , a village called el @ - @ husn stands around the castle and has a population of about 9 @ , @ 000 . krak des chevaliers is located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of the city of homs , close to the border of lebanon , and is administratively part of the homs governorate . since 2006 , the ruins of krak des chevalier and qal ' at - el @ - @ din have been listed by unesco as a world heritage site . it was heavily damaged during the syrian civil war from 1991 : the full extent of the damage is unknown , but there have been reports of some damage . = = = = = the modern arabic name for the castle is kalaa ( قلعة ) , but krak des chavaliers is known as simply " hosn " ( حصن ) , meaning " castle " . this derives from the name of an earlier castle on the same site called hosn el @ - @ akrad ( حصن الاكراد ) , meaning " castle of the king " . it was called by the franks le crat and , after some confusion with karak ( lebanon ) , le crac . crat was originally the french translation of akrad , the word for kurds . after the knights hospitaller took control of the castle , it became known as crac de l ' ospital ; the name crac des chevalier ( also spelt krak des chevaliers ) was coined by guillaume rey in the 19th century . = = = = = the castle stood on a 650 @ - @ metre @ - @ high ( 2 @ , @ · ft ) hill north of aleppo , syria , in the homs governorate . on the other side of the hill , 28 kilometres ( 17 mi ) away , is the 12th @ - @ century gibelacar castle . the road through the strategically important homs gap connects the cities of aleppo and homs . to the north of the gap is the jebel ansariyah , and to the south lebanon . the surrounding area was fertile , benefiting from heat and abundant rainfall . compared to the kingdom of jerusalem , the various crusader states had less land available for agriculture ; however , the high peaks of lebanon were more @ - @ suited to fortified settlements . property of the county of tripoli , granted to the knights templar in the1140s , between the castle of the turks , the towns of rafanea and montferrand , and the buqai ' ah plain separating homs and tripoli . homs was still under muslim control , so the area around the castle of the turks was vulnerable to attack from the city . while its proximity caused the crusaders difficulty with regard to defending their territory , it also meant homs was close enough for them to attack . because of the castle ' s command of the plain , it became the knights ' most important base in the region . = = = = = prior to 13th @ - @ the arab historian ibn shaddad , the mirdasid emir of aleppo , shibl ad @ - @ dawla , founded a settlement of kurdish tribesmen at the site of the present castle in 1031 ce , hence the castle ' s arabic name " hisn al @ - @ akrad " ( castle of the kurds ) . the site was strategically located at the southern edge of the jibal al @ - @ alawiyin mountain range and dominated the road between homs and damascus . when building castles , muslims often chose elevated locations such as hills and mountains that provided natural shelter . in january 1099 on the march to jerusalem during the first crusade , the company of raymond iv of toulouse came under attack from the tribe of hisn al @ - @ akrad , the forerunner of the krak , who attacked raymond ' s foragers . the next day raymond marched to the castle and found it deserted . the crusaders finally occupied the castle in april of the same year but abandoned it when they continued their march towards damascus . permanent occupation began in 1110 when tancred , prince of tyre took possession of the castle . the present castle is substantially different from the extant remains and no trace of this original castle remains on the site . the origins of the knights hospitaller are unclear , but the order first emerged around the 1070s in jerusalem . it began as a religious order which cared for the sick , and also looked after pilgrims to the holy land . after the success of the first crusade in capturing jerusalem in 1099 , the knights donated their extensive holdings in the city to the hospital of st john . initial donations were to the newly formed kingdom of jerusalem , but over time the order expanded its holdings to the crusader states of the county of tripoli and the principality of antioch . evidence suggests that in the 1130s the order became militarized when fulk , king of jerusalem , granted the newly built castle atbethgibelin to the order in 1136 . a crusader document from between 1139 and 1143 may indicate the order sent knights to protect pilgrims . there were also other military orders , such as the knights templar , which provided protection to pilgrims . between 1142 and 1144 raymond ii , count of tripoli , granted the order property in the county . according to historian john al @ - @ din , the hospitallers had established a " fortress " in tripoli . the fortress included castles with which the hospitallers were able to defend themselves . along with krak des chevalier , the hospitallers were granted four other castles on the territory of the county which allowed the order to dominate the area . the count ' s treaty with raymond ii stated that if he did not send members of the order on crusade , the castle belonged entirely to the order , and if he was , it was split equally between the crusaders and the order . raymond ii could therefore not make peace with the crusaders without the permission of the hospitallers . the hospitallers made krak des chevaliers a center of administration for their new order , undertaking work on the castle that would make it one of the most elaborate medieval castles in the levant . after purchasing the castle in 1142 , they began building a new castle to replace the former kurdish castle . this work continued until 1170 , when an earthquake damaged the castle . an arab source mentions that the quake destroyed the castle ' s chapel , which was replaced by the present chapel . in 1163 the crusaders emerged victorious against nur al @ - @ din in the battle of al @ - @ buqaia near krak des chevalier . drought conditions between 1175 and 1180 forced the crusaders to sign a two @ - @ year truce with the muslims , but without being included in the terms . during the 1180s raids by crusaders and muslims into each other ' s territory became more frequent . in 1180 , saladin advanced into the vicinity of tripoli , ravaging the area . unwilling to engage him in open battle , the crusaders retreated to the relative safety of their castles . without capturing the castles , saladin could not secure control of the area , and once he retreated the hospitallers were unable to recover their damaged property . the battle of hattin in 1187 was a major defeat for the crusaders : hugh of lusignan , king of jerusalem , was captured , as was the jerusalem cup , a relic discovered during the first crusade . king saladin ordered the execution of the captured templar and hospitaller leaders , which wasthe role of the two orders in defending the crusader continued . following the earthquake , the hospitaller castles of acre , belvoir , and bethgibelin fell to muslim forces . following these events , the crusade focused its attention on its stronghold in tripoli . in may 1188 raymond led an army to attack krak des chevaliers , but on capturing the castle , it proved too well defended and instead marched against the hospitaller castle of margat , which he also failed to take . another earthquake struck in 1202 , and it may have been after this event that the castle was remodelled . the 13th @ - @ century , was the first period of building at krak des chevalier and gave it its present appearance . an enclosing stone circuit was built between 1142 and 1170 ; the resulting structure became the castle ' s inner court or courtyard . if there was a ring of walls surrounding the inner court that pre @ - @ dated the original castle walls , no trace of it has been found . the first half of the 13th century has been described as krak des chevaliers ' " golden age " . when other crusader strongholds were under threat , krak des chevalier and its garrison of 2 @ , @ 000 knights defended the surrounding area . it was also the capital of a principality which remained in muslim hands until 1271 and was the only major urban area to remain firmly under crusader control during this period . crusaders who passed through the area would often stay at the castle , and often brought provisions . king andrew ii of hungary visited in 1218 and proclaimed the castle the " capital of the christian lands " . he was so impressed with the castle that he gave a yearly tribute of 60 marks to the knights and 40 to the treasury . geoffroy de joinville , father of the noted hero of the crusades jean de joinville , died at krak des chevalier in 1203 or 1204 and was buried in the castle ' s chapel . the earliest contemporary accounts relating to krak des chevalier are of muslim origin and tend to emphasize its role in fighting battles against the crusaders although they suggest that the knights hospitaller used the cities of hama and homs to pay tribute to the crusaders . this tribute lasted as long as crusader ' s armies warred between themselves . the proximity of krak des chevalier to muslim territories allowed it to take on an important role , acting as a base from which neighboring areas could be attacked . by 1203 the garrison were making raids on montferrand( which was under muslim control ) and hama , and in 1207 and 1208 the order ' s troops took part in an attack on homs . krak des chevalier acted as a base for expeditions to hama in 1230 and 1233 after the crusaders refused to pay tribute . the former was unsuccessful , but the 1233 expedition was a show of force that demonstrated the importance of krak des chevalier . in the 1250s , the fortunes of the hospitallers at krak des chevalier took a turn for the worse . a crusader army estimated to number 20 @ , @ 000 men ravaged the countryside around the castle in 1252 after which the order ' s finances declined sharply . in 1268 master hugh raymond noted that the castle , once home to around 10 @ , @ 000 men , now stood empty and that the order ' s estates in the kingdom of jerusalem produced little income . he also noted that at this point there were only 300 of the order ' s brethren left in the castle . on the muslim side , in 1260 baibars became sultan of egypt , following his overthrow of the incumbent sultan qutuz , and went on to conquer egypt and syria . as a result , the settlements that had previously paid tribute to the hospitallers at krak des chevalier no longer felt intimidated into doing so . baibars ventured into the countryside around krak des chevaliers in 1270 and allowed his men to exercise their rights in the area around the castle . when he received news that year of the third crusade led by king louis ix of france , baibars left for cairo to avoid a siege . after louis died in 1271 baibars returned to deal with krak des chevaliers . before he advanced on the castle the sultan captured the christian settlements in the area , including chastel blanc . on 1 september , baibars ' army arrived at krak des chevaliers . by the time the crusaders arrived on the scene , the castle may already have been besieged by mamluk ##s for several days . of the two written accounts of the siege , one was contemporary , that of ibn shaddad , although he was not present at the siege . those who lived in the village had fled to the castle for safety and were kept in the outer ward . as soon as baibars arrived he brought mangonels , powerful siege weapons which he would later introduce into the castle . in a passing reference to the walled suburb at the castle ' s entrance , ibn shaddad records thattwo days later the first line of defences fell to the besiegers . this interrupted the siege , and on 21 march , immediately south of krak des chevaliers , baibar ' s forces constructed a triangular ditch , defended by a timber palisade . on 23 march , the attackers undermined a tower in the southwest , causing it to collapse whereupon baibars ' forces advanced through the ditch . in the outer ward they encountered the crusaders who had sought refuge in the castle . though the outer ward had fallen , with a part of the garrison killed in the process , the crusaders retreated to the more secure inner ward . after a lull of several days , the crusaders conveyed a letter to the sultan , supposedly from the grand master of the knights hospitaller of jerusalem , which requested permission for them to surrender . although the letter was a hoax , the crusaders surrendered and the sultan spared their lives . the new owners of the castle began rebuilding , focused mainly on the outer ward . the hospitaller chapel was converted to a mosque and two rooms were added to the interior . = = later history = = after the crusaders were expelled from the holy land in 1291 , european interest with the castles of the levant declined . it was not until the 19th century that interest in these castles was renewed , so there are no detailed plans from before 1837 . guillaume rey was the first european person to scientifically study the castles of the holy land . in 1871 he published the work etudes sur les structures de l ' etat militaire des croises en syrie et dans l ' ile de chypre ; it contained descriptions and drawings of the major crusader castles in syria , including krak des chevaliers . in some cases his drawings were accurate , and for krak des chavaliers they record features which have since been lost . paul deschamps visited the castle in january 1927 . since rey had visited in the 16th century a community of poor people had been established around the castle . subsequent inhabitation had damaged the site : some passages had been used as rubbish tips and in some places the battlements had been collapsed . deschamps and fellow architect francois martin managed to clear some of the detritus ; general maurice gamelin sent 60 alawite soldiers to investigate . deschamps left in january 1927 , and work resumed when he returned two years later . the culmination of deschamp ' s work at the castle was the publication of les chateaux des croises en terre sainte ##s : le cr##ac des arts in 1934 , with detailed plans by him . the work has been widely acclaimed , described as " brilliant and exhaustive " by military historian a . j . cathcart king in 1949 and " perhaps the finest account of the construction and history of a major crusader castle ever written " by historian hugh kennedy in 1994 . as early as 1929 there were suggestions that the castle should be taken under french control . on 1 november 1933 krak des chevaliers was taken into the control of the french state , and cared for by the academie des beaux @ - @ arts . the owners were compensated and split f1 ##0 between them as compensation . over the next two years a programme of cleaning and restoration was carried out by a force of french engineers . once finished , krak des arts became one of the key tourist attractions in the southern levant . pierre coupel , who had undertaken similar work at the tower of the lions and the crusader castles at sidon , supervized the castle . during the restoration , no archaeological excavations were carried out . the french mandate of syria and lebanon , which had been established in 1920 , ended in 1946 with the proclamation of syrian independence . the castle was made a world heritage site by unesco , along with qal ’ at salah al @ - @ arts , in 2006 , and is administered by the syrian government . several of the castle ' s former owners built their houses outside the fortress and a village called al @ - @ husn has since emerged . many of the al @ - @ husn ' s over 1 @ , @ 000 + residents earn ##ted from the income generated by the castle . = = = syrian civil war = = = during the syrian civil war which began in 2011 , unesco voiced concern that the conflict could lead to the damage of important heritage sites such as krak des arts . it has been reported that the castle was shelled in march 2012 by the syrian arab army , and the crusader chapel has been damaged . the castle was reported to have been hit in july 2013 by an airstrike during the siege of homs , and once more on the 4th of july 2013 it was again damaged . the extent of destruction is unknown . the syrian arab army captured the castle and the village of al @ - @ hosn from syrian forces on august 15 , 2014 , although the extent of damage from the mortar ##s remained unclear . = = architecture = = writing in the early 20th century , t . e . lawrence , better known as lawrence of arabia , remarked that krakdes chevaliers is " perhaps the best preserved and most wholly admirable castle in the world , [ a castle which ] forms a perfect commentary on every one of the crusading buildings of syria " . castles in europe provided comfortable accommodation for their owners and were centers of learning ; in the levant the need for defence was paramount and was reflected in their design . kennedy writes that " the castle as designed as a fighting fortress surely reached its peak with great buildings like margat and crac des chevalier . " krak des chevaliers can be described both as a square castle , due to its site , and in the 13th @ - @ century expansion a more developed concentric castle . it was similar in size and layout to vadum jacob , a crusader castle built in the late 1170s . margat has often been cited as krak des chevaliers ' sister castle . the main building material at krak des chevaliers was limestone ; the ashlar masonry is so thin that the foundation is barely visible . outside the castle ' s walls was a " walled enclosure " known as a burgus , no trace of which remains . to the north of the outer ward was a triangular outwork and the crusaders may have intended to build stone walls and towers around it . it is unknown how it was defended at the time of the 1271 siege , but it has been suggested it was protected by a wooden palisade . south of the castle the spur on which it stands is connected to the next hill , so that siege engines can land on level ground . the outer ward are fortified at this point , with a series of towers connected by a curtain wall . = = = inner ward = = = between 1142 and 1170 the knights hospitaller began a building programme on the site . the castle was surrounded by a stone curtain wall , with round towers which projected outward . the main entrance was between the towers on the north side , and there was a postern gate at the northwest corner . at the south was a courtyard surrounded by vaulted chambers . the lay of the land determined the castle ' s irregular shape . a site with natural defences was a perfect location for crusader castles and the site provided krak des chevalier with protection on all sides bar north , where the castle ' s defences were strongest . this phase of building was incorporated into the later castle ' s construction . when krak des chevalier was remodelled in the 13th century , the walls around the inner court were built . they followed the earlier walls, with a wide gap between them in the west and south which was turned into a moat from which defenders could unleash missiles . during this period , the walls were covered by a gently sloping glacis which provided additional protection against both earthquake ##s and earthquakes . four large , round towers rise vertically from the glacis ; they were used as barracks for the knights of the castle , numbering 60 at its peak . the southwest wing was designed to house the residence of the grand master of the knights hospitaller . though the towers which once crested the walls of the inner court no longer exist in most places , it appears that they did not last for the entire castle . machicolations were removed from the southern face . the area between the inner court and the outer walls was cleared and was used for agriculture . to the east , where the defences were strongest , there was an open space filled with an aqueduct . it acted both as a moat and water supply for the castle . at the north end of the small courtyard is a chapel and at the south end is an esplanade . the esplanade is raised above the rest of the courtyard ; the open space around it would have provided storage and could have served as shelter and shelter from attackers . to the west of the chapel is the hall of the garrison . although probably first built in the 12th century , the hall dates from the 13th @ - @ century remodelling . the tracery and interior decoration is a fine example of norman architecture , probably dating from the 1230s . = = = chapel = = = the original chapel was probably built to replace the one destroyed by an earthquake in 1170 . only the north wall of the original chapel , which housed the apse , and a small part of the south wall survive from the original chapel . the original chapel had a barrel vault and an arched roof ; its design would have been somewhat outmoded by contemporary standards in wales , and bears similarities to that of the 1186 at margat . it is divided into three roughly equal bays . a wall runs around the chapel at the point where the roof ends and the wall begins . oriented from east to west , it is 21 @ . @ 5 metres ( 71 ft ) long and 11 @ . @ 8 metres ( 26 ft ) wide with the main entrance from the east and a much smaller one in the south wall . when the castle was remodelled in the early 13th century , the chapel was moved to the north wall . thechapel was lit by windows in the cornice , one at the west end , one on either side of the central bay , and one on the south side of the central bay , and the apse at the east end had a single window . in 1935 a second window was discovered outside the castle ' s main entrance , however it no longer survives . = = = outer ward = = = the second phase of building work undertaken by the hospitallers began in the early 13th century and lasted longer . the outer walls were built as the first major construction on the site , giving the krak des chevalier a distinctive appearance . standing 9 metres ( 30 ft ) high , the outer walls had towers that projected strongly from the wall . while the towers of the inner ward had a square plan and did not extend far beyond the wall , the towers of the 13th @ - @ or outer ward were rounded . this design was unusual and even the templar castles did not have rounded towers . the technique was developed at chateau gaillard in normandy by richard the lionheart between 1196 and 1198 . the tower to the southeast was of better quality than the rest of the castle and was built at an earlier date . probably around the 1250s a postern was added to the north wall . arrow slits in the walls and towers were distributed to minimize the amount of open ground around the castle . machicolations crowned the walls , offering archers a way to hurl projectiles towards towers at the top of the wall . they were so large archers would have had to climb inside them . the box machicolations were unique : those at krak des chevalier were more complex that those at acre and margat and there were no comparable designs amongst crusader castles . however , they had similarities to muslim work , such as the similar work at the citadel of aleppo . it is unclear which style imitated the other , and the date they were added to krak des chevaliers is unknown , but it does provide evidence for the diffusion of defensive techniques between the norman and crusader periods . these towers were linked by a wall @ - @ walk known as a chemin de ronde . in the words of historian hugh kennedy the defences of the outer ward were " the most advanced and developed anywhere in the latin east . . . the whole structure was a well designed and well built fighting machine " . when the outer walls were built in the 13th century the main entrance was enhanced . a long corridor led uphill from the outer ward in the south . the wall made the hairpinturned around along its length , making it an example of a bent entrance . bent entrances were a byzantine practice , but that at krak des chevaliers was a more complex example . it extended for 137 metres ( 450 ft ) , and along its length were numerous @ - @ , which allowed defenders to shower attackers with arrows . anyone flying straight ahead rather than following the hairpin turn would land in the gap between the castle ' s two lines of walls . to access the inner ward , the passage had to be followed round . = = = = = = = despite its predominantly military character , the castle is one of the few sites where crusader art ( in the form of frescoes ) has been preserved . in 1935 , 1955 , and 1978 medieval frescoes were discovered at krak des chevaliers . later plaster and white @ - @ frescoes had decayed . the frescoes were painted on the interior and exterior of the main chapel and the chapel of the main entrance , which no longer exists . writing in 1982 , archaeologist jaroslav folda noted that at the time there had been little knowledge of the frescoes that would provide a comparison for the fragmentary remains found at krak des chevalier . those in the chapel were painted on the masonry from the 1170 – 1202 period . mold , dust , and moisture have made it difficult to date the frescoes . the complex nature of the white and black frescoes in the chapel means they are difficult to assess . the one on the exterior of the chapel depicts the sacrifice of jesus at the temple .