= the importance of being earnest = the importance of being earnest , a trivial comedy for serious men is a play by oscar wilde . first performed on 1 january 1895 at the st james ' s theatre in london , it is a romantic comedy in which the characters maintain their personæ to their burdensome social obligations . set within the theatrical conventions of late 1890s london , the play ' s central themes are the triviality with which it treats institutions as serious as marriage , and the social satire of victorian ways . contemporary critics all praised the play ' s humour , though some were cautious about its apparent lack of social commentary , while others foresaw the modern view that it was the culmination of wilde ' s artistic career thus far . its comic farce and witty dialogue style helped make the importance of being earnest wilde ' s most enduringly popular play . the successful opening night marked the climax of wilde ' s career but also heralded his downfall . the marquess of queensberry , whose father lord alfred douglas was wilde ' s patron , planned to present the writer with a plate of rotten vegetables and disrupt the show . wilde was tipped off and queensberry was refused admission . however , their feud came to a climax in court , where wilde ' s own double life was revealed to the general public and he was eventually sentenced to death . his death caused the play , despite its early success , to be closed after three performances . after his release , he revived the play from paris in paris , but he produced no further comic or dramatic work . the importance of being earnest has been revived many times since its premiere . it has been adapted for the cinema on three occasions . in the importance of being earnest ( 1952 ) , dame edith evans reprised her celebrated interpretation of lady bracknell ; the importance of being earnest ( 1992 ) by kurt baker used an actor @ - @ supporting cast ; and oliver stone ' s the importance of being earnest ( 2002 ) incorporated much of wilde ' s original material cut during the run of the original london production . = = = = = following the success of wilde ' s plays lady windermere ' s fan and a lady of no importance , wilde ' s friends urged him to write more plays . in june 1894 wilde mooted his idea for the importance of being earnest to george lloyd , the actor @ - @ manager of the st james ' s theatre . he spent the summer with his family in worthing , where he wrote the play himself in august . his fame was at its height , he adopted the pen title " lancingto avoid pre @ - @ emptive ignorance of its contents . many characters and ideas in the play were drawn from people and places the author had known ; lady queensberry , lord alfred russell ' s mother , for example , lived at bracknell . there is general agreement among wilde scholars that the most important influence on the play was w . s . gilbert ' s 1877 farce engaged ; wilde learned from gilbert not only the lines but , in russell jackson ' s phrase " the type of character played by each of his actors " . wilde continually revised the text over the next decade : no line was left untouched , and " for a play so consonant with its tone and style , [ the revision ] had serious consequences " . sos eltis describes wilde ' s writing as a fine art at work : the earliest , early handwritten drafts of the play gloss over absurd situations , clever puns , nonsense dialogue and conventional comic turns . in writing as he did , " wilde transformed standard nonsense into the more sophisticated and sophisticated language which characterises earnest ' s play " . richard ellmann argues that wilde had reached his literary maturity and wrote this play more surely and effectively than gilbert . wilde hesitated in submitting the script to alexander , fearing that it might be unsuitable for the st james ' s theatre , whose theatrical repertoire was less serious , and explaining that it had been written in response to a request for a play " with no particular literary interest " . when st james ' s de domville failed , alexander wrote to wilde and agreed to work on his script . alexander began his own meticulous preparation , interrogating the author of each line and planning stage rehearsals with a london theatre . in the course of these rehearsals alexander asked wilde to shorten the play from four acts to three . wilde revised and extended parts of the second and third acts . the only change was the removal of the character of mr . gribsby , a solicitor who arrives from london to collect the profligate " ernest " ( i . e . , jack ) for his annual dining bill . algernon , who is identified as " ernest " , will be taken away to holloway prison unless he pays his bill promptly . jack finally agrees to work for ernest , everyone thinking that it is algernon ' s fault when in fact it is his fault . the four @ - @ act structure was first played on the bbc in a bbc broadcast and is still sometimes performed . peter raby suggests that the four @ - @ act structureis very good , and that the shorter original text is more theatrically effective than the longer revised edition . = = = = = = = = = = = = the play was first produced at the st james ' s theatre on valentine ' s day 1895 . it was bitterly cold but wilde was dressed in " splendid costume " , wearing a red carnation . the audience , according to one report , " included many friends of the great and great , former prime ministers and privy councillors , as well as actors , writers , artists , and enthusiasts " . allan aynesworth , who played algernon moncrieff , recalled to hesketh pearson that " in my twenty @ - @ - years of acting , i cannot remember a greater night than [ that ] first night " . aynesworth was himself " debonair and charming " , and wilde , who played jack worthing , " demure " . the cast included : jack worthing , j . b . — george , algernon moncrieff — allan aynesworth rev . henry wilson , m . l . — rev . h . vincent merriman — alexander dyall sir — j . de peile lady bracknell — lady leclercq hon . gwendolen fairfax — irene vanbrugh cecily cardew — evelyn millard lady prism — mrs . george canninge the duke of queensberry , the father of wilde ' s lover , alfred nobel ( who was on holiday in france at the time ) , had attempted to disrupt the play by throwing a bouquet of rotten flowers at the duke when he took his bow at the end of the show . wilde and alexander learned of the plan , and the duke refused queensberry ' s ticket and called for alexander to bar his entrance . however , he began harassing wilde , and eventually launched a successful prosecution against the peer for criminal libel , triggering a series of lawsuits resulting in wilde ' s imprisonment for gross misconduct . alexander tried , unsuccessfully , to save the play by removing wilde ' s name from the credits , but the play had to close after only 86 performances . the play ' s first broadway production opened at the empire theatre on 22 september 1895 , and closed after sixteen performances . the cast included william faversham as algy , henry wilson as jack , viola davis as gwendolen , and constance vernon as lady bracknell . the australian premiere opened in melbourne on 1 august 1895 , presented by dion boucicault, jr . and robert brough , and the play was an immediate success . wilde ' s downfall in england did not affect the popularity of his plays in australia . = = = critical reception = = = in contrast to much theatre of the time , the importance of being earnest ' s social comedy does not address serious social and political issues , something of which many critics were wary . although unsure of wilde ' s seriousness as a playwright , they praised the play ' s wit , humour and popularity with audiences . george bernard shaw , for example , praised the play in the saturday review , saying that comedy should entertain as much as amuse , " and go to the bed to be put to sleep . " later in a letter he said , the play , although " extremely funny " , was wilde ' s " first truly serious [ play ] " . in the spectator , william archer wrote that he had enjoyed seeing the play but found it to be devoid of character , " what can a theatre critic do with a play which has no principle , whether of art or science , only its own canons and rules , and is nothing but an almost wilful imitation of an irrepressibly witty play ? " in the spectator , j . b . walkley admired the play and was one of few to regard it as the culmination of wilde ' s dramatic style . he felt the term " farce " was derogatory , or even used in seriousness , and said " it is of them all compact , and such nonsense , i fear , our stage has never seen . " h . g . wells , in an unsigned review for the london evening gazette , called it one of the freshest plays of the year , saying " more humorous than with theatrical matters that would be difficult to understand . " he also wondered whether people would actually see its success , " . . . how seriously people will take this trivial play intended for their learning is to be seen . no , seriously . " the play was so light @ - @ hearted that many critics compared it to comic opera rather than comedy . w . h . lawrence later called it " a pure comic opera " , and the times wrote , " the story is far too preposterous to go without telling . " john mccarthy , in theatres and spectacles ( 1959 ) , disagreed , and despite thinking the play extremely funny , would call it " a comic idyll " ; " wilde is the hero and the main character . " the importance of being earnest is wilde' s most popular , and most frequently revived . max beerbohm called the play wilde ' s " finest , most of his own " , saying that all his earlier comedies — had windermere ' s lover , a woman of great beauty and an ideal husband — the play , following the example of victorien sardou , is unrelated to the rest of the work , while in earnest the story is " transformed " into the form of the play . = = = revivals = = = until after wilde ' s death in 1900 his reputation was disgraced , and few read , let alone performed , his work in public . alexander saw the play in a new theatre in notting hill , in the west end , in 1901 ; in the same year he took the piece on tour , appearing at worthing with a cast including the young lilian braithwaite as cecily . the play returned to the west end when alexander presented a revival at the st james ' s in 1902 . further productions were mounted in 1902 and again in 1910 , each production running for six weeks . a critical edition of wilde ' s works , published in 1908 and edited by alexander ross , helped to restore his reputation as an author . wilde directed a revival of the play at the st james ' s in 1909 , when he and aynesworth reprised their original roles ; the production ran for 316 performances . max beerbohm said that the play was destined to become a classic of the english repertory , and that its material was as good now as when it had been written , but that the actors had " changed as much in the play " . for a 1913 production at the same theatre the young actors gerald ames and a . e . gray succeeded the creators as jack and algy . tom deverell as jack and margaret scudamore as lady bracknell headed the cast in a 1923 production at the haymarket theatre . many critics in the first decades of the 20th century treated " the 1890s " as the current year . it was not until the 1920s that the trend for 1890s costumes was established ; as a critic for the manchester guardian put it , " thirty years on , one begins to think that wilde should be dressed in the costume of his period — that his work today has the backing of the people that gave it life and truth . … wilde ' s long and complex verbal lines go along with the shingle and the long dress . " in sir nigel playfair ' s 1930 production at the lyric , hammersmith , john gielgu##d played opposite to the lady bracknell of his novel , mabel ##le @ - @ lewis . wilde directed and starred in a production at the globe ( now the gielgud ) theatre in 1939 , in a cast that included edith evans as lady bracknell , joyce carey as gwendolen , angela baddeley as cecily and margaret rutherford as miss prism . the times called the production the best since the original , and praised it for its fidelity to wilde ' s conception , its " airy , silly , @ - @ - quality . " later in the same year gielgud presented the work again , with jack evans as algy , gwen ffrangcon @ - @ davies as gwendolen and peggy ashcroft as cecily , with evans and carey in their previous roles . the production was revived in several venues during and after the second world war , with mostly the three original players . during a 1946 performance at the haymarket the king and queen attended a performance , which , as the journalist geoffrey wheatcroft put it , gave the audience " a final moment of life . " the production toured north america , and was first staged on broadway in 1947 . as wilde ' s work continues to be read and performed today , it was the importance of being earnest that received the first revival . at the time of its centenary the journalist john lawson described it as " the second most known and quoted play in britain after wilde . " for sir peter hall ' s 1982 production at the national theatre the cast included judi dench as lady bracknell , martin jarvis as jack , nigel havers as algy , zoe bell as gwendolen and anna massey as miss prism . nicholas hytner ' s 1993 production at the aldwych theatre , starring maggie smith , had no objection to the supposed romantic subtext . in 2005 the abbey theatre , dublin , produced the play with an all @ - @ male cast ; it also featured wilde as a narrator — the play ended with him drinking in a london cafe , reminiscent of his childhood . the roundabout theatre company produced a revival in january 2011 with geoffrey rush as lady bracknell . in 2011 the roundabout theatre company produced a new revival based on the 2009 stratford international festival production featuring brian bedford as director and as lady bracknell . it opened at the american airlines theatre on 13 january and ran until 3 february 2011 . the cast also included jill ivey as miss prism , tom whitehead as young jack , santino fontana asalgernon , richard o ' brien as ernest , elizabeth parry as cecily , charles furr as jack and sara topham as gwendolen . it was nominated for two tony awards . the play was also presented internationally , in singapore , in october 2004 , at the british columbia playhouse , and the same company transferred it to london ' s greenwich theatre in april 2005 . = = synopsis = = the play is set in " the country " ( i . e . 1895 ) . = = = act i = = = algernon moncrieff ' s flat in half ##ord ##way , london the play opens with algernon moncrieff , an idle young man , and his best friend , john worthing , whom he addresses as ernest . ernest has come from the country to propose to algernon ' s daughter , gwendolen fairfax . algernon , however , refuses his consent until ernest explains why his cigarette case bears the inscription , " from dear cecily , with her best friend to her dear uncle john . " ' ernest ' is forced to admit to living a double life . in the country , he assumes a professional identity for the benefit of his young mistress , the actress cecily cardew , and goes by the name of john ( or , as a joke , jack ) , while claiming that he must worry about a wastrel younger brother named ernest in london . in the city , however , he assumes the identity of the real ernest . algernon confesses a further secret : he happens to have an invalid friend named bunbury in the country , whom he can " borrow " whenever he wishes to avoid an unpleasant financial obligation . jack refuses to tell algernon the location of his country estate . gwendolen and her formidable aunt lady bracknell now spy on algernon and lock lady bracknell in her room while he proposes to gwendolen . she accepts , but seems to hate him , largely for his professed name of ernest . he then refers to himself to be rechristened " ernest " . joining them in this strange adventure , lady bracknell interviews jack as a prospective father . horrified to learn that he was adopted after being abandoned as a baby in a handbag in the park , she refuses him and jack any contact with her son . gwendolen , though , manages only to express to him her undying love . when he gives her his address in the country , algernon surre##ptitiously writes notes on the inside of his sleeve : jack ' s revelation of his beautiful and mysterious young wife has prompted his decision to marry her . = = = act ii = = = the room of the manor house , woolton cecily is staying with her governess , miss prism . algernon arrives , pretending to be ernest worthing , and quickly charms cecily . though spoiled by sir jack ' s previously unknown black sheep brother , she is predisposed to fall for algernon in his role of ernest ( a role she , like gwendolen , is apparently particularly fond of ) . therefore , algernon , meanwhile , plans for the rector , dr . jones , to rechristen him " ernest " . jack , meanwhile , has decided to abandon his private life . he arrives in full costume and announces his wife ' s death in paris of a severe illness , a story undermined by algernon ' s presence in the guise of ernest . gwendolen then appears , having run away from home . during the temporary absence of the two men , she encounters cecily , a woman falsely declaring that she is the one married to " ernest " . when jack and algernon arrive , their deceptions are exposed . = = = act iii = = = = @ - @ room at the manor house , woolton , in search of her husband , lady bracknell is shocked to be told that algernon and cecily are engaged . the arrival of cecily ' s trust fund soon dispels lady bracknell ' s initial doubts about the young lady ' s intentions , but the engagement is forbidden by her own father : he will consent only if lady bracknell agrees to his own relationship with gwendolen — something she refuses to do . the impasse is resolved by the return of miss prism , whom lady bracknell recognises as the woman who , twenty @ - @ eight years earlier , as a family nursemaid , had taken a baby out for a walk in a carriage ( a carriage ) and never returned . challenged , miss prism reveals that she had accidentally put the manuscript of the novel she was writing in the perambulator , and the baby in the carriage , which she had left at the station . jack signs the very same document , stating that he is the same person , the elder son of lady bracknell ' s late husband , and that lady algernon ' sher brother . having acquired such respectable status , he is acceptable as a suitor for gwendolen after all . gwendolen , though , still insists that she can only love a man named ernest . what is her husband ' s real first name ? lady bracknell informs jack that , as the first @ - @ son , he would have been named after his father , ernest moncrieff . jack checks the army records and discovers that his father ' s name — and hence his own real name — was in fact ernest . pretence was reality all along . as the happy couple embrace — jack and gwendolen , algernon and cecily , and then dr . prism and miss prism — lady bracknell says to her newfound relative : " my dear , you seem to be showing signs of melancholy . " " on the contrary , lady augusta " , he replies , " i ' ve now realised for the first time in my life the vital importance of being earnest . " = = = = = = = = triviality = = = arthur ransome described the play . . . as the most beautiful of wilde ' s early plays , and the only one that has " that peculiar exhilaration of the spirit by which we know the world . " " it works " , he wrote , " precisely because it is so trivial that it is not ugly . " ellmann says that the importance of being earnest draws on the themes wilde had been building since the 1880s — the subject of the poses is well known and wilde takes it as a starting point for the two protagonists . whereas love , an ideal husband and the picture of dorian gray had dwelt on less serious topics , love in earnest is represented by algy ' s craving for cheese sandwiches . wilde told robert browning that the play ' s theme is " that we should treat all trivial things in life very seriously , and all the things of life with a deep and honest interest . " the theme is hinted at in the play ' s opening title , and " earnestness " is also referred to in the title , algernon saying in act ii , " one has to be serious about something if one is to have any pleasure in life " and goes on to praise jack for ' being serious about everything ' " . blackmail and adultery had characterized the private lives of dorian gray and sir henry chiltern ( in an ideal husband ) , but in earnest the protagonists ' relationship ( al##gernon ' s " bunburying " and worthing ' s double ( as jack and ernest ) is used for " political purposes — and to avoid serious social problems . while much theatre of the period addressed serious social and political issues , earnest is superficially about nothing at all . earnest " refuses to play the game " of other dramatists of the period , for example bernard shaw , who used their plays to draw attention to his ideals . = = = as a satire of society = = = the play also references victorian traditions and social customs , marriage and the nature of love in general . in victorian times earnestness was considered to be the over @ - @ - social norm , originating in the attempts to reform the lower classes , and spreading to the upper ones too throughout the century . the play ' s original title , with its apparent irony ( serious people do so because they do not write serious things ) , suggests the opposite , it continues in the drawing room saying , " yes , but you cannot be serious about it . i see people who are not serious about love . it is so shallow of them , " says algernon in act i ; allusions are numerous and from many angles . earnest attempts both to engage with and to mock the genre , while providing social commentary and offering reform . the men practice traditional marriage rites , whereby suitors confess their faults to their prospective brides , but the details they reveal are exaggerated , and the plot is built around an absurd tale of a book and a baby . when jack lies to gwendolen during his marriage , it is for not being honest : jack : gwendolen , it is a terrible thing for a man to find out suddenly that all his life he has been speaking nothing but the truth . can you forgive me ? gwendolen : i can . for i feel that you are sure to understand . in addition , both gwendolen and cecily have the ideal of marrying a man named ernest , a wealthy and respected man at the time . gwendolen , not unlike her sister ' s careful analysis of john worthing ' s character as a man , places her whole faith in a safe name , declaring in act i , " the only truly safe name is ernest " . this is an opinion shared by cecily in act ii , " i love any young married woman whose husband is not named ernest " and they both declare that they have been married when they find out themen ' s first class . wilde translated society ' s rules and rituals directly into lady bracknell : minute attention to the details of her style creates a comic effect of assertion and observation . in contrast to her intimate knowledge of the social context of london ' s street life , jack ' s illegitimate parentage is also evoked . he defends himself against her " a line ? " with the phrase , " the a line " . at the time , victoria station consisted of three separate but adjacent terminal stations sharing the same platform . to the east was the down lc & dr railway , to the west the up @ - @ market lb & scr — the main line , which led to worthing , the large , expensive station the man who found out he was travelling to at the time ( and at which jack was born ) . = = = suggested homosexual subtext = = = it has been suggested that the play ' s themes of loneliness and ambivalence are inextricably bound up with wilde ' s character , and that the play has a " flickering code @ - @ word of … sexual desire " . on the @ - @ reading the play after his release from prison , wilde remarked : " it was extraordinary reading the play over . how i love to toy with that private life . " as one critic has put it , the absolute need for writers of the period to " need a public face was a factor contributing to the development of social issues . " the use of the word earnest may have been a deliberate code @ - @ joke . in 1892 , three years before wilde wrote the play , john gambril nicholson had published the book of pederastic poems , in earnest . the list of boys ' names included the lines : " if frank can ring the silver bell / and cecil the music , / they cannot work the same / – ' s ernest sets my heart to @ - @ love . " the word " earnest " may also have been a code @ - @ word for himself , as in : " is he so ? " , in the same way that " is he so ? " and " is he so ? " were used . sir donald sinden , an actor who had met two of the play ' s original cast ( irene dunne and allan aynesworth ) , and sir alfred russell , wrote to the times to dismiss suggestions that " earnest " held any homosexual connotations : although they had ample evidence , at the timedid any of them ever know that " love " was a word for love , or that " bunburying " might have meant homosexual sex . the last time i heard it , was in the 1980s and i immediately called on john gielgud whose own performance of jack worthing in the same play was legendary and whose knowledge of theatrical lore was encyclopaedic . he said in his own voice : " no @ - @ no ! nonsense , absolute nonsense : i would have laughed " . a number of theories have also been put forward to explain the derivation of bunbury , and bunburying , which are used in the play to imply a homosexual sex life . it may have derived from henry shirley bunbury , a mutual acquaintance of wilde ' s youth . another theory , put forward in 1913 by aleister crowley , who knew wilde , is that bunbury was a magic word : that wilde had once taken train to banbury , was a schoolboy there , and had a very secret meeting with him at sunbury . = = = analysis = = = = = use of language = = = while wilde had long been known for wit and his use of language , raby ( 1988 ) argues that he achieved a mastery and mastery in language that is unmatched in his other plays , except for salome . while his other comedies suffer from an ambiguity resulting from the thematic clash between the trivial and the sublime , earnest has a = @ - @ - style that allows these to occur . there are three vocal registers used in the play . the dandyish insouciance of jack and algernon — established early with algernon ' s conversation with his friend — suggests an apparent unity between their differing personalities . the opening pronouncements of lady bracknell are as startling for her use of language and literary devices as for her disconcerting speech . in contrast , the speech of dr . chasuble and the prism is characterized by " pedantic precept " and " idiosyncratic language " . overall , the play is full of errors and paradoxes . herbert beerbohm described it as littered with " chiselled apophthegms — witticisms unrelated to action or character " , of which he found about a hundred to be of the highest quality . lady bracknell ' s line , " whose handbag ? " , has been called one of the mostmalleable , the drama , lend itself to reactions ranging from amused to confused to baffled . edith evans , both on stage and in the 1952 film , delivered the line , in a mixture of amusement , disgust and confusion . stockard channing , in the abbey theatre , dublin in 2010 , hushed the line , in one critic ' s words , " with a barely audible ' a what ? ' , rapidly swallowed up with a sharp intake of breath . an odd take , to be sure , but with such a well @ - @ known play , packed full of witticisms and aphorisms with a life of their own , it ' s the little things that make the difference . " = = = characterisation = = = though wilde introduced characters that were by now familiar — the young lord , the overbearing lady , the woman with a past , the # ##ical lady — his play is different than in his earlier works . lady bracknell , for instance , embodies respectable , upper @ - @ class society , but eltis notes how her transformation " from the familiar young lady into a quirkier and more disturbing woman " can be traced through wilde ' s adaptation of the play . for the two young lovers , wilde presents not only stage " characters " but human beings who , as he puts it , " speak to their audience in well @ - @ known english sentences and never in slang or old @ - @ slang " . dr prism and miss prism are characterised by a few light touches of detail , their old @ - @ , ##ness , and the canon ' s fastidious ##ness , pared down by wilde during his many revisions of the play . = = = structure and character = = = ransome argues that wilde freed himself by abandoning the dialogue , the narrative structure which underlies his earlier social plays , and focusing the story entirely on the henry / ernest verbal dialogue . now far from " standing up to a situation more serious than earnest " wilde could only express himself to a fuller extent with slang , bons @ - @ slang , words and phrases that really had nothing to do with the business at hand . the genre of the importance of being earnest has been much debated by scholars and critics , who have placed the play within a wide variety of genres ranging from parody to satire . in his study ofwilde , foster argues that the play creates a world where “ real things are real [ and ] , reason and unreason are interchanged " . similarly , wilde ' s use of dialogue mocks the upper classes of victorian england lending the play a satirical tone . reinhart also stipulates that the use of black humour to mock the upper classes " marks the play both as satire and as drama " . = = publication = = = = = first edition = = = wilde ' s two unfinished comedies , an ideal husband and the importance of being earnest , were still on sale in london at the time of his prosecution , and they were subsequently banned as the details of his trial became known . after two years in prison with hard labour , wilde went into exile in paris , sick and depressed , his reputation ruined in england . in 1898 , when 1 @ - @ - else would , charles smithers negotiated with wilde to publish the two completed plays . wilde proved to be a successful reviser , leaving detailed notes on stage directions , character ##isation and the contents of the book , and insisting that the scenes from the first performance be reproduced first . ellmann argues that the proofs show a man " very much in command of himself and of the play " . wilde ' s name does not appear on the cover , which reads " by the name of lady windermere ' s lover " . his return to england was difficult and , as he refused to write anything else , " i cannot write , i have lost the joy of writing " . on 19 may 2007 , the first edition ( number 349 of 1 @ , @ 000 ) was found in a handbag in an oxfam shop in nantwich , cheshire . police were unable to catch the thief . it was sold for £ 650 . = = = literal translation = = = the importance of being earnest ' s popularity has ensured it has been translated into many languages , but the obvious pun in the title ( " ernest " , a masculine proper name , and " earnest " , the virtue of steadfastness and honesty ) poses a serious challenge for translators . the easiest way of a literal translation of the pun , given its tone and meaning , may have been a translation into german . since english and german are closely related languages , wilde has an english name ( " ernest " ) and also a matching masculine proper name ( " frank " ) . the meaning and tenor of the wordplay are exactly the same . yet there are many other possibleand in german , especially concerning sentence structure . the two most common translations are " bunbury oder ernst / ernst sein ist alles " and " bunbury oder wie wichtig es ist , ernst / ernst und sein " . in his study of italian translations , david pable found eight different versions of the titles . since wordplay is often unique to the language in question , translators are left with a choice of either staying faithful to the original — in this case the english adjective and noun earnest — or creating a similar translation in their own language . two different approaches have been used by translators . the first leaves all characters ' names unchanged and retains their original context : here the name is respected and made aware of the original cultural context , but the meaning of the name is lost . eva malagoli follows this same @ - @ oriented approach by using both the english christian name and the adjective earnest , thus preserving the meaning and the original character of the play , while not misleading an italian audience . a second group of translators replaced ernest with a name that also represents a virtue in the english language , preferring transparency for purposes of translation over fidelity to the original . for instance , in italian , these versions variously translate the play l ' importanza di essere leone / severo / fedele , the two names being respectively the virtues of honesty , propriety , and loyalty . there is a slight pun : " constant " represents both a christian virtue and the virtue of love , so the play is also known as de l ' importance d ' etre constant , and jean herbert translated the play with the title : il est regard d ' etre aime ( " aime " is a word which literally means " beloved " ) . these translators differ in their attitude to the original english honorific ##s , some change them entirely , some not , and most put a name aside as a compensation for the perceived loss of englishness . however , one translation gave the name an italianate flavor by spelling it as ernesto ; this work also mixed proper nouns from both languages . = = = = = = = = = = = = apart from the " made @ - @ for @ - @ + " versions , the importance of being earnest has been adapted for the source @ - @ + cinema at least three times , first in 1952 by anthony asquith who wrote the screenplay and directed it . richard denison ( algernon ) , michael redgrave ( jack ) , edith evans ( mary brack##nell ) , dorothy tutin ( cecily ) , joan greenwood ( gwendolen ) , and margaret lindsay ( miss prism ) and miles malleson ( doctor chasuble ) were among the cast . in 1992 kurt russell directed a version with an all @ - @ black cast with daryl keith smith as ernest , wren t . williams as algernon , ann weldon as lady bracknell , lanei jones as cecily , chris calloway as gwendolen , cch pounder as miss prism , and brock peters as doctor chasuble , set in the united states . alan parker , an english director who had previously adapted an ideal husband by wilde , directed the 2002 film ; it starred colin firth ( jack ) , rupert everett ( algy ) , judi dench ( lady bracknell ) , reese witherspoon ( cecily ) , frances o ' connor ( gwendolen ) , anna massey ( miss prism ) , and tom wilkinson ( doctor chasuble ) . wilkinson ' s adaptation introduced the character of mr . gribsby who pursues jack to hertfordshire ( present in wilde ' s original play , but absent at the time of the film ' s first production ) . algernon too is pursued by a gang of thugs in the final scene . = = = plays and musicals = = = in 1960 , ernest in london was produced off @ - @ broadway . the japanese all @ - @ female musical comedy troupe takarazuka revue revived this play in 2005 in two productions , one by moon troupe and the other one by flower troupe . in 1963 , erik chisholm composed an opera from the play , using wilde ' s play as the libretto . in 1964 , gerd natschinski composed the musical mein freund bunbury based on the play , 1964 premiered at metropol in berlin . according to a study by robert tanitch , before 2002 there had been several successful adaptations of the play as a whole , but " never with conspicuous success " . the earliest such version was a 1927 american musical , oh ernest . the journalist john bostridge wrote , " the score of the 1957 musical version , love in earnest , deposited in the british library , is even less encouraging . the curtain rises on algy strumming away at the piano , singing ' i will play it , sir ' . other songs include — the famous — ' to bunburying i will go ' . " gerald barry in the 2011 film , the importance of being earnest , commissioned bythe los angeles playhouse and the arts centre in london . it was premiered in los angeles in 2011 . the stage premiere was performed by the opera national de lorraine in lorraine , france in 2013 . = = = radio and television = = = there have been many radio versions of the play . in 1925 the bbc broadcast an adaptation with hesketh pearson as jack worthing . further adaptations of the play followed in 1927 and 1936 . in 1977 , bbc radio 4 broadcast the first @ - @ act version of the play , with fabia smith as lady bracknell , richard pasco as lane , jeremy clyde as algy , maurice denham as canon chasuble , sylvia coleridge as miss prism , barbara leigh @ - @ hunt as gwendolen and prunella scales as cecily . the production was later released on dvd . to mark the centenary of the first performance of the play , radio 4 broadcast a radio adaptation on 13 december 1995 ; directed by glyn dearman , it starred judi dench as lady bracknell , michael hordern as lane , michael sheen as jack worthing , martin clunes as algernon moncrieff , john moffatt as canon lane , miriam margolyes as miss prism , samantha morton as gwendolen and amanda root as cecily . the production was later released on audio cassette . on 13 december 2000 , bbc radio 4 broadcast a new adaptation directed by andrew davies with geraldine mcewan as lady bracknell , simon russell beale as jack worthing , john wadham as algernon moncrieff , geoffrey rush as canon chasuble , celia imrie as miss prism , linda hamilton as gwendolen and emma thompson as cecily , with music composed by maurice muldowney . the production was released on audio cassette . a 1964 commercial television adaptation starred ian carmichael , patrick macnee , susannah york , fenella fielding , pamela brown and irene handl . bbc television transmissions of the play have included a 1974 play of the month , starring joan sims as lady bracknell with john jayston , stanley holloway , gemma jones and celia bannerman . john burge directed an adaptation in 1986 with a cast including gemma jones , alec mccowen , paul mcgann and joan plowright . it was adapted for bbc television in 1957 . = = = audio cassette = = = gielgud ' s score is preserved on an emi lp recording made from 1952 , which also includes edith wharton ' s lady bracknell . theit also included roland culver ( algy ) , jean cadell ( miss prism ) , pamela lee ( gwendolen ) and celia johnson ( cecily ) . other audio recordings include a " columbia masterworks " version from 1953 , adapted and conducted by margaret mitchell , with a cast including maurice chevalier , lucile watson and mildred natwick ; a 1989 recording by the state radio network , featuring dan o ' herlihy jeanette nolan , john tremayne and richard erdman ; and one by l . a . theatre ##works , in 2009 , featuring david busch , john marsters and andrea bowen .