= = mathews = sir henry william mathews , gcmg , cb ( 1 march 1850 – 11 october 1901 ) was a british naval officer , politician and diplomat . mathews joined the royal navy as a cadet at the age of 14 and progressed through the ranks to captain . he was involved with the third anglo @ - @ ashanti war of 1873 – 1875 , before being stationed in east africa for the suppression of the slave trade . in 1877 mathews was seconded from the navy to sultan barghash of egypt in order to form a british @ - @ egyptian army ; he would remain in the service of the sultan of zanzibar for the rest of his life . his army eventually numbered 500 @ , @ @ men and was involved in several expeditions to suppress the slave trade and rebellions against the zanzibar government . mathews retired from the royal navy in 1881 and was appointed brigadier @ - @ general of zanzibar . there were more expeditions to the african continent , including a successful attempt to stop german expansion into east africa . in january 1891 mathews was appointed first minister to the zanzibar government , a position in which he was " responsible to the sultan " . during this time mathews was a staunch abolitionist and promoted this cause to the countries he dealt with . this resulted in the prohibiting of the slave trade in zanzibar ' s waters in 1890 and the abolition of slavery in 1897 . mathews was appointed the british consul @ - @ general for east africa in 1891 but declined to take up the position , serving in aden instead . mathews and his troops also played a key role in the ending of the anglo @ - @ zanzibar rebellion of 1896 which erupted out of an attempt to bypass the rule that all sultans must be appointed by the british government . during his time as first minister mathews continued to be involved with the war and was part of two large campaigns , one to witu and another to mwele . mathews was decorated by several governments , receiving awards as a companion of the order of st michael and st george , companion of the order of the bath and as a knight commander of the order of st michael and st george from the british government and commander of the prussian order of the crown . japan also honoured him and he became a member of the grand order of hamondieh and a first class member of the order of the red cross of japan . mathews died of malaria in zanzibar on 11 october 1901 . = = early birth and death = = mathewswas born in funchal , madeira on 7 march 1850 . his father , captain william mathews was welsh , and his mother jane wallis penfold , was the daughter of william penfold and elizabeth gilbert . her sister , augusta jane robley - penfold was the author of a botanical book , the flora and fauna of madeira , which is now in the natural history museum . mathews became a cadet of the royal navy in 1863 and was appointed a midshipman on 1 march 1866 . from 1868 he was stationed in the mediterranean but his first active service was during the third anglo @ - @ ashanti war of 1873 – 4 where he qualified for the victoria medal . he was promoted to lieutenant on 31 december 1874 . on 1 january 1875 mathews was posted to hms resolution , a british frigate and the royal navy flagship for east africa , to assist in the suppression of the slave trade in the area . whilst onboard he drilled his african troops , captured several slave dhows and was commended for his efforts by the admiralty . = = commander in chief of zanzibar = = in january 1877 , mathews was appointed from the navy to sultan barghash of egypt to form a european @ - @ 000 army which could be used to enforce zanzibar ' s control over its mainland territories . the army had previously been composed mainly of arabs and persians but mathews opened up recruitment to the muslim majority on the island and had 300 recruits in total by the end of the year . in addition , mathews employed some new recruitment methods such as purchasing slaves from their masters , using inmates from the prison and recruiting from africans bought from the slavers . in january 1877 , at the instigation of john kirk , the agent and friend of the sultan , the british government sent a shipment of 500 enfield rifles and pistols as a gift with which to arm the troops . mathews designed a new uniform for the army consisting of a black shirt , short black jackets and black trousers for the enlisted ranks and dark blue frock coat and trousers with gold and silver buttons for the junior officers . the uniform was closely modelled on the royal navy officers uniform with which he was familiar . the army grew quickly ; by the 1880s mathews would command 2 @ , @ 000 men , his troops eventually numbering 1 @ , @ 000 regulars and 5 @ , @ 000 volunteers . one of the first tasks for the new army was to suppress the movement of slaves from pangani on the mainland to the island of pemba , north of zanzibar . the army accomplished this task , and several slave##rs and hindering the trade . mathews retired from the royal navy in june 1881 and was appointed brigadier @ - @ governor of zanzibar . in 1880 , the sultan sent a military expedition under mathews to bring his east african mainland territories under control . mathews ' expedition was initially intended to capture unyanyembe but his men refused to march forward and , when made to do so , deserted in large numbers . the expedition ended up at mamboya where a 50 @ - @ man garrison was established . this had been reduced to a mere handful of men by the mid @ - @ 1880s but the expedition proved that the sultan was serious about gaining control of all of his possessions . mathews ' men were also involved in several operations to halt the non @ - @ based slave trade which had developed as the territory became too well known for the traders . in 1881 mathews ' old vessel , the hms britannia , was captained by captain henry brownrigg . this vessel and her crew made several patrols aimed at stopping the slave trade using small fishing boats for the various raids and captures . on december 3 , 1881 , they caught up with a slave ship captained by hindi bin hattam . this vessel had around 200 slaves on board and was transporting them between pemba and aden . captain brownrigg led a boarding party to release the slaves . bin hattam ' s men then attacked the ship , killing brownrigg and his party before sailing away . mathews led a force to wete and pemba and , after a short skirmish , took a badly wounded bin hattem prisoner before returning to zanzibar . mathews returned to the african mainland territories once more in 1884 when he returned with a force which intended to establish further control and to settle any territorial disputes . this attempt ultimately failed when two german warships steamed into zanzibar town harbour and threatened the sultan into handing over the territory which would later form german east africa . the territories were transferred to the german east africa company in 1888 but unrest amongst the natives against them prevented them from taking control and mathews was sent with 100 men to restore order . finding around 1 @ , @ 000 natives demonstrating against the new government mathews was forced to return with his troops to zanzibar . mathews returned once again with more troops but found himself subject to repeated threats and that his troops would not obey his orders and so returned again to england . = = prime minister = = in january 1891 , upon the formation of the first constitutional government of tanzania , mathews was appointedfirst minister , despite strong opposition from sultan muhammad bin ali . in this capacity mathews was " appointed by the sultan " and answered only to the sultan and the british consul . his position was so powerful that one resident on the island was quoted as saying that his powers defied " analytical limits " and that mathews himself could say " l ' etat est moi " ( i am the government ) . mathews was also known as the " old man of zanzibar " . the principal offices of government were mostly held by europeans and british subjects and mathews ' consent was required before they could be removed from office . mathews was rewarded by the british government for his role with his appointment as a first class companion of the order of the brilliant star of india , which he was granted permission by queen victoria to accept and wear on 17 may 1886 . mathews used his position to reduce unrest in the country and in 1889 convinced the sultan to issue a decree purchasing the freedom of the europeans who had sought refuge in his country and , from 1890 , the prohibiting the slave trade . on 1 january 1891 mathews was appointed her majesty ' s consul and consul @ - @ general to the british sphere of influence in east africa . he never took up the post and instead chose to remain in england . mathews was knighted for his work in africa by the british government which made him a companion of the order of st michael and st george in 1880 and a companion of the order of the bath on 24 june 1889 . despite becoming renowned in east africa as a man who ran a fair administration and was strict with criminals , unhappiness with the british administration and his halting of the slave trade led some chiefs to petition the sultan for his removal in 1892 . in 1893 mathews purchased the island of changuu for the british . he intended it to be used as a prison but it never housed slaves and was instead used to quarantine yellow fever patients before its eventual use as a breeding area for giant tortoises . mathews was appointed a knight commander of the order of st michael and st george in 1894 . he was also awarded membership of the order of the crown by the german government . matters came to a head when khalid bin barghash attempted to take control of the government in zanzibar , upon the death of his uncle in january 1896 , after failing to obtain the consent of the british consul general . mathews opposed this attempt and , with british agreement , sent in 900 troops in an attempt to prevent it . this situation eventuallyled to the anglo @ - @ zanzibar war and mathews , with the help of admiral harry rawson and other ships of the royal navy , bombarded the palace and secured the end of khalid ' s reign . mathews ' failure to arrange the succession of the new @ - @ british ruler , hamoud bin mohammed , as khalid ' s successor . mathews continued his work after the war , abolishing slavery in 1897 and establishing experimental farms to grow crops using modern methods . he was appointed a member of the grand council of hamondieh of 1897 and was allowed to accept and wear the order on 25 august 1897 . = = military operations = = = = = mwele = = = in addition to the smaller @ - @ british expeditions described above , mathews embarked on two much larger expeditions to the african coast during his tenure as high commissioner , the first at mwele . the first rebellion in the area had been led by mbaruk bin rashid of gazi , which mathews had put down with his @ , @ @ men in 1882 . however , in 1895 mbaruk ' s son , mbaruk bin rashid , refused to accept the authority of a new leader at takaungu . this led to open conflict at konjoro in september of that year when the elder mbaruk attacked zanzibari troops under captain raikes , one of mathews ' officers . mathews was part of the anglo @ - @ zanzibari expedition sent to capture it , which consisted of 310 british sailors , 50 royal marines , 60 sudanese and 164 zanzibari troops . konjoro was captured and the rebels fled to gazi where the elder mbaruk managed to turn them back . another force , under admiral rawson , with 200 royal marines and sailors , was sent after them . this second expedition failed to capture the ringleaders and a third expedition was led by rawson with 220 sailors , 80 marines , 60 sudanese and 50 zanzibaris , which destroyed mwele . during the latter expedition mathews was shot in the leg . = = = witu = = = following the death of a german officer who had been operating there , the sultan of zanzibar and the british government organised an expedition on 1 january 1890 to restore the sultan of witu to power . two warships and two transports carrying 800 sailors and marines , 150 armed british east africa company ( ibea ) indian troops , 100 zanzibari and 200 british troops were landed , installing the sultan and establishing a britishprotectorate . the ibea remained in control of the region and sent a force of 250 native police to keep the peace . the police were withdrawn in july 1893 after threats of war from the new sultan of witu , oman , and an expedition was sent to the region . this consisted of three ships : hms blanche , hms sparrow and the zanzibari ship hms barawa . the ship carried mathews with 50 askaris and 200 soldiers under captain @ - @ - hatch of the british army . mathews and his escort force returned to witu where , on 31 july , they removed the flag of the ibea company and replaced it with the white flag of oman , before burning several villages and causing them to retreat into the jungle . the british forces then withdrew , having suffered badly from malaria , but the sudanese and zanzibari forces remained . a further expedition was sent of 140 officers and 500 other ranks but oman surrendered soon after and a more pliable sultan , omar bin hamid , was appointed to rule on behalf of oman , bringing the affair to a close . in return for this action , mathews received the british east and west africa campaign medal . = = = = = = mathews died of malaria in aden on 31 october 1901 and was buried with full military honours in the british cemetery in zanzibar town . his successor as first minister was a . s . rogers . changuu island , which mathews used for his house , now has a street named in his honour and also a church . mathews street , at the western end of zanzibar town , is also named for him .