= jacqueline fernandez = jacqueline fernandez ( born 11 august 1985 ) is a sri lankan actress , former model , and the winner of the 2006 miss universe sri lanka pageant . as miss universe sri lanka she represented her country at the 2006 international miss universe pageant . she graduated with a degree in mass communication from the university of sydney , and worked as a television reporter in sri lanka . while on a modelling assignment in india in 2009 , fernandez successfully auditioned for sujoy ghosh ' s fantasy drama aladin , which marked her bollywood debut . fernandez ' first role was in mohit suri ' s psychological thriller the house ( 2011 ) , her first commercial success . this was followed by glamorous roles in the box @ - @ comedy housefull 2 ( 2012 ) and its sequel housefull 3 , and the action thriller gang war ( 2013 ) , all of which were major @ - @ office hits . her performance in the latter of these garnered her an iifa award for best supporting actress nomination . in 2014 , fernandez was the leading lady in sajid nadiadwala ' s kick , which became one of the highest @ - @ grossing bollywood films of all time . one of the most popular actresses in bollywood , she was the recipient of the iifa award for star actress of the year – female in 2010 . alongside her screen acting career , fernandez has appeared in television shows , and is active in charity work . = = early life and modeling career = = fernandez was born on 11 august 1985 , in manama , bahrain , and was raised in a multi @ - @ ethnic family . her father , elroy , is sri lankan , and her mother , kim , is of malaysian descent . her grandfather , from her mother ' s side of the family , is tamil and her maternal grandparents are from goa , india . her father , who was a musician in sri lanka , moved to bahrain in the 1970s to escape political tensions between the tamil and sinhalese and she joined her mother who was an air hostess . she is the youngest of three siblings with one elder sister and two elder brothers . she hosted television shows in bahrain at the age of six . after receiving her primary education in bahrain , she earned a degree in mass communication from the university of sydney in australia . after graduating she worked as a television reporter in sri lanka . she also attended the berlitz school of drama , where she studied english and improved her tamil and arabic . according to fernandez , she had wanted to become an actress at a young age and thought about becominga bollywood movie star . she received her training from the london school of acting . although , she was a television reporter , she received opportunities in the film industry , which began as a result of her pageant success . in 2006 , she was crowned the winner of the miss universe sri lanka pageant and represented sri lanka at the world miss universe 2006 pageant held in los angeles . in a 2015 interview , fernandez described the film industry as " a great training ground " and added : " it is a business that is about wearing your clothes , knowing your body , etc " . in 2006 , she appeared in a music video for the song " o sathi " by music duo bathiya and santhush . = = = = = = = = = 2009 – 2013 = = = in 2009 , fernandez travelled to india for a modelling assignment . she studied acting under the mentorship of theatre director barry lawrence , and successfully auditioned for sujoy ghosh ' s fantasy film aladin ( 2009 ) her acting debut . she played the love interest of riteish deshmukh ' s character , a role based on the princess jasmine ii . fernandez received negative reviews for her performance . anupama chopra of ndtv called her a " plastic debutant [ e ] " , and rajeev masand of cnn @ - @ ibn wrote that she is : " easy on the eyes and appears confident but has very little to offer " . although the film was a critical and commercial failure , she won the iifa award for best actress of the year - female . in 2010 , fernandez starred opposite deshmukh in the science fiction romantic comedy jaane kahan se aayi hai . she was cast as a girl from venus , who lands on earth in search of love . the film , along with fernandez ' s performance , received mixed reviews ; rediff . com ' s sukanya verma noted : " she often makes a fool of herself whilst aping the moves of the stars , ranging from sridevi ' s naagin dance , mithun chakravarthy ' s exotic dancer moves , to big b ' s fake headshake in bollywood . her character could be a star if the jaane kahan se aayi hai wasn ' t so intent on turning her into a pin @ - @ struck barbie . " director anupama chopra also criticised fernandez , calling her " a pin @ - @ prick on a balloon " . later that year , she made a cameo appearance in sajid khan ' s houseful##l for the song " dhanno " . mahesh bhatt ' s film murder 2 was fernandez ' s first major release and marked a turning point in her career . she took on the role of priya , a fashion model who is in a confused relationship with arjun bhagwat ( played by emraan hashmi ) . fernandez was praised for the her performance , and for the charm and sex appeal she displayed in the film . gaurav malini of the times of india stated that she was " tastefully tempting " and noted that her romance with hashmi was " only half @ - @ baked " . the following year , fernandez appeared in the romantic comedy housefull 2 alongside akshay kumar , john abraham , and asin . it was one of the highest grossing productions of bollywood that year and grossed ₹ ##1 @ . @ 86 billion ( us $ 28 million ) worldwide . fernandez received mostly negative reviews for her performance . while gaurav malini praised her for her looks , ndtv called her a " complete liar " who " find [ s ] no joy in [ her performance ] " . despite the negative reviews , fernandez received a best supporting actress nomination at the 2013 iifa awards for her performance . fernandez ' s first release of 2013 was murder 2 , an ensemble action thriller ( alongside saif ali khan , john abraham , deepika padukone , ameesha patel , and raj kapoor ) ) , described as the " bollywood equivalent of a trashy novel " by critic rajeev masand . she played omisha , a femme fatale , a role which saw her perform fencing and other acrobatics . the film emerged as a commercial success , with the domestic gross of more than ₹ 1 billion ( us $ 30 million ) . in a particularly positive review , saibal chatterjee of ndtv wrote that both fernandez and padukone " walk around like half @ - @ baked girls that are only half @ - @ baked and have nowhere to go . " fernandez also appeared in an item number ( music video ) titled " jaadu ki jhappi " for prabhu deva ' s ramaiya vasta vaiya . = = = 2014 – = = = = in 2014 , fernandez appeared in sajid nadiadwala ' s directorial debut — the action film kick , a remake of the 2009 telugu film of same name . she starred opposite salman khan , as shaina , a youngltd . she used her real name for the first time in it . while sneha de francis commented that she is : " incredibly talented , and moves like a dancer " , raja sen of rediff . com was more critical of her dialogue delivery , calling it " unfortunate . " the film received mixed reviews from critics , but with worldwide revenue of over ₹ 3 @ . @ 75 crore ( us $ 110 million ) , it became the fourth highest @ - @ grossing bollywood film . the film established fernandez as one of the most popular bollywood actresses . in 2015 , fernandez appeared in vicky singh ' s roy , a psychological thriller , which critic sarita k . tanwar described as a " boring , dull and pretentious " film . fernandez played dual roles , ayesha aamir , a filmmaker in a relationship with a gangster ( played by arjun rampal ) and jenny desai , a filmmaker in love with a thief ( played by ranbir kapoor ) . while zee tv called it " her best act to date " , critic rajeev masand wrote that she " was better in a part that required her talents . " roy failed to meet the box @ - @ office expectations , and was a commercial failure . later that year , she appeared in a guest appearance for the love @ - @ in bangistan . karan malhotra ' s action thriller brothers was fernandez ' s next release . in @ - @ , alongside akshay kumar and sidharth malhotra , fernandez played jenny , a single mother caring for her child , a role which she described as " challenging " , " challenging " , and " difficult " . the role marked a departure from the glamorous characters that she had a reputation for playing . film critics praised her performance , though their response to the film was mixed . dhriti sharma of zee news called her character " sweet , vulnerable and vulnerable " , and praised her for : " convincingly pull [ ing ] off a supporting character of a street fighter ' s wife " . film critic subhash k . jha wrote that she : " . . . in a supporting role gives her finest emotive performance " , while critic raja sen wrote : " [ she ] plays kumar ' s love @ - @ - wife who gets so deliriously happy after seeing a text message that it could well have been news about a possible sequel . " as of august 2015 , fernandez has several projects in various stages of development . she has begun shooting for chandran rutnam 's ##n @ - @ sri lankan crime @ - @ films married to mathew , and the psychological thriller house of fear , which marks her hollywood debut . fernandez has also gone on to appear in several other films — rohit dhawan ' s dishoom opposite varun dhawan and john abraham as a part of three @ - @ films deal with nadiadwala grandson entertainment , remo d ' souza ' s flying jat opposite jackie shroff , and in an indo @ - @ films film opposite actors abhay deol , amitabh bachchan , and jackie chan , gold struck . = = personal life and professional work = = fernandez shares a close relationship with her family , and admits to enjoying being with them . she says : " i miss them so much everyday . you don ' t realise when you live away from home how difficult life can be [ . . . ] at the same time , staying away from them has taught me to be more independent . it has taught me so many things about myself , including relationships and time management . " in march 2012 , fernandez turned up for a 7 @ - @ day period to observe christmas , the period from ash wednesday to holy saturday . in 2008 , fernandez began dating bahraini prince hassan bin rashid al khalifa , whom she met at a mutual friend ' s party ; they separated in 2011 . while filming housefull 2 in 2011 , fernandez began a romantic relationship with director sajid khan . the relationship attracted media attention in india and there was talk of an upcoming wedding . however , the relationship ended in may 2013 . in addition to acting in films , fernandez has supported charitable organisations and a number of causes . in 2011 , on the behalf of people for the ethical treatment of animals ( peta ) , she sent a letter to the mumbai municipal corporation asking for an end to 7 @ - @ day carriage rides in mumbai . in may 2013 , she visited the consul general of the philippines , william john t perera in manila , to hasten the transfer of an elephant from its temporary housing at the manila zoo to a humane sanctuary . later that year , she attended a breakfast in mayfair , london , where she raised around £ 4000 for the pratham trust , which supports children ' s animal education . in 2014 , fernandez was named " woman of the year " by peta ( india ) for promoting the rights of animals . the following year , she sold her outfits on an online portal for a philanthropic cause . one of her outfits included the outfit she wore in the film " partyon my mind " ( from rio 2 ) and " hangover " ( from kick ) . in february 2016 , she was part of " jacqueline day " campaign that raised funds for the victims of the 2015 south indian floods . fernandez has participated in several concert tours and televised award ceremonies . in 2013 , she performed at the aria concerts in auckland , perth , and sydney alongside shah rukh khan , rani mukerji , and madhuri dixit . she also performed on the television talent show " got talent on air 2013 " with khan , priyanka chopra and varun dhawan the same year . in january 2014 , fernandez opened a restaurant in colombo , kaema ##ra , in partnership with chef dharshan munidasa , which specializes in traditional sri lankan cuisine . = = in the end = = in the year 2013 , fernandez became the spokesperson for htc india , which she founded in india . she was the face of indian bridal fashion week — ibfw of 2013 . later that year , she became the face for gareth pugh ' s designed forevermark store in mumbai , and was at the grand opening of the forever 21 store in chennai . that year , she also launched a shaving system with arbaaz khan and designer roy kapur . in analysing fernandez ' s career , india today stated : " slowly and surely jacqueline fernandez is moving up the ladder of success [ . . . ] jacqueline is comfortably doing every aspect of the work , which an actress is expected to do and is consistently delivering results . " on the contrary , charu thakur of india today praised her acting ability , and added that : " [ she has ] managed to find her niche in india now by taking on glamorous looks " . in 2008 and 2011 , fernandez appeared in the british magazine private eye ' s " world ' s sexiest young women " list , ranking fifth . she was ranked third on the times of india ' s listing of the " most desirable woman " in 2013 and 2014 , after being ranked eighth , tenth and tenth , respectively , in the previous three years . in 2013 , rediff . com included her in their list of " bollywood ' s best dressed women " . the same year , she held the sixty third position in the indian edition of the forbes ' celebrity 100 , a list based on the wealth and popularity of india ' s celebrities . she has been the cover girl for several indian editions of magazines , including : maxim , fhm , maxim , cosmopolitan, grazia , elle , cosmopolitan , harper ' s bazaar , men ' s health , and l ' officiel among others . = = filmography = = = = screen ##ography = = = = = = =