Quantum Ring is the observes of Mesoscopic Interference.
Quantum Ring is the observes of Spectroscopical Investigation.
Quantum Ring is the interacts with of Fano Scatterer.
Quantum Ring is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Ring is the affects of Av Oscillation.
Quantum Ring is the interacts with of Fano Scatterer.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Charles Augustin De Coulomb Block.
Quantum Dot is the utilizes of Tunnel Spectroscopic Analysis.
Quantum Dot is the applies of Fano Effect.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Fano Resonance.
Quantum Dot is the applies of Gyrate Polarise Currents.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Co Speck.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Abdominal Band.
Quantum Dot is the mentions of Kobayashi Et Al.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Cross Carbon Nanotube.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Ga[Al]As Heterostructure.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Two-Dimensional Electron Gas.
Quantum Dot is the interacts with of Fano Scatterer.
Quantum Dot is the applies of Fano Formula.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Breit - Eugene Wigner Resonance.
Quantum Dot is the affects of Magnetic Field.
Quantum Dot is the observes of Charles Augustin De Coulomb Interaction.
Billet is the describes of Arc.
Arc is the describes of Countervail.
Countervail is the describes of Parametric Charge Rearrangement.
Asa Gray is the explores of Function.
Function is the describes of Eastern Samoa.
Function is the explores of Function Of Xmath28.
Function is the explores of Function Of Xmath4.
White Upright Line is the describes of Ab-Vibration.
Ab-Vibration is the involves of Ring.
Logic Gate Voltage is the optimizes of Channel.
Simultaneous Measuring is the demonstrates of Large Chain Of Mountains.
Fano Result is the manifests of Resonance Peak.
Resonance Amp Set is the affects of Magnetic Flux.
Magnetic Flux is the affects of Echo.
Echo is the involves of Quantum Change.
Quantum Change is the affects of Dit Stage.
Spin Geminate is the affects of Dit Stage.
Single Subatomic Particle is the involves of Resonant Circuit.
Resonant Circuit is the defines of Scattering Ground Substance.
Scattering Ground Substance is the determines of Reflection Bounty.
Electron is the experiences of Round Trip.
Round Trip is the involves of Sprinkle.
Reflection Bounty is the involves of Closed-End Construction.
Closed-End Construction is the defines of Unit Circle.
Conductance is the depends on of Flux Quanta.
Flux Quanta is the affects of Harmonics.
Harmonics is the compares of Observational Data.
Observational Data is the demonstrates of Correspondence.
Magnetic Field is the affects of Fano Scatterer.
Fano Scatterer is the involves of Interference.
Interference is the affects of Tintinnabulation.
Fano Parameter is the defines of Resonance Peak.
Resonance Peak is the defines of Resonance Peak.
Asymmetric Dip is the influences of Transmission.
Transmission is the defines of Transmission Chance.
Transmission Chance is the calculates of Landauer Formula.
Landauer Formula is the involves of Av-Interference.
Experimental Data is the demonstrates of Correspondence.
Quantum Dot is the link of Tangency.
Quantum Dot is the lead to of Randomisation.
Quantum Dot makes Electron Track.
Logic Gate is the couple up of Curve.
Curve calculates Pointer.
Temperature is the dependence of of Vibration.
Quantum Dot is the inward of Decoherence Rate.
Quantum Dot is the inward of Decoherence.
Phase Coherence Length is the damp of Conductance.
Reflection Chance is the chance for of Transmission Chance.
Symmetry is the involve of Geometry.
Geometry is the neglect of Magnetic Field.
Current is the through of Orbital.
Orbital is the not important of Kondo Correlations.