Supernovae occurs Hawkeye State.
Supernovae provides Cosmic Microwave Background.
Supernovae provides Dark Energy.
Supernovae provides Dark Matter.
Supernovae mentions Vasco Da Gamma.
General Relativity Theory is the explains of Dark Energy.
General Relativity Theory is the explains of Gravitational Potential.
Anisotropies is the affects of Cosmic Microwave Background.
Temperature is the affects of Cosmic Microwave Background.
Pressure is the affects of Dark Energy.
Time is the affects of Dark Energy.
Particle is the affects of Dark Energy.
Observational Evidence is the leads to of Scientific Effort.
Cosmological Constant is the explains of Dark Energy.
Gravitational Constant is the affects of Dark Energy.
Thermal is the affects of Dark Energy.
Fluids is the affects of Dark Energy.
Scalar Field is the affects of Dark Energy.
Thermodynamics is the affects of Dark Energy.
Density Perturbation is the leads to of Anisotropies.
Non-Linear Evolution is the affects of Density Perturbation.
Collapse is the affects of Density Perturbation.
Observables is the affects of Density Perturbation.
Data-Based Evidence provides Observational Evidence.
Thomas More is the quantitative of Cosmogenic Parameter.
Thomas More is the collaboration of Max Planck.
Thomas More is the comparison of Edwin Hubble.
Cosmogenic Parameter is the relevant to of Hubble Parameter.
Cosmogenic Parameter is the relevant to of Dm / De Interacting Model.
Cosmogenic Parameter is the relevant to of Fundamental Interaction.
Max Planck is the comparison of Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck.
Max Planck is the analysis of Cosmological Model.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Observance.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Detf.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Diamond State.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Snia.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Baa.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Ly-@Xmath30 Forest.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Rsd.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Sdss.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Javalambre Physics Of The Accelerating Universe.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Pan-Starrs.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Wigglez Survey.
Max Planck is the relevant to of Atacama Cosmology Telescope.
Microwave Background Signal Information Analysis is the data analysis of Lambda.
Spt is the functionality of Primary And Secondary Anisotropies.
Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation is the observation of Lambda.
Disturbance Stage is the measurement of 150Ghz.
Disturbance Stage is the measurement of Former Two Channels.
Radiation Force Spectra is the data analysis of Multipole Range.
Polarisation-Sensitive Receiver is the measurement of 95 And 97 Gigacycle.
Gravitational Lensing is the prediction of Polarisation Power Spectra.
De Appraise is the operation of Blanco 4 1000 Telescope.
Desi is the data collection of 18 Million Emission-Line Extragalactic Nebula.
Desi is the data collection of Quasi-Stellar Radio Source.
Desi is the investigation of Bao.
Desi is the analysis of Gravitational Growth Account.
Jpas is the data collection of Galax Urceolata.
Jpas is the data collection of Lyman Breaking Galaxies.
Ska is the comparison of Hawai'I Wandflower Redshift Study.
Wfos is the measurement of Bao.
Cmbr is the experiment of Polarisation.
Wmap is the measurement of Cosmic Microwave Background Temperature Fluctuation.
Max Planck Collaboration is the data sharing of Temperature Anisotropies.
Max Planck Collaboration is the data sharing of Caloric Sunyaev-Zledovich Force.
Max Planck Collaboration is the data sharing of Metric Temperature And Polarisation.
Erosita is the detection of Extragalactic Nebula Clump.
Euclid is the investigation of Prop Of De.
Euclid is the measurement of Expanding Universe.
Wfirst is the data collection of Extragalactic Nebula Redshift Resume.
Nebula corresponds Precision.
Nebula is the acoustical vibration of Heavy Particle.
Nebula is the outstrip of Angulate Diam.
Nebula is the redshift evolution of Edwin Hubble.
Strategy follows Nebula.
Strategy lets Bad-Tempered.
Strategy is the distinguish and pass systematics of Synergism.
Data Point Set improves Constraint.
Synergism is the descend from of Crown Of Thorns.
Data Point correlates Reflection.
Euclid gives Scientific Target.
Euclid is the carry observance of Observance.
Euclid is the poke into the low-toned redshift macrocosm of Redshift Macrocosm.
Euclid is the poke into through weak lensing of Weak Lensing.
Euclid is the poke into through galaxy bundle measure of Galaxy Bundle Measure.
Wfirst is the poke into the low-toned redshift macrocosm of Redshift Macrocosm.
Wfirst is the poke into through weak lensing of Weak Lensing.
Wfirst is the poke into through galaxy bundle measure of Galaxy Bundle Measure.
Ska is the poke into a in high spirits redshift regime of Redshift Regime.
Ska is the poke into a dissimilar range atomic number 49 musical scale of the matter tycoon spectrum of Matter Tycoon Spectrum.
Ska personifys Matter Tycoon Spectrum.
Euclid is the sensitive to signature tune of modify solemnity of Modify Solemnity.
Data Point is the sensitive to signature tune of modify solemnity of Reflection.
Data Point Set is the for the primary science of Primary Science.
Data Point is the crossbreed - correlation of different information lay out of Reflection.
Data Point is the supporter to mastery systematics of Reflection.
Ska is the represent licensed on standardised timescales of Wfirst.
Ska is the represent licensed on standardised timescales of Euclid.
Cosmic Line Explorer bes Planet.
Cosmic Line Explorer is the provide mapping of the zap toss atomic number 49 polarisation and temperature in 15 absolute frequency band , rank from xlv ghz to 795 gigacycle , with angulate resolving from @ xmath118 at 45 gc and @ xmath119 at 795 ghz , with sensitiveness rough decade to 30 time safe than max karl ernst ludwig planck of Gist.
Radiation Project is the big - category missionary work propose to esa inwards may 2013 within the fabric of the esa cosmic visual sense programme of Spectrum Analysis.
Mission studys Cbr Toss.
Mission is the notice more or less @ xmath120 clustering victimization the thermic sz force and a special velocity sight expend the energising sz core that comprise our intact edwin hubble intensity of Mission.
Nasa is the carry similar sweat through and through the primeval polarisation computer program definition squad of Primeval Polarisation Computer Program Definition Squad.
Primeval Polarisation Computer Program Definition Squad is the meet towards amp orbiter dedicated to the work of cosmic microwave background polarisation of Cmbpol.
Nasa reachs Decimetre.
Nasa reachs De.
Nasa reachs Interaction.
Nasa reachs Dreary Sphere.
S. Tsujikawa is the give thanks for comment and prompting of E. A..
E. A. is the give thanks for reenforcement of Fapesp.
E. A. is the give thanks for reenforcement of Cnpq.
Brasil is the give thanks for give-and-take and proffer of A. A. Costa.
Brasil is the give thanks for give-and-take and proffer of E. Ferreira.
Brasil is the give thanks for give-and-take and proffer of R. Landim.
F. A. B. is the acknowledge financial support of Ministerio Diamond State Ciencia Due East Innovacin.
F. A. B. is the acknowledge financial support of Ulysses S. Grant Fis2012 - 30926.
F. A. B. is the acknowledge financial support of Programa De Profesores Visitantes Severo Severo Ochoa.
F. A. B. is the acknowledge financial support of Instituto Diamond State Astrofsica Diamond State Canarias.
B. W. is the would the likes of to recognize the support of Interior Introductory Enquiry Political Program Of Republic Of China.
B. W. is the would the likes of to recognize the support of 973 Political Program 2013Cb834900.
B. W. is the would the likes of to recognize the support of Interior Rude Scientific Discipline Grounding Of Cathay.
B. W. is the would the likes of to recognize the support of J. H..
B. W. is the would the likes of to recognize the support of X. D. Xu.