Photoelectron Spectrographic Analysis is the analysis of Cuprate Superconductors.
Cuprate Superconductors is the composition of Fermi Surface.
Cuprate Superconductors is the composition of Lucretia Coffin Mott.
Cuprate Superconductors is the composition of Mount Hubbard.
Cuprate Superconductors is the analysis of Correlational Statistics.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Shadower Bands.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Temperature Pendant Pseudogap.
Cuprate Superconductors is the discovery of Quasiparticle Band Structure.
Copper Color Oxides is the observation of Spin Bear Down Separation.
Cuprate Superconductors is the comparison of Spinons.
Tomonaga-Luttinger Liquidness is the simplification of Hans Bethe Ansatz.
Hans Bethe Ansatz is the evaluation of Dynamical Correlation Function.
Cuprate Superconductors is the observation of Optical Conductivity.
Optical Conductivity is the explanation of Spin Bags.
Group is the contains of Flux.
Group is the contains of Ring.
Ring is the initiates of Spinon.
Ring is the initiates of Holon.
Spinon is the interaction of Holon.
Interaction is the affects of Network Topology.
Network Topology is the affects of Low-Energy Excitation Spectrum.
Term is the describes of Crossing.
Term is the describes of Band.
Term is the describes of Value.
Value is the causes of Spread.
Value is the describes of Femtometer.
Spread is the transforms into of Hole.
Hole is the affects of Density.
Density is the determines of Surface.
Surface is the defines of Character.
Character is the impacts of Visibility.
Visibility reflects Photoemission.
Gap Order Parameter is the depends on of Temperature.
Gap Order Parameter is the depends on of Concentration.
Temperature is the affects of Enrico Fermi.
Temperature is the affects of Superconductor.
Financial Support is the acknowledges of European Community.
Financial Support is the acknowledges of Saneyoshi Foundation.
Financial Support is the acknowledges of Grant-In-Aid.
Grant-In-Aid is the funds of Scientific Research.
Scientific Research is the acknowledges of Ministry Of Education.
Ministry Of Education is the acknowledges of Science.
Ministry Of Education is the acknowledges of Culture.
Acknowledgment is the acknowledges of Author.
Author is the acknowledges of Publication.
Author is the acknowledges of Preprint.
Author is the acknowledges of Physicist.
Author is the acknowledges of Letter.
Author is the acknowledges of Review.
Author is the acknowledges of Journal.
Author is the acknowledges of Condensed Matter.
Author is the acknowledges of Print.
Author is the acknowledges of Unpublished.
Author is the acknowledges of Complex.
Author is the acknowledges of Z. Phys. B.
Author is the acknowledges of Sov. Jetp.