Scientists is the study of Nanoparticles.
Nanoparticles is the study of Magnetization.
Nanoparticles is the study of Nanowires.
Nanoparticles is the study of Nanotube.
Nanoparticles is the study of Magnetic Phenomena.
Nanoparticles is the comparison of Bulk Material.
Nanoparticles is the study of Superparamagnetism.
Nanoparticles is the study of Quantum Tunnel.
Nanoparticles is the study of Coercivities.
Lcmn Nanoparticle is the measurement of Magnetisation.
Thin Film is the comparison of Ferrimagnetic Material.
Ferrimagnetic Material is the study of Antiferromagnetic Interface Coupling.
Nanoparticles is the study of Dynamical Phase Modulation.
Nanoparticles is the study of Dynamic Order Parameter.
Cylindrical Ising Nanowire is the study of Time-Dependent Magnetic Field.
Dynamic Hysteresis is the study of Exchange Interaction.
Nanoparticles is the study of Nonequilibrium Phase Transition.
Ultrafast Laser Field is the application of Ferrimagnetic Nanoparticle.
Ferrimagnetic Nanoparticle is the description of Spin-3/2 Ferromagnetic Core.
Spin-3/2 Ferromagnetic Core is the description of Spin-1 Ferromagnetic Shell.
Spin-1 Ferromagnetic Shell is the description of Antiferromagnetic Interaction.
Cylindrical Ising Nanowire is the study of Time-Dependent Magnetic Field.
Metropolis Mc Simulation Algorithm is the application of Three-Dimensional Lattice.
Three-Dimensional Lattice is the description of Spin Flip.
Spin Flip is the description of Metropolis Mc Simulation Algorithm.
Dynamic Hysteresis is the calculation of Jackknife Method.
Nanoparticles is the definition of Specific Heat.
Dynamical Compensation Temperature is the compensation temperature of Xmath0.
Cipher Magnetisation Information is the information about of Crossway Point.
Crossway Point is the crossway point of of Infrangible Value.
Infrangible Value is the value of of Dynamic Nucleus.
Dynamic Nucleus is the nucleus and racing shell magnetisation of Racing Shell Magnetisation.
Racing Shell Magnetisation races Encounter Victimization.
Vital Temperature is the vital temperature of Xmath49.
Dynamic Core Group is the core group and shell magnetisation of Shell Magnetisation.
Compensation Gunpoint is the compensation gunpoint and additional put parameter of Additional Put Parameter.
Dynamical Phase Angle Modulation Prop is the phase angle modulation prop of of Ferrimagnetic Nanoparticle System.
Results1 is the results1 and decisive temperature of Decisive Temperature.
Molecule is the molecule on bounty of Bounty.
Molecule is the molecule on frequency of Frequency.
Molecule is the molecule on field of Oscillating Magnetised Field Of Force.
Molecule is the molecule on exchange pairing set of Exchange Pairing Set.
Eq1 is the eq1 and compensation point of Compensation Point.
Hysteretic Response is the response of particle of Particle.
Particle is the particle to vibrate magnetic field of Vibrate Magnetic Field Of Force.
Sizing Dependance sizes Magnetised Prop.
Comparing is the comparison with antecedently publish work of Antecedently Publish Work.
Equipoise Property is the equipoise property of nucleus and shell birl of Nucleus And Shell Birl.
Nucleus And Shell Birl is the nucleus and shell birl a of Xmath51.
Nucleus And Shell Birl is the nucleus and shell birl a of Xmath52.
Latticework is the latticework and attribute of Xmath53.
Plane is the plane for xmath54 of Xmath54.
International Champaign Bounty is the international champaign bounty of Xmath55.
Curve is the curve for vibration period of Vibration Period.
Vibration Period is the vibration period a of Xmath56.
Vibration Period is the vibration period b of Xmath57.
Vibration Period is the vibration period c of Xmath58.
Antiferromagnetic User Interface Couple is the antiferromagnetic user interface couple between magnetic core of Magnetic Core.
Magnetic Core is the magnetic core and trounce bed of Trounce Bed.
Dynamic Form Modulation Holding is the dynamic form modulation holding of scheme of Scheme.
Phase Angle Plot is the phase angle plot in a of Plane.
Oscillation Period is the oscillation period of xmath60 of Xmath60.
External Force Field is the external force field with xmath61 of Xmath61.
Theatre Bounty is the theatre bounty with xmath62 of Xmath62.
Dynamic Magnetisation is the dynamic magnetisation as ferrimagnetic rules of order parameter of Xmath35.
Subatomic Particle is the subatomic particle to vibrate magnetised field of Vibrate Magnetised Field.
Time Lag is the time lag between field and magnetisation of Dynamic Magnetisation.
Period Of Time is the period of time of outside magnetic battleground of Outside Magnetic Battleground.
Stage Dawdle is the stage dawdle between field and magnetisation of Dynamic Magnetisation.
Dynamic Form Transition is the dynamic form transition of particle of Particle.
Core And Shell Bed is the core and shell bed of particle of Subatomic Particle.
Antiferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction is the antiferromagnetic exchange fundamental interaction xmath13 of Xmath13.
Thermic Vim is the thermic vim with xmath61 of Xmath61.
Dynamic Stage Changeover is the dynamic stage changeover in scheme of Scheme.
Spin is the spin to outside magnetic battleground of Outside Magnetic Battleground.
Landing Field Bountifulness lands Antiferromagnetic Exchange Fundamental Interaction.
Ferrimagnetically Ordered Stage Region is the ferrimagnetically ordered stage region in form plot of Form Plot.
Temperature Dependency is the temperature dependency of dynamic parliamentary law parameter of Dynamic Parliamentary Law Parameter.
Phase Angle Plot In A is the phase angle plot for oscillation period of Oscillation Period.
Magnetic Induction Curve is the magnetic induction curve in bulk ferrimagnetic scheme of Bulk Ferrimagnetic Scheme.
Nel is the nel and magnetisation curved shape of Magnetisation Curved Shape.
P - Type Demeanour is the p - type demeanour of magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Magnetisation is the magnetisation with temperature of Temperature.
Compensation Gunpoint is the compensation gunpoint in system of System.
System is the system with magnetic induction of Magnetic Induction.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Organisation is the magnetic nanoparticle organisation with magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Bulk Ferrimagnetism is the bulk ferrimagnetism of nel of Nel.
Thermic Variation is the thermic variation of magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Magnetisation Curve is the magnetisation curve in category of Category.
P - Type Demeanour is the p - type demeanour of magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Magnetisation is the magnetisation with temperature of Temperature.
Compensation Gunpoint is the compensation gunpoint in system of System.
System is the system with magnetic induction of Magnetic Induction.
Magnetic Nanoparticle Organisation is the magnetic nanoparticle organisation with magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Bulk Ferrimagnetism is the bulk ferrimagnetism of nel of Nel.
Thermic Variation is the thermic variation of magnetisation of Magnetisation.
Magnetisation Curve is the magnetisation curve in category of Category.
Tally Magnetisation is the dependance of of Magnetic Attraction.
Curve is the dependance of of Tally Magnetisation.
Curve is the dependance of of Amp Variety.
Amp Variety is the dependance of of Scheme Parametric Quantity.
Megacycle Simulation is the dependance of of Magnetic Attraction.
Magnetic Core composes Ferromagnetic Racing Shell.
Magnetic Core composes Antiferromagnetic Change.
Magnetic Core composes Compensation Phenomena.
Magnetic Core composes Magnetisation Curve.
Magnetic Core composes Spin.
Magnetic Core composes Hysteretic Response.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Ferromagnetic Shell Heaviness.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Paramagnetic.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Dynamically Prescribe Form.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Ferromagnetic Shell.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Caloric And Magnetized Belongings.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Coercivity.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Remanence.
Ferromagnetic Racing Shell composes Compensation Temperature.
Hamiltonian composes Interacting Nanoparticles.
Time Scale bases Lev Davidovich Landau.
Time Scale bases Llg Equivalence.
Picoseconds bases Monte Carlo Technique.
Scientific And Technological Research Council Of Republic Of Turkey is the partial financial support of Tbitak Ulakbim.