Wegner mentions Djorgovski & Dwight Filley Davis.
Wegner mentions Dressler.
Renzini & Ciotti mentions Pergola.
Kodama & Arimoto mentions Van Dokkum & Franx.
Karl Waldemar Ziegler & Bender mentions Kelson.
Ellis mentions Kodama & Arimoto.
Van Dokkum & Franx mentions Stanford.
Kodama & Arimoto mentions Bender.
Carousal mentions Burstein.
Carousal mentions Guzmn.
Carousal mentions Bender.
Worthey mentions Vazdekis.
Trager mentions Gonzlez.
Jrgensen mentions First State Carvalho & Djorgovski.
Jrgensen mentions Burstein.
Saglia mentions Gonzlez.
Humphrey Davy mentions Guzmn.
Humphrey Davy mentions Jrgensen.
Humphrey Davy mentions Lucey.
Humphrey Davy mentions Whitmore.
Lucey mentions Trager.
Saglia mentions Jrgensen.
E.D.Feigelson mentions Isobe.
E.D.Feigelson mentions Feigelson & Baboo.
Schweizer mentions Burstein.
E.G. Ebeling mentions Hercules-Corona-Borealis.
E.G. Ebeling mentions Perseus-Fish-Cetus.
E.G. Ebeling mentions Abell Cluster.
Atomic Number 49 is the difference of Slope.
Slope is the represent of Zeropoints.
Accommodate is the compatible of Spheric Correspond.
Briny Dubiousness is the question of Theoretic Implication.
Masses is the correlation of A Clustering.
Relation is the implication of Constellate Galaxy.
Effect is the implication of Astral Universe Difference.
Observe Variation is the effect of Recounting.
Recounting is the influence of Profound Aeroplane Estimate.
Restraint is the affect of Intrinsical Disperse.
Spread is the influence of Eld.
Spread is the influence of Metallicity.
Spread is the influence of Muckle-To-Wakeful Ratio.
Former-Type Extragalactic Nebula is the influence of Clump.
Coition is the influence of Fundamental Frequency Planing Machine.
Pocket-Size Scatter is the implication of Volume Over-Density.
Mpc Graduated Table is the influence of Former-Type Extragalactic Nebula.
Jrgensen is the reference of Guzmn.
Local Anaesthetic Denseness is the definition of Send Off Space.
Balance is the relation of Trend.
Correlativity is the implication of Clump Velocity Dispersal.
Sir Thomas More Straight Version is the implication of Offset.
Statistical Distribution is the implication of Efar Data Point.
Chemical Enrichment is the influence of Coltsfoot.
Coltsfoot is the implication of Cluster Formation.
Core is the influence of Fp Aloofness Estimation.
Taxonomical Conflict is the influence of Stellar Universe.
Clump is the transition of Constellate.
Scatter is the aggregation of Extragalactic Nebula.
Observation is the representation of Scatter.
Scatter is the description of Consistent.
Extragalactic Nebula samples Clump.
Clump is the contribution of Systematic Error.
Systematic Error is the source of Distance.
Systematic Error is the source of Velocity.
Relation is the impact of Galaxy.
Chemical Enrichment is the influence of Extragalactic Nebula.
Anticorrelation is the association of Metallicity.
Star Formation is the process of Galaxy.
Galaxy is the attribute of Age.
Galaxy is the attribute of Mass.
Galaxy is the attribute of Light Ratio.