It represents Solar Saint Ulmo'S Fire.
Solar Saint Ulmo'S Fire is the personifies of Temperature.
Temperature measures Baron Kelvin.
Solar Saint Ulmo'S Fire is the surrounds of Visible Surface Of The Sun.
It is the recognizes of Magnetic Field.
Magnetic Field plays Convective Energy.
Photosphere is the transfers energy to of Corona.
Convection Zone locates Photosphere.
Convection Zone is the primary source in of Energy.
Energy is the heats of Corona.
Magnetic Field is the causes of Magnetic Reconnection.
Magnetic Reconnection is the results in of Nanoflares.
Magnetic Field is the interacts with of Convective Flux.
Photosphere is the generates of Magnetic Flux.
Magnetic Flux is the produces of Magnetohydrodynamic Wave.
Magnetic Flux is the scatters energy to of Chromosphere.
Coronal Loop is the creates of Magnetic Field Interaction.
Magnetic Field Interaction is the generates of Electric Current.
Electric Current is the produces of Coronal Anatomy.
Coronal Anatomy is the results in of Magnetic Ruffle.
Magnetic Field Interaction is the induces of Convective Flux.
Convective Flux is the causes of Coronal Structure.
Magnetic Wave is the triggers of Coronal Anatomy.
Coronal Anatomy is the leads to of Magnetic Ruffle.
High-Frequency Mhd Wave is the capable of heating of Energy.
High-Frequency Mhd Wave detects Iron Xiv Green Line.
Iron Xiv Green Line reflects Coronal Anatomy.
Iron Red Line reflects Coronal Anatomy.
Coronal Anatomy provides Observational Evidence.
Flare is the evolve into of Microflares.
Microflares is the transform into of Nanoflares.
Microflares is the contribute to of Energy.
Frequency Mhd Wave is the responsible for of Energy.
Coronal Structure Oscillation observes Coronagraph.
Coronagraph is the utilizes of Fe 14 Green Line.
Coronagraph is the incorporates of Optical System.
Optical System is the part of of Lyot-Type Coronagraph.
Optical System is the connects to of Opto-Mechanical Port.
Optical Setup is the illustrates of Ray Plot.
Optical Frame is the contains of Narrow-Band Filter.
Narrow-Band Filter is the regulates temperature for of Thermostatic Device.