Classical Magnetoresistance is the occurs in of Metal.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the occurs in of Semiconducting Material.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the influences of Electron.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the increases quadratically with of Fermi Rise.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the increases with of Magnetic Field.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the influences of Mobility.
Classical Magnetoresistance is the contrasts with of Lmr.
Lmr discovers Chalcogenide.
Lmr discovers Antimonide.
Lmr discovers Silicon.
Lmr discovers Mnas-Gaas Composite Material.
Lmr discovers Graphene.
Kapitza Entropy Analog Law is the indicates of Metal.
Quantum-Circumscribed Descent proposes Abrikosov.
Quantum-Circumscribed Descent is the predicts of Landau Level.
Quantum-Circumscribed Descent is the contrasts with of Parish And Littlewood.
Topologic Insulators is the consists of of Ti.
Topologic Insulators is the contains of Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac Cone.
Topologic Insulators provides Quantum-Limitation Lmr.
Ti is the exists in of Negatron.
Ti is the exists in of Phonon.
Ti uses Hamiltonian.
Force-Balance Equation is the applies to of Negatron.
Force-Balance Equation is the influences of Impurity.
Force-Balance Equation is the influences of Phonon Scattering.
Force-Balance Equation is the calculates of Transversal Resistance.
Force-Balance Equation is the calculates of Longitudinal Resistance.
Green'S Function is the calculates of Density-Of-Land.
Green'S Function uses Hamiltonian.
Density-Of-Land relates Cyclotron Frequency.
Density-Of-Land is the influences of Mobility.
Doping is the affects of G-Factor.
Negatron is the occupancy of Pillowcase.
Negatron is the participate in of Magnetized Orbit.
Electron-Hole Symmetric is the symmetric in of Magnetized Orbit.
Disconfirming Zip State is the state transition of Positive Degree Free Energy State.
Corpuscle is the participate in of Negatron.
Finite Positive is the affect of Magnetized Field Strength.
Finite Negative is the affect of Magnetized Field Strength.
Fermi Energy relates Carrier Sheet Density.
Magnetized Field Strength is the affect of Magnetoresistivity.
Surface State is the exist in of Ti Surface System.
Optic Phonons is the contribute to of Deformation Potential.
Optic Phonons relates Phonon Energy.
Enrico Fermi Velocity relates Carrier Mobility.
Static Dielectric Constant relates Optic Dielectric Constant.
Gramme-Factor is the exist in of Ti Surface System.
Zero-Magnetic-Field Mobility is the affect of Carrier Concentration.
Magnetic Field Strength is the affect of Quantum Hall Effect.
Carrier is the occupy of Lev Davidovich Landau Level.
Lev Davidovich Landau Level is the affect of Sdh Oscillation.
Abrikosov Model is the explain of Lmr.
Carrier Sheet Density is the affect of Magnetoresistivity.
Carrier Mobility is the affect of Magnetoresistivity.