Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Antiferromagnet.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Spin.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Crystal.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Paramagnetic Phase.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Magnetic Ions.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Lattice.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Interaction.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Phase Transition.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Order.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Spin State.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Collinear State.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Paramagnetic State.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Fluctuation.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Magnetization.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Spatial Lattice Dimension.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Superexchange.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Anisotropy.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Spin Lattice.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Ground State.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Plaquette.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Spin-1/2.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Monte Carlo Simulation.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Frustrated Spin System.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Variational Method.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Hamiltonian.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Fluctuation.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Phase Plot.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Triple Point.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Common Era.
Werner Karl Heisenberg researchs Quantum Critical Endpoint.
Plaquette is the belongs to of Country.
Plaquette composes Twirl.
Twirl is the on of Latticework.
Plaquette associates Spin_Manipulator.
Plaquette haves Transmitter_State.
Plaquette obtains Magnetisation.
Transmitter_State gives Magnetisation.
Plaquette gives Energy.
Parametric_Quantity is the obey of Transmitter_State.
Transmitter_State is the outline of Order_Parameter.
Transition is the of of Phase.
Transition is the between of Modulation.
Eigenvector is the of of Spin_Manipulator.
Order_Parameter is the of of Transition.
Werner_Karl_Heisenberg_Model is the for of Sublattice_Magnetization.
Paramagnetic_Region is the of of Transition.
Spin_Flip_Theory is the predict of Diagonalization.
Simulation is the use of Spin_Flip_Theory.