Adaptative Mastery is the process of Recursive Parametric Quantity Estimation.
Recursive Parametric Quantity Estimation is the involves of Idea.
Idea is the comprises of Transmitter.
Transmitter haves Invariant Unnamed Parametric Quantity.
Transmitter is the performs of Mensuration Of Amount.
Mensuration Of Amount is the involves of Regressor.
Regressor bes Measure Error Signaling.
Measure Error Signaling bes Estimate Wrongdoing.
Estimate Wrongdoing bes Parameter Error.
Method includes Least-Second Power Algorithm.
Least-Second Power Algorithm bes Slope-Case Algorithm.
Slope-Case Algorithm is the utilizes of Invariable Symmetric Positively Definite Pull In Matrix.
Invariable Symmetric Positively Definite Pull In Matrix is the defines of Derivative Equation.
Derivative Equation is the involves of Nonnegative Work.
Nonnegative Work is the calculates of First Derivative.
First Derivative bes Equation.
Equation is the leads to of Limit In Time.
Limit In Time is the affects of Error.
Error is the impacts of Property.
Property bes Algorithm.
Algorithm bes Tuner.
Tuner is the can be used with of Renormalize Algorithm.
Renormalize Algorithm is the compares to of Relative Merit.
Relative Merit is the considers of Time-Depart.
Time-Depart bes Least-Square Tune-Up.
Least-Square Tune-Up bes Lyapunovian Stirring.
Lyapunovian Stirring is the involves of Flight Of Leave.
Flight Of Leave is the leads to of Desire Property.
Desire Property is the ensures of Retard Variation Property.
Retard Variation Property is the can be used for of Alter Mistake.
Alter Mistake bes Stability Analysis.
Stability Analysis is the analyzes of Perceptible Operating Theater.
Perceptible Operating Theater bes Tunable Adaptive Scheme.
Tunable Adaptive Scheme is the utilizes of Yield-Injectant Argument.
Yield-Injectant Argument bes Generality.
Generality is the defines of Constant Symmetric Prescribed-Definite Matrix.
Constant Symmetric Prescribed-Definite Matrix bes Receiving Set.
Receiving Set is the affects of Covariance.
Covariance is the impacts of Measure Error.
Measure Error bes White Disturbance.
White Disturbance bes Covariance.
Covariance bes Data Point.
Data Point bes State Transition Matrix.
State Transition Matrix bes Random Variable.
Random Variable is the impacts of Covariance.
Covariance bes Parametric Quantity Error.
Parametric Quantity Error bes Transient Steady-State Performance.
Transient Steady-State Performance bes Simulation.
Simulation is the demonstrates of Behavior.
Behavior bes Normalization Slope.
Normalization Slope bes Open-Loop.
Open-Loop bes Signal.
Signal bes Optimization.
Optimization bes Measurement Noise.
Measurement Noise is the impacts of Performance.
Performance bes Algorithm.
Algorithm bes Adaptive Control System.
Adaptive Control System is the addresses of Topologic Inconsistency.
Topologic Inconsistency bes Stabilizability Problem.
Stabilizability Problem bes Stochastic Analysis.
Stochastic Analysis bes Convergence Properties.
Convergence Properties bes Computational Complexity.