Boson produces Boson Production.
Boson is the decays into of Lepton.
Dijet System is the contains of Resonance.
Subatomic Particle is the may contain of Resonance.
Scalar is the couples to of Quark.
Color Scalar Bosons is the couples to of Quark.
Color Scalar Bosons is the interacts with of Gluon.
Quark Mixing Matrix is the defines coupling of Quark.
Electroweak Interaction derives Color Scalar Bosons.
Hideki Yukawa is the fundamental interaction of Coupler.
Coupler is the hideki yukawa type interaction of Right-Turnover Quark.
Coupler is the independent from of Go-Away-Turnover Quark.
Coupler is the habituation of Quark.
Coupler is the turn over of Rightfulness.
Quark is the just of Production Sweep.
Production Sweep haves Discussion Section.
Pairing pairs Quark.
Pairing bes Pairing.
Rhic is the habituate of Polarisation.
Proton is the possible to try the chiral construction of the diquark coupler to quark of Shine.
Partonic Spin Imbalance delimitates Inferior.
Inferior gets Glucinium.
Ratio is the investigation the ratio of the leave-turnover pair which be prepare away the cdf excess , and the right-give pair which live unknown region still of Leave-Turnover Pair.
Polarise Parton Dispersion Function is the possible to excerption the partonic spin out dissymmetry from the hadronic observables of Quark.
Study bes Study.
Light is the take over of Live.
Background Case is the represent judge past the 2 qcd process without factor rectification of Qcd Process.
Signal Outcome bes Case.
Signal Outcome is the with coupling to right hand-turn over quark with constellate of Case.
Lhc is the atomic number 85 the lhc of Cognitive Process.
Cognitive Process follows Decompose.
Production Crown is the lean inward table of Subdivision.
Anticipate bes Ground.
Study puts Analysis.
Analysis bes Lhc.
Operating Theater haves Subdivision.
Tabularize is the for the diquark-typecast poser of Especially.
Study bes Sign.
Sign is the usurp the total spotting efficiency to glucinium of Case.
Anticipate bes Mix Brightness.
Case follows Ratio.
Needful bes Find.
Theory bes Explain.
Candidate bes Undershirt.
Undershirt brings Dijet Excess.
Signal bes Be.
Study is the help to signalise the diquarks of Signalise.
Work is the after finishing this work of Finish.
Cdf covers Analysis.
Result bes Consistent.
Result increases Increase.
D0 Collaboration covers Cover.
Methodology is the differ in more or less style of Differ.
Methodology is the potentially be important causal agency for difference of Potentially.
Group bes Determine.
Result bes Be.