S is the author of Hoare.
S is the mentions of Propositional Concretion.
S is the mentions of Xcite.
S is the mentions of Tierce Connecter.
S is the mentions of Xmath0.
S is the mentions of Conditional.
S is the mentions of Programme.
S is the mentions of Boolean Expression.
S is the mentions of Green Expression.
S is the mentions of Conditional Statement.
S is the mentions of Valuation Strategy.
S is the mentions of Short-Circuit Rating.
S is the mentions of Proffer Algebra.
S is the mentions of Rating Congruence.
S is the mentions of Liberal Rating Congruence.
S is the mentions of Repeating-Proof Rating Congruence.
S is the mentions of Canonical Cast Semantics For Proposition Algebra.
S is the mentions of Rating Tree.
S is the mentions of Daan Staudt.
S is the mentions of Atomic Proposition.
S is the mentions of Still Valuation Congruence.
S is the mentions of Contractive Valuation Congruence.
S is the mentions of Memorise.
S is the mentions of Atmospheric Static Valuation Congruence.
S is the mentions of Rp.
S is the mentions of C-Rating Congruent.
S is the mentions of Static Rating Congruence.
S is the mentions of Unsweet.
S is the mentions of Conc.
S is the mentions of Canonical Form.
S is the mentions of Deepness.
S is the mentions of La:2.5.
S is the mentions of La:2.6.
S is the mentions of Freevc.
Congruence follows Notation.
Notation is the on of Set.
Set follows Group A.
Group A follows Loose Rating.
Group A follows Congruousness Sexual Relation.
Se(Q) follows Olibanum.
Canonical Form follows Soundness.
Axiom follows Congruence Relation.
Axiom follows Soundness.
Rp - Canonical Mold follows Rp - Introductory Form.
Rp - Introductory Form follows Rp - Introductory Signifier.
Rp - Introductory Signifier follows Auxiliary Function.
Auxiliary Function follows Structural Induction.
Congruence Relation follows Axiomatization.
Rating Function is the similarity of Subprogram.
Rating Function utilizes Contractive Rating Congruousness.
Contractive Rating Congruousness is the involves of Congruousness Relation.
Congruousness Relation is the defines of Congruence.
Completely is the proves of Contractive Rating Congruousness.
Contractive Rating Congruousness proves Completely.
Structural Induction applys Contractive Rating Congruousness.
Contractive Rating Congruousness axiomatizeds Congruence.
Con Rating Tree is the characterizes of Congruence.