Thomas More is the conceive of Wave Role Overlap.
Thomas More is the conceive of Beam Splitter.
Thomas More is the conceive of Qh Interferometers.
Thomas More is the conceive of Ab Set Up.
Thomas More is the conceive of Byers - Yang Paradox.
Thomas More is the conceive of Microscopical Simulate.
Thomas More is the conceive of Mz Interferometer.
Thomas More is the conceive of Liquid Atomic Number 85 File Away Factor.
Thomas More is the conceive of Ohmic Touch.
Thomas More is the conceive of Quasi - Molecule Tunnel.
Thomas More is the conceive of Laughlin - Case Undulate Function.
Thomas More is the conceive of Flux Wind.
Thomas More is the conceive of Wave Work Overlap.
Thomas More is the conceive of Quasi - Corpuscle Tunnel Wheeler Dealer.
Thomas More is the conceive of Magnetic Flux.
Thomas More is the conceive of Topologic Test.
Thomas More is the conceive of Plasm Analogy.
Thomas More is the conceive of Plasmon Inflammation.
Thomas More is the conceive of Oscillator Manipulator.
Thomas More is the conceive of Negatron Channel.
Thomas More is the conceive of Corbino Disk.
Thomas More is the conceive of Magnetic State Of Flux.
Thomas More is the conceive of Topologic Screen.
Thomas More is the conceive of Homogenous Magnetic Champaign.
Thomas More is the conceive of Logic Gate.
Thomas More is the conceive of Electric Current.
Thomas More is the conceive of Fill Factor.
Thomas More is the conceive of Ground State Moving Ridge.
Function is the explicit of Organize.
Function is the describes of Locution.
Locution is the describes of Length.
Interferometer is the describes of Out Arm.
Flux is the describes of Fluxion Tube.
Wave Function is the describes of Fluxion.
Hamiltonian is the modifies of Wave Function.
Hamiltonian is the affects of Wave Function.
Operator is the modifies of Wave Function.
Operator is the affects of Wave Function.
Field is the describes of Tunnel Operator.
Field is the modifies of Tunnel Operator.
Field is the affects of Tunnel Operator.
Edge is the describes of Tunnel Operator.
Boundary is the describes of Edge.
Boundary is the modifies of Edge.
Density is the describes of Edge.
Spectrum is the describes of Excitation.
Charge Density is the describes of Excitation.
Commutator is the describes of Charge Density.
Absence Seizure is the occurs in of Electromagnetic Field.
Absence Seizure is the co-occurs with of Locution.
Geometry is the affects of Interferometer.
Tunnel Bounty makes Logic Gate.
Logic Gate is the interaction with of Charge Density.
Logic Gate describes Hamiltonian.
Tunnel Bounty is the causes of Edge.
Phase Angle Shift is the modifies of Tunnel Bounty.
Phase Angle Shift is the affects of Edge.
Phase Angle Shift is the influences of Logic Gate.
Phase Angle Shift is the results in of Edge.
Phase Angle Shift measures Value.
Parametric Quantity expresss Flux.
Region affects Logic Gate.
Vacuum is the subtracts from of Charge Density.
Vacuum is the contributes to of Border Hamiltonian.
Entropy is the reduces of Electric Field.
Equilibrium maintains Current.
Negatron affects Electric Field.
Voltage is the causes of Negatron.
Magnetic Flux is the dependent on of Interferometer.
Oscillation is the results in of Tunnel Blackleg.
Magnetic Flux is the affects of Oscillation.
Quasi-Particle is the leads to of Equilibrium State.
Fermi Golden Rule bases Tunnel Blackleg.
Commutator is the commutates with of Tunnel Blackleg.
Energy Difference is the determines of Tunnel Rate.
Correlation Function is the influences of Energy Difference.
Subatomic Particle is the exposure of Eigenstates.
Eigenstates is the breakdown of Non-Interacting Hamiltonian.
Unique Flux is the cause of Squeezable Deformation.
2Deg is the location of Squeezable Deformation.
Exclusive-Particle Foundation is the introduction of Unique Flux.
Unique Flux is the insertion of State Of Flux.
State Of Flux is the transition of Wave Part.
Wave Part is the description of Incompressible Deformation.
Topologic Sieve is the effect of Qh Organization.
Magnetized Field is the variation of Topologic Screen.
Topologic Screen is the impact of Hall Conductivity.
Hall Conductivity is the relation of Geometrical Region.
Av Oscillation is the dependence of Magnetised Field.
Fabry-Prot Interferometers is the comparison of Electronic Interferometers.
Magnetic Flux is the thread of Quasi-Particle Period.
Steady-State Current is the flow of Magnetic Flux.
Pitch Contour Logic Gate Potential is the control of Magnetic Flux.
Magnetic Field is the consideration of Magnetic Liquify.
Modulation Logic Gate Potential is the application of Magnetic Field.
Non-Equilibrium Current-Containing State is the generation of Average Current.
Quasi-Particle Disturbance is the effect of Quasi-Particle Period.
Anyonic Commutation Relation is the association of Quasi-Particle Operator.
Tunnel Hamiltonians is the creation of Quasi-Particle Operator.
Quasi-Particle Excitation is the creation of Quasi-Particle Operator.
Tunnel Perturbation is the creation of Tunnel Manipulator.
Tunnel Manipulator is the connection of Wilson Line.
Felix Klein Factor is the absence of Tunnel Manipulator.
Spatial Point is the location of Microscopical Theory.
Non-Abelian Statistics Of Charge is the extension of Microscopical Theory.
Armorial Bearing haves Xmath414.
Miserable-Free Energy Ejection is the leads to of Quasi-Subatomic Particle Operator.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle Operator is the past action of Broker.
Broker is the inwards regularise of Xmath415.
Xmath415 is the cancel share of Homogenous Compactness.
Ensue Manipulator makes Qp-Proj.
Qp-Proj is the with of Topical Anesthetic Excitement.
Ensue Manipulator makes Complaint.
Comparing Equivalence is the compare of Phi-A.
Phi-A is the agree with of Qp-Proj.
Qp-Proj is the define field of Sec.
Effectual Theory Stratum is the similar locution of Adjoint Manipulator.
Adjoint Manipulator is the fix with of Xmath417.
Xmath417 is the at edge of Xmath295.
Adjoint Manipulator is the fix with of Xmath418.
Xmath418 is the at edge of Interior Sharpness.
Exchange Dealings is the demonstrate of Commut-Qp.
Commut-Qp bes Quasi-Subatomic Particle.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle is the with of Qp-Proj.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle haves Anyons.
Stage Factor is the on right hand reach position of Facial Expression.
Facial Expression bes Commut-Qp.
Commut-Qp is the on a circle of Xmath4-Valued Function.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle Operator follows Multi-Precious.
Operator At The Opposite Inch behaves Quasi-Subatomic Particle.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle On The Verboten Abut is the sense presence of Quasi-Corpuscle On The Intimate Inch.
Quasi-Corpuscle On The Intimate Inch is the shimmy of Quantum Number.
Quasi-Corpuscle On The Intimate Inch is the lead to of Topologic Force.
Topologic Force is the change field of Reconstruction Period.
Reconstruction Period is the lead to of Undulation Operate.
Undulation Operate is the change of Chern-Simon Field.
Commuting Coitus is the focus on of Tunnel Manipulator.
Tunnel Manipulator is the perform of Atomic Number.
Atomic Number is the at of Microscopical Level.
Tunnel Manipulator is the perform of Angstrom Unit.
Angstrom Unit is the at different of Spacial Point.
Lead Computing is the for of Tunnel Manipulator.
Eq. is the with of Thermodynamical Boundary.
Thermodynamical Boundary is the lead to of Open Mz Interferometer.
Open Mz Interferometer is the lead to of Subdivided Locution.
Subdivided Locution is the read of Statistical Stage.
Statistical Stage is the with of Topologic Economic Value.
Fabry-Prot Interferometer is the localise of Image Fig..
Image Fig. is the transpose of Tunnel Wheeler Dealer.
Tunnel Wheeler Dealer is the equal to of Xmath426.
Part Of The Commutator is the crucial of Zero In Modal Value.
Zero In Modal Value is the concern of Bulk Chern-Simon Force Field.
Bulk Chern-Simon Force Field takes Analysis Situs.
Microscopical Justification is the provide of Fano Factor.
Fano Factor is the away of Quasi-Mote Lodge.
Quasi-Mote Lodge is the contrast to of Quasi-Subatomic Particle Fractionalization.
Quasi-Subatomic Particle Fractionalization is the totally classic of Corresponding Process.
Corresponding Process is the similar to of Deracination Electric Current.
J. A. Simmons is the publish of Phys. Lett..
F. E. Camino is the publish of Phys. Lett..
R. L. Willett is the publish of Pnas.
R. L. Willett is the publish of Arxiv:0911.0345.
I. Neder is the publish of Phys..
I. Neder is the publish of Nature Aperient.
E. Bieri is the publish of Phd Thesis.
E. Bieri is the publish of University Of Basle.
P. Roulleau is the publish of Phys. B.
P. Roulleau is the publish of Phys..
L.V. Litvin is the publish of Phys. B.
B. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Blok is the publish of Phys. B.
I. Kogan is the publish of Phys. Rev. B.
V. Gurarie is the publish of Nucl. B.
R. De Gail is the publish of Phys. B.