Group is the consists of of Task.
Task includes Acknowledgment.
Task includes Depiction.
Task includes Realization Strategy.
Method is the describes of Relationship.
Binary Program is the relates to of Object.
Object is the relates to of Nut Ordered Series.
Method is the describes of Alternative.
Expert is the recommends of Manual Method.
Manual Method is the involves of Model Building.
Model Building is the involves of Image Data Point.
Image Data Point is the transforms into of Coordinate System.
Coordinate System is the applies to of Affine Enrollment.
Affine Enrollment is the creates of Segmented Object.
Segmented Object uses Watershed.
Watershed provides Information.
Segmented Object is the establishes of Correlation.
Correlation is the utilizes of Principal Component Analysis.
Principal Component Analysis is the analyzes of Image.
Image is the calculates of Intensity Weight.
Intensity Weight is the determines of Shift.
Shift is the affects of Pose.
Pose is the applies to of Image.
Image is the involves of Hierarchical Acknowledgment.
Hierarchical Acknowledgment is the uses of Model.
Model is the relates to of System.
System is the applies to of Translation.
Translation is the implements of Common Credit.
Common Credit is the considers of Skin Bounds Object.
Skin Bounds Object is the involves of Search.
Search is the utilizes of Recognition Method.
Recognition Method is the employs of Delineation Algorithm.
Delineation Algorithm is the combines of Integration.
Integration is the integrates of Information.
Information is the contains of Example.
Example represents Shape.
Shape is the describes of Appearance.
Shape is the relates to of Biologic Structure.
Biologic Structure is the utilizes of Statistical Model.
Statistical Model is the applies to of Asm.
Asm is the establishes of Point Correspondence.
Point Correspondence is the involves of Landmarking.
Landmarking is the defines of Shape.
Shape is the contains of Point.
Point is the defines of Contour Line.
Contour Line is the determines of Identification Number.
Image is the employs of Landmarking Technique.
Landmarking Technique is the defines of Shape.
Shape is the contains of Point.
Point represents Image.
Object haves Objectness.
Object requires Segmentation.
Image is the establishes of Relationship.
Object is the defines of Geographics.
Object is the utilizes of Form Model.
Object is the implements of Objective Acknowledgment Strategy.
Objective Acknowledgment Strategy is the recommends of Method.
Characteristic is the increases of Specificity.
Specificity is the affects of Number Of Target.
Paper publishs Conference.
Author is the writes of Paper.