Npdfs is the personify of New Phenomena.
Npdfs is the personify of Mellow-Energy Response.
Npdfs is the personify of Heavy-Ion Collision.
Npdfs is the personify of Quark-Hadron Matter.
Npdfs is the personify of Neutrino Response.
Npdfs is the personify of Neutrino Oscillation Physics.
Npdfs is the personify of Phenomena In Heavy-Ion Response.
Npdfs is the personify of Color Glass Condensate.
Npdfs is the personify of Suppression.
Npdfs is the personify of Parton-Push Deprivation.
Npdfs is the personify of Labored-Ion Collision.
Npdfs is the personify of Lhc (Large Hadron Collider).
Npdfs is the personify of Neutrino Deep Inelastic Scatter.
Npdfs is the personify of Anomalous Value.
Npdfs is the personify of Iron.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Pdfs.
Npdfs is the personify of Atomic Corrections.
Npdfs is the personify of Structure-Function Ratio.
Npdfs is the personify of Drell-Yan Cross-Section Ratio.
Npdfs is the personify of Qcd (Quantum Chromodynamics).
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Modification.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Single.
Npdfs is the personify of Overshadow.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Bind Mechanics.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Mass Medium.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleon S Enrico Fermi Motion.
Npdfs is the personify of Theoretical Computing.
Npdfs is the personify of Observational Data.
Npdfs is the personify of Kinematical Region.
Npdfs is the personify of Parametrization Work.
Npdfs is the personify of Aggregated-Sum.
Npdfs is the personify of Bjorken-X Dependence.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleon.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleonic Analysis.
Npdfs is the personify of Kinematical Neighborhood.
Npdfs is the personify of Nucleon Masses.
Npdfs is the personify of Energy Transfer.
Npdfs is the personify of Parton Distribution.
Npdfs is the personify of Weight Function.
Npdfs is the personify of Atomic Number.
Npdfs is the personify of Antiquark Distribution.
Npdfs is the personify of Gluon Distribution.
Npdfs is the personify of Cteq (Coordinated Theoretical/Experimental Project On Qcd Phenomenology).
Statistical Distribution is the relationship of Gluon.
Gluon is the relationship of Parametric Quantity.
Parametric Quantity is the relationship of Xmath83.
Parametric Quantity is the relationship of Xmath84.
Parametric Quantity is the relationship of Xmath82.
Parametric Quantity is the relationship of Xmath85.
Xmath82 is the relationship of Xmath86.
Parametric Quantity For The Antiquark Dispersion is the relationship of Valency-Quark Dispersion.
Parameter Xmath81 is the relationship of Gluon Tailing Ratio.
Gluon Tailing Ratio is the relationship of Antiquark.
Nlo Analysis is the relationship of Xmath87.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of European Negative Muon Coaction.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of Slac.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of Bologna-Cern-Dubna-Munich-Saclay Collaboration.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of New Mu-Meson Coaction.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of Fermilab.
Data-Based Information is the relationship of Hermes.
Ratio Xmath88 is the relationship of Drell-Yan Data Point.
Drell-Yan Data Point is the relationship of Hkn04.
Deuteron-Proton Ratio is the relationship of Flavour Asymmetric Antiquark Distribution.
Dglap Evolution is the relationship of Perturbative Qcd Region.
Small Xmath7 Region is the relationship of Parametrized Npdfs.
Initial Scale Xmath99 is the relationship of Dglap Evolution Equation.
Dglap Evolution Equation is the relationship of Modified Minimum Minus.
Structure Function is the relationship of Coefficient Function.
Proton-Core Group Drell-Yan Cross Section is the relationship of Subprocess Span Section.
Subprocess Span Section is the relationship of Hybrid Cross Section.
Parton-Energy Loss is the relationship of Structure Function Xmath94.
Drell-Yan Cross Section is the relationship of Theoretical Ratio Xmath98.
Hessian Matrix is the relationship of Npdf Uncertainty.
Npdf Uncertainty is the relationship of Parameter Set Xmath120.
Parameter Set Xmath120 is the relationship of Confidence Interval.
Confidence Interval is the relationship of Parametric Space.
Heavy Particle-Number is the relationship of Charge.
Charge is the relationship of Momentum Conservation.
Data Point is the relationship of Deuteron-Proton Information.
Deuteron-Proton Information is the relationship of Flavor Asymmetric Antiquark Distribution.
Observational Ratio Xmath151 is the relationship of Theoretical Evaluation Xmath152.
Nlo Parametrization is the relationship of Data-Based Data Point.
Theoretical Uncertainty is the relationship of Observational Data Point Xmath153.
Observational Data Point Xmath153 is the relationship of Ratio Xmath154.
John Doe is the tip of of Data Point.
Data Point is the personify guess of Dubiousness.
Gev is the evaluate of Typewrite.
Gev is the evaluate of Ratio.
Gev is the evaluate of Theoretic Ratio.
Gev is the evaluate of Incertitude.
Theoretic Ratio is the calculate of Nlo.
Forecast is the calculate of Nlo.
Forecast is the calculate of Gev.
Gev is the evaluate of Typewrite.
Gev is the evaluate of Ratio.
Gev is the evaluate of Theoretic Ratio.
Gev is the evaluate of Incertitude.
Theoretic Ratio is the calculate of Nlo.
Forecast is the calculate of Nlo.
Forecast is the calculate of Gev.
Outcome is the compare with of Nlo.
Libyan Fighting Group is the compare with of Ratio.
Libyan Fighting Group is the compare with of Ratio.
Libyan Fighting Group is the compare with of Ratio.
Rational Difference is the point out of Observational Value.
Rational Difference is the point out of Theoretic Value.
Rational Difference is the point out of Deviance.
Atomic Number is the difference of Observational Value.
Atomic Number is the difference of Theoretic Value.
Atomic Number is the point out of Deviance.
Gluon Dispersion is the analyze of Nlo.
Pdfs is the investigate of Gluon Dispersion.
Atomic Modification is the show up of Pdfs.
Neutrino Vibration is the apply to of Npdfs.
Hermes Collaboration is the investigate of Npdfs.
Elic is the investigate of Npdfs.
Deuteron is the separately of Discuss.
Valency-Quark Distribution is the determine by of Antishadowing Effect.
Valency-Quark Distribution is the determine by of Antishadowing Effect.
Heavy Quark is the constrain by of Charge Conservation.
Jlab is the provide of Neutrino Measurement.
Miner@Xmath22A Experiment is the provide of Neutrino Measurement.
Miner@Xmath22A Experiment is the provide of Neutrino Measurement.
Neutrino Factory is the provide of Provide.
Neutrino Factory is the provide of Provide.
Neutrino Factory is the provide of Provide.
Gluon is the leads to of Drell-Yan.
Quark is the leads to of Gluon.
J-Parc is the involves of Proton.
Fermilab-E906 is the involves of Proton.
Gsi-Fair is the involves of Ion.
Proton is the differs from of Neutron.
Deuteron is the differs from of Nucleon.
Ca is the differs from of Pb.
Fe is the differs from of Pb.
Al is the differs from of Pb.
Li is the differs from of Pb.
Steve Martin is the collaborator of Henry M. Robert.
Steve Martin is the collaborator of W. J. Stirling.
Steve Martin is the collaborator of R. S. Thorne.
L. L. Frankfort is the collaborator of M. I. Strikman.
L. L. Frankfort is the collaborator of S. Liuti.
J. Ashman is the collaborator of Arneodo.
Arneodo is the collaborator of Al.
G. Bari is the collaborator of C. Benvenuti.
P. Amaudruz is the collaborator of C. Benvenuti.
M. Arneodo is the collaborator of Al.
D. M. Alde is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
M. A. Vasiliev is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
J. J. Aubert is the collaborator of Al.
C. Benvenuti is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
M. R. Samuel Adams is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
M. Arneodo is the collaborator of Al.
M. Miyama is the collaborator of S. Kumano.
M. Hirai is the collaborator of S. Kumano.
M. Hirai is the collaborator of N. Saito.
M. Hirai is the collaborator of T. Atomic Number 1. Nagai.
M. Hirai is the collaborator of K. Sudoh.
M. Hirai is the collaborator of M. Oxalis Tuberosa.
J. Pumplin is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
J. Pumplin is the collaborator of Heart Of Dixie.
A. D. Steve Martin is the collaborator of Al.
K. Prytz is the publication of Phys.
A. Deshpande is the collaborator of R. Milner.
A. Deshpande is the collaborator of R. Venugopalan.
A. Deshpande is the collaborator of W. Vogelsang.
John is the collaborator of Kumano.
Arrington is the collaborator of Al.
Kopeliovich is the collaborator of A. V. Tarasov.
L. Frankfurt is the collaborator of Al.
G. Fai is the collaborator of J. Qiu.
G. Fai is the collaborator of X. Zhang.
F. Arleo is the collaborator of T. Gousset.
K. Tywoniuk is the publication of Phys.
B. Badelek is the collaborator of J. Kwiecinski.
V. R. Zoller is the publication of Phys.
V. Barone is the collaborator of Al.
W. Melnitchouk is the collaborator of A. W. Norman Mattoon Thomas.
W. Melnitchouk is the collaborator of A. W. Schreiber.
W. Melnitchouk is the collaborator of A. W. Lowell Jackson Thomas.
G. Piller is the collaborator of W. Ratzka.
G. Piller is the collaborator of W. Weise.