NEW YORK (AP) — Yankees second baseman Gleyber Torres was placed on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday because of a strained right hip.
Torres was removed after striking out in his second at-bat in the fourth inning before the Yankees went on to beat the Atlanta Braves 6-2.
Before the series finale against the National League East leaders, Yankees manager Aaron Boone was upbeat about the status of his prized rookie.
Torres did not start in Tuesday night's win, but entered the game late as a defensive replacement.
"We're hoping it's a short stint. But we think we've got to deal with it this time because there is a small strain there," Boone said outside the home clubhouse after the game.
"Hopefully it won't be something that it's too long. Probably take us up to the All-Star break."
Boone said the club would assess the situation with a day off Thursday before heading to Toronto for the start of an 11-game, three-city road trip leading into the All-Star Game in Washington.
Torres is hitting .294 with 15 home runs and 42 RBIs in his first 63 major league games.
He had an MRI and was not available to talk to reporters after the game.
Neil Walker, who went over from third base to second at the start of the fifth inning, could get most of the work in Torres' absence.
Another option could be Ronald Torreyes, but he's been on the temporary inactive list at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre for more than a week to deal with a personal issue. Brandon Drury, who started 114 games at second for Arizona last season, could also figure into the mix.
Boone wasn't sure how the injury initially occurred, pointing out that Torres had made some "good base running plays a couple of nights ago when he moved up on some wild pitches."
The Yankees manager also added that if the injury had occurred late in the season, it would've been "possible" for the phenom to be back on the field shortly.
But the team with the second-best record in baseball took the safe route.
"Anytime you're talking about groin, hamstring, quads, once you have a strain in there, you push through it you can make it a worse strain," Boone said.
"And now you're talking weeks and months. Stuff like that. So I think the wise thing is to do this now. Gleyber wants to take a couple of days, work through it. But I think he also understands this is the best thing for him and for us."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball