WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Tour captain Sam Warburton has been picked on the bench in a surprising selection by the British and Irish Lions for their match against the New Zealand Maori at Rotorua on Saturday.
Coach Warren Gatland had indicated he would unveil a test-strength starting lineup to face the Maori, a week out from the series-opening test against New Zealand. But if the team Gatland announced on Thursday is his test lineup, it contains some surprises.
Warburton has been struggling with an ankle injury on tour and played 68 minutes, scoring a try in the Lions' 23-22 loss to the Dunedin-based Highlanders on Tuesday. He still seems short of match fitness and Sean O'Brien has been selected ahead of Warburton on the openside flank.
Ireland's Peter O'Mahony will captain the team from the blindside flank; the fourth captain the Lions will have used in five matches on tour after Warburton, Alun Wyn Jones and Ken Owens.
"Peter is a proven captain with Munster who never takes a backward step and we believe that those leadership qualities will serve us well on Saturday against a quality and determined Maori All Blacks team," Gatland said.
The Lions also sprung a surprise at flyhalf, naming Jonathan Sexton to combine with Ireland scrumhalf Conor Murray and leaving England No. 10 Owen Farrell on the bench.
The backline otherwise looks a preview of the Lions' test lineup with Leigh Halfpenny at fullback, Anthony Watson and George North on the wings and Jonathan Davies and New Zealand-born England center Ben Te'o in midfield.
In the forwards, hooker Jamie George will pack between props Tadhg Furlong and Mako Vunipola while George Kruis and Maro Itoje combine in the second row. Wales' No. 8 Taulupe Faletau joins a strong backrow with O'Mahony and O'Brien.
Gatland has changed the entire starting 15 that lined up against the Highlanders, continuing the policy of sweeping rotation that he has used throughout the tour.
"We were obviously disappointed with the loss against the Highlanders and realize that we need to improve in several areas including our discipline," Gatland said. "But we feel that overall we are building well towards the test matches.
"Every game is a big challenge which is what we wanted and this is an experienced Lions team with eight of the starting 15 involved in the last test in Australia in 2013."
The Lions beat Australia 2-1 in their last test series.
___
British and Irish Lions: Leigh Halfpenny, Anthony Watson, Jonathan Davies, Ben Te'o, George North, Johnny Sexton, Conor Murray; Taulupe Faletau, Sean O'Brien, Peter O'Mahony (captain), George Kruis, Maro Itoje, Tadhg Furlong, Jamie George, Mako Vunipola. Replacements: Ken Owens, Jack McGrath, Kyle Sinckler, Iain Henderson, Sam Warburton, Greig Laidlaw, Owen Farrell, Elliot Daly.