MIAMI (AP) — Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami Marlins' comeback from an early four-run deficit, and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit his 17th home run to start the second inning, added a double and had three RBIs. Tyler Moore hit his fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in his most recent home start.
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for his 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time. They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip. Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold a 4-0 lead in his major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits, four walks and five runs, four earned.
Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single, his first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons. He then scored on Jed Lowrie's double to put Oakland ahead 5-4.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Oakland: RF Matt Joyce left in the third, one inning after he cut his chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup, which Alonso caught.
Miami: LHP Braxton Garrett, the Marlins' top prospect, will receive a second opinion on his sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews. Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery.
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett, 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville.
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft. Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman.
UP NEXT
Miami: The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games. They begin a three-game series at Atlanta on Friday, when RHP Dan Straily (4-4, 3.89) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00).
Oakland: The A's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday, when RHP Sonny Gray (2-2, 4.37) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55).
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball