BERLIN (AP) — Borussia Dortmund is dominating the end of the transfer window in Germany with Spanish defender Marc Bartra leaving, promising winger Sergio Gomez joining and striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang expected to go.
Aubameyang was expected to complete his move to Arsenal on Wednesday for a reported 64.5 million euros ($80 million) once Dortmund had finalized a replacement.
Kicker magazine reported that that was likely to be Belgium forward Michy Batshuayi from Chelsea on a loan deal to the end of the season, with talks ongoing regarding a possible option to buy. Arsenal forward Olivier Giroud, who Dortmund had in mind initially, was expected to move to Chelsea to complete the three-way deal.
Dortmund said it had made a "big concession" on the transfer fee to allow Bartra to go to Real Betis after a tumultuous Bundesliga spell.
Bartra was injured after being hit with shrapnel in the bomb attack on Dortmund's team bus before a Champions League game last April. The 27-year-old Spaniard said he had feared for his life.
Bartra played 49 competitive games for Dortmund after joining from Barcelona in 2016, but the club's signing of Swiss defender Manuel Akanji from FC Basel increased the competition for a starting place.
Fellow defender Neven Subotic left the club for French team Saint-Etienne last week, while Danish attacking midfielder Jacob Bruun Larsen joined Stuttgart on loan for the rest of the season.
Dortmund said Tuesday that the 17-year-old Gomez, an attacking midfielder, was joining from Barcelona. He will play for Dortmund's under-19 team until the end of the season, then join the senior team in July. Gomez was voted the second best player at the Under-17 World Cup in India in October.
"Gomez is undoubtedly one of the best players in the world for his age group," Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc said.
Wolfsburg boosted its goal-threat by signing Swiss attacking midfielder Admir Mehmedi from Bayer Leverkusen.
"Mehmedi fits perfectly with our needs," said Wolfsburg sporting director Olaf Rebbe, whose team has only four Bundesliga wins in 20 games.
Schalke reinforced its defense with the return of Abdul Rahman Baba on loan for 1½ seasons from Chelsea. The club had already secured the signing of Croatian forward Marko Pjaca from Juventus.
Bayern Munich also moved early in the transfer window, signing Sandro Wagner from Hoffenheim as a back-up to forward Robert Lewandowski. Wagner scored his first Bayern goal last weekend in a rout of his former club.
Japan midfielder Genki Haraguchi joined second-division club Fortuna Duesseldorf on loan from Hertha Berlin, while Mainz boosted its ranks by signing Dutch midfielder Nigel de Jong from Galatasaray and Nigerian striker Anthony Ujah from Chinese club Liaoning Whowin.
The transfer window in Germany was open until 6 p.m. local time.