BOSTON (AP) — The Latest on sentencing in the 2012 meningitis outbreak (all times local):
12:20 a.m.
The pharmacist convicted in connection with a deadly meningitis outbreak has tearfully apologized to the victims for the pain and suffering they endured.
Glenn Chin sobbed as he struggled through his statement during his sentencing hearing in Boston's federal courthouse on Wednesday.
Chin said he has prayed every day for the people who were impacted by the outbreak. Chin says he understands that many of the victims will never forgive him, but said he will continue to pray that they will "find some sort of peace."
Chin was convicted in October of fraud and racketeering, but cleared of second-degree murder. Prosecutors are seeking 35 years behind bars, while the defense is urging the judge for a three-year sentence.
___
11:45 a.m.
Victims of the 2012 meningitis outbreak and their family members are describing the pain and suffering they experienced because of the contaminated drugs.
The victims spoke Wednesday during the sentencing hearing in federal court in Boston for pharmacist Glenn Chin, who was convicted of racketeering and mail fraud for his role in the nationwide outbreak.
The Massachusetts man was cleared in October of second-degree murder under federal racketeering law.
Colette Rybinski choked back tears as she described watching her 55-year-old husband deteriorate mentally and physically after being injected with a mold-tainted steroid.
She urged the judge to punish Chin severely, saying he ignored plenty of warning signs that the drugs were unsafe.
Prosecutors are seeking a 35-year-sentence for Chin. Chin's lawyers are asking for about three years behind bars.
___
12 a.m.
A Massachusetts pharmacist convicted of mail fraud and racketeering in connection with a deadly meningitis outbreak is set to be sentenced.
Prosecutors in Boston's federal court will ask a judge Wednesday to sentence Glenn Chin to 35 years in prison for his role in the 2012 outbreak that killed 76 people and sickened hundreds.
Chin was cleared in October of second-degree murder charges, but convicted on dozens of other counts. Chin ran the now-closed New England Compounding Center's clean rooms, where the drugs were made.
The outbreak was traced to mold-contaminated steroid injections.
Chin's attorneys are asking for about three years behind bars. They say there's no evidence Chin caused the drugs to become contaminated and have blamed the pharmacy's co-founder, Barry Cadden.
Cadden is serving a nine-year prison sentence.