HANNOVER, Germany--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--With new investors and management, the former ACTA/Heliocentris Italy changed the name to Enapter, and is showcasing innovations to the existing product line.
Enapter offers electrolyser systems in the range of 250L to 1000L/h. Enapter stacks are small, flexible, modular. The electrolysers are scalable and enable cost effective systems of up to 48kW. They produce clean and dry hydrogen, directly compressed to 35 bar. The electrolyser can be powered from any source.
Enapter is also demonstrating existing international use-cases where on-site hydrogen production is realized; such as back-up power for off-grid houses, telecom towers, production and laboratory use.
At the Hannover Fair, Enapter continues to showcase its Anion Exchange Membrane (AEM) Technology. AEM operates in a non-corrosive, slightly alkaline environment, where no noble metals are required to achieve a good lifetime. This unique technology combines the benefits of cost-efficient alkaline electrolysis with those of the Proton Exchange Membrane (PEM) electrolysis.
Enapter will reveal its new state-of-the-art energy monitoring system. The comprehensive dashboard provides a full view of the hydrogen production data. Enapter ensures high security standards by using TLS 1.2 protocol, and the authorization system is based on X.509 certificates. The new software is equipped with MQTT and OPC-UA Interfaces to be Industry 4.0 compatible. The mobile application reduces monitoring system setup and update time to a fraction of time.
Meet the Enapter team at # D.57, in Hall 27, from Monday, April 23 to Friday, 27.
About Enapter
Enapter’s core technology has a 10-year proven track record and is the foundation for a unique range of low-cost, compact hydrogen electrolysers. Today, they are already used internationally in the telecommunications, academia, and agricultural and residential fields.
Enapter took over the former company ACTA/Heliocentris in the end of 2017, and invested in a huge turnaround. The company is structured like a hydrogen technology startup with offices today in Italy, Germany and Thailand. The company designs and manufactures highly efficient and modular hydrogen generators, using AEM electrolysis. The team combines electrochemical and IT expertise to drive the Hydrogen Economy from both hardware and software standpoints. For more information please visit the website www.enapter.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005015/en/
CONTACT: Enapter
Vaitea Cowan
Head of Marketing
vaitea@enapter.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE NORTH AMERICA CANADA GERMANY
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: ENERGY ALTERNATIVE ENERGY TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE SOFTWARE TELECOMMUNICATIONS MANUFACTURING ENGINEERING RESEARCH SCIENCE
SOURCE: Enapter
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 02:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 02:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180422005015/en