WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on U.S. President Donald Trump's planned meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (all times local):
10 a.m.
U.N. chief António Guterres says there is no "plan B" for resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, after the White House suggested a two-state solution was one of many options for making peace.
Speaking to reporters in Cairo, Guterres said the international community must do everything it can to bring about a two-state solution.
Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry, standing next to Guterres, did not comment on the issue.
The two-state solution has wide international backing and has been a cornerstone of American diplomacy in the Middle East for more than two decades.
A senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump hopes to bring the two sides together and facilitate a peace agreement, but that peace — and not necessarily a Palestinian state alongside Israel — was the priority. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in order to preview the meeting.
___
4 a.m.
A Palestinian official says the goal of establishing a state of Palestine alongside Israel enjoys broad international support, expressing surprise at a Trump administration suggestion that a peace deal may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
Husam Zomlot, an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, says the "two-state solution is not something we just came up with."
Zomlot spoke ahead of a White House meeting on Wednesday between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
A White House official has said that it's up to Israelis and Palestinians to decide what peace will entail, and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
Zomlot says it's not clear if the comments signal a shift from long-standing U.S. policy of supporting a two-state deal.
___
3:30 a.m.
The White House says rebooting the Mideast peace process is a very high priority for the Trump administration, although peace may not come in the form of a two-state solution.
A senior White House official says President Donald Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal and hoping to bring the Israelis and Palestinians together sometime soon.
Trump is meeting Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
The official says that peace is the goal, regardless of whether it comes in the form of a two-state solution. The official spoke on condition of anonymity in order to preview the meeting.
Other topics of discussion expected to come up Wednesday include expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and a potential move of the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.