LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jul 4, 2018--Infiniti Research, a global market and customer intelligence solutions provider, has announced the completion of their new market assessment study on the green packaging industry. A well-renown green packaging manufacturer wanted to determine consumers’ preferences and boost the overall awareness of their products.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en/
Market Assessment Study on the Green Packaging Market Assessing Sustainability Challenges in Expanding Product Offerings to Niche Target Regions. (Graphic: Business Wire)
According to the experts at Infiniti, “Sustainability is an important and fast-growing area of concern for packaging companies as it addresses environmental, social, and economic challenges.”
to see how Infiniti Research’s solutions can help you.
In the current competitive business environment, organizations in the global packaging industry are being broadly analyzed along the entire supply network, beginning from raw material processing to end-of-life processes. Therefore, there have been important advances in sustainability, which has later posed major challenges due to the difficulty of interactions between packaging and the packaged products and the various functions performed by them. The growing trend towards sustainability and the adoption of green packaging solutions has greatly influenced manufacturers in the packaging industry.
The market assessment solution presented by Infiniti helped the client to find out all market opportunities whilst effectively tackling sustainability issues. The client was able to extract other information including trends, growth, opportunities, risks, and key players in the market.
This market assessment solution provided benefits that helped the client to:
Develop an action plan for addressing the issues identified Gain a holistic view of the risks and opportunities in the packaging industry To know more about our market assessment solution,
This market assessment solution provided predictive insights on:
Expanding their product offerings to niche target segments Identifying new market opportunities To read more about the scope of our engagement,
View the complete market assessment study here:
About Infiniti Research
Established in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies.
With 15+ years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en/
CONTACT: Infiniti Research
Anirban Choudhury
Marketing Consultant
US: +1 844 778 0600
UK: +44 203 893 3400
hello@infinitiresearch.com
https://www.infinitiresearch.com/contact-us
KEYWORD:
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: MANUFACTURING PACKAGING ENVIRONMENT
SOURCE: Infiniti Research
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 07/04/2018 08:03 AM/DISC: 07/04/2018 08:03 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180704005120/en