CLEVELAND (AP) — Kyle Schwarber hit two of Chicago's four solo home runs and the Cubs defeated the Cleveland Indians 10-3 on Tuesday night in the first meeting between the teams since their classic 2016 World Series.
The Cubs won Game 7 of that Series in Cleveland for their first championship since 1908, a game that was delayed by rain in the 10th inning shortly before Chicago took the lead. This matchup was played in a steady rain that began before the first pitch.
The Cubs won three games in Cleveland's ballpark during the 2016 Series and continued the trend against Josh Tomlin (0-3), who allowed all four homers. Schwarber connected leading off the second and fourth. Willson Contreras went deep in the third and Ian Happ homered in the fourth.
Tyler Chatwood (1-3) won for the first time with the Cubs, allowing one run in six-plus innings. He was pulled after a leadoff single in the seventh.
Cubs third baseman Kris Bryant was out of the lineup two days after being hit in the head by a pitch. Chicago manager Joe Maddon said before the game that the 2016 NL MVP has a cut above his left eye but no concussion after being drilled Sunday by Colorado's German Marquez.
Schwarber is batting .500 (15 for 30) with three homers and eight RBIs in seven career games at Progressive Field, including the postseason.
Happ was 3 for 4 with two RBIs, and Contreras hit his first home run of the season. The Cubs scored three in the seventh off Zach McAllister and two in the ninth against Matt Belisle.
Tomlin has allowed eight home runs in 12 2/3 innings over four appearances. The right-hander gave up five runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.
Jason Kipnis had an RBI groundout in the third, but right fielder Jason Heyward's throw home got Rajai Davis at the plate to end the inning. Davis tried to score from second on Jose Ramirez's single, but was out on a headfirst slide. Cleveland challenged but the call was upheld.
Heyward also took a hit away from Kipnis with a sliding catch in the sixth.
The teams complete the two-game series Wednesday night. The Cubs have won four of five and are two games over .500 (11-9) for the first time this season.
The rain intensified throughout the game, leaving puddles in the infield and causing Cubs reliever Steve Cishek to slip on the mound several times. The inclement weather led to a crowd of 16,408.
UP NEXT
Cubs LHP Jon Lester (2-0, 3.10 ERA) faces RHP Trevor Bauer (1-2, 2.67) in the series finale. Lester went 1-1 with a 3.68 ERA in three appearances against Cleveland during the 2016 World Series.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball