CLEVELAND (AP) — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended his MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
BREWERS 3, CARDINALS 2
MILWAUKEE (AP) — Alex Reyes pitched four scoreless innings for St. Louis in his return from Tommy John surgery, but Orlando Arcia hit a tiebreaking RBI single in Milwaukee's two-run seventh
Making his first major league appearance since Sept. 29, 2016, Reyes allowed three hits, struck out two and walked two.
With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save.
Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
RED SOX 6, BLUE JAYS 4
BOSTON (AP) — J.D. Martinez hit a tiebreaking two-run homer over the Green Monster, and the Red Sox completed a three-game series sweep.
Martinez tied for the major league lead with his 18th homer, snapping a 2-2 tie in the sixth.
Eduardo Nunez hit a solo homer and an RBI double for Boston, which has won nine of 11 and has the best record in the major leagues at 39-17.
Teoscar Hernandez hit a two-run homer for the Blue Jays, who have lost 13 of 17. Sam Gaviglio (2-1) gave up four runs in six innings.
Eduardo Rodriguez (6-1) struck out seven in 6 2/3 innings for Boston, and Craig Kimbrel got three outs for his 18th save.
REDS 7, DIAMONDBACKS 4
PHOENIX (AP) — Adam Duvall's grand slam erased an early four-run deficit, and Cincinnati rallied for the victory.
Scott Schebler added a tiebreaking two-run drive in the sixth, helping the last-place Reds salvage the finale of the three-game set. Joey Votto and Eugenio Suarez each had three hits.
Both of Cincinnati's homers came off Patrick Corbin (5-2), who gave up a season-high six runs and eight hits in six innings.
Paul Goldschmidt and John Ryan Murphy went deep for the Diamondbacks, who have dropped 16 of 20 overall.
Sal Romano (3-6) pitched five innings in his first win since May 4, and Raisel Iglesias got four outs for his ninth save.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball