INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Victor Oladipo sparked a decisive run and finished with 20 points, Myles Turner had 21 points and the Indiana Pacers recovered from a poor start for a 110-100 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Monday night.
The victory snapped Indiana's two-game losing streak.
Los Angeles was led by Kyle Kuzma with 27 points and Brook Lopez with 23, but the Lakers still lost their third straight.
Oladipo and Darren Collison got Indiana going with back-to-back 3-pointers midway through the third quarter for a 77-70 lead. After a layup from Julius Randle, Collison made a 20-footer and Lance Stephenson hit a 10-footer. When the 14-4 flurry ended, Indiana led 85-74 with 3:04 left in the third.
The Lakers never seriously challenged after that.
It was a stark contrast to the Lakers' fast start. Efficient shooting helped them take a 28-19 lead in the first quarter, but when the shooters cooled off, the Pacers charged back and used a 15-6 second-quarter run to make it 51-50 late in the period.
The Pacers still trailed 59-57 at the half — before Oladipo helped flip things in the second half.
TIP-INS
Lakers: Have lost five straight at Indiana but wound up with a split in the season series. ... Kuzma was 3 of 10 on 3s, extending the franchise record for a rookie to 135. He also had eight rebounds. ... The Lakers lead the league with 52.7 points in the paint per game but only managed to match the Pacers 46-46 in that category. ... Randle finished with 21 points and nine rebounds. ... Lonzo Ball had eight assists.
Pacers: After giving up 37 points in the first quarter, Indiana allowed only 63 the rest of the game. ... Collison made his first start since having foot surgery. ... Backup center Domantas Sabonis missed his third straight game with a sprained left ankle and will miss the Pacers next game as well, coach Nate McMillan said before the game. ... Oladipo extended his streak of consecutive games with a steal to 54, breaking a tie with Ron Harper for No. 8 in league history. ... Thaddeus Young had 18 points, nine rebounds and four assists while Stephenson had 16 points and five rebounds.
UP NEXT
Lakers: Visit New Orleans on Thursday night, the second stop on a five-game road trip.
Pacers: Will try to earn a series split at New Orleans on Wednesday night.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball