BANGALORE, India (AP) — Chris Gayle finally made it to the Indian Premier League this season when Kings XI Punjab bought the West Indies opener at his base price of only $312,000 on Day 2 of the players' auction on Sunday.
Gayle remained unsold on Saturday when he could not attract any of the eight IPL franchises before Kings XI Punjab bought the West Indies hard-hitting left-hander.
The 38-year-old Gayle played for Royal Challengers Bangalore from 2011-17 after representing Kolkata Knight Riders in the first three seasons of IPL.
India opener Murali Vijay also benefited on the second day after being ignored on Saturday when he was bought by Chennai Super Kings for $312,000.
India wicketkeeper-batsman Parthiv Patel ($265,000) and Australia fast bowler Mitchell Johnson ($312,000) found buyers on Day 2 when they went to Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kolkata Knight Riders, respectively.
Medium fast bowler Jaydev Unadkat was the most expensive Indian player to be sold over the two days when Rajasthan Royals made a winning bid of $1.8 million. Australian fast bowler Andrew Tye was also sold for more than the million mark when King XI Punjab bought him for $1.1 million.
Sandeep Lamichhane was the first Nepalese player to get an IPL contract when the legspinner went to Delhi Daredevils for $31,000.
"The Delhi boys flew him out and saw him bowling in the nets, he was pretty impressive, he might not be ready to play yet but they saw a lot of talent there ... see if he can turn into a world-class bowler in a few years," Delhi coach Ricky Ponting said.
Young Afghanistan spinners Mujeeb Zadran and Zahir Khan also got snapped up.
Zadran, 16, went to Kings XI Punjab for $625,000 and Zahir, 19, was bought by Rajasthan Royals for $93,000.
England one-day skipper Eoin Morgan was unsold despite previous experience with Royal Challengers Bangalore, Kolkata Knight Riders, Sunrisers Hyderabad and Kings XI Punjab.
Other big-name players who went unsold this year included Lasith Malinga, Shaun Marsh, Lendl Simmons, Dale Steyn and Martin Guptill.