LiAngelo Ball got to wear Lonzo Ball’s No. 2 while working out for the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday, but it appears as though the Purple and Gold may be reluctant to add LaVar Ball’s second son in some capacity this summer.
According to the New York Times’ Marc Stein, “there is pessimism in the extreme coming out of L.A. today that the Lakers have any intentions for [Gelo] … G-League or otherwise.”
A dribble of draft scuttle for those interested: The Lakers had LiAngelo Ball in for a well-chronicled workout this week but there is pessimism in the extreme coming out of L.A. today that the Lakers have any intentions for him … G-League or otherwise — Marc Stein (@TheSteinLine) May 30, 2018
The odds of the Lakers—or any NBA team, for that matter—spending a draft pick on LiAngelo have always seemed long. L.A., for its part, owns the Nos. 25 and 47 picks in the June 21 draft.
But the notion that the Purple and Gold might pass on Gelo entirely could come as something of a surprise. It’s not uncommon for NBA teams to add the less-talented siblings of their incumbent players to their then-D-League rosters. The New York Knicks pulled that favor with J.R. Smith’s brother Chris Smith. The Golden State Warriors similarly helped the brothers of Stephen Curry (Seth Curry) and Klay Thompson (Mychel Thompson).
Granted, none of those players had a father quite like LaVar Ball, with all the political and public-relations concerns he brings. The Big Baller Brand CEO has seemed more amenable of late to his second son playing outside of L.A., though that would clearly imperil his “master plan” to get all three of his boys on the Lakers.
That said, Stein’s report, in all its vagueness, doesn’t explicitly disqualify the possibility that LiAngelo could land on the Lakers’ Summer League squad as an undrafted free agent. But if the organization isn’t keen to even consider keeping the 19-year-old around, it stands to reason that he wouldn’t wear Purple and Gold in July either.
If this rumor is true, it should give Gelo all the more reason to put on his best performance yet when he auditions for the Warriors on June 10.
Related LiAngelo Ball to reportedly work out for Golden State Warriors in June