The Los Angeles Lakers were without Lonzo Ball for a ninth straight game on Friday. But rather than succumb to a lack of energy, effort and playmaking without their rookie point guard, Brook Lopez, Julius Randle, Brandon Ingram and first-year swingman Josh Hart picked up the slack in a 102-109 win over D’Angelo Russell, Spencer Dinwiddie and the Brooklyn Nets at the Barclays Center.
Hart, starting in place of Tyler Ennis, hustled for a career-high (and Lonzo-like) 14 rebounds to go with his 15 points, two assists and three three-pointers. Brandon Ingram, serving as the nominal point guard in Ball’s absence, tallied a personal-best 10 assists against just two turnovers. The second-year “Slenderman” added 16 points (6-of-8 at the free-throw line) and eight rebounds to flirt with a triple-double.
L.A.’s frontcourt took full advantage of the Nets’ youth in the middle. Though Brooklyn rookie Jarrett Allen did well to pick-and-roll his way to a career-high 20 points, Kenny Atkinson’s club had no answers on the other end for Lopez and Randle.
Brook used his first game back in Brooklyn, where he spent five of his nine Nets seasons, to recover from a frustrating night in Orlando with 19 points, three three-pointers and three blocks. Ju, meanwhile, bullied his way to his fourth double-double in his last six games (19 points, 12 rebounds), albeit while tallying five of the Lakers’ 15 turnovers.
L.A.’s pace wasn’t quite where head coach Luke Walton would like it (and where Lonzo would usually have it), especially against a Nets squad that ranked among the league’s top six in possessions per game coming into the night. And though the Lakers suffered some disconcerting defensive lapses, they did well to dominate the glass (56-38) and avoid getting burned by Brooklyn from beyond the arc (9-of-29, 31.0 percent).
Russell and Dinwiddie gave the Purple and Gold their fair share of problems. The former, whom the Lakers dealt to Brooklyn in a blockbuster trade involving Lopez and Timofey Mozgov before the 2017 draft, scored 15 points on 7-of-18 shooting off the bench. The latter, previously a prep star at Taft High School, stuffed the stat sheet with 23 points, seven rebounds and nine assists.
Those performances could be harbingers of what the Purple and Gold will face in the finale of their five-game road trip on Super Bowl Sunday. While Russell and Dinwiddie are no slouches, as all-around talents, they pale in comparison to the singular threats posed by Russell Westbrook, Paul George and, to a lesser extent, Carmelo Anthony on the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Considering how L.A.’s previous two meetings against the Thunder sans Zo turned out—a 37-point loss at Staples Center and a 24-point defeat at Chesapeake Energy Arena—the Lakers will need to dig even deeper for their inner Big Baller if they’re to avoid another embarrassment, let alone steal a win.