Since LeBron James agreed to suit up for the Los Angeles Lakers next season, Kawhi Leonard’s desire to join the Purple and Gold reportedly hasn’t abated. But with the San Antonio Spurs seeking a massive haul for the two-time NBA Defensive Player of the Year, Magic Johnson and Rob Pelinka could delay making a run at Leonard until free agency next summer.
According to ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski, the Lakers are “kind of showing their hand” by remaining patient rather than sending assets to San Antonio for Leonard in a trade.
The Spurs are apparently requesting a king’s ransom for the former NBA Finals MVP. Though San Antonio is reportedly uninterested in point guard Lonzo Ball, the team seems to have eyes for Brandon Ingram, Kyle Kuzma, Josh Hart, two first round picks and two draft pick swaps.
On Monday, Stephen A. Smith of ESPN reported that L.A. has informed San Antonio that Kuzma is unavailable.
“They’ve [Lakers] been willing to offer what they consider to be a fair package but they’ve made it very clear to San Antonio that Kyle Kuzma is off limits…they’re not letting go of Kuzma.” – @stephenasmith on the Lakers not wanting to trade Kuzma — ESPNLosAngeles (@ESPNLosAngeles) July 2, 2018
Wojnarowski also pointed out that L.A. haven’t made an “overwhelming offer” that would intrigue San Antonio to move Leonard.
With DeMarcus Cousins signing with the Golden State Warriors, Chris Paul re-signing with the Houston Rockets, Paul George re-upping with the Oklahoma City Thunder, a trade for Leonard is the Lakers’ best hope of adding another star player this summer.
Although a tandem of James and Leonard would unquestionably make L.A. a serious championship contender this season, losing their young stars All-Star potential could hurt them in the long run.
When Leonard’s trade demand went public, it became known that the Lakers were his preferred trade destination. But it’s a risk if a team like the Boston Celtics or Philadelphia 76ers acquires Leonard (via trade) this summer, then impresses him enough during the regular season enough to stay long term.
That’s exactly what happened with Paul George.
Before the Thunder acquired George from the Indiana Pacers last summer, the Lakers were first on the All-Star’s list of teams. But the L.A. decided to wait until free agency to pursue George, giving OKC a full season to convince George to remain next to All-Star Russell Westbrook.
PG to LA fans: "I wanted to come here a year ago … Unfortunately wasn’t traded to the Lakers. Lakers didn’t grab me,” per @espn pic.twitter.com/QTUBtbByus — Bleacher Report (@BleacherReport) July 4, 2018
As a result, George agreed to a four-year, $137 million max contract with the Thunder, without giving L.A. a chance to pitch him.
But Leonard and George are two different people, and rolling the dice for Kawhi’s free agency might be worth it for the Lakers if they can keep their young core together as a result.