Lonzo Ball got a first-hand look at the movement the Big Baller Brand has become when he showed up to the pop-up shop at Sneaker Pawn in New York City on Sunday. Like LaVar Ball, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball, the Los Angeles Lakers rookie was greeted upon arrival by a line of rabid Triple B fans that extended a full city block.
Never in his wildest dreams did the Crown Prince of Chino Hills imagine that his family’s clothing line would explode the way it has—though he suspects the Big Baller himself had a notion.
“It was just an idea that started at the house in Chino Hills,” Zo said after Lakers practice at Baruch College on Monday. “The fact that it’s reached all the way out here and people are going crazy about it, I didn’t see it. I’m sure my dad did.”
Lonzo Ball talks about playing at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday and the Big Baller Brand pop-up shop in New York. pic.twitter.com/TC6G9xNWxE — Arash Markazi (@ArashMarkazi) December 11, 2017
Ball was first taken aback by the power of the BBB when he went to Hawaii with family and friends this past summer.
“That’s when it kind of opened my eyes,” he recalled. “I didn’t know it was going to reach all the way to Hawaii until we took that trip out there and everybody knew us and had the gear on and stuff.”
That experience gave Lonzo some inkling that there might be a big reaction in Manhattan—albeit not as big as the one the Big Ballers actually received.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“I got out the car, I was like ‘Wow. It’s cold out here, I wouldn’t stand out there,'” Ball said.
But the people of the Big Apple did, cheering and chanting all the while, not as much for Lonzo as for LaVar.
“Everybody was calling my dad a legend,” Zo said. “That was probably the funniest. Just yelling out the brand, saying ‘LaVar is my hero.'”
Lonzo will have an opportunity to strengthen his own cult following in New York City on Tuesday, when he takes the floor at Madison Square Garden for the first time against the New York Knicks.