Lonzo Ball stood out during the Los Angeles Lakers’ 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers by not standing out enough. The rookie out of UCLA attempted four shots (all three-pointers) in 37 minutes and notched just two of his eight assists after the first quarter at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday.
Zo declined a handful of opportunities to score inside, choosing instead to kick the ball out to his teammates. After the game, the 20-year-old agreed with the need to attack, but pointed out a delicate balance that he needs to strike on a squad replete with bucket getters.
“I think I got to be more aggressive, especially tonight,” Ball said. “But at the same time, we have a lot of guys that can shoot the ball. Someone has to pass, so that’s kind of my job to get everybody the ball. But definitely got to look to score a little more.”
.@ZO2_ talks about the #Lakers not getting the necessary stops in the 2nd half vs. the Pacers with @LakersReporter. pic.twitter.com/7KJtau2qeb — Spectrum SportsNet (@SpectrumSN) March 20, 2018
Zo is right to point out all the hungry mouths he, as the team’s point guard, has to feed with passes. Julius Randle, Brook Lopez and fellow rookie Kyle Kuzma each scored 20 points or more in Indy, and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Isaiah Thomas are plenty capable of doing the same.
And that’s before factoring in Brandon Ingram, who’s missed L.A.’s last nine games with a groin injury.
In the long run, though, Lonzo looking for his shot more often would be a huge help for himself and his teammates. The more of a threat he can become, the more opposing defenses will have to commit to corralling him. . .and the more open the passing lanes to other Lakers will be as defenders bear down on him.
All told, the Purple and Gold are now 4-11 when Zo takes fewer than 10 shots in a game, as opposed to 18-15 when he attempts 10 or more.
For now, the pressure for Ball to get buckets should subside somewhat once Ingram returns from his groin injury. That may well come on Thursday against the New Orleans Pelicans, assuming the second-year swingman is able to last through a full-contact practice before then.