Chino Hills High School is no longer the nationally-ranked winning machine it once was when Lonzo Ball, LiAngelo Ball and LaMelo Ball were running the show. But life for the Huskies—who already have as many losses this season (three) as they did during their last two years combined with LaVar Ball’s kids on the team—isn’t all bad.
“This year the ball gets moved around more and everyone gets touches now,” Onyeka Okongwu, a 6-foot-9 center in his third season as a starter at Chino Hills, told USA Today High School Sports’ Jason Jordan. “I’m getting the ball more than I have in the past. There are pluses and minuses to it. I’m just not used to losing this much, this early.”
That’s to be expected for a squad that lost Gelo, who led the state of California in scoring as a senior (33.8 points per game), and Melo, who averaged 26.7 points as a sophomore.
The Ball family hasn’t been scrubbed entirely from the school’s roster. Andre Ball, a high-flying senior forward, is a cousin to LaVar’s kids and one of the Huskies’ main remaining stars, along with Okongwu. Gelo and Melo were recently spotted scoping out Andre in Chino Hill’s first defeat of the 2017-18 season.
Melo’s imprint on this year’s team remains. Phaquan Davis, who runs the point for first-year coach Dennis Latimore now that LaMelo Ball, says he learned all about mental toughness from watching LaVar’s youngest boy thrive in the spotlight.
“He never got rattled out there,” Davis said. “Even with all the attention and stuff on him, he kept his head. He’s my brother so I learned a lot from him, but I was always prepared for a moment like this. I think we’re gonna be fine. We don’t have the Balls, but we’re still strong.”
Maybe not strong enough to win their league, let alone compete for a state title. But in a world where the Big Baller Brand CEO no longer casts a long shadow (and an even longer word) over the program, that step down in performance might not be all bad.
Sign up Like this article? Sign up for the Lonzo Wire email newsletter to get our top stories in your inbox every morning Success Thanks for signing up.
You'll be waking up a little more awesome tomorrow. Whoa! Something went wrong. Try again?
“We’re okay,” Okongwu said.
“People think that because we don’t have any Ball brothers that we’re not good,” Davis added. “But we’re a really good team. Things are just different now.”