Hellblazer is the main character of John Constantine.
Hellblazer publishs Dc Comics.
Hellblazer publishs Vertigo.
John Constantine creates Alan Moore.
John Constantine creates Stephen R. Bissette.
Hellblazer contributes Jamie Delano.
Hellblazer contributes Garth Ennis.
Hellblazer contributes Paul Jenkins.
Hellblazer contributes Warren Ellis.
Hellblazer contributes Grant Morrison.
Hellblazer contributes Neil Gaiman.
Hellblazer contributes Mike Carey.
Hellblazer contributes Peter Milligan.
Hellblazer works John Ridgway.
Hellblazer works Simon Bisley.
Hellblazer works Mark Buckingham.
Hellblazer works Richard Corben.
Hellblazer works Steve Dillon.
Hellblazer works Marcelo Frusin.
Hellblazer works Jock.
Hellblazer works David Lloyd.
Hellblazer works Leonardo Manco.
Hellblazer works Sean Phillips.
Hellblazer is the cover designer of Dave Mckean.
Hellblazer is the cover designer of Tim Bradstreet.
Hellblazer is the cover designer of Glenn Fabry.
Hellblazer is the cover designer of Kent Williams.
Book is the cover artist of Dave Mckean.
Book is the cover artist of Tim Bradstreet.
Book is the cover artist of Glenn Fabry.
Book is the cover artist of Kent Williams.
Book is the cover artist of David Lloyd.
Book is the cover artist of Sean Phillips.
Book is the artist of John Ridgway.
Book is the artist of Mark Buckingham.
Book is the artist of Richard Corben.
Book is the artist of Steve Dillon.
Book is the artist of Marcelo Frusin.
Book is the artist of Jock.
Book is the artist of Leonardo Manco.
Book is the author with long career of Garth Ennis.
Book is the author with long career of Mike Carey.
Book is the author with long career of Peter Milligan.
Book is the author with long career of Grant Morrison.
Book is the author with long career of Neil Gaiman.
Book is the character of Chas.
Book is the character of Astra.
Book is the artist of Joachim.
Book is the character of Professor Lachaise.
Book is the character of Dr. Rendell.
Book is the character of Tali.
Book is the character of Ellie.
Book is the character of Kit Ryan.
John Constantine is the professor of Professor Lachaise.
John Constantine works Judge Dredd.
John Constantine is the friend of Kit Ryan.
John Constantine is the relationship of Tali.
John Constantine is the relationship of Ellie.
John Constantine is the foe of Papa Midnite.
John Constantine assists Aleister Crowley.
John Constantine is the descendant of of King Arthur.
John Constantine opposes Merlin.
John Constantine is the foe of Bedin.
John Constantine assists Knewland.
Constantine is the encounter of Death.
John Constantine is the relationship of John'S Father.
John Constantine is the introduction of Inspector Watford.
John Constantine is the introduction of Clarice.
John Constantine is the introduction of Map.
John Constantine is the introduction of Angie Spatchcock.
John Constantine is the introduction of Gemma Constantine.
John Constantine is the interaction of Rosacarnis.
Rosacarnis is the manipulation of Kit Ryan.
John returns London.
John finds Constantine.
Constantine returns London.
Constantine is the saved soul with help of of Rosacarnis.
Rosacarnis helps Nergal.
Mike Carey returns Denise Mina.
Denise Mina uses Hellblazer.
Denise Mina is the niece of of Gemma.
Gemma turns Constantine.
Epiphany Greaves is the crime of Gemma.
Epiphany Greaves is the crime of John.
John is the affair of Finn.
John is the affair of Phantom.
Constantine is the affair of Finn.
Constantine is the conversation of Three Fates.
Constantine is the conversation of Three Fates.
Constantine is the conversation of Three Fates.
Constantine is the conversation of Three Fates.
John is the tenuous relationship of Gemma.
Ming Doyle is the collaborator of Riley Rossmo.
Ming Doyle is the collaborator of Riley Rossmo.
Ming Doyle is the publication date of June 2015.
John Constantine associates Garth Ennis.
John Constantine associates Peter Milligan.
John Constantine incorporates Punk.
John Constantine is the fought against of Great Britain.
John Constantine associates Falklands War.
John Constantine is the incorporated theme of Thatcher'S Regime.
Hellblazer receives Robert Tutton.
Hellblazer is the illustrator of Jamie Delano.
Hellblazer acknowledges Helen Braithwaite.
John Constantine associates Kit Ryan.
Hellblazer publishs Vertigo.
John Constantine is the illustrator of Joan Delano.
Jamie Delano is the portrayal of John Constantine.
Helen Braithwaite is the portrayal of John Constantine.
J. Hale Fialkov comments John Constantine.
Ian Rankin comments John Constantine.
Leah Moore comments John Constantine.
Guillermo Del Toro is the film featuring of John Constantine.
David Goyer is the series development of John Constantine.
Daniel Cerone is the series development of John Constantine.
Matt Ryan is the portrayal of John Constantine.
Guillermo Del Toro is the film featuring of Zatanna.
Guillermo Del Toro is the film featuring of Swamp Creature.