British Eighth Army is the campaign location of Moro River.
Lxxvi Panzer Corps is the campaign participants of German 10Th Army.
General Sir Frederick Alexander is the leadership of 15Th Army Group.
General Sir Frederick Alexander is the campaign objective of German Winter Line.
General Sir Frederick Alexander is the advance destination of Pescara.
General Sir Frederick Alexander is the ultimate destination of Rome.
British Eighth Army is the engagement of German Winter Line.
British Eighth Army is the defensive position of Orsogna.
British Eighth Army is the defensive position of Gully.
British Eighth Army is the logistical difficulty of Trigno River.
V Corps is the engagement of Sangro River.
V Corps is the engagement of German Winter Line.
V Corps is the engagement of Orsogna.
V Corps is the support of 65Th Infantry Division.
V Corps is the support of 26Th Panzer Division.
British 78Th Infantry Division is the support of V Corps.
8Th Indian Infantry Division is the support of V Corps.
2Nd New Zealand Division is the support of V Corps.
Xii Corps is the support of V Corps.
1St Canadian Infantry Division is the support of V Corps.
65Th Infantry Division is the commander of Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer.
65Th Infantry Division is the supports of 1St Parachute.
65Th Infantry Division is the supports of 5Th Mountain Division.
5Th Mountain Division is the commander of Brigadier General Julius Ringel.
26Th Panzer Division is the commander of Brigadier General Hellmuth Pfeifer.
26Th Panzer Division is the supports of 1St Parachute.
26Th Panzer Division is the supports of 5Th Mountain Division.
26Th Panzer Division is the commander of Brigadier General Smilo Freiherr Von Luttwitz.
Xii Corps is the supports of 65Th Infantry Division.
Canadian Forces is the secures of Large Bridge.
200Th Panzergrenadier Regiment is the defends of Villarogatti.
Villarogatti is the encounters of 361St Panzergrenadier Regiment.
Villarogatti is the encounters of Ppclis.
Leonardo takes Seaforth Companies.
Leonardo moves Villarogatti.
Seaforth Companies moves San Leonardo.
Canadian Infantry Companies stations Villarogatti.
Canadian Infantry Companies moves San Leonardo.
German Panzergrenadier Regiment attacks San Leonardo.
26Th Panzer Regiment attacks San Leonardo.
26Th Panzer Regiment reinforces San Leonardo.
Hastings And Prince Edward Regiment attacks San Leonardo.
Prince Philippe'S Canadian Infantry attacks San Leonardo.
48Th Canadian resumes San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment breaks San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment fights San Donato.
Sterlen Castle breaks San Leonardo.
Princess Patricia S Canadian Light Infantry seizes San Leonardo.
Calgary Regiment transports San Leonardo.
New Zealand attacks Orsogna.
Traugott Herr persuades New Zealand.
Calgary Regiment transports San Leonardo.
24Th Infantry Battalion discourages 52Nd Defenders.
48Th Highlanders expands San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the fierce battle of San Donato.
14Th Armoured Regiment transports San Leonardo.
Royal Canadian Regiment slams Orsogna.
New Zealand rushs San Leonardo.
New Zealand is the withdrawal of San Leonardo.
New Zealand retreats San Leonardo.
90Th Panzergrenadier Division relieves 1St Parachute Division.
Captain Paul Triquet pushs Casa Berardi.
Captain Paul Triquet captures Casa Berardi.
Captain Paul Triquet supports Ontario Regiment.
Captain Paul Triquet remains Casa Berardi.
Princess Pamelia'S Canadian Light Infantry engages Casa Berardi.
90Th Panzergrenadier Division relieves 1St Parachute Division.
Regiment is the support of Princess Pamelia’S Canadian Light Infantry.
Regiment is the relief of 1St Parachute Division.
90Th Panzergrenadier Division is the relief of 1St Parachute Division.
90Th Panzergrenadier Division is the commander of Lieutenant General Miles Dempsey.
21St Brigade is the attack of 1St Battalion Royal Fusiliers.
21St Brigade is the attack of 17Th Infantry Brigade.
21St Brigade is the attack of Clicari.
1St Battalion 12Th Frontier Force Regiment is the attack of Crecchio.
6Th Parachute Regiment is the support of 26Th Panzer Division.
5Th Brigade Of The Indian Division is the attack of 1St Battalion Duke Of Grenadier.
20Th Regiment is the attack of Orsogna.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the defense of Casa Berardi.
Royal Canadian Horse Artillery is the support of Royal Canadian Regiment.
Royal Canadian Regiment is the defense of Casa Berardi.
Royal Canadian Horse Artillery is the support of Casa Berardi.
Two Rivers Regiment is the support of Casa Berardi.