Proteins composes Amino Acids.
Proteins is the necessary for synthesis of Enzymes.
Proteins composes Polypeptide.
Proteins composes Peptides.
Proteins composes Oligopeptides.
Proteins is the contains of Proline.
Proteins is the contains of Peptide Bond.
Proteins is the contains of Polypeptide Chain.
Proteins is the contains of Amino Acids.
Dna is the encodes of Mrna.
Rna Polymerase is the transcribes of Mrna.
Mrna is the translates of Ribosome.
Mrna uses Proteins.
Mrna is the decomposition of Mature Mrna.
Mature Mrna is the template for of Ribosome.
Gene is the translation into of Mrna.
Dna is the encoding of of Gene.
Fluorescent Probes is the attachment to of Atoms.
Atoms is the attachment of of Amino Acids.
Amino Acids is the presence of of Sulfur.
Laboratory is the location of of Cell Biology.
Chemistry is the application in of Cell Biology.
Protein folds Native Conformation.
Protein is the requirement for binding of Macro-Synthetic Chaperones.
Protein is the formation of of Helix.
Protein is the composition of of Globular Proteins.
Globular Proteins is the classification as of Enzymes.
Fibrous Proteins is the component of of Collagen.
Fibrous Proteins is the component of of Keratin.
Nmr Spectroscopy is the calculation of distances by of Atoms.
Atom is the determines of Conformation.
Protein is the determines of Conformation.
Protein is the isa of Enzyme.
Protein is the isa of Collagen.
Protein is the isa of Keratin.
Protein is the isa of Insulin.
Protein is the discriminatesfrom of Valine.
Valine is the discriminatesfrom of Isoleucine.
Protein is the isa of Dna.
Protein is the isa of Rna.
Protein is the isa of Escherichia Coli.
Proteins is the interacts with of Enzymes.
Proteins is the interacts with of Antibodies.
Proteins is the interacts with of Lectins.
Antibodies is the transports of Haemoglobin.
Antibodies is the transports of Lectins.
Antibodies is the transports of Hepatic Peptides.
Sonicated Proteins is the studies of Enzymes.
Sonicated Proteins is the studies of Proteins.
Sonicated Proteins is the studies of Haemoglobin.
Sonicated Proteins is the studies of Lectins.
Sonicated Proteins is the studies of Hepatic Peptides.
Insulin is the transmits of Proteins.
Sonicated Proteins is the study of Cell Membrane.
Cell Membrane is the release contents of Crude Lysate.
Crude Lysate is the purification of Ultracentrifugation.
Ultracentrifugation is the separation of Soluble Proteins.
Ultracentrifugation is the separation of Membrane Lipids.
Ultracentrifugation is the separation of Organelles.
Ultracentrifugation is the separation of Nucleic Acids.
Fusion Protein is the induce fusion of Green Fluorescent Protein (Gfp).
Fusion Protein is the add marker of Marker.
Marker is the bind of Fusion Protein.
Antibodies is the localization of Proteome.
Antibodies is the comparison of Proteome.
Antibodies is the localization of Proteome.
Proteome is the contains of Protein.
Proteome is the study of of Gene.
Protein is the source of of Amino Acids.
Protein uses Model.
Protein is the prediction of of Protein Disorder.
Protein is the prediction of of Eucaryota.
Protein is the prediction of of Intermolecular Interactions.
Protein is the prediction of of Protein-Protein Interaction.
Protein involves Acid.
Protein involves Hydrolysis.
Protein involves Proteases.
Protein is the formation of of Emulsion.
Protein is the important for of Fuel.
Protein is the development of of Muscle Proteins.
Mulder is the digests of Proteins.
Mulder is the examines of Acid.
Mulder is the examines of Hydrolysis.
Mulder is the examines of Proteases.
Proteins is the contains of Body Fat.
Body Fat is the contains of Muscles.
Franz Hofmeister introduces Proteins.
Hermann Emil Fischer introduces Proteins.
James B. Sumner shows Proteins.
Linus Pauling predicts Proteins.
William Astbury proposes Proteins.
Walter Kauzmann contributes Proteins.
Kaj Linderstrm. Lang contributes Proteins.
Frederick Sanger sequences Proteins.
Max Perutz solves Proteins.
John Cowderykendrew solves Proteins.