Church Reading is the creator of Rogier Van Der Weyden.
Church Reading is the location of National Gallery London.
Church Reading is the depicts of Mary Magdalene.
Rogier Van Der Weyden is the location of Europe.
Madame is the depicts of St. Barbara.
Saint Barbara is the resembles of Saint Brother Barbara.
Saint Barbara is the resembles of Virgin.
Saint Margaret is the resembles of Saint Brother Barbara.
Saint Margaret is the resembles of Virgin.
Netherland Style associates Campbell.
Netherland Style associates Dutch Portraits.
Saint Catherine believes Campbell.
Saint Catherine is the part of the same original work as of London Panel.
Virgin Mary is the part of the same original work as of London Panel.
London Panel is the not created by of Van Der Weyden.
London Panel is the not accepted by of Martin Davies.
London Panel is the not accepted by of John Ward.
Magdalen believes Van Der Weyden.
Magdalen is the part of the same original work as of Saint Catherine.
Tintoretto depicts Magdalen.
Titian depicts Magdalen.
Mosche Barasch explains Van Der Weyden.
Middle Ages is the main form of of Reading.
Middle Ages is the main form of of Devotion.
Middle Ages associates Withdrawal From The Public Eye.
Middle Ages reflects Increasing Literacy.
Van Der Weyden is the depicts of Magdalen.
Magdalen reflects Increasing Literacy.
Domestic Or Laywomen reflects Increasing Literacy.
Increased Production Of Devotional Texts is the indicates of Noble Women.
Noble Women is the reads of Psalter.
Noble Women is the reads of Book Of Hours.
Noble Women is the reads in of Privacy Of Their Own Homes.
Renaissance Artists adds Tears.
Blood is the comparison of Cat.
Gesture Of Obscuring Or Concealing The Eyes is the becomes of Pictorial Formula For Crying.
Iconoclastic Icon represents Christ.
Christ represents Word.
Christ is the symbolizes of Repentance.
Magdalen represents Prophetess.
Magdalen represents Seer.
Magdalen lives Hermit.
Hermit resides Sainte-Busche.
Hermit represents Later Years Of Contemplation And Repentance.
Breast Of Blood is the comparison of Jar.
Jar uses Chrism And Unction.
Chrism And Unction uses Spikenard.
Tomb performs Anointing Of The Chrism And Unction.
Hair uses Anointing Of The Chrism And Unction.
Romans interprets Symbol.
National Gallery owns Altarpiece.
National Gallery acquires Robert Campin.
Robert Campin haves Influence.
Cleaned performs Hand.
Hand associates Magdalen.
Magdalen is the unclear attribution of of Attribution.
Sale Of The Estate Of Cassino is the previous owner was of Collector Of Haarlem.
Collector Of Haarlem sells Edmond Beaucousin.
Edmond Beaucousin acquires Charles Lock-Off.
Charles Lock-Off is the location of collection of London.
London is the location of institution of National Gallery.
National Gallery owns Panel.
National Gallery acquires Simon Marmion.
Panel locates Floor.
Floor paints Plain Brown.
Plain Brown overpainteds Mahogany Panel.
Mahogany Panel makes West Indian Swietenia.
Mahogany Panel crafts Craftsmen.
Craftsmen uses Guipure.
Guipure discovers Ultramarine Paint.
Stockholm Drawing finds German Inventory.
German Inventory originates Sweden.
Sweden bequeaths Christian Langaad.
Christian Langaad donates Swedish National Museum.