Guitar Hero Series publishs Redoctane.
Guitar Hero Series publishs Harmonix.
Guitar Hero Series distributes Activision.
Harmonix acquires Activision.
Redoctane acquires Activision.
Harmonix develops Neversoft.
Activision is the developer of Neversoft.
Activision is the developer of Vicarious Visions.
Activision acquires Budcat Creations.
Activision acquires Redoctane.
Activision acquires Harmonix.
Activision acquires Mtv.
Activision is the developer of Freestyle Games.
Activision is the developer of Hero World.
Activision is the developer of Guitar Hero Live.
Activision is the employee of Eric Hirshberg.
Activision is the employee of Jack Mccauley.
Hero Series releases Guitar Hero Live.
Guitar Hero Live develops Freestyle Games.
Ds develops Nintendo Ds.
Dj Hero 2 is the contains songs of Ds.
Dj Hero 2 launchs Nintendo Ds.
Band Hero is the contains songs of Ds.
Band Hero launchs Nintendo Ds.
Ion collaborates Konami.
Ion is the controversy with of Ascap.
Ion collaborates Neversoft.
Ion collaborates Kai Huang.
Ion collaborates Charles Huang.
Ion collaborates Dave Mustaine.
Player accompanys Adventurer.
Player is the recover of Guitar.
Player is the defeat of Monster.
Player is the collect of Rocks.
Rocks is the resurrect of Guitar.
Expert is the test of Player.
Expert is the mimic of Hands.
Courtney Love petitions Members Of The Band.
Members Of The Band petitions Activision.
Tony Hawk is the avatar creation based on of Player.
Celebrities relates Aerosmith.
Celebrities relates Metallica.
Celebrities relates Van Halen.
Guitar Hero is the alternative of Itunes.
Infusion is the merger of Blok.
Guitar Hero is the influential product of Sony.
Nyko is the collaboration of Sony.
Redoctane is the collaboration of Sony.
Kai Huang is the collaboration of Sony.
Smadame is the collaboration of Sony.
Peng Sui is the collaboration of Sony.
Music Industry influences Lore.
Music Team influences Lore.
Patent is the describes of Technology.
Patent is the describes of Audio.
Patent is the describes of Musical Instrument.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Activision.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Gamestop.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Amazon.Com.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Walmart.Com.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Target.Com.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Toys-R-Us.
Gibson is the legal dispute of Kmart.
Activision is the legal dispute of Pcg.
Harmonix is the supports of Rock Band.
Harmonix is the supports of Rock Band.
Neversoft'S Underground Studios manages Brian Bright.
2008 releases Guitar Hero.
2008 releases Metallica.
2008 releases Band Hero.
2009 mentions Brian Bright.
2009 owns Guitar Hero.
2009 owns Metallica.
2009 owns Band Hero.
2010 plans Iroyal.
2010 owns Activision.
2010 distributes Redoctane.