Tom Lawton represents England.
Tom Lawton bears Farnworth.
Tom Lawton brings Liverpool.
Tom Lawton plays Rossendale United.
Tom Lawton plays Burnley.
Tom Lawton transfers Everton.
Tom Lawton transfers Chelsea.
Tom Lawton becomes Arsenal.
Tom Lawton is the ashes kept in of National Football Museum.
Tom Lawton inducts English Football Hall Of Fame.
Tom Lawton is the surrogate father of of James-M. Riley.
Tom Lawton is the father of of Louis Lawton.
Tom Lawton dislikes Fealter Winterbottom.
Louis Lawton is the nationality of British.
Louis Lawton is the nationality of Irish.
Louis Lawton is the father of Mr. James.
Louis Lawton is the former coach of Tom Bromilow.
Louis Lawton plays Wanderers.
Louis Lawton attacks Spitfire.
Louis Lawton plays Arsenal.
Louis Lawton approachs Liverpool.
Louis Lawton plays Everton.
Louis Lawton plays Burnley.
Louis Lawton plays Doncaster Rovers.
Louis Lawton plays Swansea Town.
Louis Lawton plays Anfield.
Louis Lawton plays Molineux.
Louis Lawton plays Vetch Field.
Louis Lawton plays Turf Moor.
Louis Lawton plays Tranmere Rovers.
Louis Lawton plays Crewe Alexandra.
Louis Lawton plays Leicester City.
Louis Lawton plays Greenock Morton.
Louis Lawton plays Chester City.
Louis Lawton plays Aldershot.
Dumont makes Leicester.
Dumont makes Greenock.
Dumont makes Morton.
Dumont makes Chester City.
Dumont makes Aldershot.
Dumont makes Tranmere Rovers.
Fa dos Dumont.
Dumont is the goals did not count of England.
Tranmere Rovers plays Everton.
Tranmere Rovers plays Anfield.
Tranmere Rovers plays Crewe Alexandra.
Dumont sells London.
Dumont scores Bristol Rovers.
Dumont scores Meadow Lane.
Dumont is the partnership with of Jackie Sewell.
Dumont appoints Eric Houghton.
Eric Houghton is the assistant manager of Jimmy Bain.
Jackie Gibbons is the assistant manager of Jimmy Bain.
Dumont transfers Arsenal.
Dumont plays Blackpool.
Dumont transfers James Robertson.
Dumont signs Frank Broome.
Dumont signs Mcpherson.
Lawton transfers Arsenal.
Lawton transfers James Robertson.
Jackie Gibbons is the manager of Arsenal.
Jackie Gibbons replaces Jimmy Bain.
Lawton appoints Jimmy Bain.
Lawton transfers John Robson.
Lawton plays Blackpool.
Lawton signs Frank Broome.
Lawton signs Mcpherson.
Lawton plays Blackpool.
Lawton is the scored goal in of Blackpool.
Lawton plays Walter Winterbottom.
Lawton mentions Stanley Matthews.
Lawton plays Denmark.
Stanley Matthews is the teacher of Walter.
Jackie Milburn is the preference of Lawton.
Lawton is the draw of Denmark.
Lawton is the apprentice of Jeff Astle.
Lawton is the apprentice of Tony Hateley.
Tommy Lawton is the contributor of Nottingham Post.