Player haves Room.
Player is the collects of Item.
Player is the creates of Moving Screen.
Player is the creates of Communication Device.
Player is the asks for help of Coco Bandicoot.
Player is the distracts of Coco Bandicoot.
Player is the interferes with of Prince.
Player is the interferes with of Viscount.
Prince is the finds of Map.
Prince is the discovers of Ancient City.
Prince is the seeks of Crystal.
Prince is the seeks of Stone Tablet.
Prince is the invites of Coco Bandicoot.
Prince is the participates in of World Cannonball Race.
Prince is the plans to build of Hotel.
Prince is the plans to build of Tasmania.
Coco Bandicoot is the participates in of World Championship Cannonball.
Viscount is the enters of Tower Of Power.
Viscount makes Wumpa Tree.
Coco is the uttered phrase of Earth.
Coco is the uttered phrase of Great Heavenly Light.
Viscount enters Tower Of Power.
Viscount is the uttered wish of Great Heavenly Light.
Production Team is the decision to create of Mobile Version Of Crash-Bang-Bang!.
Production Team desires Mobile Version Of Crash-Bang-Bang!.
Project Team is the decision to make bigger of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Project Team is the target audience of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Project Team is the variety of play-types of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Ministers is the decision to make bigger of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Ministers is the target audience of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Ministers is the variety of play-types of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Great Sages enters Tower Of Power.
Great Sages is the uttered wish of Great Tree Of Heaven.
Great Vltz enters Tower Of Power.
Great Vltz is the uttered wish of Great Tree Of Heaven.
Great Vrty enters Tower Of Power.
Great Vrty is the uttered wish of Great Tree Of Heaven.
Great Vltdrvade enters Tower Of Power.
Great Vltdrvade is the uttered wish of Great Tree Of Heaven.
Nintendo'S Official Magazine is the review of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Nintendo'S Official Magazine is the criticism of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Pocket Gamer is the review of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Pocket Gamer is the praise of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Jon Jordan is the review of Mobile Version Of The Game.
Jon Jordan is the praise of Mobile Version Of The Game.