Jordan affiliates National Basketball Association.
Jordan plays Chicago Bulls.
Jordan plays Washington Wizards.
Jordan plays University Of North Carolina.
Jordan plays Dean Smith.
Jordan inducts Basketball Hall Of Fame.
Jordan plays Dream Team.
Jordan is the member of of Fba Hall Of Fame.
Jordan bears Brooklyn.
Jordan is the family of Deloris.
Jordan is the family of James R..
Jordan acts Air.
Jordan is the inductee of Basketball Hall Of Fame.
Jordan is the inductee of 1992 National Team.
Jordan involves A Star Is Born.
Jordan wins Atlanta Cavaliers.
Jordan loses Detroit Pistons.
Detroit Pistons leads Isiah Thomas.
Detroit Pistons leads Bad Boys.
Jordan guides Phil Jackson.
Jordan is the teammate of Scottie Pippen.
Jordan is the teammate of Horace Grant.
Jordan meets Magic Johnson.
Jordan meets James Worthy.
Jordan defeats Pistons.
Jordan defeats Bulls.
Jordan assists John Paxson.
Jordan assists Hérer Grant.
Daniel Green involves Jordan.
Larry Martin involves Jordan.
Jordan kills Daniel Green.
Jordan kills Larry Martin.
Knicks is the player of Jordan.
Jordan is the player of Knicks.
Knicks is the winner of Golden State Warriors.
Jordan is the player of Pacers.
Phil Jackson is the coach of Jordan.
Jordan loses Karem Abdul Jabbar.
Jordan is the record broken by of Kobe Bryant.
Jordan is the shareholder of Robert L. Johnson.
Jordan is the interested in of Charlotte.
Jordan is the ownership seeking of Charlotte.
Jordan is the control requested of George Shinn.
Jordan drafts Kwame Brown.
Jordan drafts Adam Morrison.
Michael Jordan drafts Kwame Brown.
Michael Jordan drafts Adam Morrison.
Larry Bird praises Michael Jordan.
Michael Jordan shares Gary Payton.
Michael Jordan shares Kevin Garnett.
Michael Jordan shares Kobe Bryant.
Michael Jordan scores Boston Celtics.
Michael Jordan calls Fan.
Michael Jordan features Sports Magazine.
Michael Jordan crowns Sport Publication.
Michael Jordan influences Next-Gen Players.
Michael Jordan is the role model of Young Athletes.
Jordan is the married of Maria Von Prussianna.
Jordan haves Jesus Christ.
Jordan haves Marcus Christ.
Jordan haves Jasmine.
Jordan captures Stephan Savoia.
Jordan haves Victoria.
Jordan haves Ysabel.
Jordan is the endorsement deal of Nike.
Jordan is the agent of David Falk.