Roman Land Forces is the part of of Romania.
Roman Land Forces participates World War I.
Roman Land Forces collaborates Russian Empire.
Roman Land Forces is the fought against of Central Powers.
Roman Land Forces is the won of Marasti.
Roman Land Forces is the won of Martasesti.
Roman Land Forces supports Axis Powers.
Roman Land Forces opposes Soviet Union.
Roman Land Forces is the fought in of Eastern Front.
Germany signs Treaty Of Verailles.
Germany is the decision of Article 259 Of The Treaty Of Bérubare.
Hungarians conquers Budapest.
November 10, 1918 conquers Hungarians.
Germany is the withdraw benefits of Article 259 Of The Treaty Of Bérubare.
Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army subordinates 6Th And 7Th Army Corps.
General Nicopolis Petal commands Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army.
Danila Pop Hanzu Alexander commands Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army.
John Prodan commands Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army.
Motas Dumitru Gheorghe Florescu commands Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army.
Christie Doe commands Transylvania Inspectorate General Of Army.
Octavia Goga writes Christie Doe.
King Michael Ii deposes Marshal Antonescu.
King Michael Ii institutes Pro-Soviet Government.
Red Army enters Eastern Romania.
Red Army appoints Eastern Romania.
Red Army attacks Germany.
Colonel Nicolae Cambrea commands Tudor Vladimirovski'S First Volunteer Division.
General Mihail Lascar commands Horia, Clasca Si Crisan Division.
Tudor Vladimirovski is the commander of Colonel Nicolae Cambrea.
General Michael Lascar disbands 59Th Brigade.
59Th Brigade disbands Oradea.
1St Army consists 1St Mech Div.
1St Army consists 57Th Tank Div.
1St Army consists 1St Mountain Brigade.
1St Army consists 5Th Mountain Brigade.
1St Army consists 37Th Tactical Missile Brigade.
1St Army provides Artillery.
1St Army provides Samurai.
1St Army provides Air Defense.
1St Army consists Combat Units.
1St Army consists Combat Teams.
1St Army consists Logistics Brigades.
Romania haves Military.
Military equips Missiles.
Military equips Armoured Vehicles.
Military composes 2Nd Infantry Division.
Military composes 4Th Infantry Division.
Military composes 1St Special Operations Battalion.
1St Special Operations Battalion is the part of of Vulturii.
Military composes 313Th Reconnaissance Battalion.
Military composes 317Th Reconnaissance Battalion.
Military composes 528Th Reconnaissance Battalion.
Military is the head of of Nicolae Ciuca.
Nicolae Ciuca succeeds Mircea Savu.
Military haves Ion Antonescu.
Military haves Alexandru Averescu.
Military haves Constantin Prezan.