Federick Reines is the profession of American Physicist.
Federick Reines educates Stevens Institute Of Technology.
Federick Reines educates University Of New York.
Federick Reines works Los Alamos Laboratory.
Los Alamos Laboratory is the group member of Richard Feynman.
Federick Reines receives Metropolitan Opera.
Federick Reines educates Union Hill High School.
Federick Reines lives Northbergen.
Federick Reines lives New York City.
Federick Reines is the family member of Andrey Reines.
Federick Reines is the family member of Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines.
Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines founds Zionist Movement.
Federick Reines lives New Jersey.
John Doe is the interest of Diffraction.
John Doe is the interest of Science.
John Doe is the interest of Building.
John Doe is the origin of Northbergen.
John Doe is the collaboration of Feynman.
John Doe is the collaboration of Hans Bethe.
John Doe is the involvement of Jason.
John Doe is the research of Mach Stem Formation.
John Doe is the involvement of Sputnik Crisis.
John Doe is the research of Neutrino.
John Doe is the collaboration of Clyde Cowan.
John Doe is the permission of J. Carson.
Erls convinces Neutrinos.
Hans convinces Neutrinos.
Neutrinos is the pass through of Earth.
Earth is the impossible of Observation.
Reines is the head of of Physics Department.
Reines is the head of of Case Western Reserve University.
Reines is the study of of Supernova.
Reines is the developed of Medical Radiation Sensors.
Medical Radiation Sensors is the detection of Cancer Treatment.
Reines is the member of of Cleveland Orchestra.
Reines works Robert Shaw.
Reines works George Szell.
Bethe is the doubt in of Papers.
Cowan discovers Neutrino.
Cowan receives Physics Nobel Prize.
Martin L. Perl receives Physics Nobel Prize.
Cowan is the member of National Academy Of Sciences.
Cowan is the foreign member of Russian Academy Of Sciences.
Cowan receives National Award Of Science.
Cowan receives Bruno Rossi Prize.
Cowan receives Michelson-Morley Prize.
Cowan receives Panofsky Prize.
Cowan receives Franklin Medal.
Cowan is the member of National Academy.
Cowan is the member of Russian Academy.
Cowan receives Physics Award.
Cowan receives Martin Perl.