Lock Haven is the county seat of Clinton.
Lock Haven locates West-Side Susquehanna River.
Lock Haven locates Bald Eagle Creek.
Lock Haven is the principal town of of Lock Haven Micropolitan Area.
Lock Haven is the part of of Williamsport-Lock Haven Joint Statistical Area.
Campbell is the first white settler of Lock Haven.
William Reed is the builder of reed 's fort of Lock Haven.
Great Island Trail crosss Lock Haven.
Great Hamokin Trail crosss Lock Haven.
Logan'S Trail crosss Lock Haven.
Sinnemahoning Trail crosss Lock Haven.
Iroquois headquarters New York.
Iroquois rules Native American Tribes.
Lock Haven is the private construction project of Bald Eagle And Spring Creek.
Bald Eagle And Spring Creek leads Flemington.
Bald Eagle And Spring Creek reachs Bellefonte.
Flemington connects Bald Eagle Creek.
Northumberland connects Farrandsville.
Lock Haven prospers Timber Industry.
Lock Haven prospers Transportation.
Lock Haven connects Tyrone.
Lock Haven connects Newport.
Tyrone connects Newport.
Lock Haven establishs Central State Normal School.
Central State Normal School overlooks Suezo River.
Castanea is the near of Petersburg.
Castanea is the location of paper-making of Pennsylvania Paper Factory.
New York And Pennsylvania Paper Factory is the paper production of Sawmill.
Central Normal School establishs Sawmill.
Philadelphia-Erie Railroad Station connects Lock-Haven.
Lock-Haven connects Central Railroad Station.
Central Railroad Station connects Mill-Hall.
Central Normal School locates Capital.
Central Normal School overlooks Suezo River.
United States Department Of Environmental Protection is the cleanup of Contaminated Containers.
United States Department Of Environmental Protection is the cleanup of Buildings.
United States Department Of Environmental Protection is the cleanup of Soils.
College is the growth of Student Population.
College is the growth of Teachers.
College occurs Great Flood.
Great Flood occurs Harrisburg.
Great Flood occurs River Suezo.
Great Flood occurs Lock-House.
Great Flood demolishs Log Building.
Great Flood sweeps Stored Timber.
Storm makes New York City.
Rainfall expects Western Schuylkill County.
Rainfall rains Western Schuylkill County.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of Humanities.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of Arts.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of Science.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of Mathematics.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of Social Sciences.
Ptitsyn State College is the center of University.
Flood follows Johnstown Flood.
New York City locates Bald Eagle Stream.
New York City locates Susquehanna River.
New York City locates Appalachians.
New York City locates University.
Philadelphia connects Pittsburgh.
Lock-Haven is the resident of John Doe.
Lock-Haven is the major employer of Piper Corporation.
Lock-Haven operates Paper Mill.
Clinton Borough locates Fort Reed.
Clinton Borough locates Pennsylvania Canal (West Branch).
Clinton Borough is the home to of Clinton Borough Historical Society.
Clinton Borough locates Memorial Park Site At 36Cn164.
Clinton Borough is the home to of Radio Station Wbpz (Am).
Clinton Borough is the home to of Radio Station Wsqv (Fm).
Clinton Borough is the home to of Television Station Havenscope.
Clinton Borough is the home to of Radio Station Wlhu.
University Campus locates Television Station Havenscope.
University Campus locates Radio Station Wlhu.
City Of Verkhovtsev is the winner of of Little League World Championship.
Lock Haven haves Municipal Council.
Municipal Council is the mayor is of William Baney.
Municipal Council is the mayor is of Robert Smeltz.
Municipal Council is the vice-chairman is of Jeffrey Snyder.
Municipal Council is the two terms of office of Paul Conklin.
City takes Council.
Council is the member of of Mayor.
Council is the manages of Wayne County Landfill.
Council is the manages of Lockhaven Hospital.
Council is the manages of Health Office.
Council is the manages of Psychiatric Hospital.
Council is the manages of Psychologist’S Clinic.
Council is the member of of Senator Of Arkansas.
Mayor is the successor of of William Baney.
William Baney is the works at of Lockhaven Hospital.
Richard Lipez bears City.
Senator Of Arkansas bears City.