Songdom locates Song Dynasty.
Song Dynasty characterizes Buddha Pagodas.
Song Dynasty characterizes Stone Bridges.
Song Dynasty characterizes Tombs.
Song Dynasty characterizes Palaces.
Song Dynasty associates Architects.
Song Dynasty associates Master Craftsman.
Song Dynasty associates Carpenters.
Song Dynasty associates Structural Engineers.
Song Dynasty characterizes Architectural Design.
Song Dynasty inspires Literary Works.
Song Dynasty develops Writing.
Song Dynasty explains Dimensions.
Song Dynasty explains Work Processes.
Song Dynasty evolves Professional Form.
Song Dynasty is the not as prestigious as of Prestige.
Song Dynasty is the not as prestigious as of Confucian Scholar.
Song Dynasty is the not as prestigious as of Emperors.
Song Dynasty serves Court Officials.
Song Dynasty serves Architects.
Song Dynasty builds Royal Antechamber.
Ancient Bianjing City locates Song Dynasty.
Ancient Bianjing City builds Inner City.
Ancient Bianjing City constructs Gatehouses.
Ancient Bianjing City surrounds City Walls.
Ancient Bianjing City includes Center Pavilion.
Ancient Bianjing City depicts Phoenix.
Ancient Bianjing City depicts Dragon.
Ancient Bianjing City depicts Cloud.
Ancient Bianjing City includes Carved Beams.
Ancient Bianjing City includes Painted Beams.
Ancient Bianjing City includes Glazed Roof.
Ancient Bianjing City associates Imperial Bridge.
Ancient Bianjing City introduces Stupa.
Ancient Bianjing City protects Sutras.
Ancient Bianjing City constructs Buddhist Towers.
Ancient Bianjing City builds Chinese Pagodas.
Giant Wild Goose Pagoda is the built of Song Dynasty.
Iron Pagoda is the built of Youguo Temple.
Youguo Temple builds Yu-Ch’Ao.
Buddhists declines Song Dynasty.
Temple Of Huaguan is the builder of Emperors Of The Chin Dynasty.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Rampart.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Wooden Roof.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Dougong Wall.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Four Buildings.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Brick.
Temple Of Huaguan is the component of Statues And Monuments.
Temple Of Huaguan locates Jinze.
Temple Of Huaguan associates Lotus Buddhism.
Virgin Mother locates Hall Of Sacrifice.
Virgin Mother locates Shanxi Province.
Virgin Mother locates Nanxiang.
Rock-Relief House associates Virgin Mother.
Archbishop'S Family is the builder of Rock-Relief House.
Stone Block Pyramid locates Stele.
Melody Of Pan Tang associates Stone Block Pyramid.
Zhang Zhongyan Bridge locates Stone Block Pyramid.
Half Bridge connects Yingxing Bridge.
Pan Tang is the largest pyramid in the world of Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao.
Pan Tang Inscription carves Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao.
Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao carves Pan Tang.
Yellow Emperor'S Son Shaohao carves Pan Tang Inscription.
Zhang Zhongyan builds Monument.
Chang Jung builds Monument.
Cai Xing is the ran school of civil engineering of Monument.
Tang Empire is the location of Western Xia.
Western Xia is the adjacent to of Auxiliary Cemetery.
Temple haves Inscription.
Pyramidal Tombs guards Guards.
Pyramidal Tombs locates Bronze Statues.
Bronze Statues depicts Tigers.
Bronze Statues depicts Rams.
Bronze Statues depicts Lions.
Bronze Statues depicts Horses With Horns.
Bronze Statues depicts Mythical Animals.
Bronze Statues is the borne by of Officials.
Bronze Statues is the borne by of Military Commanders.
Bronze Statues is the borne by of Foreign Ambassadors.
Bronze Statues performs Dances.
Statuary links Invasion Of Northern China.
Architecture associates Liu Ruogui.
Yili Shigong writes Liu Ruogui.
Shen Kuo writes Yu Hao.
Jia Xiaodong is the author of of Yawuang.
Jia Xiaodong gives Emperor Zhezong.
Emperor Zhezong is the successor of of Emperor Huizong.
Yawuang is the standardized procedures for of Moats.
Yawuang is the standardized procedures for of Fortifications.
Yawuang is the standardized procedures for of Stone And Woodwork.
Yawuang is the standardized procedures for of Columns And Beams.
Yawuang describes Paints.
Yawuang describes Glazes.
Yawuang describes Coatings.
Yawuang describes Mortars.
Mortars uses Masonry.
Mortars uses Brickwork.
Mortars uses Tiles.
Tiles describes Characteristics.
Tiles describes Patterns.