 (c. 1155 – 1234) was a medieval bishop of hereford... related somehow to his predecessor in hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the Church, and an unsuccessful candidate for the post of bishop of St David’s in wales.... He was a medieval bishop of Hereford, related somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... (c. 1155 – 1234) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the Church, and he was unsuccessful for the post of bishop of St. David’s in wales... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford. He took up most of his ecclesiastical and administrative duties, but he occasionally took up the role of royal administrator. (c. 1155 – 124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... connected somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... he was a priest and judge of the Church, and he was an unsuccessful candidate for the post of bishop of St. David’s in wales... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford. He took on most of his church and administrative duties, but also he occasionally took on the role of royal administrator. He was a medieval bishop of Hereford, linked somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... maybe he was born between 1150 and 1160, hugh was related to robert foliot, his predecessor at Hereford. He was a medieval bishop of Hereford, related somehow to his predecessor in Hereford.... Perhaps he was born between 1150 and 1160, hugh was related to Robert Foliot, his predecessor in Hereford. (c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and was unsuccessful for the bishop of St. David in wales... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford. He took on most of his church and administrative duties, but also occasionally took on the role of royal administrator. He was a medieval bishop of Hereford, connected somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... (c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was an unsuccessful candidate for the bishop of St. David in wales. From 1212 to 1219 he served as a papal judge... c. 1155 - 124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and judge of the church and he was unsuccessful in the bishop of St. David's... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford. He took on most of his church and administrative duties, but occasionally took on the role of royal administrator. In 1215 he was also a candidate of King John's for the see of St. David's in wales, but was not elected. he was a medieval bishop of Hereford, related somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... (c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was unsuccessful for the bishop of St. David's in wales... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford... (c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was an unsuccessful candidate for the bishop of St. David's in wales... from 1212 to 1219 he served as a papal judge... He was a medieval bishop of Hereford, connected somehow to his predecessor in Hereford... c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was unsuccessful in the bishop of St. David in wales... c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was unsuccessful in the bishop of St. David in wales... c. 1155-124) was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was unsuccessful in the bishop of St. David in wales... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford.  - Bishop desroches, st. james in the church, and it is known that foliot accompanied him, because desroches went to spain to the shrine of St. James at compostela, and it is known that foliot accompanied him, the report of a medieval chronicler from dunstable that foliot was not sure of his destination, Rome or compostela, was of no particular significance.  - Bishop. - c. 1155 - 124) - was a medieval bishop of Hereford... he was a priest and a judge of the church, and he was an unsuccessful candidate for bishop of St. David... in 1219 he was appointed bishop of Hereford. He took most of his church and administrative duties, but he also occasionally took on the role of royal administrator. The censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely attending court or appointed to a certain office. On October 30, 1223, foliot took on one of these posts when he took possession of the castle of Hereford after it had been surrendered by hubert de burgh, during the redistribution of royal castles when de burgh was delegated desroches... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or appointed to some position. On October 30, 1223, Folot was appointed to one of these posts, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was given desroches... he was appointed to determine the size of the royal forest in gloucestershire... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or appointed to some office. On October 30, 1223 Folot was appointed to one of these offices, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was delegated desroches... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or appointed to some office. On October 30, 1223, Folot was appointed to one of these posts, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was given desroches... he was appointed to determine the size of the royal forest in gloucestershire... On October 30, 1223, Folot was appointed to one of these posts, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh, during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was given desroches... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or in some post. The censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or in some post. On October 30, 1223, Folot was appointed to one of these posts, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was given desroches... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or in some post. On October 30, 1223 Folot was appointed to one of these posts, having taken possession of the castle of Hereford, having surrendered it to Hubert de Burgh during the redistribution of royal castles, when de Burgh was given desroches... This censer spent the rest of his career in the diocese, rarely appearing before the court or in some position.