 “Taming Patty,” “a female ff-cw and cw--cw--boe-ing-boe-cw - whereupon py-claw-cake (sub-gay-go-go--poe-poe-cw), was born in the central park of New York City in October, 1972, and later in March, 2013. ph-ch-pa-poe-boe-boe-boe-boe-a- bo-r-ff-cw, and cw-cw-boe-boe-boe-boe-boe-a-boe-boe-boe-a-boe-a-cw and  he was able to decide whether the mother would give it back or she would be taken away by the guards. The first gorilla to be born in captivity in New York was the pattycake. It was not known at the time of her birth if she was male or female, because it was considered too dangerous to come near her and her parents... The first gorilla born in New York City was a pattycake. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, as it was considered too dangerous to come close to her and her parents. When it was discovered that pattycake was a woman, a contest was held at the Daily News to find out her name... " Patience," was the winner. He was able to decide whether his mother would return it to him or she would be taken away by the police. When it was discovered that the baby was a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. “Patience,” was the winner. The first gorilla to be born in New York was the little patty. It was not known at the time of her birth if it was a man or a woman, for it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and her parents. When the news of the birth of the little patty was announced, it was decided that the mother should give it back or she would be taken away by the guards. The first gorilla to be born in New York was the little patty. The first gorilla to be born in New York City was a pattycake. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, for it was considered too dangerous to come near her and her parents. The first gorilla to be born in New York City was a pattycake. When the news of her birth was announced, the mother had to give it back or it would be taken away by the police. The pattycake was the first baby that had been born in New York City. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When it was discovered that the child was a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. “Patience,” was the winner. The first baby to be born in New York was the pattycake. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When the news of the birth of the little patty was announced, it was decided that the mother should give it back or she would be taken away by the police. - When the mother found out that the baby was a girl, a contest was held to find out the name. - Patience. When the mother found out that the baby was a woman, it was decided that the mother should return it, or the guards would take it away. The first baby born in New York was the pattycake. It was not known at the time of its birth if it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and parents. The first baby was born in New York. The first baby was born in New York, the pattycake. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and parents. When the news of the baby's birth was announced, the mother had to give it back or it would be taken away by the police. The first baby was born in New York, the pattycake. The pattycake was not known at the time of its birth, whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When the pattycake was discovered, a competition was held to find out her name. The first gorilla born in New York was a patty. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to be close to the mother and the parents. When it was discovered that the baby was a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. “Patience” was the winner. The first gorilla born in New York was a patty. It was not known at the time of her birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. The first gorilla born in New York was a patty. The patty was not known at the time of its birth if it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When it was found that the baby was a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. When the patty was discovered, the mother had to give it back or the police would take it away. The first baby was born in New York, a patty. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When the patty was discovered, the parents had to give it back or the guards would take it away. In the zoo, however, no staff were present to see it directly, and some of the visitors reported that when little patty went to his father through the bars of the cage, her right arm was seized and broken. When the guards discovered that the patty was a woman, a contest was held to find out the name. The first baby that was born in New York was a patty. It was not known at the time of its birth if it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and parents. When the baby was discovered to be a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. When the baby was discovered to be a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. The first baby that was born in New York was a patty. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When the baby was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. When the baby was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When the patty was discovered, a contest was held to find out her name. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. The patty was born in New York City, the patty. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and the parents. When it was discovered that the baby was a woman, a contest was held to find out her name. The mother found out that the baby was a woman, and a contest was held to find out her name. The mother discovered that the baby was a woman, and a contest was held to find out her name. The mother found out that the baby was a woman, and a contest was held to find out her name. It was the first gorilla to be born in New York. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. The first gorilla to be born in New York was the patty. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When the baby was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out the name of the baby. When the mother discovered that the baby was a woman, a contest was held to find out the name of the child. The first gorilla to be born in New York was a patty. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When the baby was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out the name of the baby. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When the patty was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out the name. The patty was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come near the mother and the parents. When the patty was found to be a woman, a contest was held to find out the name. The first gorilla was born in New York. The first gorilla was born in New York. The first gorilla was born in New York. The first gorilla was born in New York. The first gorilla was born in New York City, the patty. The first gorilla was born in New York City. It was not known at the time of its birth whether it was a man or a woman, because it was considered too dangerous to come close to the mother and parents. When the mother found out that the girl was , a double cage, a lulu in another, and a thin wall between them. lulu had a pastry in her arms and when a pastry passed through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. This was an accident... no one realized that those bars were narrow enough to catch that tiny arm... pattycake was brought to the university for surgery, and she was cast for her arm... , a double cage, a lulu in another, a thin wall between them. lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry passed through the narrow bars and was pressing against her father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. This was an accident... no one could have imagined that these bars could contain that tiny arm... Then pattycake was brought to the university for surgery and was cast for her arm. During the examination, the staff found that pattycake had intestinal parasites and that she was underfed... , a double cage, a lulu in another, a thin wall between them. lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was put through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. Then she was brought to the university for surgery and cast for her arm... During the examination, the staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and that she was underfed... They also believed that as a result of the incident, lulu was not fit to be a mother. They brought lulu to the university for surgery and she was cast for her arm. In the meantime, the two zoos began a dispute. The bronx zoos argued that lulu was a better mother than the shirley temple. Time said that it was the "tort battle of the decade" in the "primate world", the "pride battle" between the two zoos. On the same day, two rival zoos began to argue. The bronx zoos said that lulu was a better mother than the shirley temple. They said it was the "tort of the year", the "tort of the decade" between the two zoos. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was placed through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, Lulu suddenly pulled her away. Then she was brought to the university for surgery, and she was cast for her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was put through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. She was cast for her arm, in the examination, the staff found that Lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed... It was also thought that the fact that Lulu was not fit to be a mother, they brought Lulu to the university for surgery, and cast her arm. During the examination, the staff found that Lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed... And lulu was brought to the university for surgery, and cast her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry passed through the narrow bars and was pressed against the father, Lulu suddenly pulled her away. I know of no one having thought that those bars could have weighed on that tiny arm. And lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms and when a pastry was placed through the narrow bars and pressed against her father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. She was cast for her arm; the staff drew up a plethora of intestinal parasites and found that she was undernourished. During the examination the staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed; and lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast her arm. Then lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast her arm. In the meantime, two rival zoos began to quarrel; the bronx zoos said that lulu was a better mother than the shirley temple. In the 1970s, animal welfare organizations started to express their concern over the treatment of zoo animals and the conditions of their enclosures at the Central Park Zoo, the oldest zoo in the u.s. During the examination, the staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed... They also thought that because of this event, lulu was not fit to be a mother. So lulu was brought to the university for surgery, and cast for her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was placed through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. Then lulu was brought to the university for surgery, and cast for her arm. The entire incident was recorded by artist Susan Green in her book “Let it rain!” (28 pages) Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was pushed through the narrow bars and pressed against her father, lulu pulled her away. The same day two rival zoos began to quarrel. The Bronx Zoo said that lulu was a better mother than the Shu-yu Temple. The Bracket of the Humane Society of the United States, Friends of the Zoo, and the Society for Animal Rights condemned the cagelike conditions of the zoo and called for changes. The latter was brought to the University for Surgery, and the arm was cast. The staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed. The staff thought that, because of this incident, lulu was not fit to be a mother. Then lulu was brought to the University for Surgery and cast for her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was pressed through the narrow bars and pressed against the father, lulu suddenly pulled her away. Then lulu was brought to the University for Surgery and cast for her arm. Then lulu was brought to the University for Surgery and cast for her arm. On the same day, two rival zoos began to quarrel; the Bronx zoos said that lulu was a better mother than the Shu-yu. In the same way, in the same time, two rival zoos began to fight. The Bronx zoos said that lulu was better than the Shu-yu. Then lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast for her arm. During the examination, the staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed; and they also believed that lulu was not fit to be a mother because of the situation. Then lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast for her arm. During the examination, the staff found that lulu had intestinal parasites and was underfed... Then lulu was brought to the university for surgery and cast for her arm. Lulu had a pastry in her arms, and when a pastry was placed through the narrow bars The changes demanded by the News and Courier Syndicate of New York, to make room for the gorillas, had been approved by the Government of New York in 1981. Efforts were made to move the gorillas to larger spaces in other zoos. The news reported that "the sagging of animals in inadequate places has long irritated the animal lovers. " The changes required by the newspapers and couriers of New York to make room for the gorillas were approved by the State of New York in 1981. They were put to work to move the gorillas to larger enclosures in other zoos. Pattycake was put permanently into the bronx zoo in December 1982. In the meantime, after the zoo had been closed for renovations for the past three years, Pattycake had been moved to the bronx zoo. The changes required by the newspapers and couriers of New York to make room for the gorillas were approved by the state of New York in 1981. Pattycake was permanently placed in the bronx in December 1982. The bronx zoo had been closed for three years because of renovations and had been moved to the bronx. The news said that the “sagging of animals in the abyss has long angered the animal lovers.” In fact, in june 1999, pattycake entered the Animal Conservation Society’s $ 43 million congo gorilla museum – it was a gigantic gorilla forest, separate from the visitors and with a glass wall – two troops of gorillas occupied the 6. a month, whereas he would go to the world-famous Incense Plant, a solitary forest in which a dozen gorillas were exhibited in a single troop, each of which was as big as a five-acre zoo. The gorillas were to be moved to bigger enclosures in other zoos. The changes to the zoos and their couriers were enacted by the State of New York in 1981. They were put to work to move the gorillas to larger enclosures in other zoos. In July 1999 pattycake entered the congo gorilla museum - it was a huge gorilla forest, separate from the visitors, and surrounded by a glass wall, with a dozen gorillas, including fubo, pattycake, trikram, halima, fran, layla, kumi, babatunde, barbara and md-domo. Pattycake was permanently inserted in the bronx in December 1982. The bronx zoo had been closed for three years for renovations and moved to the bronx. The change that the newspapers and the messengers of New York needed to make room for the gorillas was approved by the State of New York in 1981. The state approved the changes necessary to move the gorillas to larger enclosures. In addition, in June 1999, when pattycake entered the Congogogogogo museum, which was an enormous gorilla forest, divided from the audience and enclosed by a glass wall, there were more than a dozen gorillas in pattycake's troop, including fubo, tunko, triska, halima, fran, layla, kumi, kumi, babatunde, barbara, and m domo. The changes the newspapers and messengers of New York had to make room for the gorillas were approved by the State of New York in 1981. The gorillas were to be moved to larger zoos. In the month of July, pattycake entered the congogogogogogo museum, which was a gigantic gorilla forest, separated from the public and with a glass wall. Two troops of gorillas occupied the six-dollar rate of a month; while, in the months of the year, she went to the Incense Plant, a solitary forest where a dozen gorillas were displayed in a single troop, each one of which was a five-acre zoo. The change in the newspapers and messengers of New York to make room for the gorillas was approved by the State of New York in 1981. The change in the newspaper and the messengers of New York to make room for the gorillas were placed in bronx in December 1982. In addition, in June 1999, when pattycake entered the Congogogogogo Museum, which was an enormous gorilla forest that was separate from the visitors and surrounded by a glass wall, there were more than a dozen gorillas in the troop of pattycake, including pattycake, trickram, halima, fran, layla, kumi, kumi, barbara, and md-domo. Pattycake became permanent in the bronx in December 1982. The bronx had been closed for three years, and was moved to the bronx. The changes required by the newspapers and messengers of New York to make room for the gorillas were approved by the state of New York in 1981. The gorillas were moved to larger enclosures in other zoos. In July 1999, Pattycake entered the Zoo of Animal Conservation's $ 43 million congogogogogo - it was a giant gorilla forest, which was divided from the public and surrounded by a glass wall - there were more than a dozen gorillas in the troop, including: tumai, male, tumai, his wife, benta, tumai. ... In the month of July, pattycake entered the  two soldiers of gorillas, two kai, and kai, kai, kai, kai, kai, kai, kai, kai. Besides, in June 1999, when pattycake entered the congogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogogo, separate from the public and surrounded by a glass wall, a dozen gorillas in the group, including pattycake, tumai, and her husband, benta, tumai. The changes the newspapers and messengers of New York approved the move to move the gorillas to the larger enclosures. In December, Pattycake permanently entered the bronx, and the bronx was closed for three years, and moved to the bronx. The change in the newspapers and messengers of New York to make room for the gorillas was approved by the state of New York in 1981. The gorillas were moved to larger enclosures in other zoos. The change the newspapers and messenger " Then the words, "The future of the world, the sagging of animals in the cave has long irritated the animal lovers." The changes that the newspapers and messengers of New York were obliged to make to accommodate the gorillas were approved by the state of New York. The gorillas were moved to larger enclosures in other zoos. The changes that the newspapers and messengers of New York were obliged to make to accommodate the gorillas were approved by the state of New York in 1981. Pattycake was permanently placed in the bronx in December 1982, and the bronx had been closed for three years and moved to the bronx. The change of the newspapers and messengers of New York to accommodate the gorillas was approved by the state of New York in 1981; the gorillas were moved to larger enclosures in other zoos. In the month of July, pattycake entered the In the meanwhile, he was taken to the bronx zoo and joined a couple of other females. On the 11th of July 1993, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to okpara, a male gorilla. They also gave birth to two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 11th of July 1993 Pancake and Pancake gave birth to okpara, a male baboon, and also to two of their own: Ngoma and tambo. They were taken to the Wilderness Zoo to join some other females. On the 11th of July, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to okpara, a male baboon, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 11th of July 1993 Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 11th of July, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male gorilla, and also to two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 11th of July, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 15th of July, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 15th of July, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On the 15th of July, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a male, and also two of their own: Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, 1993, Pancake and Pancake were conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. The boys were taken to the zoo and arranged to be reunited with some other young ladies. On July 11, 1993, Pancake and Pancake were conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, 1993, Pancake and Pancake were conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, 1993, Pancake and Pancake were conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, 1993, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to okpara, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 15th, Pancake and Pancake were born okpara, a boy, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. The dappled milk was then brought to the air and the pan and the ginkgo are found, and then they can put their things in the air, and bring them into the air. Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11th, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to okpara, a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake were conceived a boy, a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake was carried to the zoo and was reunited with some other young ladies. Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had given birth to a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake had a gorilla and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake gave birth to a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a calf, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. On July 11, Pancake and Pancake conceived a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. Pancake and Pancake conceived a gorilla, and two of their own, Ngoma and tambo. "Petite" is mentioned in the book, Gentle Gorilla: The story of the puff pastry.