 The food album is an album of songs by the yankovic singer-songwriter weird al yankovic. It was released on June 22, 1993 by scotti brothers. the album contains ten of yankovic ’s parodies, which are all about food. The music of the food album is a record of songs by the yankovic singer-songwriter, strange-al yankovic. It was released on June 22, 1993, by the Scotti brothers. The album contains ten of yankovic’s parodies about food. The songs on the album are all about food. Several songs on the album about food, such as “girls only want to have lunch” and “walnut king” are not included in the collection, though the former is based on personal preference, while the latter is based on scheduling issues. The yankovic album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom thought the album was a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record one should buy. The music of the food album is a compilation of songs by the yankovic singer-songwriter, strange-al-yankovic. It was released on June 22, 1993 by the Scotti brothers. It contains ten parodies of yankovic about food. On the album there are ten parodies by yankovic. On the album there are some songs about food, i.e., ‘girls who don’t want to eat’, ‘walnut-king’, although the former is made by personal preference, while the latter is made by technical difficulties. Despite the lukewarm reception of the album, the record was certified gold by the riaa, making it the first and only compilation album he’s released. The ‘sweetheart’ album by yankovic was released on June 22, 1993, by the Scotti brothers. The "sweetheart" album was released by the Scotti brothers on June 22, 1993. The album contains ten of yankovic's parodies. The album contains ten parodies by yankovic. On the album there are ten parodies by yankovic. The album contains ten parodies by yankovic. Several songs on the album, such as "the girls only want to eat lunch" and "the king" are not included, but the latter are based on personal preference, the latter is based on a definite question of the time. The yankovic album received mixed reviews from the music critics, many of whom considered the album a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record for sale. The "love" album was released on June 22, 1993, by the Scotti brothers. The yankovic album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom thought it was a pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The music of the food album is a compilation of songs by the yankovic singer-songwriter, strange al yankovic. It was released on June 22, 1993, by the Scotti brothers. The songs on this album are about food. " "It's a girl who doesn't want to eat" and "bad girl" from yankovic's rocky (Radash) : The love album by Yankovic was released on June 22, 1993 by the Scotti brothers. The love album was released by Yankovic on June 22, 1993. The song on the album is food. The album contains ten parodies by Yankovic. The album contains ten parodies by Yankovic. Several songs on the album are about food, namely, "girls who don't want to eat," and "walnut king," although the former is the result of personal preference, while the latter is the result of technological difficulties. The music of the food album is a compilation of songs by the Yankovic singer-songwriter, strange al yankovic. The Yankovic album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom thought it was a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The Yankovic album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom considered it a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. On the album there are ten parodies by Yankovic. The Yankovic album contains ten parodies, i.e., “Boots and chips”, “Whites and Pies,” “and bad girls,” which was released in the year 1985 by yankovic, who released it first on the soundtrack of the film “Gateway.” The'sweetheart' album was released by Yankovic on June 22, 1993. The album contains ten parodies of Yankovic. The album contains ten parodies of Yankovic. Various songs on the album are about food: “Girls only want to eat lunch” and “King of hearts,” but the former is a personal preference, while the latter is a technological problem. The 'King of hearts' album was released on June 22, 1993 by the Scotti brothers. The 'King of hearts' album was released on June 22, 1993 by the Scotti brothers. The 'King of hearts' album was released on June 22, 1993 by the Scotti brothers. It contained ten parodies by Yankovic; the album contains ten parodies by Yankovic; a few songs about food, namely, "Women who do not want to eat" and "King of hearts", although the former is personal preference, while the latter is due to technical difficulties. The 'King' album received mixed reviews from the music critics, many of whom considered it a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The music of the 'King' album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom considered it a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The music of the 'King' album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom thought it was a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The 'King' album received mixed reviews from music critics, many of whom thought it was a very pleasant collection of songs, but that it was not a record to buy. The 'King' album contains ten parodies. Several songs on the album are about food, such as 'Girls only want to have lunch' and 'The King', although the former is a personal preference, the latter is a technical one. The song on the album is about food. The album contains ten parodies by Yankovic. The 'King' album contains ten parodies, about food. “The girls just want to have a little lunch,” was chosen for the reason that yankovic’s dislike of the song was due to his own distaste for it, as his record label had forced him to record it in order to release the dare to be stupid in 1985. The reason for choosing "to luncheon" was that it was disliked by yankovic, for he himself was not fond of it, because his record label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. However, yankovic decided to switch the song "waffle king" with "I was only kidding" - the song was actually recorded for the next album - at the last moment; this made yankovic leave "waffle king" for the time being. The song was later released as the single " smells like nirvana" - and yankovic's eighth studio album, alapalooza, which was released four months after the food album... “To lunch” was chosen by yankovic because he was indifferent to it because his record label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. However, yankovic decided to change the song “Waffle King” for “I was only kidding,” which was then recorded for the next album. At the last moment, however, yankovic decided to switch the song to “I’m only kidding”—the song was actually recorded for the next album—and thus yankovic renounced “Waffle King.” Then yankovic released the song as “Little, dangling lotus flower”—and the album he called alapalooza, which was released four months after the food album. At the time, scotti brothers insisted on a new album from yankovic in order to meet the forecasts of the year. The reason for choosing "to lunch" was that he disliked it, because his label was forcing him to record it in 1985 for the dare to be stupid. Then yankovic decided to change the song "kick" for "I'm only joking", and thus yankovic dropped "kick". " To lunch" was chosen by yankovic, because he disliked it because he himself did not like it, because the label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. But yankovic decided to change the song "kick" for "I'm only joking", and the song was recorded for the next album, and thus yankovic renounced "kick" for the time being. Then yankovic retorted that "To lunch" was the wrong choice, because he himself was not fond of it, because the label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. " To lunch" was chosen by yankovic because he did not like it, because his record label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. After the release of the food album and the tv album, in addition to the numerous greatest hits, the brothers used all the advantages of their contract with yankovic, which prevented the further release of compilations when they acquired the contract of volcano records in the late 1990s. At that time, the scotti brothers insisted on a new album from yankovic in order to make up for the forecast of the year. The song was then released as the single “Little, Missing Lotus Flower”—and a fourth album he called “Alaska,” which was released four months after the food album. Then yankovic decided to change the song “Waffle King” for “I’m only joking,” and this made yankovic drop the name “Waffle King.” The song was later used in the album “Little, Miss Lotus Flower,” which was released four months after the food album. The reason for choosing “waffle” was because yankovic disliked it because his label had forced him to record it for the “Waffle King” in 1985. But yankovic decided to change the song “Waffle King” for “I’m only joking,” and so he dropped “Waffle King.” Then yankovic changed the song “Waffle King” to “only joking,” and thus yankovic dropped “Waffle King.” However, yankovic changed the song “Waffle King” to “only joking,” and so yankovic dropped “Waffle King.” “To lunch” was chosen by yankovic, because he did not like it, because the label had forced him to record it for the dare to be stupid album in 1985. But yankovic changed the song “Waffle King” to “only joking,” and so yankovic dropped “Waffle King”. Then yankovic switched the song “Waffle King” to “only joking,” and so yankovic dropped “Waffle King.” The song was later released as the single “Little, hanging lotus flower,” and the album was called “Alapalooza,” and the album was called “Alapalooza,” which was released four months after the food album. enrur, an american voice actor, comedian, author, storyteller, animator, and director... di> Mr Lawrence, a voice actor, an American comedian, writer, comic, storyboard artist, animator, and director.... The "grotesque" cover was the alien's passive, aggressive protest against his label's insistence that the album should be released; yankovic intended that the alien having "sealed a dead corpse of weird, clean, clean" as a reference to his record label "healing" his catalogue dry. Mr Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator, and director... mr Lawrence, a voice actor, an American comic artist, writer, comic artist, animator, director..... he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... the japanese release of the album, however, features a different appearance and a change of name, because there is no f in japanese language, the album is renamed the hood... , he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator and director. Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... the japanese release of the album had a different appearance, a change of name, because the japanese language does not say f, so the album was called f, he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator, director... the japanese release of the album had a different appearance, and a change of name, because the name was not f in the japanese language, the album was called hood... he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator, director... A man of the world is a woman, a woman of the world, a woman of the world, a woman of the world, with a tall frame and a gun, and a whole boat of all the world’s women. ‘A woman of the world,’ he said, ‘whom he wants to hang up’. ‘I’m a sucker for anything weird, but I like to think so – and that’s why I flipped out on hearing the ill-fated album of the crazy man.’ He decided that the album was a ‘thing in the magazines’, and gave it three stars out of five. In the japanese edition, however, there was a different appearance, a change of name, for there was no f in the japanese language, so the album was called hood... he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator and director... mr. Lawrence, American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... mr. Lawrence, American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... he himself is an American voice actor, comedian, writer, comic artist, animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator, director... In the Jingzhou press, however, the album received a different appearance and a change of name, because there is no f in the Jingzhou language, so the album was called hood... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator,... - Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator,... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator,... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, comic artist, animator,... a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world, - - he, he said, - "whom he wants to hang up" - "a woman of the world, a woman, a woman, a woman, with a high frame, a gun, and a boat of all the women in the world. " - It was taken by the aliens, without a word, against the insistence of the label, "the album must be released." - in the japanese edition, there was a change and a change of name, because there is no f in the japanese language, the album was called hood. In the Jingzhou newspaper, however, the album was given a different appearance and a change of name, because there was no f in the Jingzhou language, and therefore the album was called hood... - Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, cartoon animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, cartoon animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, cartoon animator, director... Mr. Lawrence, an American voice actor, comedian, author, cartoon animator, director... a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world... he said, "whom he wants to hang up," he said, "whom he wants to hang up" - "whom he wants to hang up" - "woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world... " In the Jingzhou press, the album received a change and a name, because the language is not f in Jingzhou, the album was called hood... a man of the world is a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world... a man of the world is a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world,... a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a woman, a boat of all the women in the world...