 Myth #15 Patriarchal cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (Burdane: атриареска катедрала, ирои свето внесение осодне, patriarchal cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God, called 'Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God', whose name means 'Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God', is the ancient cathedral of the BURBANKINDE, the former capital of the second BURBANK dynasty. It was built by the ancient monks of 'the fortified tsarevs' Hill, in the former capital of the second state of bulgaria, the cathedral was the seat of the BURBANK fathers from the construction of the cathedral in the 11th to the death of the tower. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, follows a cross-beam structure, with a tower and a triple apse. Myth #1 (Burdane: атриареска катедрала, ирои свето внесение осодне), the patriarchal cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (or “Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God”) is an ancient cathedral of the Banardian dynasty, the former capital of the second BURBANK dynasty. It was built by the ancient monks of the fortified fortified tsarevs (in the former capital of the second state of bulgaria), and was the seat of the Banardian fathers from the time of the building of the cathedral in the 11th century to the death of the tower. This cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consists of a cross-beam church with a tower and a triple apse. The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (Burdane: атриареска катедрала, ирои свето внесение осодне), or Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (Paradise, Greek, and Byzantine), is an ancient cathedral of the Banardian dynasty, the former capital of the second Banar kingdom. It was built by the ancient monks of the fortified tsarevs’ Hill, in the former capital of the second state of bulgaria, and was the seat of the Banardian fathers from the time of the cathedral in the 11th century to the end of the tower. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and was of a cross-beam structure, with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, which was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, is a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The Roman basilica may have been used by the local congregation during the first Bulgarian Empire, although it was not used by the time the current church was built. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, is a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a re-ed tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a re-ed tower and a knead. Myth #15 The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (Burdane: атриареска катедрала, ирои свето внесение осодне) was an ancient cathedral of the Banardian dynasty, the former capital of the second Banar kingdom. It was built by the ancient monks of the fortified tsarevs, the former capital of the second state, and was the seat of the Banardian fathers from the time of the cathedral in the 11th century to the end of the tower. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, which was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, is a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. It was built by the ancient monks of the fortified fortsarevs (in the former capital of the second state of the kingdom) and was the seat of the Banars from the time of the cathedral in the 11th century to the end of the tower. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. Myth #15 The patriarchal cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God (Burdane: атриареска катедрала, ирои свето внесение осодне), is an ancient cathedral of the Banars, the former capital of the second Banar kingdom, founded by the ancient monks of the fortified fortsarevs (in the former capital of the second state) and was the seat of the Banars from the time of the cathedral in the 11th century to the end of the tower. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and was a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The Roman basilica may have been used in the early days of the Bulgarian Empire, although it was not used then. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral, rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and it was a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The Roman basilica may have been used by the local church in the beginning of the Bulgarian Empire, although it was not used at the time. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970s and 1980s, and consisted of a cross-beam church with a tower and a knead. The cathedral was rebuilt in the 1970 The preservation of the relics of the warriors from the Potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral is the emblem of the incessant warfare of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins that dominated the reign of kaloyan... In the long history of the imperial guard the relics of warriors of the Potuka fortress were preserved at the patriarchal cathedral. The preservation of the relics of warriors from the Potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral is an emblem of the continual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins which dominated the reign of Kaloyan..... - one laloe - thanks God and the saintly, holy and glorious ascension, for finishing his work on the book. In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, described the church as "the cathedral of the Holy Epiphany"... In the long history of the imperial guard, the relics of warriors from Potuka fortress were preserved in the patriarchal cathedral. The relics of warriors from Potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral are an emblem of the perpetual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins that dominated the reign of Kaloyan... In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, described the church as 'the cathedral of the Epiphany'... In the book of the fortress of the ancients, a menaion servicebook, written in the middle 14th century and carried to Kronstadt (now Bratislava) in the fall of bulgaria under the Otto rule. "This monument was also mentioned by the scribe in the ancient brasov dungeon, which was originally published in the 14th century and later carried to the city of Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of bulgaria under the octanus. " The scholar Bistranikolova considers it a kind of allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which may have funded the project. The relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress to the patriarchal cathedral are an ode to the perpetual warfare of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins which ruled the reign of Kaloyan... In the long history of the imperial guard the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress were preserved in the patriarchal cathedral. The long history of the imperial guard the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress were preserved in the patriarchal cathedral. In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, described the church as “the cathedral of the Holy Epiphany”... In the ancient brasov manuscript, written in the 14th century and brought to the city of Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of bulgaria under Otto.  It was also mentioned by the writer in the ancient brasov cellars, which was originally published in the 14th century and brought to Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of bulgaria under the octanus. The patriarchal cathedral was destroyed after the ottomans captured the capital of bulgaria on the 17th of July 1393. This monument was fully reconstructed in the 20th century, and reconstructions were carried out by a team of architects under the leadership of architect boyan kuzupov, which started in 1978 and finished in 1981, in commemoration of the anniversary of bulgaria. Bistranikolova considers it a sort of allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which probably funded the project. The relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress were reconstructed in the patriarchal cathedral, the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress are an ode to the continual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins that ruled the Kaloyan era... In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, Saint Evtimiy, described the church as the cathedral of the Epiphany... In the patriarchal cathedral, the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress are an ode to the perpetual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins which ruled the Kaloyan era... a knight, holy and good... thanks God and the holy, holy and glorious ascension, for finishing the work on the book., in the long history of the imperial guard, the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress are the ode to the perpetual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins that ruled the reign of Kaloyan... During the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Yevtimiy, described the church as "the cathedral of the Epiphany"... In the old brasov manuscript, published in the 14th century and brought to the city of Kronstadt (now Bratislava), after the fall of Kuzmilov. The Museum of the Ancients, in which a particular passage is named, was published in the 14th century and then brought to the city of Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of Kuzmilov. Bistranikolovich considers it a kind of allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which probably funded it. Bistranich considers it a sort of allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which may have funded it. In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, described the church as "the cathedral of the Holy Epiphany"... There is a general known in the court of the ancients, a codex of menaion, originally published in the 14th century, and then brought to the city of Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of Kuzmilov. Bistranikolovich considers this a kind of allusion to the patriarchal cathedral, which probably funded the project. The tomb of the holy saint, the tomb of the holy, holy and mighty, is located on the top of the hill of the Tsarevets, overlooking the modern city of veliko tarnovo. In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, Saint Evtimiy, described the church as the cathedral of the Epiphany... The church is in the historical monument of the ancients, a writing, written in the middle of the 14th century, and brought to Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of the Cattle-Frog. In the old brasov manuscript, published in the 14th century and brought to Kronstadt (now Bratislava) after the fall of the Cattle-Frog, the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress are an ode to the perpetual battle of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins which have ruled the Kaloyan era. The relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress are an ode to the perpetual warring of the imperial guard against the Byzantines and Latins which have ruled the Kaloyan era... In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, described the church as the cathedral of the Epiphany... In the late 14th century, the last patriarch of Tarnovo, St. Evtimiy, called the church the cathedral of the Epiphany... in the long history of the imperial guard, the warriors of the Potuka fortress were preserved in the patriarchal cathedral, the relics of the warriors of the Potuka fortress were preserved in the patriarchal cathedral; the warriors of the Potuka fortress were restored to the patriarchal cathedral, the The Cathedral of thePatriarch, whose perimeter was fenced in, was positioned in the middle of its courtyard. The Cathedral of thePatriarch was a triple apse, the central part of which was almost the same as the apse of the original basilica on the site... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... /sent> built of crushed stones and mortar with little brickwork, it was a rectangle of two and a half meters (83 ft  39 ft)... The three navels of the Cathedral of the Patriarch were three naves, the central part of which was almost the same as the apse of the basilica on the site... /sent> the three naves of the cathedral – the square form – follows the traditional Byzantine cross – in the square form – in a square square. ... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the original basilica on the site... It was built of crushed stone and mortar, with little brickwork, in a rectangle of two and a half meters (83 ft., 39 ft.) The three naves of the cathedral—square-form—followed the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in square-form, in square-form. The presence of a bell tower is considered a rarity in Balkan churches. It is not known whether the church contained a synthronon (stone benches for clergy), as it is unknown whether its remains may be a part of the old basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site. The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The three navels of the Cathedral of the Patriarch were three naves, almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The church possessed a great deal of interior and exterior decoration: while the facades were covered with arches and ceramic tiles, the interior mosaics were made of white, yellow, pink marble, and semi-precious stones like sapphire and porphyry, while the walls were covered with frescoes and mosaics... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site.......... The three naves of the cathedral - the square form - follow the traditional cross of the Byzantine church, in the square form, in a square shape. The three naves of the cathedral - the square form - follow the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in the square form, in a square form. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... – The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... – The three naves of the cathedral – the square form – follow the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in the square form, in a square form. The three naves of the cathedral – the square form – follow the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in the square form, in a square form. The church has a lot of interior and exterior decoration: while the facades are covered with arches and ceramic tiles, the interior mosaics are made of white, yellow, pink marble, and semi-precious stones like sapphire and porphyry, while the walls are covered with mosaics and frescoes... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica on the site... The three naves of the cathedral—square, square—followed the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in a square, square. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The three naves of the cathedral, in a square, follow the traditional cross of the Byzantine Church, in a square, in a square. The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple navel, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica. The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The Cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same as the nave of the first basilica... The cathedral of the Patriarch was a triple nave, in a central position almost the same