 sms zrinyi (her majesty's ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship ( schlachtschiff) of the austro- hungarian navy. sms zrinyi (the majesty’s ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. It was named for the zrinsky family, a noble family of croatians. During World War I, zrinyi saw action in the Adriatic Sea. sms zrinyi (her Majesty’s ship zrinyi) was a pre-war battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. She served in the second division of the Austro-hungarian Navy’s battleships, and shelled senigallia in the bombardment of the key seaport of ancona, italy, in May 1915. During World War I zrinyi was at war in the Adriatic Sea. As a second division of the Austro-hungarian Navy, she was the 1st rooster of the Austro-hungarian Navy, sank a few thousand tons of senigallia in the bombardment of the key port of ancona, Italy in May 1915. During World War I, zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I, zrinyi was at war in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty's ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian navy. On the 10th of November 1918, navy officers were sailed out of pola (pula) and gave in to a squadron of American submarine-strikers. In 1917, the war went against the austrians and zrinyi was ready to be transferred to the new state of slovenes, croats, and serbs. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (her Majesty's ship zrinyi) was a pre-war battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. It was a pre-war battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She served in the second division of the Austro-hungarian Navy, and shelled a few thousand tons of senigallia in the bombardment of the key seaport of ancona, Italy in May 1915. She was named for the zrinsky family, a croatia. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. It was built at the tecnico triestino dock in trieste, the same place where her sister ships were built. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. In 1917 the war began against the austrians and zrinyi was ready to be transferred to the new state of slovenes, croats and serbs. On the 10th of November 1918, the navy officers were sailed out of pola (pula) and gave in to a squadron of American submarine-strikers. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty’s ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty’s ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. In World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty’s ship zrinyi) was a prewar battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. In 1917 the war began against the austrians, and zrinyi was ready to transfer to the new state of slovenes, croats and serbs. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She served in the second division of the Austro-hungarian Navy, and shelled a few thousand tons of senigallia in the bombardment of the key port of ancona, Italy, in May 1915. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. It was the last ship of the class to be built, and had a crew of 880 to 890 officers and men. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty's ship zrinyi) was a pre-war battleship (schlachtschiff) of the emperor. In 1917, the war began against the austrians, and zrinyi was ready to be transferred to the new state of slovenes, croats, and serbs. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. In World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty's ship zrinyi) was a pre-war battleship (schlachtschiff) of the Austro-hungarian Navy. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. During World War I zrinyi was in the Adriatic Sea. She was the ship zrinyi (the majesty's ship zrinyi) was a pre-war battleship (schlacht) of the Austro-hungarian “At a depth of twenty-six metres (76 feet 8 inches), we had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet 8 inches), and a draft of eight inches. She had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet), and a draft of eight inches. She was powered by two@ shafts four @ cylinders, four @ cylinders, four @ cylinders, the horizontal triple-compression engines rated at 19 @, 800 indicated horsepower. Normally, the ship could carry fourteen, 500 t (14, 741 t) and up to fifteen, 845 t ( 16, 099 t) and a full fighting load. "At a depth of twenty-six metres (76 feet) we had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet), and a draft of eight inches. Normally the ship would hold fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons), and fifteen, 845 tons ( 16,099 tons) and a full fighting force. She was sturdily powered by two shafts, four shafts, four shafts, four shafts, the horizontal triple-compression engines of 19 HP and rated at 19 horsepower. “At a depth of twenty-six metres (76 feet), we had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet) and a draft of eight inches. She was armed with four 30 ’ guns, five in each direction. The ship had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet) and a draft of eight inches. She was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, four three-horse, the horizontal triple-compression engines, 18 hp and 18 hp, and of 19 hp. The ship’s primary equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch –” “At a depth of twenty-six meters (76 feet), we had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 inches) and a draft of eight inches. She was a powerful vessel, capable of carrying fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) of fighting force. She was powered by two shafts, four shafts, four shafts, four shafts, the horizontal triple-compression engines of 19 HP and 800 strokes. The primary weapon was four 30—[36] yarrow-type coal-fired boilers... The vessel was a very powerful vessel, capable of carrying fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons), fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) of combat. She was armed with four 30-pound coal-fired boilers, six in each direction. She was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, four three-horse, horizontal turbo-engines of 19 HP and 800 strokes. At twenty-six meters (76 feet), we had a beam of twenty-six inches (68 feet), and a draft of eight inches. She was armed with four 30-pound coal-fired boilers, five in each direction. The ship’s main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch –“ – at a depth of twenty-six inches (76 feet), and at a draft of eight inches. The ship’s propulsion consisted of four thirty-one inch yarrow-type boilers... ”At a depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches. She was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, four three-horse, the horizontal compression engines of 18 hp and 18 hp. She was sturdily powered by two shafts, four shafts, four shafts, four shafts, the horizontal compression engines of 19 hp and 800 horsepower. The main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch– (66 cm) yarrows (a low, medium-weight coal-fired boiler... In the deepest depths the vessel could hold fourteen,500 tonnes (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) of fighting force. At a depth of twenty-six meters (76 feet), we had a beam of twenty-six inches (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches. The ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch yarrows... at a depth of twenty-six inches (76 feet) we had a draft of eight inches. At a depth of twenty-six inches (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches. She was armed with four thirty-pound coal boilers, six in all directions. She was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, four three-horse, horizontal triple compression engines 18 hp and 18 hp. The vessel's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch (66 cm) coal boilers... a very powerful vessel capable of carrying fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) and a full fighting force. The primary equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch (66 cm) coal boilers... The ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch (66 cm) coal boilers... a low, medium-weight coal boiler... The vessel's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal boilers... , twelve feet deep and six feet high, and a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet), and a draft of eight inches. A beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches. A beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches. A beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches. The ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers (rear-fired)... At the depths of twenty-six feet (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches, the vessel had a beam of twenty-six feet (68 feet) and a draft of eight inches. The ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... At the depths of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches, a vessel of large dimensions capable of carrying fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) of fighting force. At the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches. The vessel's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... She was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, four three-horse, horizontal turbo-engines 18 hp and 18 hp. The main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... At the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches. She was armed with four 30-pound coal-fired boilers, six in all directions. She was armed with four 30-pound coal-fired boilers, five in each direction. She was armed with four 30-pound coal-fired boilers, five in all directions. She was armed with four thirty-pound coal-fired boilers, six in all directions; she was armed with two two-horse, four three-horse, horizontal triple-compression engines, 18 hp and 18 hp. The main equipment consisted of four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet) she had a draft of eight inches; the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet) was eight inches; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches; the main equipment consisted of four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches; at the depth of twenty-six feet (76 feet), we had a draft of eight inches; the ship was armed with four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers, six in all directions; four two-horse, four three-horse, horizontal turbo-engines 18 hp and 18 hp; a bowsnake of four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers... a ship of very strong construction capable of carrying fourteen,500 tons (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) of fighting force. The ship’s main equipment consisted of four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers... At twenty-six feet (76 feet), a beam of eight inches, a beam of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; the main equipment consisted of four thirty The main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers. At twenty-six feet (76 feet) a beam of eight inches. The beam of eight inches (76 feet) a beam of eight inches. At twenty-six feet (76 feet) a beam of eight inches; the beam of eight inches (76 feet) was eight inches. The beam of eight inches (76 feet) a beam of eight inches. The ship's propulsion consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... At twenty-six feet (76 feet) a beam of eight inches; a beam of eight inches; a beam of twenty-six feet (76 feet) and a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet) a draft of eight inches; the ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet) a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet) a draft of eight inches; the ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one inch coal-fired boilers... at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; at twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a crew of four thirty-one-pounders, five-in-hand. At the depths of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; a draft of eight inches; a ship of great strength, capable of a hundred and twenty-four tons (14, 741 tons) and fifteen, 845 tons (16,099 tons) and a combat load. The ship's main equipment consisted of four thirty-one-inch coal-fired boilers... At the depths of twenty-six feet (76 feet), a draft of eight inches; The main action of the combined flotilla, under the command of the british admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin... ships from other navies were present. The british pre-dreadnought king Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French armored cruiser edgar quinet, and the german light cruiser sms breslau... protest the balkan wars... Count xi, the british pre-dreadnought king Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French armored cruiser edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of the british admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin... ships from other navies were present. The goal of the blockade was to prevent serbian reinforcements from supporting the siege at scutari, where montenegro had besieged a combined force of albanians and ottomans... stimulated by the international blockade, serbia withdrew its army from scutari, which was occupied by a joint ground force. The main goal of the combined flotilla, under the command of the British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. Ships from other nations were present. The main purpose of the combined flotilla, under the command of the British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. Ships from other nations were present. The British colonel Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French tambous edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... Count xi, the British pre-dreadnought king Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French armored cruiser edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of the British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. Ships from other nations were present. The British colonel Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French taciturn edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... Count xi, the British pre-dreadnought king Edward vii, the Italian pre-dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, the French tavern edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of the British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin... ships from other nations were present. The main goal of the combined flotilla, under the command of the British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin... ships from other nations were present. Count xi, the British admiral Edward vii, the Italian admiral Edward vii, the French dreadnought edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... Count xi, British admiral Edward vii, Italian admiral Edward vii, French dreadnought ammiraglio di saint-bon, French stagger edgar quinet, and German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan wars... The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. Ships from other nations were present. The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. The main task of the combined flotilla, under the command of British admiral cecil burney, was to block the coast of Montenegrin. Ships from other nations were present. Count xi, the British Admiral Edward vii, the Italian Admiral Edward vii, the French Admiral edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan Wars... Count xi, the British Admiral Edward vii, the Italian Admiral Edward vii, the French Admiral edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan Wars... Count xi, the British Admiral Edward vii, the Italian Admiral Edward vii, the French musky edgar quinet, and the German light cruiser sms breslau... protest the Balkan Wars... Count xi, the British Admiral Edward vii, the Italian Admiral Edward vii, the French sms breslau, protest the Balkan Wars... The attack on ancona was an enormous success, and the ships were unopposed during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack of the province and the surrounding area led to the destruction of an Italian steamer in the city of Ancona itself, and an Italian destroyer, turbine, was severely damaged. The attack on Ancona was an enormous success, and the ships were not unopposed during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack in the province and the surrounding area resulted in the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona itself, and an Italian destroyer, turbine, was severely damaged.... at the shore, the station of Ancona, and the surrounding towns, were severely damaged... the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the town were also severely damaged... the local batteries were also suppressed... After the first half of 1915, a bombing attack in the province and the surrounding area caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona itself, and an Italian turbine. The attack on Ancona was an immense success, and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding area caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the city, the station of Ancona and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, and the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were also severely damaged... the batteries were also suppressed... In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and surrounding areas had resulted in the destruction of an Italian steamer in the town of Ancona itself, and an Italian turbine. The attack on Ancona was a great success, and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. The attack on Ancona was an immense success, and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, a bombing of the province and the surrounding areas had destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were severely damaged, batteries were also suppressed... after the first half of 1915, a bombing of the province and the surrounding areas had destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and the Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were severely damaged, batteries were suppressed... in the city, the station of Ancona and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, and the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were also severely damaged... The attack on Ancona was an enormous success and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack on the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing attack on the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in Ancona were severely damaged... batteries were also suppressed... After the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and the Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and the Italian turbine was severely damaged. The attack on Ancona was a great success, and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding areas destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and the Italian turbine was severely damaged. The city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were severely damaged, batteries were also suppressed... In the city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in the city were severely damaged... After the first half of 1915, a bombing attack in the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack in the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing attack in the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in Ancona were severely damaged... batteries were also suppressed... In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The attack on Ancona was a great success, and the ships did not lose battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed the Italian steamer in Ancona, and the Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the city, the Ancona station and the surrounding towns were severely damaged, the railroad yard in Ancona, and the port buildings in Ancona were severely damaged... batteries were also suppressed... The attack on Ancona was an immense success, and the ships did not lose a battle during the campaign. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack of the province and the surrounding areas caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, a bombing attack of the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused the destruction of an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns caused an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. In the first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer in Ancona, and an Italian turbine was severely damaged. The first half of 1915, the bombing of the province and the surrounding towns destroyed an Italian steamer the ship was sunk by a crew of a scratch Yugoslav crew on the 10th of November 1918, the day before the armistice, and had left pola with her sister ship, radetzky. However, the victorious allies refused to listen to the conversation between the austrians and the south slavs, and in the end, they resorted to confiscating the ships. meanwhile, the winners refused to listen to the conversation between the austrians and the south slavs, and in the end they took the ships back. They were soon followed by large Italian ships, so the two battleships hoisted the flags of the US Navy and headed south along the Adriatic coast towards Castelli bay, near Villeneuve (also known as a split). they begged the US Navy to follow them and give them a surrender, which was performed by a squadron of submarine escorts from the area. They wanted to be freed from the western Germans, and it was reported that the ship had been handed over to the new Southslav state, as it was a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijan polic, who presented the ship to representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of november 1919 at the place of the split. On the 10th of November 1918, the crew of a Yugoslav crew had sunk her ship in pola with her sister ship radetzky. The winning alliance refused to listen to the debate between the austrians and the Southslavs, and in the end confiscated the ships. The battleships were soon followed by big Italian ships, and the two battleships hoisted their flags and headed south along the Adriatic coast to Castelli bay near Villeneuve (also known as a “split”). They were begged the US Navy to follow them and surrender, which was performed by a squadron of submarine escorts from the area. In the course of the battleships they also went to the south, where they made a point of crossing the Adriatic coast and crossing Castelli bay, near Villeneuve (also known as a “split”). During this time the crew of a scratch Yugoslav crew were reported to have handed the ship over to the new Southslav state, as the ship was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of november 1919 at the very place of the split. This time the crew of the scratch Yugoslav crew was said to have handed the ship over to the new Southslav state, because the ship was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of november 1919. The winning alliance refused to listen to the arguments of the austrians and the Southslavs, and in the end they confiscated the ships. The next day the Yugoslav crew, sunk in pola with their sister, radetzky, left pola with her sister radetzky. However, the winners refused to listen to the argument between the austrians and the Southslavs, and ended by confiscating the ships. In the course of the battleships they went to the south, crossing the Adriatic and crossing Castelli, near Villeneuve (also called the split). In the course of the battleships they went to the south, passing through the Adriatic and crossing Castelli, near Villeneuve (also called the split). The first American complement consisted of four officers and 174 men, which were entirely composed of United States Navy reserve. They asked the US Navy to follow them and surrender, which was performed by a squadron of submarine escorts from the area. During this time the crew of a small Yugoslav crew reported to the new Southslav state, because it was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of november 1919. The robbery of the Chess Officers of the First Navy, in October 1918, was sunk by a crew of the sloop of a crew of the sloop rssks from the Yugoslav crew on the morning of the 10th of November 1918, the day before the armistice, and whose sister had left pola with her sister, rssks. However, the robbery of the crew of the sloop crew ended by bringing back the ships. The robbers soon followed by big Italian ships, and the two ships hoisted the flags of the US Navy and headed south on the Adriatic to Castelli, near Villeneuve (also called a ‘split’). The robbers also went south on the Adriatic and crossed Castelli, near Villeneuve (also called a ‘split’). The robbers then went south on the Adriatic and crossed Castelli, near Villeneuve (also known as ‘split’). They begged the US Navy to follow them and surrender, which was performed by a squadron of submarine escorts from the area. Then the crew of a small Yugoslav crew were said to have surrendered to the new Southslav state, because it was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who had presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of November 1919. On the morning of 7 November 1920, the ship zrinyi was decommissioned. The winning alliance refused to listen to the arguments between the austrians and the southslavs, and ended by confiscating the ships. In the course of the battleships, they went south, crossing the Adriatic and crossing Castelli, near Villeneuve (also known as a split). The comrades of the sloops from a scratch Yugoslav crew were told that they had handed over the ship to the new Southslav state, because it was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of November 1919. The coalition refused to listen to When the naval armies were ready to surrender, they said that the ship had been taken from the south by a croat officer, a croat officer called Korvettenkapitan Marijanovich, who had presented the ship to the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of november 1919. In the course of the seas, they would set sail south, crossing the Adriatic and crossing Castelli, near Villeneuve, (also called split). The navigator of the first American contingent consisted of four officers and eighteen men, who were all navy reserve. The pilot of the Yugoslav crew on the 10th of November 1918, the day before the armistice, had sunk the ship with her sister, radetzky. This time the crew of the crew of the Yugoslav crew reported to the new Southslav state, because it was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of November 1919. The next day the crew of the Yugoslav crew had sunk in pola with their sister radetzky and had left pola with her sister radetzky. However, the losers refused to listen to the arguments between the austrians and the Southslavs, and in the end confiscated the ships. In the course of the battleships, they went to the south, crossing the Adriatic and crossing Castelli, near Villeneuve (also known as a split). The crew of the small crew of the sloop was told to surrender the ship to the new Southslav state, as the ship was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of November 1919. The crew of the sloop, a crew of a sloop, was told to surrender the ship to the new Southslav state, because it was held by a croat officer, korvettenkapitan marijanpolic, who presented the ship to the representatives of the United States Navy on the evening of the 22nd of November 1919. In the middle of the battles, they went south, crossing the Adriatic and