 The church of St Mary ’s, nether Alderley. St Mary’s Church is an Anglican church, at the end of a lane to the south of the village of Nether Alderley, cheshire, england. It is of the 14th century, with additions and a major restoration in the late 19th century. There is a church of St Mary’s, nether Alderley. It is a parish church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys of Alderley in 1722. The church’s principal features are a fine tower, the Stanley pew, which is entered by an outside staircase, a 14th century font, the western gallery, and monuments to the Stanleys of Alderley – the town’s oldest church, with a tower of a fine design, a tower of a 14th century, a font of a 14th century, a 16th century font, the western gallery, and monuments to the Stanleys of Alderley. The church’s main features include a fine tower, the stanley pew, which is in a box on the outside of the church, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and a monument to the lords of the Stanleys of Alderley... There is a church at St Mary's, nether Alderley. St Mary's is an Anglican church at the end of a lane to the south of the village of Nether Alderley, cheshire, England. It is of the 14th century, with additions and a major restoration in the 19th century. It is an Anglican church, built in Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a Stanley pew, which is accessed by a stairway from the outside of the church, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a memorial to the Stanleys. The main features of the church are a tower, a Stanley pew, which is in a box outside the church, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and a monument to the masters of the Stanleys of Alderley...... The tower, the Stanley pew, is in a box on the outside of the church, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and a monument to the lords of the Stanleys of Alderley... In Saint Mary’s church, nether Alderley. Saint Mary’s church is a parish church built in the Gothic style and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is a church of St Mary’s, nether Alderley. It is a church of the Church of St George’s, located at the end of a lane in the village of Nether Alderley, England. It is an Anglican church, located at the end of a lane, south of the village of Nether Alderley, England. It is of the 14th century, with additions and major restorations in the 19th century. The church’s main features are a tower, the Stanley pew, which is accessed by an outside stairway, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys of Alderley. There is a church at St Mary’s, nether Alderley. The church’s initial dedication was to Saint Lawrence, but it was later changed to Saint Mary. The tower, the Stanley pew, is in a box outside the church, a 14th century font, a western gallery, and a monument to the Stanleys of Alderley... Situated at the end of a little lane, the church of Saint Georges, situated at the end of a little lane in the village of Nether Alderley, England, it is a church of Anglicans and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is an Anglican church, located at the end of a lane in the village of Nether Alderley, England. The church has a tower, a Stanley pew, which is accessible by a stairway, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys... In Saint Mary's church, Nether Alderley. The church is an Anglican church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a Stanley pew, which is accessible by an outside staircase, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys... The church is Saint Mary's church, Nether Alderley. The church is an Anglican church, at the end of a lane, near the village of Nether Alderley, England; it is of the 14th century, with additions and major restorations in the late 19th century. The church is the church of St. Mary, Nether Alderley. It is a parish church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The tower, the stanley pew, is in a box outside the church, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. St. Mary's is an Anglican church at the end of a lane in the village of Nether Alderley. In Saint Mary's, Nether Alderley, there is a church, a church, built in the Gothic style and founded by the Stanleys in 1722. There is a church, a church, a church, a church of the Stanleys, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a stanley pew, which is accessible from outside the church, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys... In Saint Mary, nether Alderley. The church is an Anglican church, at the end of a lane, near the village of Nether Alderley, England; it is a church of the Gothic style and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. It is a church of the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is an Anglican church, situated at the end of a lane, near the village of Nether Alderley, England; it is an Anglican church, built in Gothic style and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722; it has a tower, a stanley pew, which is located by a stairway from the church, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. Saint Mary's Church, nether Alderley, a church, with a Gothic style, built by the Stanleys in 1722; it has a tower, a stanley pew, which is accessible by a stairway from the outside, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys., the church is an Anglican church at the end of a lane in the village of Nether Alderley; it is a church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a stanley pew, which is accessible by a stairway, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. The tower, This is the church of Saint Mary, Nether Alderley. There is a church of Saint Mary, Nether Alderley. There is a church of Saint Mary, Nether Alderley, a church of the Anglicans, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is Saint Mary, nether Alderley. The church is Saint Mary, nether Alderley, a church of the Anglicans, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is a church of the Anglicans, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is a church, a church, a church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is a church, a church, a church, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a stanley, which is in a box on the outside of the church, a 14th century font, a 16th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. The tower, a stanley, is in a box on the outside of the church, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. In Saint Mary, nether Alderley, the church is a church of the Anglicans, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is a church, a church, a church, founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church is an Anglican church, located at the end of a lane in the village of Nether Alderley, England; it is an Anglican church, built in the Gothic style, and was founded by the Stanleys in 1722. The church has a tower, a stanley pew, which is accessible by a staircase, a 14th century font, a 14th century font, and a monument to the Stanleys. His plan is as follows: a tower at the west end, a four-inch bay nave, with north and south aisles, a chancel, with a vestry to its north and a south porch. Over the north aisle is a dormer window... His plan is as follows: a tower on the west, a nave with a nave-window with north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to its north and a south porch. The south porch has a dormer window... the tower has diagonal fortresses... the west door has the 14th-century mouldings of the 14th-century and above the door a three-light window.... On the south porch a dormer window... He will have a tower at the west end, a four-foot bay nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and a south aisle. Above this, the window on all sides has two lights. His plan is: a tower at the west, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north, and a south aisle. On the south aisle is a dormer window... over the north aisle is a dormer window... Above this, the belfry windows on all sides have two lights... Above this, the window on all sides has two lights... on the north aisle is a dormer window... the tower has diagonal fortresses... the west door has 14th-century brackets and above it a three-light window... The plan is: a tower on the west, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to the north and south aisles. His plan is: a tower on the west, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to the north and south aisles. On the south aisle is a dormer window... on the north aisle is a dormer window... on the north aisle is a dormer window... on the south aisle is a dormer window... the tower has diagonal fortresses... the west door has 14th-century brackets and above it a three-light window... On the south aisle is a dormer window... on the north aisle is a dormer window... the south aisle is a dormer window... on the north aisle is a dormer window... on the south aisle is a dormer window... in the south aisle is a dormer window... in the north aisle is a dormer window... on the south aisle is a dormer window... in the south aisle is a dormer window... He is to build a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry to the north and south aisles. He has a tower at the west end, a four-foot bay nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles. The south aisle is a dormer window. The north aisle is a dormer window. The south aisle is a dormer window. The north aisle is a dormer window. The west door has the 14th-century windows and above it a three-light window... The south aisle is a dormer window. The south aisle is a dormer window... The north aisle is a dormer window... the south aisle is a dormer window... the south aisle is a dormer window... the south aisle is a dormer window... the west door has the 14th-century mouldings and above it a three-light window... There is a tower at the west end, a four-foot bay nave with north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles. The tower at the west end is a four-foot bay nave, with north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles. His plan is as follows: a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles. The south aisle is a dormer window. The north aisle is a dormer window. The south aisle is a dormer window. The south aisle is a dormer window. The west door has 14th century moldings and above it a three-light window... south aisle is a dormer window. The south aisle is a dormer window... south aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... south aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... east aisle is a dormer window... west aisle is a dormer window... east aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... east aisle is a dormer window... north aisle is a dormer window... east aisle is a dormer window... His plan is as follows: a tower on the west, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles; a tower at the west end, a nave with a nave, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles. The south aisle is a dormer window, the north aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the north aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window... The tower is at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; the tower is at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles; the tower at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with a vestry in the north and south aisles; the south aisle is a dormer window, the north aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the north aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer His plan is as follows: a tower on the west, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles. The tower is at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; the tower is at the west end, a nave with a nave window, north and south aisles, a chancel with vestry in the north and south aisles; the south aisle is a dormer window; the south aisle is a dormer window; the west aisle is a dormer window; the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the south aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a dormer window, the west aisle is a do The other side of the church was the memorial of his son edward stanley, his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet... Inscribed in brass, on the side of the memorial, were the figures of his widow and children... The memorial was placed on the other side of the church by the memorial of his son edward stanley, his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet.... Inscribed on the memorial were figures of his widow and children. Lady stanley sat in the middle with her four sons surviving, five daughters surviving, and three children who had died at a young age at her knee and on her lap.... There is a memorial tablet to Rev... There is a memorial on the other side of the church — the memorial of his son Edward stanley, his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. Inscribed on the memorial were the figures of his widow and children. The stained glass in the east window, dated 1856, was by william wailes. The glass in the south window, dated 1909, was made by morris & co. — The statues of his widow and children were engraved on the memorial in brass. Lady stanley sat in the middle, with four sons surviving, five daughters surviving, and three children who had died young at a young age at her knees and on her lap... The other side of the church was the memorial of his son Edward stanley, his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial was engraved in brass on the side of the memorial. There was a memorial of the Rev... There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg... The stained glass in the east window of the north aisle dated 1920 is by irene dunlop. The memorial of the Rev... The memorial of his son Edward stanley was placed on the other side of the church. His effigy held a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. The figures of his widow and children were engraved on the memorial. Lady Stanley sat in the middle, with four sons, five daughters and three children who died young at a young age at her knees and on her lap... The east window in the north aisle, dated 1920, is by irene dunlop. The church bells began in 1629 and the registers in 1612.... There is a memorial on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial is in brass on the side of the church. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the side of the church. The effigy of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the side of the church, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. The statues of his widow and children are engraved on the memorial. Lady stanley sat in the middle with four sons, five daughters and three children who died young at a young age at her knees and on her lap. The east window in the north aisle dated 1920 is engraved by irene dunlop. The east window dated 1920 is engraved in brass. There is a memorial in the north aisle, on the left of the pulpit, by the family of greg... The monument was engraved in brass on the side of the monument. The statues of his widow and children were engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg... There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. On the memorial are the figures of his widow and children. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. On the memorial are the figures of his widow and children. There is a memorial in the north aisle, on the left of the pulpit, by the family of greg... There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. There is a memorial on the side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet... There is a memorial in the north aisle, on the left of the pulpit, by the family of greg... There is a memorial in the north aisle, on the left of the pulpit, by the family of greg... The memorial is engraved in brass. Lady stanley sits in the middle with four sons, five daughters, three children who died young at a young age, at her knees and on her lap. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog at his feet. The memorial of his widow and children is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial is engraved in brass on the side of the memorial. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial of his widow and children was engraved on the memorial. Lady Stanley sat in the middle with four sons, five daughters, three children who died young at a young age at her knees and on her lap. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. On the memorial are the figures of his widow and children. the memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet, a memorial of his widow and children. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet, the memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, the memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial, the memorial of his widow and children is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial of his widow and children is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial in the north aisle, on the left of the pulpit by the family of greg. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial of his widow and children is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward stanley, holding a scroll in his hand and a dog in his feet. The memorial of his widow and children is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. The memorial of his son Edward stanley is engraved on the memorial. There is a memorial in the north aisle on the left of the pulpit by the greg family... There is a memorial on the other side of the church, the memorial of his son Edward The roof is reddish-brown sandstone with kerridgestones on the haughty roof..... it is a rectangular structure of three storeys and a three-storey south-facing façade. The central bay is a door with a bas-relief, above which is the bas-relief of the stanley, a three-storey light window, and a date plaque in the gable. He is a rectangular building of three stories, and a south-facing façade. The roof is reddish-brown sandstone with kerridgestones. The columns are at the end of the central pier; the bas-reliefs of the staircase; a light-shaft, three stories high, and a date plaque in the gable. On the sides of the upper pier are three four-foot-high light windows. The yew-tree in the churchyard is a 100-year-old tree. It is a rectangular house of three stories, and has a south-facing facade. Its roof is reddish-brown sandstone with kerridgestones... The columns are at the end of the central pier, the bas-reliefs of the stairs, a light-shaft, three stories high, and a date plaque in the gable. The yew-tree in the churchyard is a 100-year-old tree.... It was known that there was a vault under the church, containing the remains of the stanley family, but they did not know where it was until an architect discovered it in 2007.... It is a rectangular building of three stories, with a south-facing façade. It has a roof that is reddish-brown with kerbings. The columns are at the end of the central pier, the bas-reliefs of the stairs, a light shaft, three stories high, and a date plaque in the gable. - it is a rectangle, with a south-facing façade. The roof is reddish-brown sandstone with kerbings... It is a rectangular building of three stories, with a south-facing façade. It is a small building of three stories and has a south-facing façade. - the yew-tree in the gable is a 100-year-old tree... it is known that there was a vault under the church, containing the remains of the stanleys, but they did not know where it was until the architect... The wood is reddish-brown sandstone with kerbings... The wood is a rectangular building of three stories and has a south-facing facade. It is a rectangle, with a south-facing façade. It is a rectangle, with a south-facing façade. It is a rectangular building with three stories and a south-facing façade. The roof is reddish-brown sandstone with kerbings... It is known that the church has a vault, containing the remains of the stanleys, but they didn't know where it was until the architect...... The yew tree in the churchyard is a 100-year-old tree. The columns are at the end of the central pier, the bas-reliefs of the staircase, the light shaft, three stories high, and the date plaque in the gable. The yew tree in the churchyard is a 100-year-old tree... it is known that there was a vault under the church, containing the stanleys, but they did not know where it was until the architect...