 The amps were an American indie rock band. The band was formed by kim deal in 1995 after the band the breeding dogs had gone on hiatus. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs' jim macpherson, drums. They were an American rock band. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the band the breeding dogs was about to go on hiatus. The band members were kim deal, vocals, and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs’ drummer jim macpherson, drums. The band was called Tammy and the amps when kim deal called herself Tammy and the amps. It was recorded in Ireland and the United States. Tammy and the amps was released in October 1995. They were American indie rock. It was formed by kim deal in 1995 when the band the breeding dogs was about to stop. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer, jim macpherson, drums. The band was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the band the breeding dogs was going to stop. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson, drums. They went to the United States, Europe, and Australia, and a group of bands, such as frog-heads, fiends, and sonic youth, performed by voices. The critics of the band described the loose and rough nature of the performances. It was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the band the breeding dogs was on hiatus. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer, jim macpherson. The band was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the band the breeding dogs was going to be stopped. The band was composed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer, jim macpherson drums. It was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to be stopped. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to be stopped. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson drums. The critics of the band described the loose and sloppy nature of the performances. The amps were American rock. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the band the breeding dogs was going to stop. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They were American indie rock. It was formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs was going to stop. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson..... They toured in the United States, Europe, Australia, and a group of voices, like the frogs, the fiends, and the sonic youth. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson drums. You could call the band Tammy and the amps. The band was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to end. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to end. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer, jim macpherson drums. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer, jim macpherson drums. They were an American rock band. They toured in the United States, Europe, Australia, and a group of voices, such as frogs, frogs, and sonic youth. The critics of the band described the loose and dirty performance. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. The band was formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They toured in the United States, Europe, and Australia, a group of voices, such as frogs, monsters, and sonic youth. The critics of the band said that the performance was rough and uncontrolled. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the drummer of the breeding dogs, jim macpherson. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. It consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They were an American rock band. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They were formed by kim deal in 1995 when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They were formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. They were formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. The band consisted of kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. The band formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. The band formed by kim deal, vocals and guitars, luis lerma, bass, nate farley, guitars, and the breeding dogs drummer jim macpherson. The band formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. They formed by kim deal in 1995, when the breeding dogs were going to stop. But later, kelley pulled out of the project for rehabilitation and moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota... she recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar... But they established a new group. a long time later kelley had to put up with the rehabilitation project and moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota... She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar... for fun she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy and the amps... but the band was renamed Tammy and the amps... but they started a new band... they released one album, 'Bodhisattva', which was recorded in several different studios... a long time later kelley had to put up with the rehabilitation work and went to Saint Paul, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. But they set up a new band. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps... but the band was renamed Tammy amps... but they started a new band... they released a CD called Bodhisattva, which was recorded in several different studios... but the band was renamed Tammy amps... and they started a new band... they released one album, Bodhisattva, recorded in various studios... but they had a first session at easley studios in memphis, tennessee, a couple of days before, which was arranged by davis mccain and doug easley. Then kelley left the rehabilitation project and went to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. But the group was started. Several days later kelley had to submit to rehabilitation and moved to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, nate farley for guitar. They had one session at easley studios in memphis, Tennessee, in the morning, which was arranged by davis mccain and doug easley. After the easley studios session, a sixth session of pacer's music continued at six other studios, in the cities of chicago, los angeles, dublin, and the hometown of the actor in dayton, ohio. But they established a new group. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps... but the band was called Tammy amps... but they set up a new band... they released a CD called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but they started a new band... they released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in various studios... but they had a first session at easley studios in memphis, tennessee, a couple of days earlier, arranged by davis mccain and easley. He began a few days later to undergo a rehabilitation and went to Saint Paul, Minnesota. But he started a new band, and they released one album, Bodhisattva, recorded in several different studios. But they began a new band, and they released one album, Bodhisattva, recorded in several different studios. He had a first session at easley studios in Memphis, Tennessee, the day before, arranged by davis mccain and doug easley. But they established a new band. Soon after the rehabilitation project, kelley decided to go to Saint Paul, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. He toured in a guided tour with chavez in the United Kingdom in september, in London, glasgow, and sheffield, and then again in october for a tour of the guided tour with chavez in ohio. But they started a new band. Several days later kelley left the rehab and moved to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. He hired macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. But he started a new band. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps... but the band was called Tammy amps... but they started a new band... they released a CD called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but they started a new band... they released a single album called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but they had a first session at easley studios in memphis, Tennessee a couple of days ago, arranged by davis mccain and easley. But soon after he had completed his rehabilitation he had decided to go to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. But he had established a new band. A few days later kelley quitted the rehabilitation and went to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. He recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, nate farley for guitar. He began to tour in the United Kingdom in the month of September, in London, glasgow and sheffield, and in October in october in a tour of the tour of the tour of the tour of chavez in ohio. But he started a new band. Several days later kelley left the rehabilitation and moved to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota, she recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, and nate farley for guitar. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps, but the band was called Tammy amps, but they started a new band, they released a CD called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios, but they started a new band, they released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but they started a new band, they released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but they started a new band, they released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but they had a first session at easley studios in Memphis, Tennessee a few days before, arranged by davis mccain and easley. Several days after the rehabilitation, kelley decided to go to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. But a long time later, he took his rehabilitation and went to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, nate lerma for bass, nate farley for guitar. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps, but the band was called Tammy amps, but they called the band Tammy amps, but they called it Tammy amps, but they called it Tammy amps, but they called it Tammy amps, but they started a new band, they released a CD called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but they called it Tammy amps, but they called it Tammy amps, but they started a new band, they released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but they had a first session at easley studios in memphis, Tennessee the day before yesterday, arranged by davis mccain and easley. But they set up a new band. He had visited the United Kingdom in September in London, glasgow and sheffield, and again in October in october in the tour of the tour of the tour of chavez in ohio. But they established a new band. They did a guided tour with chavez in the United Kingdom in September, in London, glasgow and sheffield, and in October in october, in the tour of chavez in ohio. Several days later, kelley left the rehabilitation and went to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, lisin for bass, and farley for guitar. But they started a new band. And a few days later, kelley left the rehabilitation and went to Saint-Petersburg, Minnesota. She recruited macpherson for drums, lisin for bass, and farley for guitar. The first session they had at easley studios in memphis, Tennessee, on the morning of the first, arranged by davis mccain and easley. But they started a new band. They began to tour in the United States in But a long time later he started to take on his rehabilitation and went to Saint Petersburg, Minnesota. But he set up a new band, and he released a new album, Bodhisattva, recorded in various studios... but he set up a new band, he released a new album, Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but he set up a new band, he released a new album, Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but he started a new band, he released a new album, Bodhisattva, recorded in several studios... but he started a new band... he launched a new band, he released a new band, he released a new band, he released a new band, he released a new band, he released a new band, he released a new band, he released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but he started a new band... he started a new band, he called himself Tammy Ampersand, he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he called himself Tammy amps, but he started a new band, he released one album called Bodhisattva, recorded in different studios... but he first lasted at the easley studios in memphis, Tennessee, a few days ago, arranged by davis mccain and easley. But he started a new band. Then kelley quit the rehabilitation and moved to Saint Petersburg, Minnesota. He recruited macpherson for drums, he had a bass, he had a guitar, but he started a new band. For fun, she called herself Tammy Ampersand and the band Tammy amps, but the band was called Tammy amps, but they called it Tammy amps, but they started a new band, they released a For example, a review in the chinese reader of the same concert observed that "the amps play a low and "friendship" sound... " A review in the Chicago magazine of the same concert noted that "the amps play a low and "friendship" sound... " The phoenix's matt ashare felt that at their december 1995 show in boston, "the amps didn't click in a way that might suggest that this was "the new, full band"; and he added that it was "an unpretentiously merry way for the fox to blow off some steam while the breeders had a little rest... " For example, in the Chinese edition of the same concert, a review of the amps said: "They play a low and friendly...".. In Boston, rock people called this concert as "sloppy," but "with charm... " In the journal of the same concert, a review in the chinese reader of the same concert said: "The amps play a low and friendly... " A review in the Chicago magazine of the same concert noted that "the amps play a low and friendly... " At the same concert in the same Chinese edition, a review of the amps said: “They play a low and friendly...” In the same concert, a review in the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play a low and friendly...” ; in the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play a low and friendly...” ; in the journal of the same concert, a review in the chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play a low and friendly...”, but the phoenix's matt ashare felt that at their December 1995 show in boston, the amps did not strike the notes that might indicate that this was the "new, complete" band; he added that it was "an indecent and cheerful way for the fox to breath a little steam while the breeders rested." “The cat’s matt ashare felt that at their December concert in Boston the amps did not “bring in” the notes that would have suggested that it was the ‘new, complete’ band; he added that it was ‘a charming and indecent way for the fox to draw a little steam while the breeders were resting.’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, the chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ At the same concert, in the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ In the same concert, in the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: ‘The amps play low and friendly...’ And meanwhile, kelley decided that she would not wait any longer to reform the band, in part because the repertoire of the breeders was larger than the amps, thereby allowing longer concerts. In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." The phoenix felt that in the December 1995 concert in Boston the amps did not "release" the notes that could suggest that it was the "new"; and he added that it was "a charming and indecent way for the fox to breathe a little steam while the breeders rest." The same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." The same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: "The amps play low and friendly..." The cat's matt ashare thought that at the December concert in Boston, the amps did not hit the notes that could have imply that it was "the new complete"; he added that it was "a charming and indecent way for the fox to breath a little steam while the breeders rested." The same concert, in the same concert, the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” The cat’s matt ashare thought that in the December concert in Boston, the amps did not “open” the notes that might indicate that it was the “new”; and added that it was “a charming and indecent way for the fox to breath a little steam while the breeders are still resting.” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low and friendly...” In the same concert, in the same concert, the Chinese edition of the same concert said: “The amps play low They are doing a double play in the spring of 2013... the last of the brothers kim, kelley, wiggs and smuggled the band out for a tour in celebration of the twentyth anniversary of that album.