 For the record, otra nota (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony which was released on February 26, 1993 by rmm records. The album was produced by Sergio George, and was the first to be recorded in salsa. It was the first album which anthony had ever recorded in salsa, having begun his career as a freestyle musician. As a matter of fact, otra nota (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, released by rmm Records on February 26, 1993. The album was produced by Sergio George, and was the first album in salsa. It was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. Having begun his career as a free-style musician, it was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. " Here's another note," is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM Records on February 26, 1993. The album was produced by Sergio George and was the first to be recorded in salsa. It was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa, since he had started his career as a free-style musician. The album had three singles: hasta que te conoci, palabras del alma, and si tu no te fueras, which were all charted in the first year of the Hot Latin Songs chart. anthony was well received by critics, who complimented the production and anthony’s young voice. On the other hand, the otra nota (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM on February 26, 1993. It was produced by Sergio George and was the first album of salsa, the first album Anthony had ever recorded in salsa, since his early career as a free singer. It was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. The first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa, he began his career as a free singer. Anthony was well received by critics, who praised the composition and the young voice of Anthony. For example, here's another note (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM on February 26, 1993. The album was composed by Sergio George and was the first to be recorded in salsa. The album was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. This was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. Having started out in the free music, it was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. On the other hand, here’s another note, which is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM on February 26, 1993. It was produced by Sergio George, and was the first album he recorded in salsa. The album was the first album he had ever recorded in salsa, in his early career as a free-style singer. Anthony was well received by critics, who praised the composition and the young voice of Anthony. The album was the first album Anthony had ever recorded in salsa. Anthony started out in the free-style music scene with the first record. Then, otra nota (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, released by rmm on February 26, 1993. The album was produced by Sergio George, and was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa, since his early career as a singer. Anthony began his career in free-style music with the release of his album, "The evening is over," and the first hit was "riding the rhythm," a number, in the song list of the Hot Latin Songs. It was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. It was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. Having started his career in the free music, it was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. On the other hand, here's another note (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM Records on February 26, 1993. It was composed by Sergio George, and was the first album of salsa. This was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. He began his career as a free singer with the release of his album “The evening’s over” and had the first hit, “Riding on the Saddle,” which had been listed in the Songs of the Year for the first time. Then he released otra nota (English: Another Note) on February 26, 1993 by rmm. The otra nota (English: Another Note) was the debut album of american singer marc anthony, released by RMM on February 26, 1993. The album was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa, when he began his career as a free-label musician. This was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. It was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. The first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. Anthony started his career in the free-label world with the first album. This album was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. It was the first album Anthony had recorded in salsa. Anthony's debut album was the first he had recorded in salsa. It was the first he had recorded in salsa, having begun his career as a free-label musician. Anthony was well received by critics, who praised the production and the young voice of Anthony. Then here's another note (English: another note) is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM Records on February 26, 1993. The album was composed by Sergio George and was the first he had recorded in salsa. Then the album was the first that Anthony had recorded in salsa. Anthony began his career in the free-label music by recording his album "Young Man", which was in the Top 100 in the Songs of the Hot Latin Songs Chart. Then the "Young Man" is the debut album of american singer marc anthony, which was released by RMM Records on February 26, 1993. The album was the first that Anthony had recorded in salsa. It was the first album that Anthony had recorded in salsa. This album was the first that Anthony had recorded in salsa. ... The first track is the title track, palabras del alma... This is a cover of a song originally composed and written by ilan chester... “Si tu no te fueras” (”If you did not leave,” - ) - was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez... “Little Bill” was composed by anthony's father, felipe muniz. “El ultimo beso” (”If you do not leave”) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez..... “ " El ultimo beso" ('If you've not left') was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. " " The end of the beso" ('If you've not left') was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "It's you who make it,' - wrote by sergio george co. " This is a cover of a song originally composed and written by ilan chester... "El ultimo beso" ('If you've not left') was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez... - " Lil' Bill" was composed by anthony's father, felipe muniz. The first track is the title, Palabras del Alma. The second, the last, the “si he de morir” (‘If I were to die’) was composed by luis diaz. “El ultimo beso” (‘if you’re not leaving’) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. ‘El ultimo beso’ (‘if you’re not leaving’) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. ‘El ultimo beso’ (‘if you’re not leaving’) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. ‘The end of the beso’ (‘if you’re not leaving’) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. ‘ Little Bill’ was composed by anthony’s father, felipe muniz. It's you who made it," wrote Sergio George Co. " El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. " El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track is the title, the palabras del Alma. The second, the last, "si he de morir" (if I were to die) was composed by luis diaz. - "El ultimo beso" (if you're not going), was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you're not going) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. - "Little bill" was composed by anthony's father, felipe muniz. "El ultimo beso" (if you're not going) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you're not going) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first song is called "palabras del alma". The second and the last, "he de morir" (if I die) was composed by luis diaz.'The end of the beso' (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'The last beso' (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "It's you who made it," wrote Sergio Georges Co. "It's you who make it," wrote sergio Georges Co. 'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso" (if you don't leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. And the 'ultimo beso' (if you are not leaving) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you are not leaving) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you are not leaving) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track is called Palabras del Alma; the second and the third are 'he de morir' (if I die) - was composed by luis diaz. 'El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'The ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'The ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. " The ultimo beso' (if you do not leave) was composed by This is a cover of a song by ilan chester.'He doesn't leave,' says he.'He doesn't leave,' says he.'He doesn't leave,' says he.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. 'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. "El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track is called Palabras del Alma; the second and third are 'he de morir' (if I die) is composed by luis diaz. 'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez.'El ultimo beso' (if you don't leave) is composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. This is a cover of a song originally composed and written by ilan chester... “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. The first track is called Palabras del Alma; the second and third are “he de morir” (if I die) was composed by luis diaz. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gutierrez. “El ultimo beso” (if you don’t leave) was composed by nelson frank and jaime gut In 1994, anthony was awarded a billboard latin music award for "new artist in the season of tropical/salsa" and "new artist of the year." " No. 3 out of 4 stars," he added, observing that although the market was sceptical about anthony's talents, he reflected that "he may be the best of all the babes in the salsa market." And he also praised the singers' excellent singing, and described the album as a noble effort, though he criticized anthony's "feelings" on the cover of "I'll make it with you. " In 1994 he was given a billboard latin music award for "new artiste in the genre of tropical, salsa" and "new artist of the year. " And he was praised for the excellent singing of the singers and regarded the album as a noble effort, whereas he did not condemn Anthony's "feelings" on the cover of "I'll have a good time."