 The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, josselin de dynan, jocelin de dinan, joceas de dinan, died 1166) was anglo-Norman nobleman who lived in England during and after the civil war between king stephen of england and his cousin matilda over the throne of england. jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, joce de dynan, jocelin de dinan, or joceas de dinan; died 1166). He was a landowner in the Welsh marches when he was married by stephen to the widow of pain fitzjohn, who was a union which gave jose possession of ludlow. Other noblemen disputed the possession of the castle, and the result of this fighting is the background of a medieval romance called ‘Foote le fitz waryn’, which is mostly concerned with the actions of jose’s grandson, but also with some material on jose’s life. The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, josselin de dynan, jocelin de dinan, or joceas de dinan, died 1166) was a French gentleman, who lived in England, after the civil war between King Charles the Great and his cousin Matilda, over the throne of England. He was a landowner in the Welsh Marlborough, when he was married by stephen to the widow of paine fitzjohn, a union which gave him possession of Ludlow. He had been a landowner in the Welsh Marlboroughs when he was married by stephen to the widow of the widow of a disgraceful fitzjohn, who was a union which gave him possession of Ludlow. After king henry i died in 1135, the succession was disputed between the nephews of the king, stephen and his brother, theobald, Count of Champagne, and king henry ii's legitimate son Matilda, usually called the empress matilda, for her first marriage to the holy roman emperor, henry v. The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, josselin de dynan, jocelin de dinan, joceas de dinan), he died 1166) was a French nobleman who lived in England, after the civil war between King Charles the Great and his cousin Matilda, over the throne of England. He was a landowner in the Welsh Marlborough when he was married by stephen to the widow of the disgraceful fitzjohn, a union which gave him Ludlow. He was a landowner in the Welsh Marlborough when he was married by stephen to the widow of a disgraceful Fitzjohn, who had given him Ludlow. He was a landowner in the Welsh Marlborough when he was married by stephen to the widow of the widow of a disgraceful Fitzjohn, who had given him Ludlow. After king henry died in 1135, a dispute arose between the nephews of the king, stephen and his brother, theobald, Count of Champagne, and king henry ii’s legitimate son Matilda, usually called the empress matilda, after her first marriage to the holy Roman emperor, henry v. – a dispute which became the subject of a medieval romance entitled Foote le Fitz Waryn, which deals chiefly with the actions of the grandson of jose, but also with some hints on the life of jose. Having left his father in 1125, she went back to her father, who married her to geoffrey, count of Anjou. All the noblemen disputed the inheritance of the castle, and the result of this struggle was the backdrop of a medieval romance called “Foote le Fitz Waryn”, which was written mostly about the activities of jose's grandson, but also about some more details about jose's life. The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, josselin de dynan, jocelin de dinan, or joceas de dinan, died 1166) was a French nobleman, who lived in England after the civil war between King Charles the Great and his cousin Matilda, over the throne of England. He was a landowner in the Welsh Marlborough, when he was married by stephen to the widow of the disgraceful Fitzjohn, who had given him Ludlow. Then king henry died in 1135, there was a dispute between the nephews of the king, stephen and his brother, theobald, Count of Champagne, and king henry ii's legitimate son Matilda, called the empress matilda, for her first marriage to the holy Roman Emperor, henry v., which is the subject of a medieval romance called Foote le Fitz Waryn, which is mostly concerned with the grandson of jose, but also with some hints about jose's life. The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, josselin de dynan, jocelin de dinan, joceas de dinan, died 1166) was a French gentleman who lived in England after the civil war between King Charles the Great and his cousin Matilda, over the throne of England. In 1135, a dispute broke out between the nephews of the king, stephen and his brother, theobald, Count of Champagne, and king henry ii's legitimate son Matilda, usually called empress matilda, for her first marriage to the holy Roman Emperor, henry v. - a dispute that prompted a medieval romance called Foote le Fitz Waryn, which was mainly concerned with the actions of the grandson of jose, but also with some details about jose's life. The general jose de dinan (sometimes josselin de dinan, jocelin de dinan, joceas de dinan), died 1166) was a French gentleman who lived The younger son of George de Dinan and radegonde orieldis, who had two older brothers, oliver of dinan and alan of becherel..... josce's family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie chibnall said of him, "Some obscure breton adventurer... " Joseph was the younger son of George de Dinan and R. O. radegonde orieldis, who had two older brothers, Oliver de Dinan and Alan de Belcherel... While in the marching he was married to the Prince Stephen s household. - The younger son of George de Dinan and Remandou, who had two elder brothers, oliver de Dinan and alan de Becherel... - - josce moved from devon in southern england to the welsh marches, the border between england and wales, because the lords of monmouth were of breton descent... For this reason he joined the Prince Stephen’s family. Joseph was the younger son of George de Dinan and R. O. radegonde orieldis, who had two older brothers, Oliver de Dinan and Alan de Belcherel... The Prince Stephen’s family came from brittany, and the historian Marjorie chibnall said of him: “A certain obscure breton adventurer.” On his marriage, Joseph also had control of the castle, which was built in the 11th century. “A large and important strategic place to control the welsh borders, and stephen decided to marry the widow of the saviour to someone he thought trustworthy. ” The younger son of George de Dinan and radegonde orieldis, who had two elder brothers, oliver de Dinan and alan de Belcherel... The younger son of George de Dinan and Romonde Obelly, who had two older brothers, oliver de Dinan and alan de Belcherel... Joseph's family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph was the younger son of George de Dinan and Romonde Obelly, who had two older brothers, oliver de Dinan and alan de Belcherel... Joseph was married to the family of Prince Stephen. As a bridegroom, he married the household of the Prince Stephen... Joseph's family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer... " Joseph's family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: “A certain obscure breton adventurer...” Joseph's position was so strong that when stephen granted much of the area of south shropshire to robert de Beaumont, earl of leicester, ludlow was exempted... - Joseph's position was so great that stephen forbade robert de Beaumont to take possession of ludlow, ludlow was specifically exempted... Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer’. Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer’... Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer’... Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian Marjorie Chibnall said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer.’ Joseph’s position was so great that stephen forbade robert de Beaumont to acquire ludlow, specifically ludlow was exempted. Joseph’s position was so great that stephen forbade robert de Beaumont to acquire ludlow, and ludlow was exempted specifically. Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer.’ Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer’. Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer...’ The younger son of George de Dinan and Renée Obelly, who had two elder brothers, oliver de Dinan and alan de Belcherel... During the march, Joseph married the Prince Stephen’s family. As a bridegroom, he married the family of the Prince Stephen... Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: ‘Some obscure breton adventurer...’ Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer”. Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s position was so great that when Stephen granted a large part of the area of southern wales to Oliver de Dinan and Alan de Belcherel, Joseph seized... Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer”. Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of him: “Some obscure breton adventurer.” Joseph’s family was from brittany, and the historian, Marjorie Chibnall, said of while josce was absent from Ludlow, gilbert de lacy took the castle. While josce was away, gilbert de lacy took the castle. He led his army to attack the castle, but he was not successful in retaking it, and went to lambourn with his army... Once from Ludlow, Gilbert de Lacy captured the castle. He led his army to attack the castle, but was unable to regain it, and he went to lambourn with his army. Although the date of this incident is unknown, it seems that it occurred about 1150 or even earlier. And when Gilbert de Lacy took Ludlow, he took the castle from him. While Gilbert de Lacy was absent, he took the castle from him. After Ludlow had been taken, he gave the place to the son of matilda – the son of matilda’s son. Once, when josce was away, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle. He led his army to attack the castle, but could not capture it and went to lambourn with his army. At Ludlow, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle from him. While Gilbert de Lacy was away, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle. Once Gilbert de Lacy captured Ludlow, he took the castle from him. He commanded his army to attack the castle, but he did not get back it, and he went to lambourn with his army. At this time in 1156, josce held lands in the shires, wiltshire, hampshire, devonshire and somerset. He owned the manor of lambourn, which cost £76 a year, and the manor of Stamford (which is now known as Stamford Fitzwarren in wiltshire), in addition to the estates scattered about other counties. He had a grandson, fulk fitzwarin, who died in 1258, who is supposed to be the hero of a lost romantic poem called fouke le fitz waryn... The time is unknown, but it seems that it occurred in 1150, or even earlier. At this time, in 1156, josce owned the shires of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire, and somerset. He had the manor of lambourn, which cost a year’s rent, and the manor of Stamford, which is now called Stamford Fitzwarren in Wiltshire, as well as other landed properties scattered about the county. He had a grandson, fulk fitzwarin, who died in 1258, who was supposed to be the hero of a lost romantic poem, fouke le fitz waryn... while gilbert de Lacy was away, he took the castle. Once, while gilbert de Lacy was away, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle. While Gilbert de Lacy was away, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle. Once, when Gilbert de Lacy took Ludlow, Gilbert de Lacy took the castle from him. He commanded his army to attack the castle, but he could not capture it, and he went to lambourn with his army. Gilbert de Lacy took Ludlow from him. Gilbert de Lacy took the castle from him. He had a grandson, fulk fitzwarin, who died in 1258, who is supposed to be the hero of a lost romantic poem called "Fluke le fitz waryn" (Excuse me, but it appears that he has confused the events of fulk fitzwarin's life with the history of his grandfather's At that time, in 1156, there were land in the counties of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire, and somerset. He owned the manor of Lambourn, which cost a year’s rent, and the manor of Stamford, which is called Stamford Fitzwarren in Wiltshire, and several other estates scattered throughout the county. Once, when Gentry was absent from Ludlow, Gentry took the castle, Gentry was there, and Gentry was there, taking possession of it, and Gentry took possession of it, and when Gentry was absent, Gentry took possession of it. Gentry took possession of it while Gentry was away, and Gentry took possession of the castle, he had his own army at his command to attack the castle, but he could not recapture it and went to Yennou. Gentry had a grandson, Gentry, who died in 1258, who is said to be the hero of a lost romantic poem, the fouke le fitz waryn. At that time, in 1156, Gentry had possession of the shires of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire, and somerset; he had the manor of Lambourn, which cost £76 a year, and the manor of Stamford, which is now called Stamford Fitzwaryn in Wiltshire, as well as the other estates scattered over the country. Once, Gentry took Ludlow, Gentry took the castle. When Gentry took it, Gentry took it from him. When Gentry took it from him, Gentry took it from him. Gentry took it from him, Gentry took it from him. Once, Gentry took it from him, Gentry took it from him. What happened in this story is not known, but it seems that it happened about 1150 or even earlier. At that time, in 1156, Jew owned the shires of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire, and somerset. He had the shire of Lambourn, which cost a year's rent, and the shire of Stamford, which is called Stamford Fitzwarren in Wiltshire, and several other estates scattered about the shire. Once Jew took Ludlow, Jew took the castle, he commanded his army to attack the castle, but he could not retake it, he went to lambourn with his army. Once Jew took Ludlow, Jew took the castle, he led his army to attack the castle, but he could not regain it, and he went to Yennou. Once Jew took Ludlow, Jew took the castle, he led his army to attack the castle, but he could not regain it, and he went to lambourn with his army. At that time, Jew had the shires of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire and somerset; he owned the shire of Lambourn, which cost £76 a year, and the shire of Stamford, which is called Stamford-Firm in Wiltshire, and several other estates in the county. One time when Jew was away, he took the shire, he took the castle; he had his army to attack the castle, but could not regain it, and he went to Yennou. Once when Jew was absent, Jew took the castle; Jew took it; Jew took it; Jew took it; Jew took it; Jew took it; Jew took it from him. Then when Jew was absent, Jew took the castle; he had an army in charge of the castle, but could not regain it, he went to La Liennou. At that time in 1156, Jew had possession of the counties of Wiltshire, Hampshire, Devonshire, and somerset; he had the manor of Lambourn, which cost a year, and the manor of Stamford, which is called Stamford