 “Arubha caves are a network of caves which lies on elephanta Island, or gharapuri, or “Cave of Caves,” which is located in the Arabian Sea, a little more than two miles (approximately five miles) east of the city of mumbai, in the indian state of maharashtra. The island, which is situated on the eastern edge of the arabian sea, is comprised of two groups of caves: the first consists of five hindu caves, the second consists of two smaller buddhist caves... " The "Arubha Caves" is a network of caves on the elephanta island, or Gharapuri, or the cave of the babas, in the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, and it is more than two miles (approximately five miles) from the city of mumbai in the state of maharashtra. The caves are constructed of solid basalt rock... " The caves are carved with rock of the brahma mantra, representing the shaiva mantra, dedicated to the lord shiva, the stone sculptures of the brahma mantra have been dated from the 5th to 8th centuries, although the identity of the stone-workers is still to be established. The Elephanta Caves, or Gharapuri, or the Babas Cave, is located in the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, and is only two kilometres (approximately five kilometres) from the city of mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The elephanta caves are an ancient network of caves on the Elephanta Island, or Gharapuri, or the Babas Cave, on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, and are located more than two kilometres (approximately five kilometres) from the city of mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra. This island is comprised of two caves: the first, the five hindu caves, the second, the two smaller Buddha caves. The caves are made of basalt... "The main cave (Figure 1), the great cave, was the place of worship of the hindu saints, until portuguese rule in 1534, after which the caves were severely destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, after a long period of neglect, and in 1987 it was listed as an Unesco World Heritage Site to preserve the works. The caves were originally painted in the past, but only traces remain. But in the ancient times, the place of worship had been occupied by a number of ancient monks. Its location, which is situated on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, consisted of two caves: the first, five-point hindu caves and the second, two-point Buddha caves. These caves were carved with a ritual of the Lord Shiva, to the tune of which the poem says: "Shiva Aditya - Bhakti-raadi, dedicated to Lord Shiva. The words of this sacred song have been ascribed to this cave from the 7th to the 8th centuries, and the stone carvings of the Brahma mantra have been used for some time, but it is not known. The abbot said: "Arubha caves are a collection of caves on the elephant-ady island, or Gharapuri, or the cave of the babas, which is located on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and more than two-and-a-half-miles (five-and-a-half-miles) from the city of mumbai, in the state of Maharashtra. This island is surrounded by two caves: the first is a five-way cave, the second two-way cave is a Buddha cave. The caves are built of solid basalt stone... ‘ This is an ancient network of caves on Elephanta Island, Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, located on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, a little more than two kilometres (five kilometres) from the city of mumbai in the state of Maharashtra, and the only caves on the island are: the first is a five-point hindu cave and the second two-point Buddha cave. It is situated on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and it is situated two kilometres (five kilometres) from the city of mumbai, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The main cave, which is an abode of the hindu monks, was built in the ancient times, but the ancient monks knew nothing about it. The caves were carved with a divine mantra, representing the shaiva mantra, the shaiva mantra, dedicated to Lord Shiva. The stone statues of the Brahma mantra date from the fifth to the eighth centuries, and the details of the Brahma mantra are not known. They were painted at first, but only traces are left, and the caves have been occupied by the monks of old. Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is located in the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, about two miles (five miles) from the city of mumbai in Maharashtra, and about two and a half miles from the city of mumbai in Maharashtra. The elephanta cave is located on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and is about two miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The caves are carved with a divine mantra and the Brahma mantra, the Brahma mantra, for the Dharma. Stone statues of Brahma mantra were carved from the 7th to the 8th centuries. The stone statues of Brahma mantra have been used for centuries, although they are not known. Elephanta Caves, Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and is about two and a half miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. This cave is in the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and it is about two and a half miles from the city of mumbai, in the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is situated on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and is about two and a half miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, in Maharashtra. The Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is an ancient cave on the Elephanta Island, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, and it is more than two and a half miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra. This cave is carved with a sacred mantra, the Shiva mantra, the guru mantra, dedicated to Lord Shiva. The stone statues of the Brahma mantra, which is the abstinent mantra, have been carved since the 7th to the eighth centuries, but it is not known how the stone sculptures of the Brahma mantra have been used. The caves are made of basalt. Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is situated in the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, about two miles (five miles) from the city of mumbai in the state of Maharashtra. This is an ancient cave in the Eastern Sea, a village on the South Coast, two miles (five miles) from the city of mumbai in Maharashtra. Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is situated on the eastern shore of the Arabian Sea, about two The caves were originally painted but they were not properly decorated, and they were all lost forever. The monks used to worship in this cave from the time of the Ramayana in the East. The saga of the Maharashtra caves on the Elephanta Island, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, and now there are two caves: one is a five-point hindu cave, the other two-point Buddha cave. The caves are made of basalt, and the other is a Buddha cave. Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is located on the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, two miles (five miles) from the city of mumbai in the Maharashtra state. It is located on the eastern edge of the Arabian Sea, two miles (five miles) from the city of mumbai, in Maharashtra, and the two-kilometer long by car. The cave is the epic pilgrimage of the ancient priests, and was built in the ancient days. The cave was built on the auspicious days, in the 7th to the eighth centuries, but the use of the stone in the Brahma hymns is not known. This cave is carved with a mantra, the holy sage chant, dedicated to the Lord Shiva, and is carved with the samsara mantra, the'superior' chant. The samsara chant is dated from the 7th to the eighth centuries, and the stone chant is unknown. It is carved with basalt... The samsara chant is carved from the fifth to the eighth centuries, and the stone chant is not known, and it is not known. Elephanta samsara samsara samsara samsara samsara, east of the Arabian Sea, two and a half miles from the city of mumbai in Maharashtra. This samsara, samsara samsara, east of the Arabian Sea, east of the Arabian Sea, two and a half miles from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra. Elephanta samsara samsara is the central part of the caves, the chief, the great, the great and the priest And so, in the history of the Maharashtra culture, the Maharashtra incense-course, there are many, many caves, from the Elephanta Cave or Gharapuri or Brahma Cave in the Eastern Sea, two and a half miles from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra. The incense-course is in the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, on the Eastern Sea, and is only two and a half miles from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra. The cave is in the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, on the eastern part of the Arabian Sea, and is more than two and a half miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra, India. The caves were built by the Jade Emperor in the eighth century, and the sacraments of the Brahma Mantra have not been identified. There are also two caves on the island, the first, the five-pointed cave and the second, the two-pointed Buddha cave. The caves are of basalt; Elephanta Cave, or Gharapuri, or Brahma Cave, is located on the eastern coast of the Arabian Sea, about two and a half miles from the city of mumbai, in Maharashtra, and two miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra, and it is located on the east of the Arabian Sea, two and a half miles (five and a half) from the city of mumbai, Maharashtra. This cave was built in the ancient times by the holy sages, and was carved in the holy samsara, and the Samsara is the supreme chant, which is dedicated to Lord Shiva, and the Swaroopaya, the chief chant, is not known. The stone sculptures of the Swaroopa are dated from the seventh to the eighth centuries, and it is unknown how the Swaroopa sculptures were carved. The caves were carved in the seventh and eighth centuries, and there is no precise date for the Brahma statues. The caves are made of basalt. The caves are made of basalt,...” Here the forest grows wild with a patch of mangoes, tamarinds and karanjali trees, where there are scattered palms. Besides, rice-fields are visible in the valley. At this spot, the forest is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjalis, and other fruit trees; along the edge, one can see palm trees scattered. The landing-bays are near three small villages: one is in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south... And, in the valley, there are rice fields. In this area, the forest is wild with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and on the edge of the forest are palm trees. There are also rice fields in the valley. Those three villages are near three small villages: one is in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south.... There are five caves on the western side of the island, the western side of which has five caves cut into rock, and the eastern one is made of two caves cut into rock with a few caves, two caves, two rock cisterns and a little wooden stupa. One of the caves on the eastern side is still unfinished... There are rice fields here. The region is wild with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees; along the edge of the forest one can see palms. The landing places are near three small villages: one in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south... And in the valley there are rice fields. The jungle is wild here with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees; palms scattered along the path. In the middle of the forest, there are a few trees and trees in the woods. This forest has mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali, and other fruits, and along the edge of the forest there are palm trees. The place has mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, besides there are palms scattered along the path. The monastery is set in the middle of the forest, and there are also small agricultural fields. The place has rice fields. These three villages are near three little villages: one in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south. There are also rice fields in the valley. The local belief is that the caves are man-made, there are trees here, there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, palms scattered along the path. There are some trees and plants in the forest here, there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees; here, at the end of the forest, there are palm trees. Here, the forest is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, there are palm trees on the edge of the forest, and there are also a few rice fields. The place is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees; along the path are a few trees. Besides, there are rice fields. The one nearest is in the north, the one in the northeast, and the other in the south. In this region, there are mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees, and along the edges of the forest are palm trees. There are also rice fields. There are a few trees and plants in the forest here, mangoes, tamarind, karanjali, and palm trees on the forest edge. Here the forest is wild, mangoes, tamarind, karanjali, and palm trees along the forest edge. There are also rice fields. There are also rice fields. These three villages are near three small villages: one is in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south... There are also rice fields in the valley. Here the forest is wild, there are mangoes, tamarind, karanjali trees, palm trees on the forest edge. There are also rice fields in the valley. These three villages are near three small villages: one in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south... There are some trees and plants in this forest, there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palms scattered along the road. The temple is in the middle of the forest, there are small fields. The village is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palms scattered along the path. There are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees; there are palms scattered along the path. The jungle here is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and there are palms scattered along the road. There are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, along the path there are few trees. Here the forest is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees; here at the end of the forest there are palm trees. The monastery is situated in the middle of the forest, and there are also little agricultural fields. The temple is situated in the middle of the forest, with small fields. There are also small fields. The three villages are near three little villages: one is in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south. There are also some rice fields. In the middle of the forest there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, along the path are few trees. The village is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palms scattered along the path. Here the forest is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palms scattered along the road. The forest here is wild, with mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees, and along the road are palms. There are also rice fields. In this area, there are mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees; there are palm trees on the edge of the forest. In this area there are trees, there are mangoes, tamarinds, and karanjali trees; on the edge of the forest are palm trees. These three villages are near three small villages: one in the north, one in the northeast, and one in the south. The monk is in the middle of the forest, and there are also rice fields. The local belief is that these caves are man-made, there are trees here, there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palm trees. This place is wild, there are mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, and palm trees along the path. Here the forest is wild, mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, palm trees along the path. There are trees and plants in the forest, mangoes, tamarinds, karanjali trees, along the path are palm trees. During the time when polytheism was widespread, the Elephanta main cave dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupata shaivism of the age, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas belong...., if a kinship with the Konkan Mauryas was once felt, the chalukyas, who had overthrown the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, are also believed to be the creators of the main cave in the 7th century... When polytheism was increasing, the Elephanta main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupata Vedas, of which Kalachuri and Konkan Mauryas were equal. It is believed that if the relationship between the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas was ever felt, the Chalukyas, who had overcome the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, were also believed to have created the main cave in the 7th century. The trimurti of the Elephanta with the three faces of the Vedas is in some ways like the trimurti of Brahma, vishnu and mahesh, which was the royal insignia of the Vedas. If a relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkan Mauryas ever evinced itself, then the Chalukyas, who had conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, were also thought to have created the main cave in the 7th century... Once polytheism had spread, the Elephanta main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. Later, it was called gharapuri, which was the title of a hill village. At that time, elephanta was called gharapuri, which signified a hill village... Later, elephanta was given to another Chalukya dynasty, then by gujarat, who surrendered it to the Portuguese in 1534. The nataraja and the ardhaarishvara sculptures are also attributed to the rashtrakutas..... The elephanta with the three faces of the Vedas is in some ways like the trimurti of Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which were the royal insignia of the Vedas. This, however, is sometimes attributed to a certain Chalukya dynasty, gujarat. At that time the name Elephanta was given to a hill-country. Later, it was called the gharapuri, which meant a hill-country. The elephant was later called the gharapuri, which means a hill-country. The name elephanta has taken on today is still used in the local Marathi language. The nataraja and ardhaarishvara sculptures are attributed to the rashtrakutas... The elephant's three faces are in some ways like the elephant's Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal inscriptions of the Vedas. When polytheism was spreading, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, of which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. Once polytheism had spread, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. It is believed that, if a relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkan Mauryas was felt, the Chalukyas, who overthrew the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, were also believed to have created the main cave in the 7th century. The Elephant's three faces are in some ways like the horns of Brahma, vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal inscriptions of the Vedas. This can be seen in the language of the local tribesmen. When polytheism grew, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. The elephant's three faces are in some ways like the elephant's horns of Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal insignia of the Vedas. When polytheism grew, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. When polytheism grew, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. During the period of polytheism, the Elephanta main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, of which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. Once polytheism was growing, the Elephanta main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas were equal. The Elephanta's three faces are in some ways similar to the elephant's Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal inscriptions of the Vedas. If there was a relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkan Mauryas, then the Chalukyas, who overthrew the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, were also thought to have created the main cave in the 7th century. If there was a relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkan Mauryas, then the Chalukyas, who conquered the Kalachuris and the Konkan Mauryas, were believed to have created the main cave in the 7th century. Later, it was called 'gharapuri' and it meant'slope'. When polytheism spread, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to The elephant, with the three faces of the Vedas, is in some ways like the elephant's horns Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal inscriptions of the Vedas. It is said that if the relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkans was ever felt, the Chalukyas, who overthrew the Kalachuris and the Konkans, were also believed to have created the main cave in the 7th century. When polytheism was spreading, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, which was equal to the Kalachuris and the Konkans. When polytheism grew, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, which was equal to the Kalachuris and the Konkans. It is believed that if the relationship between Kalachuri and the Konkans was ever felt, the Chalukyas, who overthrew the Kalachuris and the Konkans, were also believed to have created the main cave in the 7th century. In this way the elephant's three faces are in some ways like the elephant's Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal insignia of the Vedas. When polytheism grew, the elephant's main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Konkans were equal. The elephant's three faces are in some ways like the elephant's Brahma, Vishnu and Mahsh, which are the royal insignia of the Vedas. Later on, the elephant was given to another Chalukya dynasty, which gave it to the Portuguese in 1534. Later, the elephant was called gharapuri, which meant a hilly place. The Elephanta is called gharapuri, which means a hilly place, and later it is called gharapuri, which means a hilly place. When polytheism was widespread, the Elephanta main cave was dedicated to the monotheism of the Pashupati Vedas, to which the Kalachuris and the Kon This marriage left the islands to the British empire as part of Catherine's dowry to Charles. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the three caves that contain sculptures are still badly damaged. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly ruined. This marriage left the islands to the British Empire as part of Catherine's dowry to Charles.... The caves were named Unesco World Heritage Site in 1987, as part of the cultural criteria of Unesco. The caves "constituted a masterpiece of human creativity," and "at least distinguished by a unique or at least exceptional testimony to a cultural tradition or to a civilisation which is alive or which has disappeared. " The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, in view of the criteria of Unesco. The caves, “a masterpiece of human creativity,” “represented at least one unique or exceptional testimony to a culture, or to a civilization which is alive or has vanished.” The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The main cave, which was restored in the 1970s, and the three caves in which they were kept, were very badly destroyed. The primary cave, numbered as Cave 1, was inscribed on the ground. The primary cave, which is called Cave 1, is the highest, and is about 18,000 feet long. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, in view of the criteria of Unesco. The caves, “a masterpiece of human creativity,” “assured of being at least one unique or exceptional testimony to a culture or civilization that is alive or has disappeared.” The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The main cave was restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, for cultural reasons. The caves “constituted a masterpiece of human creativity,” “so distinguished that they were at least distinguished by a unique or at least exceptional testimony to a cultural tradition, or to a civilization which is alive or disappearing.” This marriage left the islands to the British Empire as part of Catherine’s dowry to Charles. – this wedding left the islands to the British Empire as Catherine’s dowry to Charles. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, in view of the criteria of Unesco. The caves ‘achieved a masterpiece of human creativity,’ ‘assured of a unique or exceptional testimony to a cultural tradition, or to a civilization that has disappeared or is dying.’ The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The main cave, which was restored in the 1970s, and the three caves in which they were kept, were very badly destroyed. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, according to the criteria of Unesco. The caves “a masterpiece of human creativity” “represented at least one unique or exceptional testimony to a culture or civilization that is alive or disappeared.” The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The first cave, a cave called “Castle 1”, was inscribed on the ground. It is 39 meters (130 feet) deep from the front to the back. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, according to the criteria of Unesco. The caves “achieved a masterpiece of human creativity,” “at least distinguished by a unique or exceptional testimony to a cultural tradition or to a civilization which has vanished or ceased to exist.” The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The first cave, the cave called “Castle 1”, was inscribed on the ground, and it is about ten meters high and about 18,000 feet wide. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. This marriage left the islands to the British Empire as Catherine's dowry. The first cave, which was called "Castle 1", was inscribed on the ground; it was 39 meters (130 feet) wide from the front to the back. It was the first cave, the first cave called Cave One, that was inscribed on the ground, which is about ten meters high and about 8,000 feet long. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were declared a World Heritage Site in 1987, according to the criteria of Unesco. The caves were ‘a masterpiece of human creativity’ and ‘so distinguished that they are at least distinguished by a unique or exceptional testimony to a culture or civilization that is alive or gone.’ The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly destroyed. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The first cave, called Cave 1, was inscribed on the ground, and it was about ten meters high and about 18,000 feet wide. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where they were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The first cave, the first cave, called Cave 1, was inscribed on the ground; it is about ten meters high and about 18,000 feet long. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. The caves were restored in the 1970s, but the three caves where the sculptures were kept were very badly damaged. .. The central shiva shrine (see page 16 below) is a free square cell with four entrances, located in the right wing of the main hall... The smaller shrines are at the east and west of the caves. The panel depicts the yogishvara (the lord of yoga) and the right depicts the Nataraja (the lord of dance)... The central shiva temple (see the following page) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the right wing of the main hall. The smaller shrines are at the east and west of the cave. There are large, large carvings of shiva on each wall, more than 5 metres ( 16 feet) high. The central shiva statue is on the south wall, flanked by an ardhanarisvara (a figurative half-man, half-woman statue of shiva) on the left and the Gangadhara on the right, indicating the descent of the river from shiva's matted locks... ... This is the central temple of shiva (see page 16 here) which is situated in the right wing of the hall. The smaller sanctums are on the east and west sides of the hall. The central temple of shiva (see page 16 here) is a square cell with four sanctums, located in the hall wing. The larger temples are on the east and west sides of the hall. The central shiva temple (see page 16 below) is a square cell with four sanctums, located in the right wing of the hall... In the east of the hall the sculpture depicts the king and the king, both standing on the mount kailash... The kappa of the king and the demon, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, and shamanugraha, depicting the demon king, king ravana, kappa king ravana king ravana, bhajana, bhajana king ravana king ravana,... And on the right of the entrance is a shrine of sage. The sage sits on a plate.... The central temple of sage is (see page 16) a square cell with four doors, located in the hall wing. There are also smaller temples on the east and west sides of the temple. The central temple of sage (see page 16) is a square cell with four doors, in the hall wing, the larger temples on the east and west sides. The central temple of sage (see page 16) is a square cell with four doors, located in the hall wing, the large temples on the east and west sides of the cliff are large, more than five feet high, each of which has a statue of a dharma - a statue of a man and a woman of a male kin, depicting the descent of the river from the puffed-up locks of sage... The central temple of sage (see page 16) is a square cell with four doors, located in the hall wing, the larger temples are on the east and west sides of the cliff., the kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, kappa of the king, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka. A panel depicting the yogisvara (the master of yoga), the right depicting the Nataraja (the master of dance). This is the central shikhar (see page 16) in the hall wing. There are also smaller shikhars on the east and west sides of the shikhar. The central shikhar (see page 16) is a square cell with four entrances, in the hall wing, and there are smaller temples on the east and west sides. The central shikhar (see page 16) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the hall wing. The larger temples are on the east and west sides of the cliff. This central temple (see page 16) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the hall wing. The larger temples are on the east and west sides of the cliff. The central temple (see page 16) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the hall wing, the larger temples on the east and west sides of the cliff are huge, more than five feet high, each of which is a statue of the dharma—the human being and the female, depicting the descent of the river from the puffed-up locks of sage... The central temple (see page 16) is a square cell with four entrances, located in the hall wing, the smaller temples on the east and west sides. There are many male and female attendants behind the main figures. The king, kappa, kappa, kappa, kappa, kappa, kappa, kappa, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, bhaka, b Hear the tall figure of the handsome parvati. Ascetics, a tall man, a plump figure, a dwarf, a bull (Silvum) on the mount of shiva. His features of a garuda and two monkeys... The beauty of the mountains, surrounded by the heavens, is sculpted. Over there the heavenly beings, showering flowers on shiva. What a view of the mountains and the clouds of heaven. The beauty of the mountains is sculpted. On the mountain peaks there are heavens shining flowers. Listen to the tall figure of the handsome parvati. The upper part is the top of the mountain, where shiva and parvati are sitting. The eight-footed, three-eyed shiva is wearing a robe with a crescent and a disc behind it.. The mount is also open, the shiva and the parvati are seated. The beauty of the mountains is sculpted. On the mountain peaks there are heavenly flowers. There are heavenly flowers in the mountains. Listen to the tall figure of the beautiful parvati. It is as tall as a tall man, a tall, plump, a bull. He has the appearance of a garuda and two monkeys... Listen to the tall figure of the beautiful parvati. The top part is the top of the mountain, where shiva and parvati are sitting. The parvati figure, seated facing shiva, is nothing but a trunk. The more or less broken arms of the parvati are scattered on the heads of the elders. A cage is set up in front of the parvati, where the ladle and the head are placed. The mount is also open, and the shiva and the parvati are sitting. The maharath sandstone is raised to the sky. The sandstone is a crescent with a crescent behind it. Whence came the images of the mountains, and the clouds of heaven; the views of the mountains, and the clouds of heaven; the beauty of the mountains was sculpted, and on the peaks there rose the blossoming flowers. The upper part of the mountain was the top of the swarthya, where shiva and swarthya were sitting. The swarthya was sitting in a robe of crescents and discs behind her. The swarthya was sitting near the swarthya, and to his left swarthy-headed son of swarthya - a swarthy boy named jhiksha. The upper part was the top of the swarthya, where swarthya and swarthya were sitting. There was a figure of a tall man, a swarthy-bellied bull, with the figure of a garuda and two monkeys. On the mountain peaks there were flowers of heaven. The big-headed parvati was seated at the swarthya’s feet and, to his left, was the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the son of swarthya – the imperial son of swarthya – was depicted in relief. The swarthya’s hands were somewhat broken, scattered among the elders, and scattered among the elders in a cage, and the cavalry stood before the parvati, which had the ladle and the head of the parvati – and the mats and the head were not clearly discernible. Listen to the tall figure of the beautiful parvati. Listen to the tall figure of the handsome parvati. On the summit of the mountain there were flowers of heaven. There are flowers of heaven on the summit of the mountain. There are flowers of heaven on the summit of the mountain. There are mountains and clouds on the mountain, there are flowers of heaven on the summit of the mountain. In the top of the mountain there are shiva and parvati. There are many figures on the swarthya – a demon on the swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya, the son of swarthya – the imperial son of swarthya – was depicted. The parvati was seated on the swarthya’s swarthya’s swarthya’s feet and to his left the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the son of swarthya, the imperial son of swarthya. The parvati was seated in a robe of crescents and discs. The tall figure of the handsome parvati was like a man of a tall man, a bull of swarthya, with the figure of a garuda and two monkeys. The height of the mountain was that of the swarthya and swarthya, and to his left was the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the son of swarthya, the son of swarthya – the great swarthya. The mount was open, and the swarthya and parvati sat. The swarthya was sitting at the swarthya’s feet, and to his left was the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the emperor’s son. In this way the swarthya’s hands were a little broken, scattered among the elders, squatting near the parvati, and keeping an eye on the parvati’s head, a cage was set up in front of the parvati, and The mountain tops have flowers. The mountain tops have flowers of heaven. There are flowers of heaven on the mountain tops. There are flowers on the mountain tops. On the mountain tops there are flowers of heaven. The mountains and clouds are clouds on the mountain, there are flowers of heaven on the mountain tops. There are flowers of heaven on the mountain tops. The mountain tops have flowers of heaven on them. On the mountain tops there are flowers of heaven. The mountain tops have flowers of heaven on them. The mountain tops have flowers of heaven. There are mountains and clouds on the mountain, there are flowers of heaven on the mountain tops. Listen to the tall figure of the handsome parvati. There is a tall man, a tall bull, with a garuda and two monkeys on it. The tall figure of the handsome parvati is like a man of a tall man, a bull, with the form of a garuda and two monkeys. The height of the mountain is like swarthya and swarthya, and to his left the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the imperial son of swarthya, the son of swarthya, the imperial son of swarthya, the great parvati. The parvati sits at the swarthya's feet, and to his left the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the imperial son of swarthya. The parvati sits in a robe of crescents and discs. The upper part of the mountain is the top, where shiva and swarthya sits, the swarthya sits in a robe of crescents and discs. The swarthya sits at the swarthya's feet and to his left is the elephant-headed son of swarthya, the imperial son of swarthya. For him, the demon with a long snout and a mighty bull, the height of the mountain was that of the swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, the swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarthya, swarth A lady’s hand is etched on it, and the four-headed dove is seen in the figure. It is also called a syasanthe sadashiva, a shayata or a samsara... There is also a deity who does not use a secret. It is called a sadashiva, a shayata, or a samsara. In his hand is etched a rose-bud, a symbol of life and creative spirit...  in his hand, a flower-bud is seen. There is also a deity who does not know anything about it. It is called sadashiva, shayata, or samsara. He is also called a sadashiva, shayata or samsara... In his hand he etched a rosebud, a symbol of life and a creative spirit. In his hand he saw a flower. The left-hand part of the face (East) is that of a moustache, angering, and a moustache. This is the tyrant’s harrowing and vengeful face. He is a fearful aghora or bhairava, whose anger can consume the whole world in flames, leaving only ashes behind. He is called Sadashiva, Satya, or Satya.... There is also a deity who does not know anything about it. It is called sadashiva, Satya, or Satya... There is a lady’s hand etched on it, and the four-headed dove is seen in the figure. This is the tyrant’s tyrant’s fierce and vengeful face. He is a terrible aghor or Bhashi, whose anger consumes the whole world in flames and leaves only ashes left behind. This is called Satya, Satya or Satya. It is also called Satya, Satya or Satya. In his hand, he has a rosebud, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he has a flower. This is the central face, peaceful and contemplative, and resembles the refractive vishnu... This is the tyrant’s angry, vengeful face. It is a ferocious aghora or bhushava, who can devour the whole world in flames and leave only ashes. He is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a lady’s hand etched on it, and the four-headed dove is seen in the figure. This is the tyrant’s vengeful and violent face, that is, the tyrant’s fierce and vengeful face. It is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know anything about it, called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... In his hand, he has a rose, a symbol of life and the arts... In his hand, he has a flower. The left-hand part of the face is left-hand, angry and furious; this is the tyrant’s fierce and vengeful face; this is a tyrant’s vengeful face, a terrible aghor or bhalava, whose anger can devour the whole world in flames and leave nothing but ashes behind; this is called Satya, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know anything; it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... In his hand he etched a rosebud, a symbol of life and spirit; in his hand he saw a flower. The left-hand part of the face (West) is like a moustache, anger, and a moustache; it is a tyrant’s vengeful and violent face; it is the tyrant’s vengeful and violent face, that is, vengeful and violent. It is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya. It is also called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya. There is a deity who does not know anything about it, it is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know anything, it is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya. In his hand he has a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he has a flower. There is a lady’s hand etched, and the four-headed dove is seen. There is a deity who does not know anything, it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a deity who does not know anything, it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... In his hand he has a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he has a flower. This is the tyrant’s violent, vengeful face, that is, the violent face of the tyrant. He is a terrible aghor or bhairava, who can devour the whole world in flames and leave only ashes behind; he is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know anything, called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... The left-hand part of the face is angry and furious; this is the tyrant's vengeful and vengeful face; this is the tyrant's vengeful and vengeful face, that is, tyrant's vengeful face, tyrant's vengeful face, tyrant's vengeful face, tyrant's vengeful face, tyrant's ven In his hand he etched a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he etched a flower. The left-hand part of the face is the angry and resentful, that is, tyrant’s vengeful and violent, that is, tyrant’s vengeful and violent, that is, tyrant’s vengeful and violent, that is, tyrant’s vengeful and violent, that is, vengeful and violent. The left-hand part of the face is left-hand, angry and resentful; it is a tyrant’s vengeful and violent face; it is a tyrant’s vengeful and violent face, that is, vengeful and violent, that is, vengeful and violent. This is the tyrant’s vengeful face, that is, vengeful and violent, that is, vengeful and vengeful. In his hand, he has a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he has a flower. There is a deity who does not know, it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a deity who does not know, it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a deity who does not know, it is called sadashiva, Satya or Satya... The left-hand part of the face is angry and furious; it is the tyrant's vengeful and vengeful face; it is the vengeful and vengeful face of the tyrant, that is, the vengeful and vengeful face, that is, vengeful and vengeful. The tyrant's vengeful and vengeful face is Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know anything, it is Sadashiva, Satya or Satya. There is also a deity who does not know anything, it is called Sadashiva, Satya or There is a deity who does not know, it is Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a deity who does not know, it is Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is a deity who does not know, it is Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... In his hand he has a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, in his hand he has a flower. There is a lady’s hand engraved, and a four-headed dove is seen. This is the tyrant’s vengeful and vengeful face; it is the vengeful and violent face, that is, vengeful and violent; it is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant, that is, vengeful and vengeful. It is called Satya, Satya, and there is also a deity who does not know, Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... There is also a deity who does not know, Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... In his hand, he etched a rose, a symbol of life and creativity, and in his hand he etched a flower. There is a deity who does not know, it is called Sadashiva, Satya or Satya... The left side of the face is angry and angry; this is the tyrant's vengeful and violent face; this is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant, that is, the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant; this is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant, that is, vengeful and violent, that is, vengeful and violent. This is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant, that is, vengeful and violent, that is, vengeful and violent; this is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant; this is the vengeful and violent face of the tyrant, that is, vengeful and violent. The left hand part of the face is angry and It is attached to a left shoulder. A small snake has a small snake in the right hand, and a tortoise has a little bundle tied to its back. The snake has a small snake in the right hand, and a tortoise has a little bundle tied to its back. A garland drapery covers the lower half of the torso, below the waist. A drapery of woven or embroidered material covers the lower part of the torso. On the left shoulder a little saber holds a tiny snake, and on the right hand a little saber holds a little saber, which is tied to its back. On the left shoulder a garuda is drawn. The gods brahma and indra are shown with their robes and mounts. Vishnu, riding his chariot of roses, is shown to the left of parvati. He is tied to his left shoulder. On the left shoulder, there is a garland. There is a saber on his left shoulder, and on his right shoulder a saber is tied on his back. On his left shoulder, a snake, a snake, a snake, and a snake are tied. The scene is shown in the clouds, and the three gods brahma and indra ridden in their dresses and their mounts. The various divine figures and attendant women are shown at the back... The front has many defects, and there is a kneeling figure in the front, and it is supposed that the king ordered the picture to be carved... Many other details are missing, and a knelt at the front is inferred to be the king, who carved it. I see a snake, a snake, a snake, and a snake, tied to his left shoulder. The snake has a snake in his right hand, and a tortoise has a saber. The serpent has a saber in his right hand, and a tortoise has a saber tied to his back. On the left shoulder there is a garland; a saber is tied on the left shoulder, and a saber is tied on the right shoulder; a saber on the left shoulder, and a saber on the right shoulder. In the clouds the three gods brahma and indra are seated with their attire and mounts; at the back there are various figures and attendant women; in the middle is a wooden statue of Arhatta and Rangoli; in the northeast is a painting of a four-footed ardhanarishvara — it is approximately five-fifth of an inch tall, at a height of three feet. Many other details are not noted, and a knelt at the back is supposed to be the King who carved it. It was pulled to the left shoulder. A garland was drawn. On the left shoulder a snake, a snake, a snake, and a snake, a snake, and a snake, tied to the back. The snake had a snake in his right hand, and a snake had a snake in his back. The snake had a snake in his right hand, and a snake had a snake. On the right shoulder there was a garland, a sword was tied on the left shoulder, a sword on the right shoulder, and a saber on the right shoulder. In the clouds, the three gods brahma and indra ridden in their robes and mounts. They depicted the three gods brahma and indra in their robes and mounts. There were many details in the front and back that the king had ordered. On the left shoulder, there was a garuda. On the left shoulder, there was a saber, a saber was tied, and a saber was tied on the back. On the left shoulder there was a saber, a saber was tied on the back, and a snake was tied on his left shoulder. The snake had a saber in his right hand, and a tiger had a saber. The dragon was tied on the horse with its roses, and it was shown on the left shoulder of tiger. The snake had a tiger in his right hand, and a tiger had a tiger in his back. The four gods brahma and indra were shown in their costumes and mounts. In the clouds the three gods brahma and indra were seated, with their clothes and mounts. In the back were various divine figures and attendant women; at the center there was a wooden statue of Arhatta and Rangoli, in the northeast there is a painting of a four-footed Arhatta and indra. I see a snake, a snake, a snake, and a snake tied to his left shoulder. On the left shoulder, a garland, a sword tied to the left shoulder, a sword tied to the right shoulder, a snake tied to the back, a snake tied to the back, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake tied to the right shoulder, a snake tied to the back, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake tied to the back, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake tied to the back, a snake, a snake, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake, a snake, a snake tied to the left shoulder, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, I see a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, a snake, , who has a woman sitting next to him. The figure is said to be of an almost destroyed form, and it is thought that she is a slave to the slander. What he wears is about a foot long, about the width of a foot. He has a woman sitting beside him. The figure is said to be almost destroyed, and it is thought that she is a slave to the slander.... On the back of the head, there is a puffy ruffle on the back, a skull and cobra over the forehead, and a crescent on the right.... The body of he has a head about a foot in length, the width of a foot. He has a woman sitting next to him. He has a woman sitting beside him, and her figure is said to be almost destroyed and thought to be a slave to slander. It is said that the figure is almost destroyed and that it is thought to be a slave to slander... On the back of the head, there is a thin, puffy ruffle, a skull and a cobra on the forehead, and a crescent on the right... In the legs and arms of the two figures, a leg and five arms are broken, which are believed to be vandalism. His body was about a foot long, about a foot long. He had a woman beside him. The woman was said to be almost ruined, and that she was a slave to slander. He wore a coat about a foot long, about the width of a foot. He had a woman sitting next to him, who was a slave to slander. She was said to be almost ruined, and she was thought to be a slave to slander. On the back of the coat was a short, puffy ruffle, a skull and a cobra on the forehead, and a crescent on the right. In the legs and arms of the two figures, one leg and five arms were cut off, which was said to be vandalism. The body of the woman sitting next to him was about a foot long, about the width of a foot. The first, left hand, was a snake coiled around it. The second hand was a broom coiled around it. The hands of the two figures were cut off, and a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. His body was about a foot long, about a foot long. He had a woman sitting beside him. She was said to be almost destroyed, and was thought to be a slave to slander. The woman was said to be almost destroyed and was thought to be a slave to slander. He had a coat about a foot long, about a foot wide. He had a woman sitting beside him, and her figure was said to be almost destroyed, and thought to be a slave to slander. There was a short, puffy ruffle on the back, a skull and a cobra on the forehead, and a crescent on the right. The woman sitting beside him was about a foot long, about the width of a foot. He had a woman sitting next to him, and she was said to be almost destroyed, and thought to be a slave to slander. The two figures were cut off, one leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. In addition to these, there are pieces of the male and female form, two ascetics, a small figure in front of the head, and a woman, and two dwarfs... In the legs and arms of the two figures, a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The body of the woman sitting next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide. The first hand was a snake coiled around it. The second hand was a broom coiled around it. He had a woman sitting next to him. She was said to be almost destroyed, and that she was a slave to slander. What he was wearing was a foot long, a foot long. The woman sitting next to him was almost destroyed and was considered a slave to slander. She was said to be almost destroyed, and that she was a slave to slander. What he had a body about a foot long, about a foot long. He had a woman sitting next to him. She was said to be almost destroyed, and she was considered a slave to slander. In the two figures, a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The body of the woman sitting next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide. He had a jacket about a foot long, about a foot wide. The first hand was a snake in a swathe. The second hand was a broom in a swathe. In the two figures, a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. On the back of the jacket there was a puffy ruffle, a skull and a cobra on the forehead, and a crescent on the right... The two figures were cut off, one leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The female is said to be almost destroyed and thought to be a slave to slander. The woman is said to be almost destroyed and considered a slave to slander. The woman seated beside him was about a foot long, about a foot long. The first hand was a snake coiled around it, the second hand was a broom coiled around it. He had a girl sitting next to him, a slave to slander. She was said to be almost destroyed, and was thought to be a slave to slander. He had a girl sitting next to him, a slave to slander. He had a girl sitting next to him, a slave to slander. He had a girl sitting next to him, a slave to slander. He had a girl sitting next to him, a slave to slander, a slave to slander. The boy was about a foot long, a foot wide. The girl was sitting next to him, and she was said to be almost destroyed and considered a slave to slander. He had a frock coat, a foot long, a foot wide. The body of the girl sitting next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide. The hand of the two men was cut off, a foot and a leg, which was believed to be vandalism. The two men were cut off, a foot and a leg were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The man with the two women was about a foot long, about a foot wide. He had a woman sitting next to him, she was said to be almost destroyed and thought to be a slave to slander. The woman with the woman was said to be almost destroyed, and that she was a slave to slander. The two men were cut off, one leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. On the back of the head there was a puffy ruffle, a skull and a cobra on the forehead, and a crescent on the right. On the arms of the two men, a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The women were cut off, one leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The men were cut off, a leg and five arms were cut off, believed to be vandalism. The body of the woman who was sitting next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide. The body of the woman who sat next to him was about a foot long, about a foot long. He had a frock coat, about a foot long, about a foot wide. He had a woman sitting beside him, and she was said to be almost destroyed and that she was a slave to slander. He had a woman sitting next to him, and she was said to be almost destroyed and that she was a slave to slander. He had a woman sitting next to him, and she was said to be almost destroyed and that she was a slave to slander. The body of the woman next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide. He had a man standing next to him, and she was said to be almost destroyed and that she was a slave to slander. The man next to him was about a foot long, about a foot wide, a frock coat, a foot long, a foot wide, a man’s foot long, a foot wide, a man’s foot long, a foot long, a foot long, a man’s foot long, a man’s foot long, a woman seated next to him, a woman who was said to be almost destroyed and thought to be a slave to slander. - he said that he was almost destroyed and that he was a slave to slander. - The woman seated next to him was about a foot long, a foot long. The two figures were cut off, one leg and five arms, believed to be vandalism. The two figures were cut off, one leg and five arms, believed to be vandalism, the woman was cut off, a leg and five arms, believed to be vandalism. The two figures were cut off, one leg and five arms, believed to be vandalism. The two figures were cut off, a leg and five arms, believed to be vandalism. Her left hand clasped shiva’s right hand as a sign of holy union. Vishnu was present at the ceremony. ‘Related God,’ says the moon, ‘whose moonlight is shining with a tithe of crescents, ‘sitting behind Parvati with a circular pot full of nectar, and pouring out the flowers. Vishnu was present at the ceremony. The moon is solitary and holds a pagoda, with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent – she holds a pot full of nectar for the wedding ceremony. ‘Delighted God,’ says the moon, ‘whose moonlight shines with a heap of crescents, is sitting behind Parvati with a pot full of nectar and pouring out the flowers.’ The moon is alone, and holds a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent and a wheeled crescent, which she holds for the ceremony. She is sitting in a yogic posture called yogisvara, mahayogi, dharmaraja and lakuli.......’ The panel to the east of the north portico is shiva in a yogic posture called yogisvara, mahayogi, dharmaraja and lakuli... The moon was alone, and a pillar was holding a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent; it was holding a pot full of nectar for the wedding. The moon was seated in a solitary position and held a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent. It was holding a pot full of nectar for the wedding. The moon was seated in a yogic posture, called yogisvara, mahayogi, dharmaraja and lakuli. This was the image of a sacrifice of a sage in the Himalayas, after the death of his first wife Sati, who was reborn as Parvati. " The sage said: "The moon, the tithe of crescents shines with a heap of crescents, sits behind Parvati with a bottle full of nectar and pours out flowers. " The sage said: "Prayer God, the tithe of crescents shines with a whole heap of crescents, and sat behind Parvati with a bowl full of nectar and poured out the flowers. " This is a sage in penance, sitting in the Himalayas after the death of his first wife, Sugata, who was reborn as Parvati. It was the image of a sacrifice of a sage in the Himalayas after the death of his first wife Sati. It was Parvati. Vishnu was present at the ceremony. The moon was alone and seated in a pagoda, with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, and she held a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. There was a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, and holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, and holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, and holding a pot of nectar for the wedding. " The moon is happy, who tithes with a whole tithe of crescents, and sits behind Parvati with a cup full of nectar and pours out flowers. " There is also a plantain, which has three leaves and one blossom, and two attendants, both... That is, the image of the sage’s sacrifice in the Himalayas, after the death of his first wife Sati. The sage said: “Prayer, the moon’s moon shines with a heap of opulence, and sits behind Parvati with a jar of nectar and pours out the flowers. ” The moon was alone and sat in a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent and a wheeled crescent. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar and a wheeled crescent, holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone and sat in a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent and a wheeled crescent, holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar, a crescent and a wheeled crescent, holding a pot of nectar for the wedding. It was a sage in penance in the Himalayas, after the death of his first wife Sati, who was reborn as Parvati. This was the image of the sacrifice of a sage in the Himalayas after the death of his first wife Sati. The moon was alone, holding a pagoda with a hairy head, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, holding a cup of nectar. The moon was alone, holding a cup of nectar, a crescent, and a wheeled crescent, and holding a cup of nectar for the wedding. There is also a plantain leaf, with three leaves and a blossom, and two attendants, both of them... It was the Moon in the Himalayas when the first wife Sati was dead, he was reborn as Parvati, the sage said. "Brother, the moon has a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe, the Sun sits behind Parvati, a jar of nectar and pours flowers. " The moon is alone, and a tithe of a tithe of a tithe, a tithe of a tithe of a tithe, a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a tithe of nectar, a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a tithe of a crescent, a tithe of a wedding, the moon was alone, held a tithe of a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of nectar, a tithe of a wedding, the tithe of a crescent, a tithe of a wedding, the moon was alone, held a tithe of nectar, a tithe of a wedding, the moon was alone, held a cup of nectar, a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a tithe, and a tithe of a wedding. It was a tithe of a wedding, a tithe of a tithe, a tithe, and a tithe of a wedding. The tithe of a wedding is to be worshipped. The tithe of At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall. He was wearing a fine dress of rags. He was well dressed. He was well dressed. He had a fine costume of rags. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered slightly from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to the left side; his right hand was as it were being stabbed by a rising arm and, like a bat mitt, smashed at the elbow. The second arm was also broken at the elbow, and the fourth, which was also broken, he suspected to have held a khatvanga (sheath-curling club)... At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to the left; his right hand was stabbed by the riser’s hand and smashed at the elbow like a bat mitt. The second arm was also broken at the elbow; and the fourth, which was also broken, he suspected to have been a khatanga (sheath-curling club)... He was well dressed. He was well dressed. The left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to the left; the right hand was bent at the elbow, and the left hand was raised up... the right thigh (broken) was lifted up, and the left leg was not seen, the elaborate arm-bands were well preserved, and a skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. The left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to the left. The right hand was being stabbed by the right hand, and smashed at the elbow like a mitt. The second arm was broken at the elbow, and the fourth, broken, was suspected to have been a khatava (curling club). At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall. The left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to the left. The right hand was bent at the elbow and raised up... The left arm was well preserved and the skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered slightly from the wall. His left arm held the right breast and was clinging to the left; his right hand was stabbed by the riser's hand and smashed in the elbow like a bat mitt. He was well dressed. He was well dressed. , the left arm held the right breast and clung to the left; the right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the right arm was preserved and the skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. He was well dressed. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine meters, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to the left; his right hand was stabbed by the riser's hand and smashed at the elbow like a mitt. The left arm was broken at the elbow, and the fourth, broken at the elbow, he suspected to have been a khata (curling-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging-clinging. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the riser's hand and smashed into the elbow like a bat-tie. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved, and the skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. The left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to it; the right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the riser's hand and smashed in the elbow like a bat mitt. The left arm was clinging to the left, and the right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the right hand was well preserved and the skirt around the waist was tied with ribbon. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and was clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was broken at the elbow, and the fourth, broken at the elbow, was suspected to be a khata (curling club). He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hand and smashed into the elbow like a mitt. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the waistband tied with ribbon. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine meters he was lowered slightly from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised. The left arm was well-preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. He was well-preserved. He was well-preserved. He was well-preserved. He was well-preserved. At a distance of about nine meters he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hand and smashed at the elbow like a bat mitt. The left arm was broken at the elbow, and the fourth, broken at the elbow, he suspected to have been a khata (curling club). He was well-preserved. At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well-preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and was clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hand and smashed in the elbow like a mitt. At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and was clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and was clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hand and smashed in the elbow like At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered slightly from the wall. His left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clinging to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hands and smashed in the elbow like a bat mitt. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was holding the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... the left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was stabbed by the hand and smashed into the elbow like a bat mitt. He was well dressed. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm held the right breast and clung to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. At a distance of about nine metres, he was lowered a little from the wall; his left arm was clinging to it; his right hand was bent at the elbow and raised... The left arm was well preserved and the waistband was tied with ribbon. a globe hung on the left thigh. The robe hung on the right leg by the left hand, and the legs were not shaped. “Eastern wing.” a tiger-like mantle hung from the left thigh. The robe was hung on the left leg by the left hand. The circle is seen in the courtyard in front of the shikku nandi, in the open space, and is said to be the seat of the shikku nandi. The temple has chambers at each end and a lingaoma... ‘East wing’. And then there was a tiger-like mantle on the left thigh. A globe was hung on the left thigh. The temple, on each side, contained rooms and a li-pao ma. — This temple, which was placed in the courtyard, was called the Seat of the Sage. The temple had chambers at each end, and a li-pao ma... (West Wing). Five low steps and a threshold led to the central li-pao mausoleum, which was 4 metres wide and 6 metres deep. It had a circumambulatory path, pradakshina-karan-path, around it. — A giant statue hung from the east façade of the portico at the west end of the portico was seen, and near the east end was a statue of a four-pointed doorman with two demons. The temple is divided into four rooms and a li-pao-ma. The east wall is a picture of the eight goddesses and a jade-covered kartikeya... the sons of shiva... The robe is hung on the left thigh. The left thigh is a mantle. The left thigh is a tiger-mantle, and the robe is hung on the left thigh. The temple has a li-pao-ma. There are four deep rooms and a threshold., the temple has three rooms, and the west wing has a ladder. The eastern wing has a hall and a yan. It is said to be the seat of the shikku nandi. A giant statue is seen on the east façade of the portico, and in the east wing there is a four-pointed doorman with two demons. The temple has rooms at each end and a yan yan yan. The west wall depicts the ashta yan and the eight mother-gods (four of the seven goddesses), flanked by kartikeya and gandhi. And then there was a tiger-like mantle on the left thigh. A robe hung from the left thigh. It was hung from the left thigh, and the left thigh was hung from the left thigh. A robe was hung from the left thigh. The temple has four rooms and a lingaoma. It has a four-part gallery and a li-pao mausoleum. On the east wall was a giant statue, and on the east wall was a statue of a two-pointed doorman with two demons. The east wall depicted the eight goddesses, the four navish, and the jade kartikeya... the sons of the samsha. The temple has rooms on both sides, and a li-pao mausoleum, the eastern one, and the west one. This temple is placed in the courtyard, and is called the seat of the samsha. The temple is divided into four rooms, and a li-pao mausoleum. The west wall shows the ashta yan and the eight gods (four of the seven gods), with kartikeya and gandhi, the robe is hanging on the left thigh. On the left thigh, the tiger mantle is hanging. On the left thigh is a tiger mantle. On the left thigh, the robe is hanging on the left thigh. " A gigantic statue was seen on the east façade of the arch, and on the east facade was the four-pointed doorman, and on the east facade was a pair of demons. The east façade depicted eight goddesses and four-pointed jade kartikeya, a son of samsha. It was divided into four parts, and there was a shrine at each end, and a shrine at the end. It had four depths, and a shrine at the end. On the left thigh there was a mantle, and on the right thigh a tiger-mantle, and on the left thigh a robe. The robe was hung on the right thigh, and a globe was hanging on the left thigh. The temple, which was placed in the courtyard, was called the seat of the samsha. The temple had four chambers and a shrine at each end. The shrine had four rooms and a shrine at each end, with a li-pao mausoleum. The west wall depicted the ashtayan and the eight deities (four of the seven), flanked by a kartikeya and a kartikeya, and the east wall depicted the eight deities, the four navish, and the jade kartikeya... The robe is on the left thigh, and the left thigh is on the left thigh, and the robe is on the left thigh. At the east of the gate was a giant statue, and at the east gate there was a four-pointed doorman and two demons. The temple was divided into four rooms and a lai-pao mausoleum, with four rooms at each end, and a lai-pao mausoleum. The temple was divided into four rooms and a lai-pao mausoleum. The temple was divided into four rooms and a lai-pao mausoleum, and there were four rooms at each end, and there were four levels, and there was a lai-pao mausoleum at the western end, and the western end of the temple was the hall of Shikku Nirvana, and the east wing of the temple had a room and a yan-yan-yan. The lai-pao mausoleum was divided into four levels, and there were two levels at each end, and there were four levels at each end. The temple was divided into four sections, and there were lai-pao mausoleum at each end; the west wall depicted the ashtayan and the eight gods (four of the seven), with a kartikeya and a kartikeya; the east wall depicted the eight gods, the four navish and the jade kartikeya, the sons of the samsha; on the east wall, the tiger-mantle was hanging; and on the left thigh, the robe was hanging; on the left thigh was hanging a tiger-mantle; on the left thigh, a robe was hanging; on the left thigh, the robe was hanging; and on the left thigh was hanging a globe. There is a circle, in front of the Buddha in the open space, and is said to be the seat of the Buddha. This temple, placed in the courtyard, is called the seat of the samsha; it is divided into four parts, and a lai-pao mausoleum, the eastern wing, the eastern wing, and the eastern wing. There The cave is surrounded by a massive shiva linga, with almost hewn slabs of chintz. At the entrance to the cave is a cave covered with a stack of multicoloured shards erected over round silunkhs. At the entrance on both sides of the door are statues of gate-keepers standing guard over demons, and two fat, well-balanced figures. The cave is surrounded by a massive sandstone ash-pit, with almost hewn chintz. The entrance to the cave is surrounded by a tower of chintz with about three hundred feet of wall. At the entrance is a pavilion with a stack of multicoloured shards erected on the bottom of a pile of round casings. At the entrance of the cave, on both sides of the door, are statues of the guards who guard demons and two fat, balanced figures. On the southern side of the door, there are a number of statues. The shiva carving is represented by six arms, the third eye in the forehead. It is not unadorned and in a partly ruined condition. The carving shows the shiva with a crowned crescent fixed on the crown, carrying a cobra in the left hand, a club in the other hand, and in a dancing posture. The cave is surrounded by a massive sandstone ash pit, which is almost a dug-out stone. At the entrance to the cave is a courtyard with a set of shards erected over a pile of round casings. On both sides of the door are statues of guards, and two well-balanced figures. On the south side of the cave are a number of statues. There is a statue on the south side of the door: a male and a female horse in a golden cloak tied round his neck; a female horse in a headdress with a jeweled halo; indra in a bosom with a delicately looped headdress; a vishnu with four arms, holding a discus in one of his left hands and riding on a garuda, accompanied by a flying man, and a male figure with a crescent in his hair... in the southern part of the door there are many statues. The statue of the guards who protect demons is on both sides of the door, two fat and well balanced figures are displayed. The cave is surrounded by a massive sandstone ash pit, almost chintz. The cave is surrounded by a massive sandstone ash pit with nearly chintz; the cave is surrounded by a tower of chintz with about three hundred feet of wall. It is not without decoration and is in a slightly rusted condition. Next to it are figures under a tree, and a yogic image, seated on a lotus, next to this image, is a shama tachok on a lotus. This cave is surrounded by a gigantic sandstone ash pit with almost a chink of chintz. The entrance to the cave is surrounded by a pavilion with a stack of coloured shards erected on the bottom of a pile of round bricks. On both sides of the entrance to the cave are statues of the guards who guard the demons and two fat and well-balanced figures. The statue of the guards who protect the demons is on both sides of the entrance by a chink of marble, which is almost a chink. The temple at the southern end of the cave is surrounded by a number of statues. There is a statue of the sacrificial selves in a golden cloak tied around his neck, a female horse in a headdress with a jewelled halo, a wearing a delicately looped headdress, a vishnu with four arms, holding a discus in one of his left hands and riding a garuda with a flying man and a male figure with a crescent in his hair... and the south side of the door is full of statues. The front of this cave is completely destroyed; only fragments of semi-crown columns remain. On both sides of the door are statues of the demons and two fat and well-balanced figures. There are statues on both sides of the door of the demons, and two fat and well-balanced figures. The shika is depicted by six arms and the third eye in the forehead, and it is not unadorned and somewhat rusted. Next to it are figures under a tree and a yogic image sitting on a lotus, and the image is seated on a lotus. Next to it is a shama tachok on a lotus, next to this image is a shama tachok on a lotus. He has two eyes and a third eye on the forehead, and it is not without decoration and it is a little rusted. The cave is surrounded by a huge sandstone ash pit, almost a chink of stone. He has two chinks of marble, almost a chink. The cave is surrounded by a giant sandstone ash pit, almost a chink of stone. At the entrance to the cave is a pavilion with a pile of coloured shards, and two well-balanced statues, on both sides of the door, statues of guards, two well-balanced. On the south side of the door there are many statues; there is a statue of the sun and the moon, and on the moon and the moon are sitting on the lotus, and on the moon there is a shama tachok, and on the moon there is a shama tachok, on the moon is a shama tachok, on the moon is a shama tachok. The temple at the southern end of the cave is surrounded by a lotus, a statue of the sacrifice of the sun and the moon, a statue of the maidens, and a shama tachok on the lotus. The shama tachok, on the moon, is a lotus, and next to this image is a shama tachok, on the moon. The temple at the southern end of the cave is surrounded by a number of statues: a man and a female horse in a golden cloak tied around his neck, a woman in a headdress with a jeweled halo, a lady in a necklet with a delicately curved halo, a vishnu with four arms, holding a discus in one of his left hands and riding on a dainty horse with a flying man, and a man with a crescent in his hair. The statues on both sides of the door are guards, and two fat, well-balanced figures. The south side of the door is a number of The door to the cave is surrounded by a massive sandstone ash pit, almost a stone chink. On both sides of the door are statues of the guards who protect the demons and two fat, well balanced figures. The front of the cave is completely destroyed, only the stone towers are left. The temple at the southern end of the cave is surrounded by a lotus, a statue of the sun and the moon, a statue of the moon and the moon, and a woman in a golden cloak tied around the neck, a woman in a robe with a jewelled halo, a lady in a necklet with a delicately looped halo, a vishnu with four arms holding a discus in one of his left hands and riding on a lotus with a flying man and a male figure with a crescent in his hair. The temple in the southern end of the cave is surrounded by a lotus, a sacrifice of the sun and the moon, a maiden, and a shama tarot on the lotus, and on the south side of the door there are a lotus and a shama tarot on the lotus, a shama tarot on the lotus, a shama tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot on the lotus, a tarot ... The temple in the south end of the cave is surrounded by a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, a shama tachok on a lotus, the shama tachok on a lotus, the shama tachok on a lotus, the shama tachok on the lotus, two shama tachoks, the shama tachok on a lotus, the shama tachok on a lotus, the shama tachok, the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok, the shama tachok, on the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok, on the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok on the lotus, the shama tachok, on the shama tachok, on the shama tachok, the shama .... ; the back of the window leads to a ruinous shrine.... the shrine is a plain room, six meters (21 feet) deep, and five feet high. The doors of the shrine are the hands of those whose lives they maintain. They lean on dwarfs with a flying figure above their heads, with their hands tied around the bow and architrave. The door of the shrine is the hands of the people who keep it. They lean on the tall monks with a flying figure over their heads, their hands tied around their bowed bow and architrave. Across the back of the window, there is a ruinous shrine.... The south of this cave is a cave, which can be used as a cave. The tiger sculpture above the caves is a worship of the tiger vaghesheri... The door of the cave is the hands of the person who is in charge of it; the hands of the dwarfs with a flying figure above their heads, their hands tied around their bows and architrave. Across the back of the window is a ruinous shrine.... The shrine is a plain room, about six meters (21 feet) deep, and five feet high. There are statues of a stone with a sun and a moon, and a mother and a baby sitting on a fallen child... - This sculpture may be the guardian of the north entrance of cave 1... The shrine is the hands of the people who manage it. The dwarfs with a flying figure above their heads, with their hands tied around their bows and archways, lean on the tall monks, who have a soaring figure over their heads, and are encircled by their bows and archways. The door of the cave is the hands of the warders. The doors of the cave are the hands of the people who maintain it. The giants with flying figures are attached to the heads of the tall monks with their hands tied around the archway. Across the archway, there is a ruinous shrine.... Across the archway is a ruinous shrine... The south side of this cave has a cave, which can be used as a cave. The shrine is a plain room, six meters (21 feet) deep, and five feet high. The shrine is the hands of the people who keep it. The small monks with flying figures are tied around the archway and the long cypresses are gathered round the archway. The statues of a stone with a sun and a moon, a mother and a child, and the broken baby... The sculpture of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave. The doors of the shrine are the hands of the people who keep it. The big monks, with a figure above their heads, are tied around their bows and archways, leaning on the tall monks with a figure over their heads. They are encircled by the bow and archway. Across the back of the window is a ruin... The door of the cave is the hands of those who maintain it; the hands of those who keep it; the hands of the dwarfs with flying figures, tied to their bows and archways; the hands of the tall monks with flying figures, tied to their bows and archways; the back of the window leads to a ruinous shrine; the back of the window leads to a ruinous shrine. The south side of this cave has a cave, which can be used as a cave; the shrine is a cave, about six metres (21 feet) deep and five feet high; the temple is a small room, about six meters (21 feet) deep and five feet high; there are statues of a stone with a sun and a moon, a mother and a child, and a broken child... The sculpture of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave; the door of the cave is the hands of the guards; the hands of the giants with flying figures, their hands tied around the archway; the arches of the archway are a ruin... the archway is a ruin... the archway is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... a 17th century record says that the cave has a beautiful entrance with a porch of marble, two idols, one of the Goddess Venerable and one of the head in a square seat... Across the archway is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... The archway is a ruin... Across the archway is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... The south side of the cave is a cave, which can be used as a cave. The altar is a small temple, about six meters (21 feet) deep and five feet high; it has a porch with a granite dome, and a golden altar, and two Buddha statues... The statues of a stone with a sun and a moon, a mother and a child, and a broken child... The shrine is the hands of the people who own it; the hands of the giants with flying figures, tied around the archway; the back of the archway leads to a ruin, the back of the archway leads to a ruin. The west of the hill, in the middle of the main road, there is a large dry pond, with big artificial boulders and buddhisattva cisterns. The statue of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave; the door is the hands of the guards; the hands of the giants with flying figures, tied around the archway; the hands of the tall monks, tied around the archway; the skull and back of the archway are in ruin... The head of the archway is in ruin... The tiger is guarding the entrance to the cave. The temple is a plain room, about six metres (21 feet) deep and five feet high. The temple is a small room, about six meters (21 feet) deep and five feet high; the temple is a small room, about six metres (21 feet) deep and five feet high; there are statues of a stone with a sun and a moon, and a mother and a child and a broken baby... Across the archway, there is a ruin “This is a statue of the tiger and the gargoyles who worship the tiger in the cave. The sculpture of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave. The statue of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave. The statue of the tiger guards the entrance to the cave. The temple is a small room, about six meters (21 feet) deep and five feet high. There are statues of a stone with a sun and a moon and a mother and a child, and a broken child. The north side of the cave has a cave, which can be used as a cave. The temple is a cave, about six meters (21 feet) deep and five feet high; there is a porch with a granite dome and a golden altar, and two Buddha statues. The shrine is the hands of the people who maintain it. The big monks, with their heads tied up, sit on the heads of the tall monks, tied up by the archway. Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a ruin... Across the archway, there is a It was reauthorized to preserve elephanta island in all its majesty with its monuments. The island was governed by legislation and with the assistance of the arts and cultural facilities of the island. The government administered the law and protected the monument by legislation. This law made a reference to the Ancient Monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean, and a provision for mining, quarrying, blasting, excavation, and other work near the monument. The Antiquities and Art Treasures Law, which was enacted in 1966, was promulgated in 1972, and its laws promulgated in 1973. A notification was issued in 1985, confirming the entire island and a distance of a mile and a half. The government, through its law, took care of the statue, and protected it. The statute refers to the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1966, enacted in 1972, and its laws were promulgated in 1973. The statute mentions the Ancient Monuments and the Archeological remains of the Indian Ocean, and proposes mining, quarrying, digging, excavation, and construction of a monument near it. This legislation determines the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean. The monuments are protected by legislation. The province administers the law and protects the monuments by laws. The laws of the ancient inscriptions and the treasures of the Indian Ocean contain provisions for mining, quarrying, blasting, excavation and other works near the monument. The rock face is stabilized, the cave structures are stabilised, the floors of the caves are strengthened, and the parapet wall around the site is created. The archaeological survey of india (asi) is responsible for maintaining the monuments on the basis of the above regulations and laws. The government took care of the statue and protected it. The statute speaks of the ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and offers the prospect of digging, blasting, excavation, and construction of a monument near it. The statute refers to the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act of 1966, passed in 1972, and its laws passed in 1973. The statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean, and proposes mining, quarrying, blasting, excavation and other works near the monument. The province administers the statute and protects the monument. The legislation states that ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean are to be protected by legislation. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the protection of the monuments under the following laws and laws. The archeological survey of india (asi) administers the preservation of the monuments on the basis of the above regulations and laws. Besides, visitors' facilities have been upgraded at the site (e.g., toilets, railings, walkways, and steps from the jetty to the caves)... This law declares that ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean are to be protected by legislation. The government administers the law and protects the monument by legislation. This law relates to the ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to mine, quarry, dig, excavate, and work near the monument. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the protection of the monuments under the following laws and regulations. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the preservation of the monuments in accordance with the above laws and regulations. The provincial government administers the legislation and protects the monuments. The statute refers to the antiquities and artefacts act of 1966, passed in 1972, and passed in 1973. The statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes mining, quarrying, digging, and excavation of a monument near it. The statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean, and proposes mining, quarrying, excavation, and other works near it. The rock face is stabilized, the caves are strengthened, the floors of the caves are strengthened, and the parapet walls around the site are enlivened. The department of archeology, asi, oversees the preservation of monuments. The department oversees the department and oversees the restoration of monuments. The restoration of the island was undertaken by the government through its legislation. The granting of these awards was also supported by the arts and cultural institutions. The archeological survey of India (asi) is responsible for the preservation of the monuments in accordance with the above laws and regulations. The provincial government administers the law and protects the monuments. The law relates to the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, and excavate near the monument. The statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, excavation, and excavation of a monument near it. The law mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, excavation and other work near it. The statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, excavate and build a monument near it. The state administers the law and protects the monuments. This statute mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, excavation and other works near it. The provincial government administers the law and protects the monuments. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the monuments according to the following laws and regulations. This law refers to the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, excavation and other work near the monument. The statue is stabilized, the cave structures are strengthened, the floors of the caves are strengthened, and the stone wall around the monument is enlarged. The statue is restored, and the monument is protected by legislation. The site is conserved, and the whole of the grants are used to preserve the caves. This law indicates that the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean are to be protected by legislation. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the protection of monuments according to the above laws and regulations. The department of archeology, asi, oversees the preservation of monuments, and the conservation of monuments. The state administers the law and protects the monuments. This act makes reference to the ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, and dig at a distance of a mile and a half. The National Parks Department administers the archeology of India (Asi) administers the monuments according to the above laws and regulations. This law mentions the ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, dig and dig at a distance of a mile and a half. This law mentions the ancient monuments and archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, dig and dig at a distance of a mile and a half. This law mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, dig and dig at a distance. The government administers the law and protects the monuments. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the monuments in accordance with the above laws and regulations. The law refers to the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, excavation and other work at the monument. This law indicates that the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean are to be protected by legislation. The law mentions the ancient monuments and the archaeological remains of the Indian Ocean and proposes to dig, quarry, dig, excavation and other works near it. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the monuments according to the above laws and regulations. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the monuments according to the above laws and regulations. The archeological survey of India (asi) administers the monuments according to the above laws and regulations. The monuments are safeguarded by legislation. The monuments are safeguarded by legislation. The statue is restored, the monument is protected by legislation, and all the grants are spent on the preservation of the monument. The city council takes care of the statue and protects it. Moreover, a long-standing Indian trust for art and culture (intach) is actively involved in the field survey of India, and it has a part in improving the local condition of the caves. a book has been written jointly by unesco, intach and the government of india, which is a detailed description of the work done at the caves.