 All this is in response to the wishes of two or three police officers, who are placed in uk police forces and, on occasion, to gather intelligence, in some cases to dissuade the protestors, and to discourage any anti-social behaviour... ‘forward-intelligence’ is an expression used by the uk police to gather intelligence on the ground and in some cases to dissuade the ‘police splinter’. In their investigation, they use cameras, camcorders and audio-microphones, and they conduct covert surveillance of the public... And they act in response to the wishes of two or three police officers, who are placed in the uk police forces, and sometimes to gather intelligence, in some cases to dissuade the protesters and to discourage the behaviour of antisocial people... ” Forward intelligence” is an expression used by the uk police to gather intelligence on the ground and in some cases to dissuade the ‘police splinter’. The police use cameras, camcorders and audiomicrophones in their investigations, and they systematically look for the public... journalists complain that the fit attempts to prevent them from photographing the protests and that they spy on journalists... ” And they act according to the wishes of two or three police officers, who are placed in the uk police forces and sometimes gather intelligence, in some cases to dissuade the protestors and discourage the behaviour of antisocial people... “Then the police use cameras, camcorders and microphones to spy on the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones, and systematically look for the public... The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protests and that the police spy on them... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... The press use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they gather intelligence on the ground and sometimes prevent the antisocial people from doing something bad... - Forward intelligence is an expression used by the police to gather intelligence on the ground and sometimes to dissuade the "police splinter". - In the same way, the police use camera, camcorder and audiomicrophones, and they systematically look for the public... journalists complain that the fit attempts to prevent them from taking photographs of the protests and that they spy on the journalists... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they are systematically looking for the public. The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and that the police spy on them... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they do covert surveillance of the public... And they act in response to the wishes of two or three police officers, placed in the police, and sometimes gather intelligence, in some cases to dissuade the protestors and prevent the antisocial people... " Then the police use cameras, camcorders and microphones to spy on the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they do covert surveillance of the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they do systematically look for the public... The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protests and spying on the journalists... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they do systematically look for the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they do systematically look for the public... - And they do it according to the wishes of two or three police officers, who are placed in the uk police forces, and sometimes they gather intelligence, in some cases they discourage the protesters and discourage the antisocial people... - Forward intelligence is an expression used by the uk police to gather intelligence on the ground and sometimes they do not persuade the 'police splinter' In police investigation, they use cameras, camcorders and microphones, and they covertly look for the public... And they act according to the wishes of two or three police officers, who are placed in the police, and sometimes they gather intelligence, in some cases they enlighten the protesters and discourage the antisocial... "Then the police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they covertly look for the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they covertly look for the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they covertly look for the public... The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they covertly look for the public... And they do it according to the wishes of two or three police officers, placed in the police, and sometimes they gather intelligence, in some cases they convince the protesters and discourage the antisocial people... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they are surveillance of the public... And they do it according to the wishes of two or three police officers, placed in the police, and sometimes they gather intelligence, in some cases they can convince the protesters and ward off the antisocial people... '...'''Forward intelligence' is an expression used by the police to gather intelligence on the ground and sometimes they don't convince the "police splinter"...'''Forward intelligence' is an expression used by the police to gather intelligence on the ground and sometimes they don't convince the "police splinter"... And they act according to the wishes of two or three police officers, placed in the police, and sometimes they gather intelligence, in some cases they persuade the protestors and dissuade the antisocial people... - Forward intelligence is an expression used by the police to gather intelligence on the ground and in some cases to persuade the "police splinter"... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations and they look for the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they systematically look for the public... The press complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations and systematically look for the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protests and spying on the journalists... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - And they do it according to the wishes of two or three police officers, placed in the police, and sometimes gather intelligence, in some cases they enlighten the protesters and discourage the antisocial people... - - The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and systematically look for the public... - The press complains that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on journalists... - The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... ... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public.... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public... The police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public.... The press complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists.... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... In the same way, the police use cameras, camcorders and microphones in their investigations, and they examine the public systematically... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists......... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists....... The police complain that the fit prevents them from recording the protest and spying on the journalists...... It is precisely in a complete patrolling that the keepers of criminals have the opportunity of returning to their senses... ” It is precisely in the full process of patrolling that the criminals are finally able to come to their senses...' linda catt, an activist, has argued that their methods are "designed to intimidate and prevent lawful dissent"... he was also convinced that during the 2008 camp for climate action the police blamed fits for disrupting the protesters. - in june 2010 the provincial office announced that they would review the use of fits for public order policing... " And the force that conducts police is just a temporary clampdown... It is precisely in a uniform clampdown that the keepers of the criminals come to their senses... ”linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that the police have "strange methods for stopping the expressions of the people"... he was also convinced that in the 2008 camp for climate action the police blamed the clampdown on the protesters. In the month of July 2010, the provincial police agency announced that they would rethink the use of fits for public order...... he was also convinced that during the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the clampdown on the protesters... - in october 2010 officers in plain clothes were observed by a photographer at a protest against the companies that were not taxed, despite bob broadhurst, the chief of police in May, stating in May that only uniformed officers distinguishable by their blue and yellow jackets were involved in gathering intelligence at protests... It is precisely in the general scrutiny that the criminals come to their senses.” In the month of July 2010, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits for public order.... - linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that the police have "poor methods for stopping the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - october 2010 officers in plain clothes were observed by a photographer at a protest against the'sudden' enterprises,' - in May bob broadhurst, the police chief, said in May that only uniformed officers distinguishable by their blue and yellow jackets were able to gather intelligence at protests - - he was also convinced that during the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - And the police consists only of temporary restraints. It is precisely in a uniform restraint that the criminals come to their senses... - linda catt, a former slob, argued that their methods "do not protect the expressions of the people", - he was also convinced that during the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In the month of July, the provincial police office announced that they would rethink the use of fits for public order... - linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that the police have "strange methods for preventing the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - And the police is only a temporary protection. It is precisely in a uniform repression that the criminals come to their senses... in the month of July 2010, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits for order... - linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that their methods "do not protect the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that during the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In July 2010, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits for order... linda catt, a former protester, argued that the police "have strange methods for arresting the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 campaign for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. linda catt, an activist, has asserted that their methods "insulate and prevent dissent" - he was also convinced that during the 2008 camp for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - october 2010 officers in plain clothes were observed by a photographer at a protest against the companies which were not taxed, despite bob broadhurst, the police chief, in May, saying that only uniformed officers with blue and yellow jackets could gather information at protests - he was also convinced that during the 2008 camp for climate action the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In July, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits... linda catt, a former protester, said that the police "have strange methods for preventing the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the protesters. - in june 2010 the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits... linda catt, a former protester, argued that the police "have strange methods for preventing the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In the month of July, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits... linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that the police "have strange methods for preventing the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that in the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In July 2010, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits... linda catt, a former protester, argued that their methods "do not protect the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that during the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - october 2010 officers in plain clothes were observed by a photographer at a protest against "unlicensed" companies, despite bob broadhurst, the police chief, saying in May that only uniformed officers with blue and yellow jackets could gather information at protests - he was also convinced that during the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. - linda catt, a former slob, argued that their methods "did not protect the people" - he was also convinced that during the 2008 climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. In July, the provincial police office announced that they would reconsider the use of fits... linda catt, a former campaigner, argued that the police "had strange methods of preventing the expressions of the people" - he was also convinced that during the climate action camp the police blamed the arrest on the protesters. " In Denis o'Connor, the chief inspector of the constabulary, affirmed that the use of fits at the protests “raises fundamental privacy concerns and must be reviewed.” he added that there was a great deal of confusion over the roles of the fits, and he advised the police chief to make a note of the legality of the surveillance of the protesters and of the storage of images. Denis o'Connor, the chief inspector of the constabulary, affirmed that the use of fits at the protests “has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly examined.” He added that there was much confusion over the role of the fits and that the police chief should take note of the legality of the surveillance of the protesters and of the storage of images. photographs taken by fits are used to make "spotter cards" which consist of people's photographs which officers can use to identify people at future events they attend. For £ 10, people can obtain a list of protests that they attended from the data collected under the laws of the data protection act 1998. Denis o'Connor, the chief inspector of the police, affirmed that the use of fits at the protests "has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly investigated." He added that there was a great deal of confusion about the roles of the fits, and advised the chief inspector of the police to make a note of the legality of the surveillance of the protesters and the storage of images., the city he is a marching force, and the committee for civil and military affairs and public affairs is a strong one. The Council for Civil and Military Affairs, in 2007 (indicated in early 2007), campaigns against fit by an active obstinate way of preventing their operations and by passively opposing their activities by photographing their participants (a form of scolding)... The following article, the economics of mass surveillance, estimates that the surveillance of fit at mass events consists in gathering information about about 1, 000 people to record the movements of one person. Denis o'Connor, the chief inspector of the police, affirmed that the use of fits at the protests “has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly investigated.” He added that there was a great deal of confusion about the role of the fits, and he advised the chief inspector of the police to take note of the legality of the surveillance of the protesters and of the preservation of images. In the course of the month of June 2009, the police chief announced in a surveillance of two women from the 'fitwatch' that the officers had been severely assaulted by fit-watch. The two women had posed for photos to be used for evidence, but they were forcefully forced to the ground, and were compelled to use handcuffs and girdles to hold their legs. In order to preserve the privacy of the public, Denis o'Connor, the chief police chief, said that the use of fits in the 'fitness' "has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly examined." The officers, in fact, had been watching the victims of fit-watch, and they were all in a hurry to shoot the officers, who had refused to release their shoulder-numbers. In this article the economics of mass surveillance he explained that the surveillance of fit-watchers consists in gathering information about about 1, 000 people for recording the movements of a person. For a fee of 10, a person may obtain a list of the events that they attended from the information collected under the laws of the data protection act 1998. In a month in June 2009, the police chief announced in a surveillance of two women from a "fit watch" that the officers had been severely assaulted by the fit watch. They had had photos taken by the fit watch to be used as evidence, but they were hurriedly forced to the ground and were forced to use their hands as bandages. The police chief added that there was a great deal of confusion about the role of the fit watch, and he advised the police chief to note the legality of the surveillance of the fit watch and the preservation of images. Denis o'Connor, the police chief, affirmed that the use of fits at the protest "has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly examined." The following article, the economics of mass surveillance, states that the surveillance of fit watch is composed of about 1, 000 people who record the movement of a person. The two women have taken photos to make evidence, but they are forcefully thrown down and have to be confined to a handcuff or a bandage. For a sum of 10, they can obtain a list of the protests they attended from the information obtained by the law of the GDPR. In this article, the economics of mass surveillance, he says, the surveillance of fit watch is composed of a few hundred people to record the movement of a person. In this article, the economics of mass surveillance, he estimates that the surveillance of fit watch at mass events is composed of gathering information about one person, about 1, 000 people, to record the movement of a person. The following article, the economics of mass surveillance, says that the surveillance of fit watch consists in gathering information about 1, 000 people to record the movement of a person. For a fee of 10, one can obtain a list of the protests they attended from the information collected under the laws of the 'data protection act'. The two women, posed for photos to be used to make "spotter cards", which consist of the photographs of people who have been used by the fit watch as evidence, but who were forced to wear handcuffs and handcuffs to support their legs. , the city is a marching force, and the public affairs committee is a strong one. Denis o'Connor, the public affairs committee, affirmed that the use of fits in "fitness" “has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly examined.” In this article, the economics of mass surveillance, he states that the surveillance of fit at mass events consists of gathering information about one person, about one thousand people, to record the movements of a person. In the course of a month in June, the public affairs committee announced in a surveillance of two women of a 'fitness' that the police officers were severely assaulted by the watch, they had taken photos to give evidence, but were forcefully forced to the ground and had to wear handcuffs and girdles to support their legs. The two women posed for photographs to be used for evidence, but they were forcefully thrown to the ground and forced to wear handcuffs and bandages. Denis o'Connor, the police chief, affirmed that the use of fits in the 'fitness' "has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly investigated." Denis o'Connor, the police chief, affirmed that the use of fits in the 'fitness' "has fundamental privacy concerns and must be thoroughly examined." The following article, the economics of mass surveillance, estimates that the surveillance of fit at mass events consists in gathering information about one person, about 1, 000 people, to record the movements of a person. Two women posed for photographs to be used to make "spotter cards," which consist of the photographs of people who were filmed by the fit watch and who were forced to wear handcuffs and leg-bands. The police chief added that there was much confusion about the roles of the fit, and advised the police chief to note the legality of the surveillance of the fit watch and the preservation of images. In this article, the economics of mass surveillance, he stated that the surveillance of the fit watch consists of a few hundred people to record the movements of a person. For a price of 10, they can obtain a list of the protests they attended from the data collected under the law of the GDPR. Denis o'Connor, the chief of police, affirmed that the use of fits in the fitment "has fundamental privacy I’m watching, I’m logging, and... crossings... ” a police report on the operation in kingsnorth praised the use of fits, saying that they “were very effective, gained intelligence and disturbed.”... three members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for intervening in a no-fail meeting in London, The officers’ report in kingsnorthpraised the fit-operations, saying that they were ‘a very effective and useful tool, and their effect was muddled.’ in july 2010 the Inner London Crown Court overturned the verdict of the men, with the judge stating that the men’s human rights may have been violated by the fit-operations. On 15 november 2010 the hosts of the fit-watch blog were asked by the police national e-mail to take down the blog because it was ‘under threat of criminal activity’. This request came in response to a post by the blog about the student protest in london in which they warned them of a few steps they could take if they were worried about being photographed at the protest, such as cutting their hair or donating their clothing to the fit-operation. Three members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for intervening in a no-fail meeting in London. In July 2010, the Inner London Crown Court overturned the verdict of the men, stating that the men's human rights might have been violated by the fit. In July 2010, the police report of the Fitwatch operation praised the use of fits, saying that they were'very effective, they gained intelligence and disturbed'. The Fitwatch report praised the use of fits, saying that they "were very effective, they gathered intelligence and disturbed. " Three members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for joining in the no-fail meeting in London. The site of Fitwatch was in London, re-registered in the uk. The article on Fitwatch's website in London told the guardian: "Never has this article been mentioned on our blog or on other sites. " Emily Apple, the founder of the site, told the guardian: "Not a word of this post [on the guidance of the student protesters] has not been said before on our blog or on other sites... in july 2010 the Inner London City Court overturned the verdict of the men, with the judge saying that human rights of the men might be violated by the exercise of such exercises. The police report of kingsnorth praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective and useful, and that they were troublesome. " In July 2010 the Inner London County Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the men's human rights might have been violated by the exercise of these exercises. The Fitwatch report praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they gained intelligence and disturbed the men. " Three members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for intervening in a no-fail meeting in London. The official in charge of the public order police in the region, bob broadhurst, the public prosecutor, said in a statement to the district police in 2008 that journalists, if they receive a valid accreditation, can continue their work... " In July 2010, the district police report praised the use of fits, saying that they "were very effective, they were very ardent and dissolute. " In July 2010, the district police report praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective, they gathered intelligence and disturbed". In July 2010, the district police report praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective, they were heedless, and very noisy". On 15 November 2010 the hosts of the Fitwatch blog were asked by the police national email to take down the blog, because it was "under threat of criminality". This request came in response to a post by the blog about the student protest in London, warning them that they could cut their hair or donate their clothes to the fit organization. The fit watch reports in kingsnorthpraised the use of fits, saying that they "were very effective, they got heedless and disturbed ". The Fitwatch report in kingsnorth praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective" and that they were troublesome. The police report on the operation in kingsnorth praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective, they gained intelligence and disturbed them. " In July 2010, the Inner London County Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the men were violated by the truncation of the fit. The police report on the truncation of the fit in kingsnorth praised the use of truncations, saying that they were "very effective," that they gained intelligence and disturbed the men. The three members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for participating in a truncation in London. The members of Fitwatch were sentenced to death for participating in a truncation in London. The truncation report of the truncation in London said that "they were very effective, they were very ardent and drowsy." In July 2010, the Inner London Court overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people were likely to be violated by such activities. In July 2010, the truncation report of the truncation in London praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they were observable and restrained." In July 2010, the truncation report of the truncation report praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they were "advised and disturbed." The truncation report of the truncation report praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective", that they gained knowledge and disturbed". On 15 November 2010 the hosts of the truncation blog were asked by the police e-mail to remove the blog, because it was "under threat of criminality". The article in the truncation report of the truncation blog said: "Not a word of this post on the guidance of the student protesters has ever been mentioned on our blog or on other sites. " The truncation report of the police in kingsnorth praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective", they gained intelligence and disturbed. In July 2010 the Inner London Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people might be violated by the exercise of this action. In July 2010, the Inner London Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people might be violated by the use of these actions. In July 2010 the Inner London Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people could be violated by such an act. The Fitwatch Council praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they gained intelligence and disturbed them. The Fitwatch Council praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they gained intelligence and disturbed them. In July 2010 the Inner London County Council overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people could be violated by the fit. The fitwatch council praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they gained intelligence and disturbed them. In July 2010, the inner London Commission overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people might be violated by the fit. In July 2010, the Inner London Commission overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people might be violated by these exercises. The Fitwatch Commission overturned the verdict of the men, saying that human rights were violated by the fit. The fit watch, in the district of London, praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective", that they were "advised and disturbed"; In July 2010, the police report of the fit protest in London praised the use of fits, saying that they were "very effective," that they "got and disturbed"; in July 2010, the police report of the fit protest in London praised the use of fits, saying that they "got" and "wretchedness"; the police report of the fit protest in London praised the use of fits, saying that they "were very effective," that they "got" and "wretchedness". In July 2010, the inner London Court overturned the verdict of the men, saying that the rights of the people were likely to be violated by such acts. Three members of Fit Watch were sentenced to death for arranging a no-fail meeting in London. The staff of the in-laws' office in London said in a letter to the public prosecut They are all received in the city by the gardiest of officials, the plain-clothes officers, who confront and videotape the freed prisoners when they are released from prison. The officers also videotape the activities of people in anti-social behavior on the streets. The aim is to give the other gardiest of officers up to date information on the appearance of those who have broken the law... The policemen who receive them are plain-clothed officers who confront and videotaped the freed prisoners when they were released from prison. The officers also film the incidents of people who have offended. They receive the officers from the policemen in plain-clothes and escort them to the jail to film. Then, they collect video of them on the screen in rooms where they fill out their paperwork, the video is then uploaded to youtube in an effort to catch people they think have been offended. The aim is to give the other policemen an update on the disposition of those who have violated the law. They all receive their officers in the city by the most discreet of officers, the most modest, who confront and film the released prisoners when they have been released from prison. The officers also film the incidents of those who have offended them. The officers receive them in uniform, who face them and film the victims when they are released from prison. The officers are also videotaped by the officers when they are released from prison. The officers also record the offended parties. The officers receive them from the plain-clothed policemen, who confront and videotape the release of the freed prisoners after they have been released from prison. The officers also film the incidents of those who have offended them. The aim is to give the other policemen an update on the behavior of those who have broken the law... since the work of the unit was launched in 2006, more than 900 people have been filmed by the unit. They all receive the officers from the policemen in plain-clothes, and escort them to the jail to film. They also film the incidents of those who have offended them. They are all received in the city by the sexiest officials, the plain-clothes policemen, who confront and videotape the freed prisoners when they are released from prison; they also film the offended persons. The aim is to give the other sexiest officers an update on the behaviour of those who have broken the law. They are all received in the city by the sexiest officials, the most modest, who confront and film the released prisoners when they are released from prison; the sex officers also film the offended parties; they receive them in uniform, they meet and film the offended persons, they also film the offended parties. The officers receive them in uniform, they face and film the victims when they are released from prison; the officers also videotaped the offended persons. The officers receive them from the sex, they take them to the jail to film; they collect videos of them on the screen, in the rooms where they fill out their papers, and upload the videos to youtube in order to catch those they think have offended. Then they take the video of the offended persons and tell them what has offended them. Since the establishment of the police in 2006, more than 900 people have been filmed by the sex... it is unknown how long data collected by the sex is to be kept, but gmp has assumed that it will be kept for five years. The sex is the "fair and reasonable" response to a crime, and that it is not the case that the public is being targeted in a premeditated way for what they might do in the future.