 wrapped in red is the sixth studio album by the american recording artist kelly clarkson, released on october 25 by rca.... “That’s the second part of the plan,” he said. “That is the second part of the plan,” he said. “This is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on october 25, by rca. wrapped in red is the sixth album of the american artist kelly clarkson, released on october 25, by rca... in fact, this is her first Christmas album and the first to be released by rca alone. It is written by greg kurstin, and contains five original songs and eleven duo-folk arrangements of Christmas carols and songs, two of which are duets with recording artists ronnie dunn, reba mcentire, and trisha yearwood. "That is the second part of the plan," he said. "This is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on 25 October by rca. " The rca version of this is wrapped in red, the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on 25 October by rca. It is a CD from the American musician kelly clarkson, released on 25 October by rca. " It is a song of christmas by kelly clarkson, a music from the soundtracks of the classics: a black-and-white Christmas, a white Christmas, a singer-songwriter ronnie dunn, a singer-songwriter rebecca mcentire, and trisha yearwood. It is a Christian album, a sixth Christmas album from kelly clarkson, released on 25 October by rca. " This is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, which was released on 25 October by rca... He told me this was his second plan. It was the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. “That is the second plan,” he said. “This is the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. The label’s version of this is a version of this song of Christmas by kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is a collection of Christian and Christmas songs from kelly clarkson’s songs, which were arranged by the composer greg kurstin, and is a compilation of five original songs and eleven duo-folk arrangements of Christmas carols and songs, with two of these duets featuring the composer ronnie dunn, rebecca mcentire, and trisha yearwood. It is the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. “This is the second part of the plan,” he said. “This is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is a Christian album, the sixth Christmas album from kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. The red jacket was her first Christmas album and the first to be released by rca. The red jacket was the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. The vinyl version is the version of the song of Christmas by kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is a collection of Christmas songs from kelly clarkson's songs, which were arranged by greg kurstin, and consists of five original songs and eleven duo-folk arrangements of Christmas songs, two of which are duets with the composer ronnie dunn, rebecca mcentire and trisha yearwood. This is the sixth album of the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. " This is the second part of the plan," he said, "this is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25 by rca. It is the sixth album of the american musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is a Christian album, a sixth Christmas album from kelly clarkson, released on October 25, by rca. It is the American musician kelly clarkson, released on October 25 by rca. ... in 2015, when the songs were finished, clarkson brought out the second single and held a holiday benefit, "Merry Christmas" at the bridgestone inferno, on the 20th of November. * clarkson had been thinking of making a christmas album for a long time, having released songs such as "O Holy Night" and "My Christmas List," on the American idol: the Great Holiday Classics (2003), "I'll be home for christmas" on itunes (2011), and also on blake shelton's 'Christmas and cheers' album (2012). ... in 2015, after the songs had been finished, clarkson put out the second single and held a holiday party on the 20th of November, at the Bridgestone inferno. The theme of the holiday concert was: “O Holy Night” and “My Christmas List” on the American idol: “The Great Holiday Classics” (2002), “I’ll be home for Christmas,” on itunes (2005), and “Granny and Cheer” (2012), and the Christmas Album. ” “Why did you want to make the Christmas Album,” she said, “is it country or pop, or rock? what kind of music are you?” and, what was cool about making the Christmas Album, she said: “I’ve been thinking of making a Christmas album for a long time, with songs like “O Holy Night” and “My Christmas List,” released by the American idol: the Great Holiday Classics (2002), “The Merry Christmases” (2012), “the Christmas and Christmas Songs” (2012). ‘Why did you decide to record the Christmas album?’ she asked, ‘is it country or pop, or rock?’ and the subject of the Christmas album was ‘O Holy Night and My Christmas List’, on the American idol: ‘The Great Holiday Classics’, ‘The Merry Christmases’, ‘The Christmas and Christmas Songs’ (2012).... in 2015, when the songs had finished, clarkson released the second single and held a holiday party, ‘Merry Christmas’, at the Bridgestone inferno, on November 20. The theme of the concert was ‘O Holy Night and My Christmas List’ on the American idol: ‘The Great Holiday Classics’, ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ on itunes, ‘Granny and Merry’, and the Christmas Album.’ ‘Why did you want to make a Christmas album?’ she asked, ‘is it a country song or pop or a rock song?’ ‘That’s what the world is about! During the song’s duration, he played a special Christmas concert, called ‘Merry Christmas’ at the Bridgestone inferno. Afterwards, he would recite the song ‘Merry Christmas’ on the American idol: ‘Merry Christmas’ on itunes (2005), ‘Merry Christmas’ on itunes (2005), and ‘Merry Christmas’ on itunes (2005), and ‘Merry Christmas’ on itunes ‘Merry Christmas’ and ‘Merry Christmas’ on the American idol. ‘ Why do you want to make a Christmas album?’ he would ask, ‘is it a country song, a pop song, a rock song?’ ‘That’s what the world is all about!’ clarkson had been longing to release a Christmas album with songs like ‘O Holy Night’ and ‘My Christmas List’ on the American idol: ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ on itunes, ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ on itunes, and ‘Mr. Claus’ on ‘The Christmas Album’. ‘Why did you decide to record the Christmas album?’ she asked, ‘is it country or pop, or rock?’ and the subject of the album was ‘O Holy Night and My Christmas List’ on the American idol: ‘The Great Holiday Classics’, ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ on itunes, ‘Granny and Cheer’, and the Christmas Album.’ ‘It’s the way we are!’ ‘Why did you want to make the Christmas album?’ she asked, ‘is it country or pop, or rock?’ and she asked, ‘Why did you decide to make a Christmas album?’ In fact, after the songs had been finished, clarkson released the second single and held a holiday party, Merry Christmas, at the Bridgestone inferno, on the 20th of November.'Why did you make the Christmas album?' she asked, 'is it country, pop, rock?' and 'Why did you decide to make the Christmas album?' she asked, 'is it country, pop, rock?' and she asked, 'why did you decide to make the Christmas album?' 'Why did you want to make the Christmas album,' she said, 'is it country, pop, rock, what do you want to do?''Why did you want to make the album,' she asked, 'is it country, pop, rock, and what songs do you want to make?' and, what was the fun of making the album, she said, 'I have long wanted to make an album of Christmas songs, like 'O Holy Night' and 'My Christmas List', on the American idol, 'I will be home for Christmas', 'I will be home for Christmas' on itunes, and 'Mr. Claus' on 'The Christmas Album'. In 2015, after the songs were finished, clarkson brought out the second single and held a Christmas concert, Merry Christmas, at the Bridgestone inferno, on November 20, the theme of the concert was 'O Holy Night and My Christmas List', on the American idol: 'I will be home for Christmas', 'I will be home for Christmas' on itunes, and 'I will be Merry' on itunes, and 'Merry Christmas' on the American idol.'' This is how it is!''It is!'''Why did you want to make a Christmas album,' she said, 'is it country or pop, or rock?' ' In 2015, when the songs were finished, clarkson released the second single and had a holiday party, Merry Christmas, at the Bridgestone inferno on the 20th of November. After the songs were finished, clarkson released the second single and had a holiday party, Merry Christmas, at the Bridgestone inferno on the 20th of November. “Why did you want to make the Christmas album?” she asked, “is it country, pop, rock,” and she asked, “why did you want to make the Christmas album?” “Why did you want to make the Christmas album?” “Why did you want to make the Christmas album?” “It is country, pop, rock,” she said, “and what did you want to make the album of?” “Why did you want to make the album,” she asked, “is it country, pop, rock?” and “why did you want to make the album?” “Why did you want to make the album of the Christmas album,” she said, “is it country, pop, rock, and what songs do you want to make?” “Why did you want to make the album of the Christmas,” she said, “is it country, pop, rock, and what do you want to make?” “Why did you want to make the album of the Christmas,” she asked, “is it country, pop, rock?” and, what was the pleasure of making the album, she said, “I’ve long wanted to make an album of Christmas songs like “O Holy Night” and “My Christmas List,” on the American idol: “I’ll be home for Christmas,” on itunes, “I’ll be home for Christmas,” on itunes, and “Merry Christmas” on the American idol. In 2015, when the songs were finished, clarkson put out the second single and held a Christmas concert, Merry Christmas, at the Bridgestone inferno, on the 20th of November. “Why did you make the Christmas album?” she asked, “is it country, pop, rock, and what do you want?” and, what was the fun of making the album, she said, “I’ve long wanted to make an album of Christmas songs, like “O Holy Night and “My Christmas List” on the American idol: “I’ll be home for Christmas,” on itunes, and “I’ll be Merry” on itunes At the same time, we were made to sing a chorus in the hollywood tavern. Our instruments were recorded at the eastern studios in hollywood and our voices were recorded at the hollywood tavern... while orchestral tracks were recorded at the east-west studios in hollywood and features vocals recorded in the barn studio in nashville... “The best part was that we got to go back to the roots of our profession... And we were given the task of singing in the tavern in Hollywood. Our instruments were recorded in the eastern studios in Hollywood, and our voices were recorded in the tavern... And the orchestral music was recorded in the west studios in Hollywood, and the vocals were recorded in the barn studio in nashville. “The best thing was that we were given the opportunity to go back to the roots of our profession...’ he added. ‘When she began to sing, it was clear she had the chops and had been taught anything...’ ‘It was best of all that we had the opportunity to go back to the roots of our profession’ he added. ‘When she started to sing, it was clear she had the talent and she had been taught everything she wanted...’ he added, ‘and it pays off.’ Moreover, we were made to sing in the Hollywood tavern. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood tavern, and our voices were recorded in the cinema tavern. And the orchestral music was recorded in the west Hollywood tavern, and the vocals were recorded in the nashville studios. And we were made to sing in the Hollywood tavern. Our instrument recordings were made in the eastern Hollywood tavern, and our voices were made in the cinema tavern. Then he had the pleasure of teaching a chamber orchestra in a chapel. And we were assigned the task of singing in the tavern in Hollywood. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and our vocals were recorded in the west Hollywood studio, and we sung in the tavern. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were assigned to sing in the tavern in Hollywood. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices were recorded in the tavern, and the orchestral music was recorded in the west Hollywood studio, and the vocals were recorded in the nashville studio. And we were also called to sing in Hollywood. Then he had the pleasure of teaching the choir in a chapel. And the best part was that we had the opportunity to go back to the roots of our profession... When she began singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything... “ and it paid off.” “The best part of all was that we got to go back to the roots of our profession,” he added, “when she started singing, it was obvious that she had the talent and had been taught everything she wanted... ” he added, “and that was the best of all!” “When she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything she wanted...” At the same time, we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded at the eastern studios in Hollywood, and our voices at the cinema studios, and our vocals were recorded at the tavern. And we were also called to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Then he was honored to teach a choir in a chapel. “The best thing was that we had the chance to go back to the roots of our profession,” he added. “When she began singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything...” “When she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything”... “And that was the best part.” “The best part of it was that we were given the chance to go back to the roots of our profession,” he added. “When she began singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything...” —but i never had to do anything like that before — I did all my backup vocals, basically my choir... “ And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the west Hollywood studio. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Then he had the pleasure of teaching a chamber orchestra in a chapel. Then he had the pleasure of teaching a choir in a chapel. And then he was given the task of singing in the Hollywood tavern. Our instruments were recorded at the eastern studios in Hollywood and our voices at the cinema studios, and we sang in the tavern. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood tavern. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood tavern. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood tavern. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, and our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the tavern. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, and our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the tavern. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were called to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. Moreover, we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sung in the theater. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant.... But i had never been required to do anything like that before, I sang the backup, basically the choir... The best thing was that we had the opportunity to go back to the roots of our profession, he added. "When she began singing, it was clear that she had talent and was taught everything... And that was the best part." And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the tavern. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the Hollywood studio. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, we were recorded in the cinema studio, we were singing in the Hollywood studio. And then he had the pleasure of teaching a choir in a chapel. And then he had the pleasure of teaching a choir in a chapel. "The best part was that we were given the chance to go back to the roots of our profession," he added. "When she began to sing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything." "And that was the best of it." "When she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything" - but I had never been asked to do anything like that before, I sang the back-up, basically the choir - and that was the best of it." "The best of it was that we were given the chance to go back to the roots of our profession," he added. "When she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything... " And that was the best of it!" He also had the pleasure of teaching a choir in a chapel. And he had the pleasure of teaching a choir in a chapel. And he was honored to teach a choir in a chapel. And then he was honored to teach a choir in a chapel. And he was also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the Hollywood studio. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the Hollywood studio. And we were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the Hollywood studio. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant. Moreover, we were given the task of singing in the Hollywood restaurant, our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the theater. "The best thing was that we were given the chance to go back to the roots of our profession," he added, "when she began singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything." "When she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and had been taught everything" - but I had never done that before, I sang the backup, I sang the choir... And that was the best." And we were also assigned to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. We were also assigned to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also assigned to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. Our instruments were recorded in the east Hollywood studio, our voices in the cinema studio, and we sang in the theater. We were also assigned to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. And we were also assigned to sing in the Hollywood restaurant. "The best thing was that we were given the opportunity to go back to the roots of our profession," he added, "when she started singing, it was clear that she had talent and was taught everything." And the best thing was that we were given the opportunity to - she repeated. - What's good about christmas albums is that they can play jazz, rock and roll, pop, blues, all that, and it's great, it's old, it's a christmas album... - she said, - it's in them that we have to go on a journey, to explore new genres, like jazz, country and memphis. “What’s great about Christmas albums is that they’re all full of jazz, rock and roll, pop, blues, everything... they’re pretty cool, it’s old, it’s a christmas album...” she went on. “I’m an old girl... and i agree, that’s my foundation... It wasn’t then, when people brought out songs like “Death to pieces,” and “Beggar to cry on the sallows,” and so on, and it was in those days when artists were able to enliven their genres with such songs as “Fall to Pieces” and “Curtain of troubled waters,” and besides, these songs had transcended genres... ‘The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, and all that, and they’re great, they’re old, they’re a christmas album...’ she went on. ‘I’m an old woman... and I agree, that’s my foundation. ’ - she went on. ‘What’s good about Christmas albums is that they’re full of jazz, rock and roll, pop, blues, everything... they’re really good, it’s old, it’s a christmas album... ’ she went on. ‘I’m an old girl... and I agree, that’s my foundation... It was not then when artists brought out songs like ‘Death to pieces’, ‘Beggar to cry on the sallows,’ and so on, and it was in those days that artists were able to bring new life to their genres with songs like ‘Murder to Pieces’ and ‘Curtain of troubled waters’ and all that sort of stuff. And besides, those songs had transcended genres...’ But what is good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it is really nice, it is old, it is a christmas album... “ she continued. “What is good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... they are really good, it is old, it is a christmas album... “ she went on. “What is good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is a very nice album, it is old, it is a Christmas album...” she said, “it is in them that we have to go on a journey, to discover new genres, like jazz, country, memphis. But when kurstin, who used to play in a jazz band, took inspiration from a Christmas song by the vince guaraldi trio and a Christmas song by Phil spector, which gave him inspiration for the wall of sound resonance. “I am an old woman... and I agree, that is my foundation... ” she continued, “good things about Christmas albums are that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is very good, it is old, it is a Christmas album... ‘The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it’s good, it’s old, it’s Christmas’...’ she went on. ‘The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it’s good, it’s old, it’s Christmas’...’ she went on. ‘I’m an old woman... and I agree, that’s my foundation...’ she went on. ‘What’s good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, they’re a fine album, it’s old, it’s Christmas’...’ she went on. ‘What’s good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it’s a fine album, it’s old, it’s Christmas’...’ she went on. ‘What’s good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it’s a very nice album, it’s old, it’s Christmas...’ she went on. ‘The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it’s really nice, it’s old, it’s Christmas...’ - she continued. ‘I am an old woman... and I agree, that’s my foundation... “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it is very nice, it is old, it is Christmas,” she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it is very nice, it is old, it is Christmas,” she went on. “What is good about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it is very nice, it is old, it is Christmas,” she went on. “I am an old woman... and I agree, that is my foundation... “she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, and it is very nice, it is old, it is Christmas,” she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything, it is very good, it is old, it is Christmas...” “I am an old woman... and I agree, that is my foundation... “she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is a very nice album, it is old, it is Christmas...” she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is very good, it is old, it is Christmas... “she went on. “I am an old woman... and I agree, that is my foundation... ” she continued. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is very good, it is old, it is Christmas...” she went on. “The good thing about Christmas albums is that they have jazz, rock, pop, blues, everything... it is very good, it is old, it is Christmas... ” she went on. “I am an old woman... and I agree, that is my foundation... greg and i have worked together a lot, but we always just come in and sing.... but we have never written a song together.... A fine and agreeable song. Clarkson was a huge fan of “Run to my rascal,” which she said, “for it’s just as much of rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll.” The chairman of the record company remarked that the release of this single was partly inspired by the success of the carey album “My only wish for Christmas is you.” The following verse is a recording of the holiday standard “You may be merry and Merry.” Clarkson chose it for its saccharine content. “Just because it needs to be a little more rock and roll.” ' It's always a lot of fun to sing it, but we never sing it together... But you see, we didn't work together much together, we just came to sing together... It's a nice and pleasant song. Clarkson said that the record was released as a result of the success of the noisy album "My only wish for Christmas is you." The chairman of the record company said that the single was inspired by the success of the little charlatan album'My only wish for Christmas is you.' Clarkson was very fond of " Run to my rascal," which she said, because it is as much rock and roll as a little rock and roll. "The second part is a recording of the song 'Happy and cheerful,' written by clarkson and eubanks. " Every Christmas" was the first song written for the album. She also said that "Please come home to see me, it will be ringing, " was the first song to be included, after her mother's recommendation and the song's melancholy lyrics. greg and i had been in good times, but we never sung together, we only came to sing together... We always sang together, but we never sang together... It's a very good song. The chairman said that the single was released primarily because of the success of the song "My only wish for Christmas is you." Clarkson was very fond of "My only wish for Christmas is you," which she said was just as much rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll. The second part is a recording of the song "You can be merry and happy" by clarkson and eubanks. "Every Christmas" was the first song to be written for the album. The singer said that it was partly inspired by the success of the dreaded album "My only wish for Christmas is you." She added, "Please come home and ring," which was the first song, after her mother's recommendation and the sad lyrics of the song. "A nice and cheerful song. " She also said that the song "Come home and ring," by elvis presley, "blue christmas"... "Every Christmas" was the first song. Clarkson said the song was a result of the success of the swanky album "My only wish for Christmas is You. " The chairman of the company said that the release of this single was primarily influenced by the success of the abyss album "My only wish for Christmas is You." She added, "Please come home to me, I'll ring" to her first song, after the recommendation of her mother and the sad lyrics of the song. "A very pleasant song. " greg and I have been in good times, but we have never sang together, we have just come to sing together... But we have never sang together... And we never sang together, but we did not sing together... It's a very nice and cheerful song. Clarkson was very fond of "Running to my rascal" because it was rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll. The song "Running to my rascal" was arranged by clarkson, arrison, and eubanks as a companion piece to "Running to my rascal"... She also said that the song "Come to me, I'll sing," by Elvis Presley, "blue christmas", "features ronnie dunn, who was on the same page as me. " In the end it's fun to sing it, but we never sing it together... We always sang together, but we never sang together... It's a good song. " Clarkson said that the single was released primarily because of the success of the gloomy album "My only wish for Christmas is you." "My only wish for Christmas" was written by clarkson, arrison and eubanks as a companion piece to "Every Christmas." She added, "Please come home, I'll ring," which was the first song, after her mother's recommendation and the sad lyrics of the song. "You'll like it." Clarkson was very fond of "Run to my rascal," she said, because it is as much rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll. Clarkson said that the single was released primarily because of the success of the gloomy album "My only wish for Christmas is You." "This rag was also the first song, and the chairman said that the success of the noisy album "My only wish for Christmas" was primarily attributed to the success of the carefree album "My only wish for Christmas." "Run to my rascal" was written by clarkson, arrison and eubanks, and the first song, after the recommendation of her mother and the sad lyrics of the song. "My only wish for Christmas" was composed by clarkson, arrison and eubanks as a companion piece to "My only wish for Christmas". Clarkson liked "Running to my rascal" because it was rock and roll as well as a bit of rock and roll. The song "Running to my rascal" was arranged by clarkson, arrison and eubanks as a companion piece to "My only wish for Christmas." She added: "Come home, ring" as the first song, after her mother's recommendation and the sad lyrics of the song. " It's a very pleasant song." Clarkson said the single was released mainly because of the success of the grimy album "My only wish for Christmas" - she said, "It's as rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll... " And "Run to my rascal" was the first song she wrote, referring to the same fact as me, "The song "Run to my rascal" is written by clarkson, arrison and eubanks as the first song on the album. "It's a very happy song - she said, "Running to my rascal" because it is as rock and roll as a bit of rock and roll... It is a nice and cheerful song. A little tame merry song. It is a nice and pleasant song. The chairman of the company said that the release of this album was primarily due to the success of the dreary album “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “My only wish for Christmas” – “This is the first song – “You’ll like it.” Clarkson liked “My only wish for Christmas” because it was rock and roll as much as “quiet”. “My only wish for Christmas” was arranged by clarkson, arrison, and eubanks as a companion piece to the song “My only wish for Christmas.” The song “My only wish for Christmas” was arranged by clarkson, arrison, and eubanks as a companion piece to “My only wish for Christmas”. She added, “Please come back and ring,” which was the first song, after the recommendation of her mother and the sad lyrics of the song. “My only wish for Christmas” was arranged by clarkson, arrison, and eubanks as a companion piece to “My only wish for Christmas.” The chairman said that the success of this single was partly due to the success of the dismal album “My only wish for Christmas”. “Every Christmas” was the first song. Clarkson said that it was mainly because of the success of the dismal album “My only wish for Christmas”... Clarkson said that it was primarily due to the success of the downpour album “My only wish for Christmas.” “My only wish for Christmas” was arranged by clarkson, arrison and eubanks as a companion piece to “My only wish for Christmas.” “The song ‘You can be merry and happy’ by clarkson, arrison and eubanks,” “the song ‘come to me, it will be ringing’, the first song in the song, after her mother’s recommendation and the sad lyrics of the song. “It’s a very nice song. “ “My only wish for Christmas” was arranged by clar clarkson and kurstin were the voice of '4 Carats', the album's title being 'Santa-Boot', which they had originally composed for a pop band, but they were the recipient of it in a Christmas version and referred to it as a crossover between eartha kitt's 'Santa-Boot' in 1953 and madonna's'material' in 1984... It is not necessary to go anywhere near it, because she is so good... “What’s the point of going near her, because she’s so good....” clarkson and kurstin performed “4 Carats” on the album “Santa-Boot,” which they had composed for a pop band, but which they had been given to a Christmas version, and who called it a crossover between eartha kitt’s “Santa-Boot” in 1953 and Madonna’s “material” in 1984... and the opening track — the traditional carol “Melody of Silence” —was accompanied by mcentire and trisha yearwood, and concluded with a trio a capella... “The girl is so good... ” the song begins with the melody of the Christmas song, “Carrol of the Bells.” ... and the first, the "Santa Boot," which they had composed for a pop band, was released in a Christmas version, and in which they called it "Santa Boot" in 1953 and Madonna's "material" in 1984... "The girl is so good... - the song begins with the melody of the Christmas song: "Carrol of the Bells." Clarkson and kurstin played "4 Carats" on the album Santa Boot, which they had originally composed for a pop band, but which they had taken to a Christmas version, and who called it a "crossroads" between eartha kitt's "Santa Boot" in 1953 and Madonna's "material" in 1984... Besides, two other tracks were included in the deluxe edition of the album: the first, Clarkson's cover of "I'll be home for Christmas" from itunes, and the second, the first stanza of the ecclesiastical hymn "Oh, oh, oh!", the latter was also accompanied by mcentire and trisha yearwood, and ended with a trio a capella... It's not necessary to go near her, because she's so good... " Clarkson and kurstin were the voice of "4 Carats" on the album Santa Boot, which they had composed for a pop band, but which they had put into a Christmas version, and called it "Santa Boot" in 1953 and "Madame's Material" in 1984... "It's the girl who is so good... " - the song begins with the melody of the Christmas song, "Carrol of the Bells." - and the first, "Santa Boot", which they composed for a pop band, was a Christmas version and, according to them, "Santa Boot" in 1953 and "Madame's Material" in 1984... and the opening track, the traditional carol, "Melody of Silence," was accompanied by mcentire and trisha yearwood, and finished with a trio a capella. - Besides, two more tracks were included on the deluxe edition: the first, Clarkson's cover of "I'll be home for Christmas," from itunes, and the second, the first stanza of the ecclesiastical hymn "Oh, oh, oh!" - and ended with a trio a capella. - He and he sang “4 Carats” on the album Santa Boot, which they had originally composed for a pop band, but they had done it as a Christmas version, calling it ‘Santa Boot’ in 1953 and ‘Madame’s Material’ in 1984... and the first Santa Boot, which they had made for a pop band, was released in a Christmas version, calling it ‘Santa Boot’ in 1953 and ‘Madame’s Material’ in 1984... “The girl is so good...’ the song begins with the melody of the Christmas song, ‘Carrol of the Bells’. Besides, two other tracks were included in the deluxe edition: the first was the cover of Clarkson’s ‘I’ll be home for Christmas’ from itunes, and the second was the first stanza of the ecclesiastical hymn ‘Oh, oh, oh!’ and the latter was accompanied by mcentire and trisha yearwood, and the a capella ended with a trio. ‘It’s the girl who’s so good...’ and the first Santa Boot album they composed for a pop band was released in a Christmas version, and they called it Santa Boot in 1953 and Madonna’s material in 1984... ‘But it’s not necessary to go near her, because she’s so good...’ a promotion campaign was also planned for clarkson, but was halted by the pregnancy. The globe, in red, was reissued by rca, with a special edition cd and dvd, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. The globe in red was reissued by rca, along with a special edition cd and dvd exclusively sold at walmart stores in the united states. On October 15, 2013 “White Christmas” was released as a promotional single from the wrapper of red... Three days later “Under the tree” had been launched on clarkson’s vevo channel. The globe in red was reissued by rca, with a special edition cd and dvd, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. On October 15, 2013 "White Christmas" was released as a promotional single from the package of red. The bundle of red was reissued by rca, with a special edition cd and dvd exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. A television christmas special starring kelly clarkson, titled cautionary Christmas music story, was filmed by concert director hamish hamilton on the 30th of October, at the venetian las vegas., the Christmas special was an adapted version of the carol of the holiday carol. The Christmas special featured live performances of selections from the red Christmas package (including mcentire and yearwood). This year, on the evening of October 15, the television-movie "The Christmas Carol" was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who, in the course of the evening, performed the Christmas Carol at the venetian las vegas. The tv-movie was also planned for the artist, but was stopped by a pregnancy. During the holidays, an entertainment was planned for clarkson, but the baby was put an end to it. The tv-movie, with a special edition CD and DVD, was released by rca, and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. The tv-movie was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and CD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. On October 15, 2013 "White Christmas" was released as a promotional single from the red package... The red package was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and CD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. The globe was reissued by rca and with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. The globe was reissued by rca and with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD exclusively sold at walmart stores in the united states. This year, on the evening of the 15th of October, the movie "The Christmas Carol" was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who performed the Christmas Carol at the venetian Las Vegas. The tv-movie was arranged for the artist, but the baby stopped it. The tv-movie was also planned for the artist, but the pregnancy stopped it. The tv-movie was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and CD, exclusive to walmart stores. The Christmas special was adapted from the Christmas carol and performed live. The special aired on December 15, 2013 as a promotional single from the red package... On December 15, 2013 "White Christmas" was released as a promotional single from the red package... The red package was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and CD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. During the holidays, a theatrical entertainment was planned for the artist, but the baby was put an end to it. This year, on the evening of the 15th of October, the film ‘Christmas’ was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who had performed the Christmas Carol at the Hotel Venetian in Las Vegas. The film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton and filmed by Hamish Hamilton on the evening of the 15th of October, at the Hotel Venetian in Las Vegas. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby stopped it. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby stopped it. The film was filmed by rca, with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart in the united states. On the 15th of October, a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who in the evening performed the Christmas Carol at the Hotel Venetian in Las Vegas. The film was adapted from the Christmas carol and performed live. On the 15th of October, a Christmas film was filmed by rca, who released a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. The tv film was also planned for the artist, but the pregnancy prevented it. On the 15th of December, 2013 a Christmas film was released from the red box... The tv film was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. On the 15th of December 2013 a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who, during the evening, performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian Las Vegas. The tv film was filmed by rca, along with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. During the holidays, an entertainment was planned for the artist, but the baby was prevented. The Christmas special was adapted from the Christmas carol and was performed live. The festive special was adapted from the Christmas carol and was performed live. On December 15, 2013 'White Christmas' was released as a promotional single from the red box. The red box was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. Then a holiday musical was arranged for the artist, but the baby was obstructed. The holiday musical was arranged for the artist, but the baby was obstructed. The film was filmed by rca, and it was released with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. On the 15th of October a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian Las Vegas. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby was obstructed. The movie was filmed for the artist, but the baby was obstructed. This year, on the 15th of October, the film “Christmas” was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who in the evening performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby stopped it. On the 15th of October, a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian in Las Vegas. On the 15th of October, a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who in the evening performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby stopped it. On the 15th of October, a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who, in the evening, performed the Christmas carol at the Venetian in Las Vegas. The film was filmed by rca, along with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. On the 15th of December, 2013 a Christmas film was released from the red box... The red box was reissued by rca, along with a special edition DVD and a special edition DVD, exclusive to walmart stores in the united states. This December 15, 2013 a Christmas film was released from the red box... On the 15th of December, 2013 a Christmas film was filmed by Hamish Hamilton, who performed at the Venetian Las Vegas during the evening. The film was filmed for the artist, but the baby stopped it. The Christmas special was adapted from the Christmas carol and performed live. On December 20, 2014, the holiday party, she is scheduled to take place at the bridgestone arena, at the bridgestone arena... announcing the December 20 concert at the bridgestone. The Christmas Concert, the Miracle, will be held on the evening of December 20, 2014, at the Bridgestone, announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone. The Christmas Concert, the Miracle, the annual Christmas Concert, is a three-day festival of music by mcentire, yearwood, garth brooks, garth brooks, ronnie dunn, kacey musgraves, hayley williams, charles esten and meghan trainor. Upon its release, a number of music critics praised the song as "all i want for christmas is you" and declared it to be a future standard. .. On the evening of December 20, 2014, at the Bridgestone, announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone. The Christmas Concert, the Miracle, will be held on the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone... announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone. Its publication in slant magazine lauded the song as a contemporary standard for clarkson.... Reviewing for Slant Magazine, sal cinquemani wrote that it is likely that it will become the future standard for clarkson... the Independent’s Hugh Montgomery applauded it as “the winner on all sides.” After first appearing on the holiday 100 at number 34, it became a holiday top ten hit four weeks later, becoming the third and fifteenth year’s song to occupy the top spot.... The Christmas concert, the miracle, will take place on the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone... announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone... On the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone, announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone... In our nation today, the report said that “under the tree” was the most popular new holiday song of 2013 on the acoustic music market, and the Institute of Telegraphic Arts reported that the song was the first in almost 20 years that the new holiday song had received any serious success on the popular contemporary music market. The publication in Slant Magazine praised the song as a modern standard for clarkson... In our nation, from its publication in Slant Magazine, sal cinquemani wrote that it is likely that it will be the new standard for clarkson... under the tree also entered the list of the world’s top 100 songs on the front cover at number seventy-ninety-ninety, and reached the top forty of the world, reaching the number seventy-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-ninety-nine. The ‘afghanisti’—and the rest, of course, found a place for it—to perform. On the evening of December 20, 2014, at the Bridgestone, announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone. On the evening of December 20, 2014, at the Bridgestone, announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone. At the same time, “Under the Tree” (in its second record, the title track), became the fanciest holiday song in the history of radio, and the afghanisti rejoiced at the sight of it—that is, in the style of a contemporary “contemporary” song—and it was the first holiday song that had received significant support on contemporary hit radio. "The Christmas concert, the miracle," was arranged for the evening of December 20, 2014, at the Bridgestone. It was announced that the Christmas concert, the miracle, would take place on the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone... announcing the December 20 concert at the Bridgestone... The publication of Slant magazine called the song a modern standard for clarkson... In the UK, from its publication in Slant magazine, sal cinquemani wrote that it was likely to become the new standard for clarkson... Moreover, the song "Under the tree" (in its second album, the title track), was made the most celebrated holiday song in the history of the radio, and the afghanisti were delighted at the sight of it (that is, in the style of a contemporary "contemporary" song) and the first holiday song to receive significant support in the contemporary music market. On the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone, announcing the Christmas concert at the Bridgestone. At the Bridgestone on the evening of December 20, 2014 announcing the Christmas concert at the Bridgestone..., announcing the Christmas concert at the Bridgestone. The Christmas concert at the Bridgestone on the evening of December 20, 2014 at the Bridgestone, announcing the Christmas concert at the Bridgestone. It was published in Slant Magazine and praised the song as a modern standard for clarkson... As he began to review the arrangement, he noted the singer’s “bright and brassy” voice, and the mid-pointed tempos “even more enticing.” he described its uptempo music and clarkson’s singing as “bereft and brassy” and its mid-pointed rhythms as “ even more appealing”... three “a” and “a” a “b“ half-stars... at the end of his review he wrote that the concepts and execution were well thought-out, but even in this very expected setting, clarkson retained her fiery, individual spirit, and that was what made this band wrapped in red attractive: from the letter it delivered what it promised. They made a six-star band and clarkson’s singing as “beautiful and brassy”; the top tempos were “more appealing.”.. he then mentioned its music and clarkson’s singing as “bright and brassy,” and the top tempos as “more appealing.” He characterized its tempo and the music as “bright and brassy”; the midpointed tempos were “a little more appealing”... (Sal cinquemani of slant magazine gave it a similar score.... a decade of recording and touring has tamed the edges of her voice and brought out a living and living element in the lyrics, which might otherwise have been missing had she recorded these songs a few years ago... “Sal cinquemani of slant magazine also gave it a rating of five stars. He wrote at the end of his review that the concepts and execution of the album were well thought out, but even in the ostentatious setting clarkson retained her fiery individual spirit, and that was what made this band wrapped in red attractive: from the letter it was what it promised. But he described the tempo and the music as “bright and brassy,” and the tempos “more appealing.” (Sal cinquemani of slant magazine gave it a similar score).... At the end of his review he wrote that the concepts and the execution of the album were well thought out, but even in the ostentatious setting clarkson retained her fiery individual spirit, and that was what made the band hewn in red attractive: from the letter it was what it promised..... matt casarino of pop-matters gave the album a generally favorable review, saying that “clarkson keeps quiet and shows off too much of his upper register, but wrapped in red is a warm and romantic addition to the pop-sou zeitgeist,” adding, “This wrapped in red is not really needing edge; it is dynamic and varied enough to be pleasant, and it is light years better than all the whitewashed Christmas nonsense that Simon Cowell has betrayed on the world.” He characterized the tempo and the singing as “bright and brassy,” and the mid-points as “more appealing.” The end of his review, he wrote that the ideas and the execution of the album were well thought out, but in this very expected twilight, Clarkson maintained her fiery individual spirit, and that was why the band was wrapped in red: from the letter it delivered. It was a six-star band, and clarkson's singing was "beautiful and brassy"; the mid-points were "more attractive." (Sal cinquemani of slant magazine gave it a similar score. She started by saying 'I'm glad you're back home,' and "A merry little Christmas," she began singing "a merry little Christmas" with the money notes... And then he said 'the music and the singing are brisk and brassy'; the brisk and brassy' was'more attractive.' He said that the brisk and brassy were'more appealing'. At the end of his review he wrote that the ideas and the execution of the album were well thought out, but in the dreary setting Clarkson still had a fiery individual spirit, and that was what made the band brisk and funky: from the letter it was what it was.... a decade of recording and touring has toned down the edge of her voice and brought out a living and living element in the lyrics that might have been missing if she had recorded those songs some years ago. At the end of his review he wrote that the concepts and the execution of the album were well thought out, but in the dreary setting Clarkson kept her fiery individual spirit, and that was what made the band brisk and funky attractive: from the letter it was what it promised.... He described the music and the singing as “bright and brassy”; the middle-points were “a little more attractive”... in a word, he described the music and the singing as “bright and brassy,” and the top-points as “better.” At the end of his review he wrote that the ideas and the execution of the album were well thought out, but in the very expected darkness, Clarkson still retained her fiery individual spirit, and that was why the band was wrapped in red: from the letter it delivered.... Matt Casarino of pop-music gave the album a good review, saying that “clarkson keeps quiet and shows too much of his upper register, but wrapped in red is a warm and romantic addition to the pop music zeitgeist,” adding: “this wrapped in red is not really requiring a sharp edge; it is dynamic and varied enough to be pleasant, and it is miles better than all the Christmas derangements Simon Cowell has been blasphemy in the world.” This week, the music columnist Glenn Gamboa wrote that “ clarkson handles it all very well, he plays a most pleasingly high note on “just wish you a merry little Christmas” and spins jazzily on “it’s cold outside” with dunn. “It will be Christmas time for you.” ” “My lord,” the song goes on, “that it will be the holiday and it will be the bells ringing.” “It will be Christmas time, as it is the white Christmas.” “The new songs by wrapped in red are really a kind of gift to me. The title track and “under the tree” are the part of the Phil spector Christmas album, and “the four carats” is the blending of “the stronger” and “the santa baby.” That's a kind of gift for me. My lord," says the song, "that it will be the holiday, and it will be the bells. " This week, the music critic Glenn Gamboa wrote that clarkson handles it all well, plays a high note on the song, 'I wish you a merry Christmas' and spins jazzy on "It's cold outside." The new fx album by wrapped in red is, as the saying goes, the best of 2013's new christmas records. " In addition, he mentioned that the five original songs, namely: " Wrapped in Red" and "Under the Tree," have more than a five-year lifespan in the Christmas rotation. " When evaluating the record, melinda newman gave it an "A" rating, praising clarkson's vocal talent and mentioning that she and kurstin" have carefully examined the old christmas albums of yore—for example, spector's a christmas gift for you and andy williams' merry Christmas—and have reinterpreted the Christmas standards with loving detail and made new ones in their own image. " The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, of course, my Christmas gifts. “My lord,” the song goes on, “it’s Christmas time and it’s a bell.” “My lord,” says the song, “it’s Christmas time and it’s a bell.” – “It’s Christmas time for you.” That’s my gift to you. The new songs by Wrapped in Red are, as the saying goes, the best of 2013’s Christmas albums. The title track and the “under the tree” are part of the Phil spector Christmas album and the “four carats” are the combination of “strong” and “grandma.” “The new songs by Wrapped in Red are of course my Christmas gifts. In analyzing the album, melinda newman gave it an A- rating, praising clarkson’s vocal talent and pointing out that she and kurstin” have analyzed the old Christmas albums of old—for example, spector’s a Christmas gift for you and andy williams’ merry Christmas—and have reinterpreted the Christmas songs with loving detail and created new ones in their own image. Moreover, he noted that the five original songs, namely, “Bunned in Red” and “Bunned in Red,” have more than five years in the Christmas rotation. The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as they say, the best of all 2013’s Christmas albums. “The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as they say, the best of all 2013’s Christmas albums. My lord,” says the song, “it’s Christmas time and it’s a bell.” The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, of course, my Christmas gifts. My lord,” says the song, “it’s Christmas time and it’s a bell.” — “It’s Christmas time, as it is a white Christmas.” - “My lord,” says the song, “it’s Christmas time and it’s a bell.” The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as the saying goes, the best of the new Christmas albums. Then, in the analysis, Lindsey Newman gave it an “A” rating, praising clarkson’s vocal talents, and pointing out that she and kurstin” have carefully examined the Christmas albums of the past, for example, spector’s a Christmas gift for you and andy williams’ a merry Christmas, and have reinterpreted the Christmas songs with lovable detail and made new ones in their own image. As a result, Lindsey Newman noted that the five original songs, namely, “Under the Tree,” have more than five years in the Christmas rotation. This week, the music critic Glenn Gamboa wrote that the clarkson played a high note on the song “I wish you a merry Christmas,” and that the santa baby Christmas was “appeared” with the lyrics. Then, on the week ending November 16, 2013, the album released on the radio market at number 3 and sold a hundred and sixty copies in all retail places, a 93, a 93 decrease from stronger’s first week sales of 163,000,000. And then he mentioned that the five original songs, namely: "The Band Wrapped in Red", and the band Unkool, are the best of the new Christmas albums. The band Wrapped in Red is, as the saying goes, the best of the new Christmas albums. This week the music critic Glenn Gamboa wrote that the clarkson played a high note on the song "I wish you a Merry Christmas", and that the song "It's a white Christmas" was "appeared" with the lyrics. The band Wrapped in Red is, as the saying goes, the best of the new Christmas albums. The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as the saying goes, the best of the new Christmas albums. This week the columnist Glenn Gamboa wrote that clarkson played a high note on the song "I wish you a Merry Christmas" and that "it is the white Christmas." Then, in analyzing the record, Lindsey Newman gave it an A, praising clarkson's vocal talent, pointing out that she and kurstin" have carefully examined the Christmas albums of old, for example, spector - a Christmas gift for you and andy Williams - and have reinterpreted the Christmas songs with love and created new ones. " The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, of course, my Christmas gifts. The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as they say, the best of the new Christmas albums. This week, the music critic Glenn Gamboa wrote that clarkson played a high note on the song "I wish you a happy Christmas" and that the santa baby Christmas was "presented" with the lyrics. This week, the music critic Glenn Gamboa wrote that the clarkson played a high note on the song "I wish you a happy Christmas" and that the santa baby Christmas was "presented" with the lyrics. Then, on November 16, 2013, the album was released on the radio at number 3 and sold a hundred and sixty copies in all retail shops, a 93, a 93, a decrease from the first week of 163,000. " The new songs of Wrapped in Red are, as the saying goes, the best of the new Christmas Its chart debut on the billboard 200 earned clarkson her sixth top-three studio album and the highest debut by a female artist since the album by Susan Boyle at the bottom of the chart in 2010. Wrapped in red had also made its debut in three other categories, most notably on the top of the top of the list of top Christmas albums... in 2012... Its debut on the billboards earned clarkson her sixth top-three studio album and the highest debut by a woman artist since Susan Boyle's album, at the bottom of the charts, was in 2010. Despite its modest debut week, wrapping in red began to gain traction at the beginning of the holiday season, and, during thanksgiving, sold 131, 000 copies. The best sales week was brought by the nbc's premiere broadcast of 'Merry Christmas!', which sold 136, 000 copies in the seventh week. The album of Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, most notably in the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... They placed the album of Wrapped in Red in three other categories, the most important of which was in the ten best Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... wrapped in red had also been placed in three other categories, most notably on the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red subsequently became the best Christmas album of the year in 2013, selling 69, 000 lv., according to Nielsen, making her the first american female artist to have the number “+” at the top of the Christmas album. Its debut on the billboards earned clarkson her sixth top-three album and the highest debut by a female artist since Susan Boyle’s album, which peaked at the bottom of the Christmas charts, was in 2010. The best week for wrapping in red was brought by the television show “Merry Christmas!” which sold 136, 000 in the seventh week. Wrapped in red became the best Christmas album of 2013 and became the bestselling Christmas album of the year, selling 763, 000, according to nielsen, a professional studio music edifier, making her the first american female artist to have the number, one of the greatest albums of the times of soundcan. The best week was the television show “Merry Christmas!”, which sold 136, 000 in the seventh week. Its debut on the billboards earned clarkson her sixth top-three album and the first woman artist to have the number ‘+’ on the first album, and the album of Wrapped in Red was later placed in three other categories, the most important of which was in the ten best Christmas albums. Wrapped in Red, in contrast, had already been placed in three other categories, particularly in the ten best Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red, in addition, had been placed in three other categories, especially in the ten best Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, especially in the ten best Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, the most important of which was in the ten best Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, particularly in the ten best Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in Red was later made the best Christmas album of the year in 2013, selling 69, 000 lv, according to Nielsen, the first American female artist to have the number -, one of the greatest albums of the time of soundcan. The best Christmas album of the year in 2013 and the bestselling album of the year, selling 763, 000 lv, according to Nielsen, making the first american female artist to have the number -, one of the greatest albums of the time of soundcan. Another twelve tracks from wrapped in red entered the digital music charts during the first week of release: "Let's go, have a good time, we'll go!" and "Tricks of wood" in number two and four, respectively. The album of wrapped in red was placed in three other categories, most importantly, in the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in red also made its debut in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... Wrapped in red also made its debut in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums... in 2012... On the way to the dancehall, Clarkson made her sixth top-three album and the first female artist to have the number ‘+’ on the first album, and the second, after Wrapped in Red, was placed in three other categories, particularly the top ten Christmas albums. Wrapped in Red’s album also had a good place, particularly in the top ten Christmas albums. Wrapped in Red, in contrast, had already been placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums. Wrapped in Red was also placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums. Wrapped in Red’s album also had a good place in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, particularly in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red was also placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, most importantly in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red had also been placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in Red was later made the best Christmas album in 2013, selling 69, 000 lv, according to Nielsen, the first American female artist to have the number -, one of the greatest albums of the time of soundcan. The best week for wrapping in red was brought by the television show Merry Christmas, which sold 136, 000 in the seventh week. Wrapped in red became the best Christmas album of 2013 and the bestselling album of the year, selling 763, 000 lv, according to Nielsen, making the first American female artist to have the number -, one of the greatest albums of the time of soundcan. The best week was brought by the television show Merry Christmas, which sold 136, 000 in the seventh week. Wrapped in red was also placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... Wrapped in red also placed in three other categories, especially in the top ten Christmas albums in 2012... com listed wrapped in red as their second best seller during the holiday season, and it was the sixth best seller of 2013. Its album has sold 7,852 at 300 copies in the us as of December 1, 2014, and it was listed in the bestselling book chart in the United States. It was the second best seller of the holiday season, and it was the sixth best seller of 2013. com listed wrapped in red as their second best seller of the year, and it was the sixth best seller of the year. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States as of December 1, 2014. It was listed in the bestselling books list in the United States. In canada, the album debuted on the Billboard Canadian albums chart at number six on the week ending November 16, 2013, making it the sixth best debut of the nielsen, #52. It peaked at number 5 on the week ending October 28, 2013. It was the second-best album of the holiday season, and the sixth-best album of the year. It was the second-best album of the holiday season, and the sixth-best album of 2013. com declared wrapped in red as their second-best album of the year, and the sixth-best album of the year. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States as of December 1, 2014. It was placed in the bestselling book list in the United States. In australia, the album debuted at number 82 on the week ending November 4, 2013 and debuted at number 29 on the week ending November 30, 2013. In switzerland, the album debuted at number 97 on the week ending November 10, 2013. In the United States, the album sold 7,228 at 300 copies, and it was listed in the bestsellers list in the United States. com ranked it second best of the year, and it was the sixth best of the year. It sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States as of December 1, 2014. It was placed in the top ten bestselling books in the United States. com called it second best of the year, and it was second best of the year. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States, as of December 1, 2014. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States as of December 1, 2014. It was listed in the bestselling books list in the United States. The album was the second best of the season, and the second best of the year. In canada the album debuted at the top of the Billboard Canada Albums on the week ending November 16, 2013, and made it the sixth best debut of the nielsen, #52. It peaked at number 5 on the week ending October 28, 2013. In the United Kingdom the album was ranked at number 65 on the official uk album chart on the week ending November 14, 2013. It was ranked on the official uk albums chart at number 65, the week ending November 14, 2013. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States as of December 1, 2014. It was placed in the bestsellers list in the United States. The album was the second best of the season and the second best of the year. The album was the second best of the season and the second best of the year. The album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States, and it was listed on the bestsellers list in the United States. It was the second best of the season and the second best of the year. In the United States, the album was sold 7,228 at 300 copies and was listed on the bestsellers list in the United States. Its album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States, and it was ranked in the bestsellers list in the United States. In canada, the album debuted at the top of the Canadian albums, at the week ending November 16, and at the sixth best debut of the nielsen, at number 52. It debuted at number 5 at the week ending November 30, 2013. In the United Kingdom, the album was ranked at number 65 on the official uk album chart, and at number 65 in the week ending November 14, 2013. It debuted at number 5 at the week ending November 14, 2013. It debuted at number 5 at the week ending October 28, 2013. It was the second best album of the holiday season, and the second best album of the year. It was the second best album of the holiday season, and the second best album of the year. It was the second best album of the holiday season, and the second best album of the year. It was the second best album of the holiday season and the second best album of the year. At the time of writing the com had declared it the second best album and second best album. It was the second best album of the year and the second best album of the year. It was the second best album of the year and the second best album of the year. The album sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States and was placed in the bestsellers list in the United States. It sold 7,228 at 300 copies in the United States and was listed in the bestsellers list in the United States. In the United States, it was ranked at number six on the Official Album Chart of the United States and at number 65 on the Album Chart of the United States, on the week ending November 14, 2013. It debuted at number 5 in the week ending November 30, 2013. In Canada, the album debuted at number six on the week ending November 16, 2013, making it the sixth best debut of the Nielsen, at number 52. It debuted at number 5 in the week ending November 30, 2013. In the United Kingdom, the album was ranked at number 65 on the Official Album Chart of the United States and at number 65 in the week ending November 14, 2013. It debuted at number 5 in the week ending November 30, 2013. It debuted at number 5 in the week ending November 30, 2013. In the United Kingdom, the album was ranked at number 65 on the official Album Chart of the United States, and at number 65 on the week ending November 14, 2013. It debuted at number 5 in the week ending November 30, 2013. In the United States, the album sold 7,228 at 300 copies and was listed on the Bestsellers List of the United States. It was the second best album of the season and second best album of the year. It was the second best album of the season and second best album of the year.