 The loose, neil furtado : loose (Ennel nella furtado album) is the third album of canadian singer and songwriter nella furtado, released on June 6, 2006, by geffen records and the mosley music label.... After the success of furtado’s second album, Folklore (2003), it was announced that universal music group would buy up Dreamworks.... After the breakup of furtado’s second album, Folklore, he was announced that Universal Music would acquire dreamworks records, and subsequently became part of the Interscope Geffen A & M label, where furtado would release new music. It was released by Geffen records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. After furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks, and, later on, be included on the Interscope Geffen A&M label, where furtado would release new music. The album was criticized because of the sexual image furtado had adopted for the recording, and in some cases it was viewed as a deliberate scheme to sell more albums. After furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and became part of the Interscope Geffen A&M label, where furtado would release new music. The album explored the theme of female sexuality and was described as introspective or even sad in parts. , I was in a bad mood, I felt ill, and I felt ill.... After the success of furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would acquire Dreamworks and later become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and become part of the Interscope Geffen A & M label, where furtado would release new music. It was released by Geffen Records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. It was released by Geffen Records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. It was released by Geffen Records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. After the breakup of furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and be included in the Interscope Geffen A & M label, where furtado would release new music. It was considered a record of international success. In the most recent august release it had sold more than 12 million copies, making it the best-selling album of 2006 and the second-best-selling album of the year 2000. The album was praised for its gentleness and for its human nature, and was described as empathetic, even sad. If I’m having a bad day, I’m in a bad mood, I’m in a bad mood, I’m ill, and I’m ill.... Then I thought I’d have a bad day, I was sick, and I was ill. After the success of furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks, and then it would be included in the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. It was considered a success in international music, and in the last year it sold more than 12 million albums, making it the best-selling album of 2006 and second-best-selling album of the year 2000. It was released by Geffen Records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. After furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and later become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. The ’ loose, neil furtado: loose (Ennel nella furtado album) was released on June 6, 2006. It was released by Geffen Records and the Mosley label on June 6, 2006. After the success of furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and, later on, become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and be included in the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and later become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of furtado’s second album Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and later become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. The album interpreted the theme of women’s sexuality and was described as introspective or even sad. It was criticised for the sexual nature of the music he had recorded, and in some cases it was regarded as a deliberate ploy to get more albums out of furtado. After the success of furtado’s second album, Folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and then become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and then become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy Dreamworks and then become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy dreamworks and then be included in the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and then become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and then become part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and be part of the Interscope Geffen A and M labels, where furtado would release new music. After the success of folklore, it was announced that Universal Music would buy up Dreamworks and be included ‘A lot of powerless talk, if you please,’ furtado was later credited as a remixed track., the cover of furtado’s album ‘bewilderment.’ ’ The two would also collaborate on “Te Busque” (‘I looked for you’) the song from furtado’s album loose. "A lot of empty talk," ah! - furtado was later recorded as a remix. He and the two collaborated on "I'm looking for you", the cover of furtado's album bewilderment. " This album was underrepresented by the label dreamworks records; it was announced on 11 november 2003 that the universal music group had entered into an agreement to buy dreamworks records from the imprint for "about $ 100 million. " But the first producer was Cosette - who had made the first two albums, whoa - nelly! - furtado's contract was then absorbed into geffen records... " A lot of empty talk, if you please," furtado was later recorded as a remix. He and the two collaborated on "I'm looking for you," the cover of furtado's "bewilderment." "A lot of empty talk," - furtado was later recorded as a remix. He and the two collaborated on "The Busque" (I looked for you), the cover of furtado's "bewilderment" - furtado and the two collaborated on "I'm looking for you," the cover of furtado's "bewilderment." "There is a lot of empty talk," furtado was later credited as a remix. "A lot of empty talk," furtado was later credited as a remix. The album was in the notoriety of the label Dreamworks Records. On 11 november 2003, it was announced that the Universal Music Group had entered into an agreement to buy the records from the imprint for "about $100 million. " He and the two collaborated on "I'm looking for you," the cover of furtado's "bewilderment". "Wrong words," furtado was later credited as a remix. The first producer was Cosette, who had produced the first two albums; whoa-noe!, furtado's contract was then absorbed in geffen Records... "Wrong words," furtado was later recorded as a remix. He and the two collaborated on "The Busque", the cover of furtado's "bewilderment"... He and the two collaborated on "I'm looking for you", the cover of furtado's "bewilderment"... but the first producer was Cosette - who made the first two albums, whoa-no, he's still in london, he's worked with nelle hooper in london on reggae-native material and with lester mendez in los angeles on acoustic songs... , the album cover of furtado’s bewilderment. He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s bewilderment. He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s bewilderment. This album was underrepresented by the label Dreamworks Records; it was announced on 11 november 2003 that the universal music group had entered into an agreement to buy the records from the imprint for “about $100 million.” “A lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. “A lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. “A lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. He and the two collaborated on “The Busque” (I was looking for you), the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” “There is a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. But the first producer was Cosette, who had produced the first two albums; whoa-no, he was still in London, he worked with nelle hooper in London on reggae-native material, and with lester mendez in los angeles on acoustic songs... But the first producer was Cosette—who had made the first two albums; he was still in London—and he had worked with nelle hooper in London on reggae-native material and with lester mendez in los angeles on acoustic songs. He and the two collaborated on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment”—but the first producer was Cosette—who had made the first two albums, he was still in London—he had worked with nelle hooper in London on reggae-native material and with lester mendez in los angeles on acoustic material. This album was underrepresented by the label Dreamworks Records; it was announced on 11 november 2003 that the universal music group had entered into an agreement to buy the records from the imprint for “about $100 million.” He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment”. “There is a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. “There is a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment”. He and the two worked together on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” “A lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. But the first producer was Cosette, who had made the first two albums, whoa-no, he was still in London, and he had worked with nelle hooper in London on reggae-native material and with lester mendez in los angeles on acoustic songs. He and the two collaborated on “I’m looking for you,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” “There’s a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. “There’s a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. He and the two collaborated on “The Busque,” the cover of furtado’s “bewilderment.” “There’s a lot of empty talk,” furtado was later credited as a remix. The first producer was Cosette, who had made the first two albums; he was still in London; he worked with nelle hooper in London For the rest of the songs timbaland reworked what was already there in the studio. The others were just produced up and completely rearranged. For the majority of the songs furtado made tracks for herself, deciding which of them to include – she called timbaland a sonic extraterrestrial – and who had come up with a sequence of songs that went on, and she said that she had sunk into something which was supposedly unsatisfactory. “Mirror’s all gone,” the lead singer of the band, was chris martin, a man of “cheater brethren,” who was co-writer of the song. “These are all songs for which furtado makes a list; the rest are just rearranged and completely remade. For the majority of the songs furtado made up her own tracks, deciding which one to include—he called him a sonic extraterrestrial — and who had penned a sequence of songs, and she said she had gone in search of something that was supposedly unsatisfactory. timbaland said in her diary that she made a remix of “maneater” with rapper lil wayne. It was only released as part of a compilation album, timbaland’s remixes & soundtracks; she even used the instrumental of the song during many television performances of “Maneater”... "Mirror is gone," the lead singer of the band was chris martin, a man of "strange brethren", who was co-writer of the song. - The rest of the songs were rearranged and completely rearranged. - timbaland said in his diary that she made a remix of "Maneater" with rapper lil wayne. It was only released as part of a compilation album of timbaland's remixes and soundtracks; she even used the instrumental of the song in many television performances of "Maneater"... The majority of the songs furtado made tracks for herself, deciding which one to include - he called him a sonic extraterrestrial - and who had penned a series of songs, and she said that she had tried something that was supposedly unsatisfactory. " For the majority of the songs furtado made tracks, deciding which one to include - he called him a sonic extraterrestrial - and penned a series of songs, and she said that she had searched for something that was supposedly unsatisfactory. " ‘Mirror is gone,’ the lead singer of the band, was chris martin, a man of ‘coughing brothers’, who was co-writer of the song. ‘The rest of the songs were rearranged and completely remade. ‘ These are all the songs for which furtado makes a list, the rest are just rearranged and completely remade. For the majority of the songs furtado made tracks, deciding which one to include – he called him a sonic extraterrestrial – and he wrote a sequence of songs, and said that she was searching for something that was apparently unsatisfactory. ‘For the most part furtado made tracks, deciding which one to include – he called him a sonic extraterrestrial – and he penned a sequence of songs, and said that she had found something unsatisfactory.’ ‘Mirror’s all gone,’ the lead singer of the band was chris martin, a man of ‘strange brethren’, who was co-writer of the song. During the summing of the album, timbaland said that she made a compilation of timbaland’s remixes and soundtracks, and that she even used the instrumental of the song in many television performances of ‘Maneater’... It was also called loose because it is ‘in the opposite direction of calculated’, and was naturally attributed to furtado and timbaland; she called him her ‘straight musical cousin’ because he was always pushing boundaries and always carving his own path, which she believed she was doing with loose... The rest of the songs were just made up and completely remade. Then timbaland said in his diary that she made a remix of "Maneater" with lil wayne, it was only released as part of a compilation of timbaland's remixes and soundtracks, and she even used the instrumental of the song in many television performances of "Maneater." "Mirror is gone," the lead singer of the band was chris martin, a man of "cherry brothers," who was co-writer of the song. "Mirror is gone," the lead singer of the band was chris martin, a man of "cherry brothers", who was co-writer of the song. For the majority of the songs, furtado made tracks, deciding which to include, he called him a sonic extraterrestrial, and he wrote a series of songs, and she said that she was searching for something supposedly unsatisfactory. For the majority of the songs, furtado made tracks, deciding which to include, he called him a sonic extraterrestrial, and he wrote a series of songs, and said that she was looking for something unsatisfactory. During the summing of the album, timbaland said that she made a compilation of timbaland's remixes and soundtracks, and that she even used the instrumental of the song in many television performances of "Maneater"... The other songs were just made and completely remade. "Mirror is gone," the lead singer of the band was chris martin, a man of "cheater brothers," who was co-writer of the song. The majority of the songs furtado made tracks, deciding which to include - he called a sonic extraterrestrial - and he wrote a series of songs, and she said that she searched for something that was supposed to be unsatisfactory. " She said she wanted the album to be "direct and cool," and "sexy but playful," as tlc, mc Lyte, queen latifah and janet jackson, who influenced furtado, for, as she put it, she was “very comfortable with her sexuality and womanhood” when her 1993 single " This is the way of love" was released. During the recording of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and bands of that kind, and indicated that they were completely women. I wanted the album to be “seductive and cold,” and “sexy but playful,” like tlc, mc Lyte, queen latifah, and janet jackson, who in turn had influenced furtado, for, as she put it, she was “sheer with her femininity and women” when her song "This is the way of love" was released in 1993. During the recording of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and bands of that kind, and showed that they were completely women. She said she wanted the album to be “clean and cool” and “sexy but playful,” like tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah, and janet jackson, who had influenced furtado, because she was “beautiful in her femininity and femininity” when it was released in 1993. During the making of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups of that sort, and discovered that they were entirely women. The music of these bands is “so loud and garage” and “very stifling and boring,” as she felt it “advanced” in her soul. During the making of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups of that sort, and it was they who made the album. She wanted the album to be “seductive and cold,” and “sexy but playful,” like tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson, who influenced furtado, because, as she put it, she was “very comfortable with her sexuality and femininity” when her song “This is the way of love” was released in 1993. Because the mixers had already taken into account timbaland and furtado’s rock influences, the songs were mixed on a mixing table in the studio instead of “the fancy mixing machine at the end of the recording.” I wanted the album to be “seductive and cold,” “sexy but playful,” as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah, and janet jackson, who in turn influenced furtado, for she was “sheer with her femininity and women” when it was released in 1993. When furtado listened to a few musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups of that sort, and it was they who made the album. During the making of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups of that kind, and they were all completely women. She said she wanted the album to be “seductive and cold,” “sexy but playful,” as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson, who had influenced furtado because, as she put it, she was “very comfortable with her femininity and femininity” when it was released in 1993. During the making of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups, and discovered that they were entirely women. During the making of loose, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and it was they who made the album. The resulting album was “seductive and cold,” “sexy but playful,” like tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson,” who in turn influenced furtado, because she was “beautiful in her femininity and femininity” when she released her song “This is the way of love.” The songs were “stolen and cool,” “sexy but playful,” as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson, who had influenced furtado, because, as she put it, she was “stolen and beautiful” when she released her song “This is the way of love.” During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and found that they were all women. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and they were completely women. During the recording of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups, and found that they were completely women. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups, and it was they who made the album. She said she wanted the album to be "seductive and cold," and "sexy but playful," as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah, and janet jackson, who influenced furtado because, as she said, she was "sheer with her femininity and femininity" when it was released in 1993. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and they were all women; she said she wanted the album to be "seductive and cold," and "sexy but playful," as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson, who influenced furtado because she was "sheer with her femininity and femininity" when it was released in 1993. "He is so inscrutable, so inscrutable, so inscrutable," furtado said, "that he is overtaken by beauty." "Seductive and cold," and "sexy but playful," as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah, and janet jackson, who in turn influenced furtado because, as she said, she was "sheer with her femininity and feminine" when it was released in 1993. In the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to bands and groups, and found that they were all women. The music of these bands is "so loud and garage" and "stifling and boring," she feels in her soul. During the recording of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and found that they were all women. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and found that they were all women. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and they were all women. She wanted the album to be "seductive and cold," and "sexy but playful", as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah, and janet jackson, who influenced furtado, because she was "sheer with her femininity and femininity" when she released "This is the way of love." During the recording of this album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and found that they were all women, she said she wanted the album "seductive and cold," and "sexy but playful," as tlc, mc Lyte, queen lifah and janet jackson, who influenced furtado because she was "sheer with her femininity and femininity" when it was released in 1993. During the making of the album, furtado listened to several musicians, from band and jazz to groups and groups, and ‘For the first time furtado worked with a variety of musicians, and took a more collaborative approach in composing the album. She was experimenting with the r&b and hip-hop sounds, the “nascent, theatrical elements of the ’80s’... ’ ‘This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because she is not strictly bound to one style... furtado has been collaborating with many musicians, and took a more collaborative approach in composing the album. For the first time furtado worked with musicians from different backgrounds and took a more collaborative approach in writing the album. She compared the sound of the album with "march, american, hip-hop", which she called "eurythmics," a music she calls "ecstatic and sad, of a mysterious, after-darkness", a tone that resembles "modern, poppy, spooky music" and a "sensible, spooky atmosphere" that is extremely visceral." "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not anchored to one style... " she said of the album: "This is more urban, more american, more hip, more "hop, "more simplified," compared with her earlier work, which she said was more layered and textured because she "toosh it" and was more impulsive. " “For the first time furtado worked with different musicians, and used a more collaborative approach in writing the album. For the first time, furtado worked with a variety of musicians, and took a more collaborative approach in writing the album. “This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not confined to one style...” She compared the sound of the album with “march, american, hip-hop,” which she called “eurythmics,” a music she calls “ecstatic and sad, of mysterious, after-darkness,” a tone which resembles “modern, poppy, spooky music” and a “sensible, spooky atmosphere” which is extremely visceral.” For the first time furtado worked with a variety of musicians and took a more collaborative approach to composing the album. She compared the sound of the album to “march, american, hip-hop”—which she called “eurythmics,” which she called “ecstatic, sad, and of a mysterious after-darkness,” a tone that resembles “modern, poppy, spooky music” and a “sensible, spooky atmosphere” which was deeply visceral.” In addition to the lyrics, which were not included in the liner notes, the album is more racy than it is “indulging in pleasures”—whether dancing or lovemaking. “This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not strictly bound to one style”... “ For the first time, furtado worked with a variety of musicians, and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style... " for the first time, furtado worked with different musicians and a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. She compared the music of the album to "march, american, hip-hop," which she called "eurythmics," which she called "ecstatic, sad, and of a mysterious after-darkness," a tone that resembles "modern, poppy, spooky music" and a "sensible, spooky atmosphere" that was very visceral." "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not confined to one style... " She said about the album: "This is more urban, more american, more hip, more "beat," compared with the older work, which she said was more layered and textured, because it was "slower" and more depressed. "... This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not confined to one style... " "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not confined to one style..." In addition to the lyrics, which were not included in the liner notes, the album was more racy than "to get drunk with pleasures" – dancing or love-making. For the first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to writing the album. For the first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to writing the album. She compared the sound of the album with "march, american, hip-hop," which she called "eurythmics," which she called "ecstatic, sad, and of mysterious after-darkness," a tone that resembles "modern, poppy, spooky music" and a "sensible, spooky atmosphere" which was deeply visceral. "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not confined to one style" - she said about the album: "This is more urban, more american, more hip-hop, more simplified, compared with her earlier work, which was "more complex" and more "hurried" because it was "more quickly" and "more sharply." "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style " - and... " For the first time furtado worked with different musicians and a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. For the first time furtado worked with a variety of musicians and took a more collaborative approach in the composition of the album. " This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style " - she compared the sound of the album with "march, american, hip-hop," which she called "eurythmics," which she called "ecstatic, sad, and of a mysterious after-darkness," a tone that resembled "modern, poppy, spooky music" and "sensible, spooky atmosphere" that was very visceral." For the first time, furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. She compared the music of the album with "march, american, hip-hop", which she called "eurythmics," which she called 'ecstatic, sad and of a mysterious after-darkness,' a tone that resembles'modern, poppy, spooky music' and 'a sensible, spooky atmosphere' that is deeply visceral. " The first time furtado worked with a variety of musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the album, "this album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style, " this is a new album, this is not tied to one style..." This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style...'This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style... " "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style... " This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style...'This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style... " The first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album.'This is more urban, more american, more hip, more of a "beat", compared with the old work, which was more depressed and "more tense" because it was "slower" and "more unrestrained. " This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style... " - she said about the album: 'This is more urban, more american, more hip, more "beat" compared with the earlier work, which was more complicated and more rushed because it was "more quickly" and "more sharply." - "This is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style...'-'-'-'This is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style...'- and... ' The first time furtado worked with a variety of musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. The first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. She compared the music of the album with "march, american, hip-hop," which she called "eurythmics," which she called ecstatic, sad and of a mysterious after-darkness," which resembles "modern, poppy, spooky music" and a "sensible, spooky atmosphere" that is deeply perceptible. The first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style" - she said of the album: "This is more urban, more american, more hip, more "beat" than the older work, which was more "tense" and "more distant because it was "slower" and "more empty. " This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style... " The first time furtado worked with different musicians and took a more collaborative approach to the composition of the album. "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style... " She compared the music of the album with "march, american, hip-hop", which she called "eurythmics," which she called "ecstatic, sad, and of a mysterious after-darkness", a tone that resembles "modern, poppy, spooky music" and "sensible, spooky atmosphere" that was deeply visceral." "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not bound to one style... " She said about the album: "This is more urban, american, hip-hop, more 'beat', compared with the earlier work, which was more complex and more rushed because it was "more quickly" and "more impulsively." "This album is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style..." "This is undoubtedly promiscuous, because it is not tied to one style..." " “Only a hayride”—this is a rap song that comes from the hip-hop genre, r&b, and reggaeton genre, with tongue twisting, on “ future” tropics... “No hay igual” is a reggaeton song — it is a rap song, inspired by furtado’s flirtatious exchange with attitude, who made up the song, “ and who has narrated the fifth track, “showtime” as a “relaxed” r&b track... “ This song is a couplet from a veritable r&b tune that furtado has a melody... But, alas, only a hay ride – that is a rap song, a rap song that is based on the rap genre, r&b, and reggaeton, in a tongue twisting tune, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth track, “Mascot’s Night,” as a “relaxed” reggaeton song... “No hay igual” is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado’s flirtatious expression, who composed the song, “and who narrated the fifth track, “Showtime,” as a “relaxed” reggaeton track... “This song is an acoustic song, a rap song, inspired by furtado’s flirtatious attitude, which has made the song, “and who has narrated the fifth track, “showtime” as a “relaxed” reggaeton track... This song is a couplet from a real r&b song that furtado has a melody... But alas, it’s only a hay-ride, that’s a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a tongue-twisting style, and it’s narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth track, “Mascot Night” as a “relaxed” reggaeton... “This song is an acoustic song, a rap song, inspired by furtado’s flirtatious expression, who wrote the song, “and who narrated the fifth track, “showtime” as a “relaxed” reggaeton... ‘This song is the end of a relationship that furtado – the song was inspired by the end of a relationship... The seventh song, “In God’s hands” featuring juanes, is about furtado’s experience of depression, which she described in an interview with the daily newspaper as the parting shot for her daughter. It was also inspired by the ode to God, another song on the album – the seventh song, “On the road” (which features latin singer juanes) is about furtado’s experiences with depression, which she said she had had periodically since she was seventeen years old. “No hay igual” is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado’s flirtatious attitude, who composed the song, and who narrated the fifth song, “The night” as a “relaxed” reggaeton song... The eighth song, ‘A pilgrim to paradise’ by juanes, is about furtado’s experiences of depression, which she described in an interview with the daily newspaper as her ‘departing song.’ The eighth song, ‘The dawn’, which was composed by furtado, is about furtado’s experience of depression, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as her ‘last rite of passage’. ‘No hay igual’ is a reggaeton song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, in a tongue-twisting style, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth track, ‘Showtime’ as a ‘showtime’ song... ‘This song is a couplet from a real reggaeton song that furtado has a melody... but it’s only a hay-ride, that’s a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a tongue-twisting style, and it’s narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth track, ‘Mascot Night’ as a rap track... But it’s only a hay-ride, that’s a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and tongue-twisting, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth track, ‘Mascot Night’ as a rap song... It was also inspired by the ode to God, another song on the album - the seventh song, “On the road”, which features juanes, is about furtado's "departure" song, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as her "departure song." "Non hay igual" is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado's flirtatious attitude, who wrote the song, and who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot night" as a "relaxed" reggaeton song... But only hay igual is a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a rap style, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot night" as a rap song... This song is a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a rap style, and it narrates by furtado, who narrates the fifth song, "Mascot night" as a rap song... But this song is a hay ride, that is, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a rap style, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot Night" as a rap song... This song is a couplet from a real reggaeton song that furtado has a melody... The seventh song, "God's hands", juanes, is about furtado's feelings, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as the "departing song." "No hay igual" is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado's flirtatious attitude, who composed the song, and who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot' It was inspired by the ode to God, another song on the album - the seventh song, "Going," featuring juanes, is about furtado's depression, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as a "last" rite of passage. The seventh song, "A pilgrim to paradise", composed by juanes, is about furtado's depression, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as a "last" rite. It was also inspired by the ode to God, another song on the album, the seventh song, "Going," featuring juanes, is about furtado's depression, which she described in an interview with the newspaper as a "departing song." "No hay igual" is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado's flirtatious attitude, who composed the song, and who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot" as a "relaxed" reggaeton song... but only hay igual is a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, in a rap style, and it narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot" as a rap song... - This song is a couplet from a real reggaeton song that furtado has a melody... "This song is a rap song, a rap song, based on the rap genre, rap and reggaeton, and in a rap style, and narrated by furtado, who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot" as a rap song... " No hay igual" is a reggaeton song, inspired by furtado's flirtatious attitude, who wrote the song, "and who narrated the fifth song, "Mascot" as a rap song... But this is only a hay ride, that is, a rap song Then came the release of the third and fourth latin American songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin american song: “All good things come to an end” took place between the first of november and the third of December. Then came the third latin American song, “Let’s hope it’s true”—released in january. And at the same time, ‘ Maneater’ began its run as the second sludge in north america. It was not as successful as ‘Measures’, reaching number twenty–two in canada and the top twenty in the us, though it reached number five on the arias chart. And, at the same time, “Maneater” had begun its run as the second slut in north america. Then came the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All good things come to an end,” between the first of November and the third of December. “All good things come to an end” took place between the first of november and the third of December, and the third latin song: “Let’s hope that it’s true” was released in january. After the release of “All good things come to an end,” in europe in march 2007, the single reached the top five in germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit release. “All good things come to an end” went to number one in the us and on the nielsen airplay in canada (where it was not given a commercial release) and in the us it reached the top five in australia... “ All good things (all good things)” reached the top five in the uk and the uk, where it was a release by download only... And, at the same time, ‘Maneater’ began its run as the second slut in north america. After the release of ‘All Good Things’ in europe in march 2007, the single reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit release. Then came the third and fourth latin songs: ‘You’re right,’ and the third latin song: ‘All Good Things’, released between the first of november and the third of December. ‘All Good Things’ went to number one in the us and on the airplay of the nielsen in canada (where it was not given a commercial release) and in the us it went to number five in the us... ‘All Good Things’ peaked at number one in the us and on the airplay of the nielsen in canada (where it was not given a commercial release) and in the us it reached number five in the us... ‘All Good Things’ reached number five in the uk and uk, where it was released on the single-digit level...’ After the release of ‘All Good Things’ in Europe in March 2007, it reached the top five in germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. ‘All Good Things’ reached the top five in the uk and uk, where it was released by download...’ After the release of “All Good Things,” in europe in March 2007, the single reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. “All Good Things” reached the top five in the uk and the uk, where it was a single-digit number... Then came the third and fourth latin songs: “You are right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things” which was released in the first of november and the third of December. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You are right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things,” which was released in the first of november and the third of December, and the third latin song: “All good things”—released in January. Then a third and fourth latin songs: “You are right” and the third latin song: “All good things,” released in the first of november and the third of December, and the third latin song: “All good things” was released in january. After the release of “All Good Things” in Europe in March 2007, it reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. It was not as successful as “Measures,” reaching number twenty-two in canada and twenty-one in the us, although it reached number five in the arias chart. “All good things” was at number one in the us and on the airplay of the nielsen in canada (where it was not given a commercial release), and in the us it reached number five in the us... All good things reached number five in the uk and uk, where it was released by download... At the release of “All Good Things,” in europe in March 2007, the single reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things” released in the first of November and the third of December. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things” was released in January. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things”—released in January. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things” released in January. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things” were released in January. Then the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things”—released in January. “All Good Things” reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. “All Good Things” reached the top five in the uk and uk, where it was released by download...” Then, in the middle of November, the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right” and “All Good Things,” which were released between the first of November and the third of December, and the third latin song: “All Good Things” was released in January. Then, in the middle of January, the third and fourth latin songs: “You’re right,” and the third latin song: “All Good Things,” released between the first of November and the third of December, and then the third latin song: “All Good Things” was released in January. After the release of “All Good Things” in europe in March 2007, the single reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a single-digit number. After the release of “All Good Things,” in europe in March 2007, the single reached the top five in Germany and the top ten in the uk, where it was a In the north, as the song is named, the song has a more secular sound and a racial ring, as that was the style. A remix by the band “No Hay Igual” with calle 13 was released in the north, and the music video went live in september. It was not released in the United States, but it was broadcast on the Latin music stations and reached the top forty on the billboard latin pop chart. At the time, the song was called No Hay Igual, and the video went up on september. A remix of No Hay Igual, called No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the music video went up on september 13. In the north, as is the name of the song, the music had a more secular tone, a racial tone, because that was the style. The record was released in Japan on 7 July 2006, with Universal Music Group, and then two days later in Germany. The album was released in the united kingdom, namely, on 12 July 2006, on geffen Records, and eight days later on 20 July 2006 in canada and the united states. The following week the tv show “No Hay Igual” came out in the north, and the music video went live on the 13th of september. A remix by the band “No Hay Igual” called No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the music video went live on 13th of september. It was not released in the United States, but was broadcast in Latin music-channels and made the top forty on the billboard latin pop chart. During the promotion of loose music, furtado performed at major music festivals and award shows. The song was called No Hay Igual and the video was made on 13th of september. In the north, as is the name of the song, the music was more secular, more ethnic, because that was the style. In the north, as the name says, the music had a more secular sound and a racial, because that was the style. In the uk, the album was released on 12 July 2006, on Geffen Records, and eight days later on 20 July 2006 in canada and the united states. In the north, as the name suggests, the music has a more secular, more ethnic tone, because that is the style. In the north, as the name indicates, the music has a more secular, more ethnic sound, because that is the style. In the south, as the name suggests, the music has a more secular, more ethnic sound, because that is the style. A new version of the song by the band No Hay Igual, 'No Hay Igual,' was released in the north, and the music video went live on the 13th of September. The performance was performed at the calgary festival, the August music festival, and the half-time show at the sonic sonic sonic. The next week, the tv show No Hay Igual, came out, and the music video went live on the 13th. The album was released in the United Kingdom, on 12 July 2006, on Geffen Records, eight days later on 20 July 2006 in canada and the united states. A remix of No Hay Igual, called No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the video went live on the 13th. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In July 2006, furtado performed at the sonic of japan and a day later at the ovation music festival. In the fall of 2008, she sang at the Sarita festival in Calgary, at the reduros in Tokyo, and at the ten-hour show at the 96th gray cup. There was a live performance by the band of No Hay Igual in the north and the music video was posted on the 13th. The song was called No Hay Igual and the video was posted on the 13th. In the north the music was more secular and more ethnic, because that was the style. In the north, as the name suggests, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the south, as the name implies, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name suggests, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the fall of 2008, furtado performed at the Sarita festival in Calgary, at the reduros in Tokyo, and at the ten-hour performance at the 96th gray cup. In the meantime, the tv show No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the music video was released on the 13th. In the following week, the tv show No Hay Igual, premiered in the north, premiered on the 13th, the song was called No Hay Igual, and the video was made on the 13th. The following week, the tv show No Hay Igual, premiered in the north, and the music video was made on the 13th. The next week, the tv show No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video went live on the 13th. The north, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the south, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name indicates, the music has a more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. The music of the band No Hay Igual, No Hay Igual, was released in the North, and the music video was released on the 13th. The next week, the tv show No Hay Igual was released in the North, and the video went live on the 13th. The music of the north, as the name says, has a more secular and more ethnic sound, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. The northern music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the next week, the tv show No Hay Igual was released, and the video went live on September 13, a song called No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video went live on September 13, a live performance of the band No Hay Igual, and the video was posted on September 13. In the next week, the tv show No Hay Igual came out in the north, and the video went live on September 13. The next week, the tv show No Hay Igual came out in the north, and the video was posted on September 13. The song No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video went live on September 13. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. The North, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular, more ethnic, because that is the style. The next week, the tv show No Hay Igual, premiered in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. In the same week, the tv show No Hay Igual, premiered in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the North, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. The music of No Hay Igual, no Hay Igual, was released in the North, and the video went live on the 13th. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the south, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the nebula, the song is called No Hay Igual, and the video is posted on the 13th. Next week, No Hay Igual, the video is released in the North, and the video is released on the 13th. The next week, No Hay Igual, the video is posted on the 13th, and the next week, No Hay Igual, the video is posted on the 13th. For the sake of the image, I decided to provide the camera for this, but the camera took a group and showed a picture of a person seated on the horse and a pen in his hand, and his chiave must have been thrown away. I was surprised to see that the thing was discarded, and the project was put off. The next week the music of the band No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. In the north, as the name suggests, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. The music of the band No Hay Igual was also re-released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. The music of the band No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. The music of the band No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. In the next week, the tv show No Hay Igual came out in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. In the northern tv show No Hay Igual, No Hay Igual was released, and the video was released on the 13th. Next week, No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. The music of No Hay Igual, No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the video was released on the 13th. The music of No Hay Igual, No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the video was posted on the 13th. The song No Hay Igual was released in the north, and the video was posted on the 13th. The next week, No Hay Igual, was released in the north, and the video was posted on the 13th. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. The north, as the name says, is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. The north, as the name says, is more secular and more ethnic, because that is the style. In the north, as the name says, the music In the first week of the month loose debuted at number one on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies, in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. It was one of the strongest debuts of the year for a canadian artist... In late July, furtado made a short tour of canada and appeared on the show Canadian idol, and the album was placed at number one. In the first week of the month loose debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. In the second week, it remained at the top of the chart until the beginning of January 2007, when it reached the number one again for two weeks. The Canadian songwriter furtado made a short tour of canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album was placed at the top. It was the third best-selling album in canada, and the highest-selling by a female songwriter, with 291, 600 copies sold. It was the third best-selling album of 2006 in Canada, and the highest selling by a female songwriter, with 291, 700, it was the third best-selling album of 2006 in Canada, and the top selling by a female solo artist, with 291, 700... - At the beginning of the month loose debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. In July, furtado went to canada and appeared on the radio, Canadian idol, and the album was at the top. In the first week of the month, loose debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. The Canadian songwriter furtado made a short tour of canada and appeared on the radio, Canadian idol, and the album was at the top. In the second week, it remained at the top until January, when it again reached the top of the chart. The album debuted at number one in the US Billboard 200, and it was furtado's first album to top the chart, with first-week sales of 201, 700; it was the second-week's top selling album, and it stayed in the top twenty for fifty-seven weeks. As of the end of June, furtado made a short tour of Canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album was at the top. The album debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. The album debuted at the number one spot on the US Billboard 200, and furtado’s first album to rank first on the chart, with first-week sales of 201, 700; second-week sales of 201, 700, it was the highest-selling album of the year, and it remained in the top twenty for fifty-seven weeks. In July furtado went to canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album debuted at the top. The album debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. In the first week of the month, loose debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. The album debuted at the number one spot on the US Billboard 200, and furtado’s first album to chart at the top, generating first-week sales of 201, 700; the second-week’s album was the top selling and it stayed at the top for fifty-seven weeks. For the first week of the month, loose debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 copies in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. Then the band debuted at the number one spot on the US Billboard 200, and furtado's first album to hit the top spot with 201, 700 sales, and the second week's album was the best, and it remained in the top for fifty-seven weeks. The Canadian songwriter furtado made a short tour of Canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album was at the top. It was the third best-selling album in Canada and the top-selling female songwriter, with 201, 700, the third best-selling album of 2006 in Canada and the best-selling solo artist, with 201, 700... In July furtado went to canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album was at the top. The album debuted at the number one spot on the US Billboard 200, and furtado was the first album to become the first on the chart, with first-week sales of 201, 700; the second-week's album was the first to sell, and it stayed at the top for fifty-seven weeks. In July, furtado went to canada and appeared on the Canadian idol radio, and the album was at the top. The album debuted at the number one spot on the Canadian album chart, selling more than 34, 000 in its first week, the strongest debut of the year. It was the third best-selling album in Canada, and the third best-selling album in Canada, with 291, 600 copies sold. In Germany, loose entered the top ten, spent forty-nine weeks in the top ten, and was five times platinum... According to a geffen records press release, loose had sold more than seven million copies by november 2007. By March 2007, it had been certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries. By January 2007, it had been certified in twenty-five countries. Then, according to a geffen press release, loose had sold more than seven million copies by November 2007. The guardian of the conservatory called it "an inventive, hip, hip" and the author called it "intense, sly, surprising... " As a general rule, loose received favorable reviews from the critics; it has an average score of 71 from the "online metacritic. " “This record,” said the record company, “has sold more than seven million copies by november 2007. By March 2007, it was certified gold or platinum in twenty-five countries; by January 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries. Then, according to a geffen press release, loose had sold more than seven million by November 2007. In general, loose has received good reviews from the critics; it has an average score of 71 on the "online metacritic. " In the review of a new yorker newspaper, kelefa sanneh wrote that "the music and the lyrics are mainly aimed at the dance floor, and yet this album reminds listeners that the dance floor is the most complex place on earth. " The Music Conservatory said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007." The geffen press release said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. In March 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries; in January 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries. " Then, according to the geffen press release, "loose sold more than seven million by November 2007. "Then, according to the geffen press release, loose sold more than seven million by November 2007. The new Yorker wrote: "This music and lyrics are mainly for the dancefloor, but this album reminds the listener that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " The guardian of the conservatory called it "an original, hip, hip", and the author called it "intense, clever, surprising. " In the reviews of a new york newspaper, kelefa sanneh wrote: "The music and the lyrics are mostly for the dancefloor, but this album reminds listeners that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " At the geffen press release, loose had sold more than seven million by november 2007. In March 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries; in January 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries. Then, according to the geffen press release, loose had sold more than seven million by November 2007. Then, according to the geffen press release, loose had sold more than seven million by November 2007. The guardian of the conservatory called it "an original, hip, hip", and the author called it "intense, clever, surprising." In a mixed review of the work by the village voice, nick catucci complained that the song "poured out too luridly," and that "the timbaland was not a love child, but "an '"---* or an '***' on a rock,'" and that "the word "groove" did not find a groove." In a mixed review, nick catucci said that "the music and the lyrics are mainly for the dance floor, but this album reminds the listener that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " The music conservator said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " Then according to the geffen press release, "loose has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " The record company said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " In general, loose has received good reviews from the critics, a score of 71 on the "online metacritic" (as of this week). " The composer said: "This record was selling more than seven million by November 2007." " This music and lyrics are mainly for the dancefloor, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " And christgau admired how its "middle" oriented tracks "may" at once bring about God's great plan for the dance floor... but as a record they are not very memorable. " In the official statement, the firm said, "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007." The firm said, "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " The firm said, "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " The firm said, "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. In March 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries; in January 2007, it was certified in twenty-five countries. The firm said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007. " The firm said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007." The firm said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007." In the review of a New York newspaper, kelefa sanneh wrote: "This music and the lyrics are most focused on the dancefloor, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " In a mixed review, nick catucci said that the music and the lyrics are the 'dreamy 'gig, but this album reminds us that the dancefloor is the most complex place on earth. " Then, according to the geffen press release, loose sold more than seven million by November 2007. " The Geffen press release said: "This record has sold more than seven million by November 2007." There are, in particular, videos that show her hunched back and hips, in which she dances, her thighs exposed. According to maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and a natural evolution of a pop singer; others think that she "went out" in an effort to garner an album, especially since her second album was a commercial failure in comparison with her first. “According to Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural, the natural evolution of a singer; others believe that she “went out” to elicit an album, especially since her second album had been a disaster compared with her first. In contrast, furtado’s new, explicit sexuality is seen as being rather unoriginal — it’s being carried on by thousands of witty pop stars with a quarter of furtado’s natural talent... As per Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural, a natural evolution of a singer; others believe that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. In the same vein, furtado’s new, unspoken sexuality is seen as being rather unoriginal — it is defended by thousands of witty pop stars with a quarter of furtado’s natural talent... ‘ As a result of Maclean’s magazine, some claim that furtado’s growth was natural and a natural evolution of a singer; others claim that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a commercial failure compared with her first. In addition, there are videos of her hunched back and hips, in which she dances with her thighs exposed. The writer, too, also criticized furtado’s discussion of her buttocks and apparent rejection of feminism in a news item in the Times, writing: ‘Girls, do you hear the raging?’ If you want to read the magazine, there are some who say that furtado’s growth was natural, a natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ in order to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. In the Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and a natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. And according to Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and a natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. According to Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. These are the ideas of gloria steinem which have turned to the wind.... The writer of the Canadian radio station said that cynics could cite furtado’s commercial success by its “embarrassing sex”. ” he added that the failure of janet jackson’s album “Mima Jo” in 2004 did not indicate such a move. In addition, there are videos of her hunched back and hips, in which she dances with her thighs bared. In the magazine, the narrator argues that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; the others posit that she was ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. According to Maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out' to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. According to Maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. Maclean's magazine says that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. According to Maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared with her first. Besides, there are videos of her hunched back and hips, which she dances with her thighs exposed. " In the same way, furtado’s new sexual appearance is considered rather unoriginal—it’s supported by thousands of witty pop stars who have half of furtado’s talent... “Maclean’s Magazine says that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. In addition, there are videos of her hunched back and hips, which she dances with her thighs exposed. According to Maclean’s Magazine, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. According to the publication, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. In the newspaper, the narrator argues that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. According to the publication, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. According to the publication, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. According to the publication, some say that furtado’s growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she ‘went out’ to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. In addition, there are videos of her hunched back and hips, in which she dances with her thighs bared. These are the thoughts of gloria steinem which have been turned to the wind , the latter adding that the first record of the year 2004 was not a failure. The magazine, which it is published, is cited by some as saying that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since the second record was a disaster. According to the magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since the second record was a disaster compared with her first. Maclean's magazine is written that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since the second album was a disaster compared with the first. In the newspaper, the narrator says that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since the second album was a disaster compared with her first. Moreover, videos of her hunched back and hips, which she dances with her thighs exposed. In the same way, furtado's new sexual appearance is seen as unoriginal, it is defended by thousands of witty pop stars who are half of furtado's talent. Maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. Maclean's magazine, some say that furtado's growth was natural and natural evolution of a singer; others say that she "went out" to get an album, especially since her second album was a disaster compared to her first. These are the thoughts of gloria steinem, which turned to the wind in 2007: a video was posted on youtube and led to /se>. It’s said that the timbaland’s recording of the song “Do it” by timbaland was a reinterpretation of a song by the great “devil is the old soul” by Suni, winner of the 100th anniversary of the Old Old Time Music Contest... “He said that he had a chance to play the song, but that he had no time to find out the story behind the tune... “He said he had a chance to play the song, but that he had no time to find out the story behind it.” “This is an entertaining bit of trivia,” said Hansuke Skarmunen, the representative of the universal which represents nelly furtado in finland. “If the artist is inclined to proceed further with this saga, he would have to go to America and face them with the law in the state of law. It would take much faith and, of course, money.” ” ““The song was reinterpreted by timbaland from the old popular “Dear Lord is the Old Soul,” which was won in the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... ” Hannu Sormunen, a representative of universal, which represents the northern part of nelly furtado, in the 17th issue of Iltalehti, commented upon the controversy in the 15th edition of the magazine He said he had a chance to play the song, but that he had no time to learn the story behind it. “He said that he had a chance to play the song, but that he had no time to find out the story.” “This is an entertaining tittle-tattle,” said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, who represents the northern part of nelly furtado, in the August issue of Iltalehti. “If the artist wants to make the saga of this, he will have to go to America and confront them in the state of law. It would take much faith and, of course, money.” Hannu Sormunen, a representative of the universal which represents the northern part of nelly furtado, commented on the controversy in the 15th edition of the magazine – ” This song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “Devil is the Old Soul” by Suni, the winner of the 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... “This song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “Devil is the Old Soul” by Suni, who won the contest at the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... ... It’s said that the song timbaland recorded is the interpretation of the great song by Suni, winner of the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... ‘This song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song ‘The Devil’s the Old Soul’, which was a winner of the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... - “He played the song, but he did not know the story.” “This is an amusing story,” Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, representing the northern part of nelly-fritta, in the August 15th issue of the magazine. ‘If the artist is inclined to go on like this, he would have to go to America and fight them in the law, which would be a lot of faith and, of course, money.’ – ‘This song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song ‘Devil is the old soul’ by Suni, who won the contest at the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest...’ ‘He played the song, but he did not know the story behind it.’ ‘He said he had a chance to play the song, but he did not know the story.’ Hannu Sormunen, the representative of universal, who represents the northern part of nelly-fritta, commented on the controversy in the 15th edition of the magazine: ‘This is an entertaining bit of trivia,’ said Hansuke Skarmunen, the representative of universal, which represents the northern part of nelly-fritta, in the August issue of Iltalehti. ‘If the artist wants to go on with this saga, he would have to go to America and face the law there in the state of law, it would take much faith and, of course, money’ This song is reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “The Devil is the Old Soul” – Suni won the 100th anniversary of the Old Music Contest... “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song “The Devil is the Old Soul” – Suni won the 100th anniversary of the Old Music Contest – “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “The Devil is the Old Soul” – which won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the Old Music Contest – “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song “The Devil is the Old Soul”, which won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old music contest... – “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song “The Devil is the Old Soul” – “This song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “The Devil is the Old Soul”, which won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old Music Contest... – “He played the song, but he did not know the story.” Hannu Sormunen, the representative of universal, which represents the north part of nelly, commented on the fifteenth edition of the magazine: “This is an amusing tittle,” Hansuke Skarmunen, the representative of universal, which represents the north part of nelly, said on the 15th edition of the magazine: “If the artist wants to continue with this saga, he has to go to America and fight in the law, which would require much faith and, of course, money.” “This is an amusing tittle,” Hansuke Skarmunen, the representative of universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, in the 15th edition of the magazine: “This song is reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “The Devil is the Old Soul” by Suni, winner of the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old music contest... “He played the song, but he did not know the story.” ... “If the artist wants to make a saga, he’ll have to go to America and fight the law, and it’ll take a lot of faith and money.” “It’s an amusing bit of trivia,” Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, who represents the northern part of nelly, said in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: “This is an amusing bit of trivia,” said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, in the 15th edition of the magazine: “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song The Devil is the old soul”; Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old timemusic contest... The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song The Devil is the old soul; he won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old timemusic contest... “The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song The Devil is the old soul”; Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old music contest... “The song played, but he did not know the story.” “This is an amusing story,” Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, in the August 15th issue of the magazine: “If the artist wants to continue the story, he must go to America and fight the law, which would take much faith and, of course, money.” ” The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song “Devil is the old soul” by Suni, who won the prize of the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old music contest... ” “He played the song, but he didn’t know the story.” The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song "Devil is the old soul", Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest. " The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song "Devil is the old soul", Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... " The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song "Devil is the old soul" - Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... " The song was reinterpreted by Timbaland from the popular song "Devil is the old soul" - Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the old-fashioned music contest... " The song was played, but he did not know the story. " "It is a funny story," Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, said in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: "This is an amusing tittle," said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: "This is an amusing tittle," said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the northern part of nelly, in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: "This is an amusing tittle," Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the north part of nelly, said in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: "The song is reinterpreted by Timbaland from the song "Devil is the old soul", Suni won the prestigious 100th anniversary of the music contest... " He played the song, but he did not know the story." "This is an amusing tittle," said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the north part of nelly, in the fifteenth edition of the magazine: "This is an amusing tittle," said Hansuke Skarmunen, representative of the universal, which represents the north part of nelly, in the 15th edition of the magazine: "If the artist wants to continue this story, he must go to America and fight The 92nd season of competition association football and the 77th season of the football league which was played by york city football club, a professional football club located in york, north yorkshire, england. Their 17th place finish in 2012 - their 17th place finish in the league meant that they had their second season in league two... It was the 92nd season of competition football and the 77th season of the league, which was played by the city club, a professional football club located in york, north yorkshire, england. In 2012, the team placed 17th, which meant they were second in league two... nigel worthington, who had just begun his first season in the management of York, had made eight permanent summer transfers... After a 17-game unbeaten run the team placed ninth in the 24-game winning team of the 24-game league.... This meant that the team qualified for the play-offs, and were eliminated in the semi-final by fleetwood town.... In 2012, the team placed 17th, which meant that they were second in the league... In 2012, the team placed 17th, which meant that they were second in the league... This was the 92nd season of competition football and the 77th season of the football league, which was held by York City Football Club, a professional football club located in York, north-east England. The team placed 17th in the league, which meant that they were second in league two... In the league, thirteen players appeared in national leagues, and there were twelve different goalkeepers. The defender Ben Davies had not played in five of the fifty+ games he played in the season... nigel worthington, who had just started in the football management of York, had made eight permanent summer transfers... In 2012 the team placed 17th, which meant that they were second in league two... The club placed 17th in the league in 2012, which meant they were second in league two... In the tournament strophers were also scored by 35 players, and there were twelve different goals scored... And in the previous season the club had been 17th, so they were second in the league... The club had been 17th in the league, which meant they were second in the league... The 92nd season of competition football and the 77th season of the league, which was held by York City Football Club, a professional football club located in York, north-east England. In 2012 the team was 17th, which meant they were second in the league... The club placed 17th in the league, so they were second in the league... The club placed 17th, which meant they were second in the league... In the league thirteen players appeared in national leagues and there were twelve different goalkeepers... Ben Davies had not played in five of the fifty+ games he played during the season... nigel worthington, who had just started his first year in the management of York, had made eight permanent summer transfers... In 2012 the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the tournament, there were also thirty goals scored by 35 players, and there were twelve different goals scored... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they placed second in the league... The team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... The team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... The club placed 17th, so they were second in the league... The 92nd season of football and the 77th season of the football league, which was played by York city football club, a professional football club located in York, north-east England. The club placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the league, thirteen players appeared in the national leagues, and twelve different goalkeepers... In the tournament, thirty goals were scored by 35 players, and twelve different goals were scored... In the tournament, thirty goals were scored by 35 players, and twelve different goals were scored... In the previous season, the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... The defender Ben Davies did not play five of the fifty+ games he played in the season... nigel worthington, who had just begun in the management of York, made eight permanent summer transfers... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the league, thirteen players appeared in national leagues and twelve different goalkeepers... In the tournament there were also thirty goals scored by 35 players, and there were twelve different goals scored... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... ni»»»»»»”»»», stni»»”«”[24]——“last year they were 17th, so they were second in the league... n»»»In the 97th season of football and the 77th season of the league, which was held by the city club, a professional football club located in York, north-east England. The team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the game, thirty goals were scored by 35 players, and there were twelve different goals scored... In 2012, the team placed 17th, so they placed second in the league... At the end of the season, lee bullock, jon challinor, chris doig, david mclaughlin, patrick mclaughlin, michael potts, jamie reed and jason walker were let go of the club, while Marya Blair went to Fleetwood. The club placed 17th, which made them second in the league... The club placed 17th, which made them second in the league... The club placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the league thirteen players appeared in the national leagues and there were twelve different goalkeepers... In the league thirteen players appeared in the national leagues and there were twelve different goalkeepers... Ben Davies did not play five of the fifty+ games he played during the season... nigel worthington, who had just begun in the management of York, made eight permanent summer transfers... In 2012 the team placed 17th, so they were second in the league... The club placed 17th, so they were second in the league... In the league thirteen players appeared in the national leagues and twelve different goalkeepers... In the tournament there were thirty goals scored by 35 players and there were twelve different goals scored... In the league, thirty goals were scored by 35 players and there were twelve different goals scored... Ben Davies did not play five of the fifty+ games he played during the season... nigel worthington, who was just beginning in the management of York, made eight permanent summer transfers... In 2012 the team placed 17th, so they were second... In the league, thirteen players appeared in the national leagues and there were twelve different goalkeepers... In the league, thirteen players appeared in the national leagues and there were twelve different goalkeepers... nigel worthington, who had just begun in the management of York, made eight permanent summer transfers... In the tournament thirty goals were scored by 35 players and there were twelve different goals scored... In 2012 the team placed 17th, so they were second... In the tournament, thirty goals were scored by 35 players and there were twelve different goals scored... In the past year they were 17th, so they were second... In the past year they were 17th, so they were second... In 2012 the team placed 17 smith signed new contracts with the club. The first-team squad was the goalkeeper Chris kettings, on a season’s contract from Blackpool, defender Benjamin davies on a loan from preston north-end, midfielder craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, winger sander puri from st mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from burnley and ryan jarvis from torquay united. On his side, he wore the two shirts that had been worn in the previous season: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings, on a season's contract with Blackpool, a defender named Benjamin davies, loaned to preston north-end, a midfielder craig clay from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger sander puri from st mirren, strikers ryan bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The squad consisted of the following. The home kit consisted of red shirts with white sleeves, light blue shorts and white socks. A second captain’s jersey, a red twill shirts, a light blue twill shirt, and white socks, were worn by the club. The captain’s jersey consisted of a goalkeeper called Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies on a loan from preston north-end, a midfielder called Chris kettings from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, a richard dun from sheffield united, a wes dun from burnley, and a ryan jarvis from torquay united. York began the season with a 1-0 victory over their pre-season league rivals, NEXTO, at home, taking 4–0... There were two new signings made on the eve of the transfer deadline. One was the goalkeeper Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, the other a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north-end, a midfielder called Chris kettings from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard dun from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The squad consisted of the following: a goalkeeper called Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies on a loan from preston north-end, a midfielder called Chris kettings and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The first-team squad consisted of the following: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings, on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender named Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north-end, a midfielder called Chris kettings from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield united, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. On his side he wore the two shirts of the previous season: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north-end, a midfielder called Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a midfielder called The squad consisted of: a goalkeeper called Chris kettings, on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north, a midfielder called Chris kettings from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The club had two new signings: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies on a season’s contract with Prestwick, a midfielder called Chris puri from st mirren and a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard dun from sheffield, wes dun from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The squad consisted of the following: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings, on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north-end, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard dun from sheffield, wes dun from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. On his side, he wore the two shirts of the previous season: a goalkeeper named Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender named Benjamin davies on a season’s contract with preston north, a midfielder called Chris kettings and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from st mirren, a striker called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from At home the club played on a 4-0 victory over the NEXTO finalists, a 4–0. York came out on top with a 1-0 win over their first round rivals, NXTO, in the process of gaining a 4–0 victory. The squad consisted of the following: a goalkeeper called Chris kettings, on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north, a midfielder called Chris kettings from chesterfield and lewis montrose from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley and ryan jarvis from torquay united. The first team consisted of: a goalkeeper called Chris kettings on a season’s contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies on a season’s contract with Prestwick, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Chris puri from gillingham, a winger called Ryan Bowman from hereford united, richard cresswell from sheffield, wes fletcher from burnley, and ryan jarvis from torquay united. On his side he wore the two shirts from the previous season: a goalkeeper called Chris kettings, on a season's contract with Blackpool, a defender called Benjamin davies, loaned from preston north, a midfielder called Chris kettings and lewis montrose from gillingham, a "For the rest of the year - the nets are _612_, he signed for _Seven_ months, _as ________ month. Sheffield United midfielder elliott whitehouse has signed for ___ month - with the school to the end of 2013. ____" The streak of four defeats ended with a 1 - 1 draw against wycombe wanderers, in which mcgurk put the home team in front, but then the home team scored twice to lead a 2 - 1 draw. ‘The rest of the year is – nets are – 627, he signed for – Seven months, – as – month.’ ‘Eliott Whitehouse has signed for – month – with the school until the end of 2013.’ ‘For the rest of the year – nets are – he signed for – _Seven_ months, – as _each_ month.’ The streak of four defeats ended with a 1–1 draw with the Wanderers, in which Mcgurk put the home team in the lead, but the home team scored twice to lead the game to a 2–1 draw. This summer, he signed for three months, and six months, as a month. - Eliott Whitehouse has signed for three months, with the school, until the end of 2013. "The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as a month." - The rest of the year, the nets are 627, he signed for seven months, as a month. "The fourth defeat ended with a 1–1 draw with the Wanderers, in which Mcgurk put the home team in front, but the home team scored twice to lead a 2–1 draw. The second team in the league, however, was beaten, 3–0 at home, by rotherham united, and the league championship was ended by a 3–0 defeat at newport county. York, who were beaten in the second round, a 1–0 draw, at home, was won by o’ neill and jarvis, then chesterfield fought back, with armand gnanduillet and jay o’ shea... "The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as a month." "The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as a month." "The fourth defeat ended with a 1–1 draw against wycombe Wanderers, where Mcgurk put the home team in front, but the home team scored twice to lead a 2–1 draw.'Eliot Whitehouse has signed for three months, and six months, as a month." "The rest of the year, the nets are 627, he signed for seven months, as a month. " 'Eliot Whitehouse has signed for three months, with the school, until the end of 2013. " The league's second team was beaten 3–0 at home by rotherham united, and the league's championship was wiped out by a 3–0 defeat at Newport.' In the second round of the game, a 1–0 draw was won by o' neill and jarvis, while at home, chesterfield took the lead with armand gnanduillet and jay o' shea.'The year is 627 nets, he signed for seven months, as 'every month'. ' In the second round, in the second round, York won a 1–0 draw at home, but wycombe prevailed, and wycombe prevailed, but wycombe won twice, to lead the game to a 2–1 draw. “The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as a month.” “The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as a month.” The fourth round, in which o’ neill and jarvis were in the lead, wycombe won the game with armand gnanduillet and ay o’ shea, and the third round, wycombe won the game, but the third round scored twice to win a 2–1 draw. The second team in the league, however, was beaten 3–0 at home by rotherham united, and the league’s championship was wiped out by a 3–0 defeat at Newport. “The fourth round of the game ended in a 1–1 draw against wycombe Wanderers, in which Mcgurk put the home team in the lead, but the home team scored twice to lead the game to a 2–1 draw. “The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as month.” “The year is 602 nets, he signed for seven months, as month.” The other side of the league, however, was beaten 3–0 at home by rotherham united, and the league championship was ended by a 3–0 defeat at Newport. York, who were beaten in the second round, lost by a 1–0 draw at home, o’ neill and jarvis, then chesterfield took the lead with armand gnanduillet and jay o’ shea... However, plymouth eloquenceets 11 minutes later, through Obadei, and the match was drawn 1 – 1. York were knocked out of the fa cup, after losing 3 – 2 at home to bristol rovers, in a first round replay. The visitors were 3 – 0 up by fifty – 0 minutes, when fletcher led with a penalty and a long, –  – range strike. After a short while, plymouth got his opine, and the game was drawn 1 – 1; but plymouth lacked the speed and resiliency to force their way through Obadei, and the game was drawn 1 – 1 with a draw. York were knocked out of the FA Cup after losing 3 – 2 at home to the Broughton rovers in a first-round replay. They played in the first league defeat of the season, 2 – 1 at home to Sutton United. The visitors were 3 – 0 at half-time, when fletcher scored with a penalty and a long, –-range strike. In the first half, kevan hurst and bowman opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side pulled ahead with a low strike during the second half, before luke prosser was victorious at the half-way point. We drew a draw from Leeds. York drew a draw from Leeds after losing 3–2 at home to the broughton rovers in a first round replay. York were beaten out of the FA Cup, after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton rovers in a first round replay. In the first half, kevan hurst and Bowman had the goal for Sutton, but the home side had pressed forward in the second half with a low strike, and before half-time luke prosser had won. Then York drew 0–0 to Morecambe. After a few minutes, plymouth had an opinion and the game was drawn 1–1; but plymouth had neither the speed nor the stamina to break Obadei, and the game was drawn 1–1 with a draw. After popping out of his contract with charlton, York signed a transfer to Wolverhampton Wanderers keeper Aaron McCarry on loan until january 2014. The visitors were 3–0 up at half-time, when fletcher scored with a penalty and a long-range strike. In the first half, kevan hurst and bowman opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, before luke prosser was victorious at half-way. In the first league game of the season, York lost 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. Then York drew a draw from Leeds. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bowman had the goal for Sutton, but the home side had driven forward in the second half with a low strike, and at half-way point luke prosser was victorious. Then York drew a draw from Morecambe. In the first-round, kevan hurst and bowman opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side had driven back with a low strike in the second half, before luke prosser was victorious. In the first-round, kevan hurst and bowman opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, before luke prosser won the game at half-way. But plymouth gave an opinion and the game was drawn 1–1; but plymouth did not have the speed or the stamina to break Obadei, and the game was drawn 1–1 with a draw. Then York drew 1–0 at Morecambe. In the first half, kevan hurst and Bowman had the goal for Sutton, but the home side had run ahead in the second half with a low strike, and before half-time luke prosser had won the match. Eventually plymouth came up with a plan and the game was drawn 1–1; but plymouth did not have the speed and resiliency to beat Obadei, and the game was drawn 1–1 with a draw. York lost the FA Cup, after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side came back with a low strike in the second-round, and at half-time luke prosser triumphed. York drew a draw from Leeds, after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second-round, before luke prosser triumphed. Atkinson was released from his contract with charlton, and was transferred to Scarborough Athletic with whom he had been on loan., where he scored with a volley that blazed across the face of the goal. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, and before half-way luke prosser had triumphed. Then York drew 1–0 at Morecambe. The first-round replay had kevan hurst and bobswold open the scoring for Sutton, but the home side had pushed back in the second half with a low strike, and at half-way luke prosser had won the game. York were swept out of the FA Cup, having lost 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. Then York drew 1–0 at Morecambe. In the first-round replay kevan hurst and bobswold open the scoring for Sutton, but the home side had fallen back with a low strike in the second half, and before half-way In the first season of the season, York lost 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers, in a first-round replay. York lost the FA Cup after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. The first-round replay showed kevan hurst and bobswold leading the way for Sutton, but the home side was pushed back in the second half with a low strike, and luke prosser won the match. York lost the league, after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. During the first half kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side was pushed back in the second half with a low strike, and at half-way luke prosser won. Atkinson was released from his contract with charlton and was transferred to Scarborough Athletic, where he scored with a volley that blazed across the goal. In the first-round replay kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, before luke prosser triumphed. York lost the FA Cup after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. York lost the cup after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. Then York drew 1–0 at Morecambe. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, and luke prosser won at half-way. In the first-round replay, kevan hurst and bobswold opened the scoring for Sutton, but the home side retreated with a low strike in the second half, and before half-way luke prosser was victorious. York were swept out of the FA Cup after losing 3–2 at home to the Broughton Rovers in a first-round replay. In the first-round replay After 19th minutes, the visitors were two goals to one. Alexandre jarvis scored the only goal of the season, in a 1–0 victory at home against morecambe on New Year’s Day. This result meant that in 2014, York would begin in the 22nd position in the table, just out of the relegation zone. , he was given a waiver from burnley, who had to take part in their football match. - - By mid-year, the visitors had two goals to one. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by morecambe. The result meant that in the first year of the year York would begin in the 22nd place in the table, and out of the relegation zone. - mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton druids because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, and o’ neill was recalled by burnley to participate in their cup match. - mccarey was called by wolverhampton Wanderers due to an injury to one of their goalkeepers, while o’ neill was called by burnley to take part in their match. ‘Alexander Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of New Year’s Eve, when he was beaten 0–0 by Morecambe. This result meant that in the first year of the year York would be 22nd in the table and out of the relegation zone. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year’s Eve when he was beaten 1–0 by morecambe. He was given a waiver from Burnley, who had to take part in their football match. The Davies’ loan was extended, while brobbel and whitehouse returned to their parent clubs. After the 19th minute the visitors were two goals to one. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of New Year’s Day, when he was beaten 1–0 by morecambe. The result meant that in the first year of the year York would begin in the 22nd place in the table, and far from the relegation zone. – mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, and o’ neill was recalled by burnley to participate in their cup match. "Alexander Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of the New Year when he was beaten 0 -0 by Morecambe. This resulted in the year 2014 in which York would be 22nd in the table and far from the relegation zone. - mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o'neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1 -0 by Morecambe. - mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, and o'neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their game. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year's Eve when he was beaten 1 -0 by Morecambe. - mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, and o'neill was recalled by burnley to participate in their game. After 19th minute, the visitors were two goals to one. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of New Year's Eve, when he was beaten 1 -0 by Morecambe. - This result meant that in the first year of the year York would be in the 22nd position in the table and out of the relegation zone. The Davies' loan was extended, while brobbel and whitehouse returned to their parent clubs. The Davies loan was extended, while Brobbel and Whitehouse returned to their parent clubs. The evans, as a result of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, were brought in; mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, was recalled by burnley, to take part in the match. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe; the result meant that in the first year of the year York would be 22nd in the table and far from the relegation zone. By the 19th minute the visitors were two goals to one. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. This resulted in the year 2014 when York would be 22nd in the table and far from the relegation zone. The Davies loan was extended, while Brobbel and Whitehouse returned to their parent clubs. On the morning of the New Year Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. - Alexandre Jarvis, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o’neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. - Alexandre Jarvis, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o’neill was recalled by burnley to participate in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of the New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. Once again Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe; this resulted in the year 2014, when York would be 22nd in the table and far from the relegation zone. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe; Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. The evans were brought in to be brought in; mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers for an injury to one of their keepers, was recalled by burnley to participate in their match. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe; the result meant that in the first year of the year York would be in the 22nd position and far from the relegation zone. Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season, on the morning of New Year, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe; mccarey, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, was recalled by burnley to participate in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o’ neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis scored the only goal of the season on New Year’s Day, when he was beaten 1–0 by Morecambe. - Alexandre Jarvis, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o’ neill was recalled by burnley to take part in their match. - Alexandre Jarvis, recalled by wolverhampton Wanderers because of an injury to one of their goalkeepers, o’ neill was recalled by burnley to participate in their match. Thus, just after the match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first-team  . When the match was over, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to make the first team. In a four-way match, they lost 0–0 to fellow mid-table club cheltenham, then they swept away plymouth 4–0 with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, to achieve a third consecutive victory at home. After missing a few games, the team finished off by drawing 0–0 at Southend. He left the club, however, after the game, and entered the team. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, and then he conquered plymouth 4–0, with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, to score a third successive victory at home. He played six games with the club, but he showed no signs of improving in his six appearances for the club.  Hayhurst was given a loan, after he showed good signs for the club during his six years of service. After a few games the team finished off by drawing 0–0 at Southend. Hayhurst was given a loan, after he showed good sign of showing himself at the club during his six years of service. At the end of the match Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. After the match Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. In a four-way match they lost 0–0 to fellow mid-table club cheltenham, and then they conquered plymouth 4–0 with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson to secure the third consecutive victory at home. In the last match Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. On the other hand, in the final match, York won a 1–0 home win over struggling portsmouth, and this result was enough to send york into the play-offs in the seventh place, with eight fixtures still to play. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe and carson to secure a third successive victory at home. Bowman scored the only goal with a 32nd–thug penalty as York won a 1–0 home win over stout Portsmouth, in which fletcher missed the opportunity to extend the lead when his penalty had been saved by alan marriott. He played six games with the club, but he showed no improvement in his six appearances with the club. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe, and carson to secure a third consecutive victory at home. After a few games, the team finished off 0–0 at Southend. At the end of the game, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. He played six games with the club but showed no sign of improvement in his six matches. In the last match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. In a four-way match they lost 0–0 to fellow mid-table club cheltenham, then they won plymouth 4–0 with goals from fletcher, mccombe and carson, to achieve the third consecutive victory at home. After the match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, and then he conquered plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe and carson, to secure the third consecutive victory at home. He played six games at the club, but showed no signs of improving during his six years at the club. But he left the club after the game, and joined the team. Brobbel, the middle-sbrough winger, was released by mansfield in January 2014 and was signed on loan until the end of the season, following an injury to carson. And so, just after the match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. The last match Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. He played six games at the club, but showed no improvement in his six matches. He played six games with the club, but showed no improvement in his six matches. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe, and carson, to win a third consecutive victory at home. After the match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. In the last match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. In the four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe and carson, to win a third consecutive victory at home. On the other hand, in the final match, York won a 1–0 home victory over struggling Portsmouth, which placed York in seventh place, with eight games to play. In the four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe and carson, to secure the third consecutive victory at home. In the last match, Mr. Smith left the club by mutual consent to play first team. He played six games with the club, but showed no improvement in six games. In a four-way match, he lost 0–0 to cheltenham, then he won plymouth 4–0 with fletcher, mccombe and carson, to secure the third consecutive victory at home. I am sure that he was more happy when he came out of a huddle and slammed some shots at burton. £2 £1 £2  on a huddle in front of his audience than that before. On a matchnight with burton he clinched the league by six. The following month he had six wins and one draw, and a win brought him back to eighth-place. That evening he clinched the league by six points. I am sure he was more happy when he went out of a huddle and blew up burton's shots. The following month he had six wins and one draw, and a win brought him back to eighth. I am sure that he was more happy when he got out of the huddle and hit burton. A couple of matches with burton he clinched the league by six. I'm sure he was more happy when he stepped out of a huddle and smashed burton. That evening he clinched the league by six points. The next month he had six wins and one draw, and a win brought him back to eighth. The result meant that york took a five-point lead over eighth-placed oxford, with two more matches to go. He was sure he was more happy when he jumped out of a huddle and slammed burton's shots. The result made york gain a five-point advantage over eighth-placed oxford with two more matches left. Pope earned a nomination for league two player of the month for april 2014, having conceded only one goal in five matches. That evening he won by six points. On a matchnight with burton he won by six points. That evening he won by six points. That evening he won by six points. It seems he was more happy when he stepped out of the huddle and made burton explode. He was sure he was more happy when he jumped out of the huddle and smashed burton. Pope earned the title of league two player of the month for the month of april 2014, conceding no more than five goals in five matches. That evening he clinched the league by six points. It is certain he was more happy when he jumped out of the huddle and blew up burton's shots. Next month he had six wins and one draw, and he climbed to eighth. York finished the season in seventh place in league two, and thus would be placed fourth in the playoffs. In the final, a final match took place at bootham crescent, the result of which was that the company went to the semi-final, on the back of a 17-match unbeaten run. On a match with burton he clinched the league by six. That evening he clinched the league by six. I am sure he was happier when he stepped out of the huddle and slammed burton. That evening he clinched the league by six. It seems he was happier when he stepped out of the huddle and slammed burton. In the last round, a final match took place at the bootham crescent, and the result was that the company advanced to the semi-finals, having been unbeaten in 17 matches. Pope was honoured with the title of league two player of the month for the month of April, conceding only one goal in five matches. He was sure he was more happy when he jumped out of the huddle and slammed burton. The following month he had six wins and one draw, and a win brought him back to eighth. That evening he won by six points. That evening he won by six points. He was sure he was more happy when he jumped out of the huddle and smashed burton. This evening he won by six points. In the final a final match took place at the Bermagian Hotel, which resulted in the company advancing to the semi-final, after a 17-match unbeaten run. 0 on the aggregate, which ends the prospect of a third promotion in three seasons...., at an awards party at the York racecourse, oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year for the year 2013 - 14. ‘Feb’14 is the date when a company has hit the top half of the table and are one match from winning the fifth place. * In february 2014, the team made it into the top half of the table and in possession of the sixth place with one match left, it became the fifth position in league two.... At the gala at the York racecourse, oyebanjo was named clubman of the year for the year 2013-14.... davies, despite the fact that he made only four appearances during the season, made 46 appearances in 46 of the course’s 52 matches. The team had made it to the top of the table, and after two matches, had taken sixth place, they were fifth in the league. In february 2014, a team made it into the top half of the table, and with only one match left, they had become the fifth position in the league. Davies, despite the fact that he made only four appearances during the season, had made 46 appearances in a season's 52 matches. On the final day of the season, the company was sent to New York for the banquet, and oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year for the year 2013-14... oyebanjo was chosen at an awards party at the racecourse to be clubman of the year 2013-14... oyebanjo at an awards party at the racecourse was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14. fletcher, who had contributed in all leagues, had 10 league goals and 13 in all competitions, and was the only player to score double figures. It is the date when a team achieves the top half of the table and with only one match left, the fifth place. And if a company made it to the top half of the table and had only two matches left, it was the fifth position in the league. The team had made it to the top half of the table, and had made it to the sixth place with only one match left, it was the fifth position in the league. oyebanjo was chosen at the gala at the racecourse to be the clubman of the year 2013-14. At the gala at the racecourse, oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14. At the Gala at the racecourse, oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14. " oyebanjo at the gala at the racecourse was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14. The last day of the season, the company was sent to New York for the banquet, and oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14... The goalkeeper Jason Mooney from tranmere had also played in the winter, had, in the league, 11 goals and 13 points, and was the only player who had scored a double figure. At the end of the season, the company was sent to New York for a banquet, and oyebanjo was chosen clubman of the year for the year 2013-14... oyebanjo at an awards banquet at the racetrack was chosen clubman of the year 2013-14... davies, despite having only four matches in the season, made 46 appearances in the 52 matches. “April 15th is the date when a team hits the top half of the table and has only two matches left. It is the date when a team hits the top half of the table and only two matches remain, and it is the fifth place in the league. The last day of the season, the company goes to New York to celebrate, and oyebanjo is chosen as a member of the year 2013-14. The last day of the season, the company goes to New York for a banquet, and oyebanjo is chosen as a member of the year 2013-14. oyebanjo is chosen as a member of the year 2013-14. oyebanjo is chosen at the gala at the racetrack to be the clubman of the year 2013-14. In January 2014, a team made it to the top of the table, and took the sixth place with only two matches left, so that they are fifth in the league. On the last day of the season the company goes to New York for the banquet, and oyebanjo is chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... At the banquet at the racetrack, oyebanjo is chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... In the month of February, a team made it into the top half of the table, and with only two matches left, it became the fifth place in the league. In February 2014, a team made it into the top half of the table, and with only two matches left, it became the fifth place in the league. - In the league, fletcher scored in all leagues, had eleven goals and 13 points, and was the only player to score double figures., at the gala at the racetrack, oyebanjo was chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... At the gala at the racetrack, oyebanjo was chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... oyebanjo was chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14. In the first week of the season, the company was sent to New York for the banquet, and oyebanjo was chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... At the last day of the season, the company goes to New York for the banquet, and oyebanjo is chosen as the clubman of the year 2013-14... oyebanjo is chosen at the banquet at the race track to be the clubman of the year 2013-14... In January 2014, the team was on the top of the table, and took the sixth place with only two matches left, so they are fifth in the league. The goalkeeper Jason Mooney of tranmere played in the winter, he had 11 goals and 13 points, and was the only player who scored double. The goalkeeper Jason Mooney of tranmere had also played in the league, he had eleven goals and thirteen points in all leagues, and was the only player who scored double points. That is, players on loan from another club for the whole of their season with York... players who did not appear for matches, only as unused substitutes.... Key to the lineup: gk - goalkeeper ; df - defender ; mf - midfielder ; fw - forward...