 Astraeus hygrometricus, commonly known as the hygrometric earth-star, the barometer earth-star, or the false earth-star, is a fungus of the diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life the mushroom displays the characteristic earth-star shaped structure, which is the result of the outer layer of the flesh, which opens in a star-like manner. Astraeus hygrometricus, sometimes called the earth-star, the barometer earth-star, or the deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life, the mushroom displays the characteristic earth-star-like shape, the result of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a starlike way. Astraeus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth-star, barometer earth-star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life, the mushroom shows its characteristic earth-star shape, as a result of its outer layer of flesh that opens in a star-like fashion. In the middle of life, the mushroom shows its characteristic earth-star shape, the result of its outer layer that opens in a star-like fashion. The rays are irregularly cracked, while the spore-case is pale brown and smooth with an irregular slit or tear at the top. Initially, it appears white, but dries out and turns to powder. It is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. Astraeus hygrometricus, sometimes called the earth-star, the barometer earth-star, or the deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life, the mushroom has the characteristic earth-star shape, because of the outer layer of its flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The rays are irregularly shaped, and the case is pale brown and smooth, with a irregular slit or tear at the top. The spores are reddish-brown, roughly spherical with minute warts, measuring 7-.5.5. 11 micrometers in diameter. Initially it looks white, but drys out and turns to powder. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical with warts, measuring from 7 to 5.5 micrometers in diameter. The rays are irregularly shaped, and the case is pale brown and smooth, with an irregular tear at the top. In the middle of life, the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, as a result of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a star-like manner. In the middle of life, the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, because of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a star-like manner. In the middle of life, the mushroom shows its characteristic earth star shape, because of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life, the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, as a result of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The rays are irregularly shaped, and the case is pale brown and smooth, with an irregular slit or tear at the top. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical with small warts, about 0.7-0.5-.11 millimeters in diameter, and they dry out and turn into powder. morgan suggested that differences in microbiology made a new genus astraeus distinct from geastrum; this opinion was not accepted universally.... Several asian populations formerly thought to be a... hygrometricus were renamed in the 2000s, when phylogenetic analysis revealed that they were unique astraeus species, containing a..., which were known to be a... morgan proposed that the difference in microstructures should have led to the creation of a new species of astraeus, distinct from the geastrum; but this opinion was not universally accepted by later authorities. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, because of the outer layer of flesh that opens in a star-like manner. The rays are irregularly twisted, while the case is pale brown and smooth, with an irregular tear at the top. In the middle of life the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, because of the outer layer of flesh that opens in a star-like manner. The spores are reddish brown, spherical, with little warts, measuring from 0.7 to 0.5 millimeters, and dry out and turn into powder. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical, with tiny warts, measuring from 7 to 5.5 micrometers. It initially appears white, but dries out and turns into powder. The hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the midst of life, the mushroom has the characteristic earth star shape, because of the outer layer of flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called the earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer of its flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer of its flesh which opens in a star-like manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer of its flesh which opens in a star-like manner. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical, with little warts, from 0.7 to 0.5 millimetres, and they dry out and turn into powder. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer of its flesh that opens in a star-like manner. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical with warts, measuring from 7 to 5.5 micrometers. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical with little warts, from 7 to 5.5 micrometers. It initially appears white, but it dries out and turns into powder. Several asian population previously thought to be a... hygrometricus, were renamed in the 2000s, when phylogenetic analyses proved that these were unique astraeus species, consisting of... -, which were known to be a... hygrometricus. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of its outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. The rays are irregularly twisted, while the case is pale brown and smooth, with an irregular tear at the top. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical with little warts, measuring from 7 to 5.5 micrometers, and it will turn white; however, it will turn into powder. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. In the middle of life the mushroom has its characteristic earth star, because of the outer layer, which opens in a starlike manner. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. The fungus hygrometricus, sometimes called earth star, barometer star, or deceiver, is a fungus of the Diplocystaceae family. The spores are reddish brown, roughly spherical, with small warts, from 0.7 to 0.5 millimetres, and they dry out and However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan the species of geastrum was not open-cast in the young gleba, had larger and branched capillitium threads, had not a true hymenium, and had larger spores. It has been shown, however, that the Geastrum of the Young Gleba was not open-cast, and had larger and branched, branched, hyphenated capsillium, and larger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the species of Geastrum was not open-cast in the young Gleba, had longer and branched threads, and had no true hymenium. The spores were longer. Although morgan published this in 1889, some authorities in the following years continued to classify the species as Geastrum. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham explicitly transferred the species to the genus Geastrum in 1944. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not open-cast, had bigger and branched capilliums, and larger spores. The only difference between the two is the aeonium of the hymenium... The species of the Geastrum was not open-cast in the young gleba, it had larger, branched, hyphenated capilliums, and larger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the species of the Geastrum was not open-cast in the young gleba, it had longer and branched cords, and no true hymenium. The spores were longer. But, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the species of the Geastrum was not open-cast in the young gleba, it had longer and branched cords and no true hymenium. It has been shown that the geastrum of the young gleba was not open-cast, it had larger and branched, and larger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not open-cast, had larger and branched, and larger spores. The spores were larger. Although morgan published this in 1889, in later years some authorities continued to classify this species as Geastrum. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not open-cast, it had branched, hyphenated and hyphenated capsilliums and larger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not open-cast, it had longer, branched and hyphenated capsilliums and larger spores. In the growing plant the glebes are separated by tramal plates, so difficult that they are invisible to the uncritical researcher. But according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had longer, branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but the spores were not longer. The taxonomist could not define any point of difference between "astraeus" and "geastrum," which means that the name should be dropped. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores and larger spores. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham did not expressly call this geastrum "geastrum" until 1944. But according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had longer and branched cords and larger spores. It has been found that the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast, it had longer and branched cords and bigger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast, it had longer and branched cords and bigger spores. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast, it had more and more branched cords and bigger spores. The difference between the two is the aeonium of the hymenium. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham, who had introduced the species into the world in 1944, did not expressly call it Geastrum. But according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the Geastrum of the Young Gleba was not cast in the Early Gleba; it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores; but according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the Geastrum of the Young Gleba was not cast in the Early Gleba; it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores; the Geastrum of the Young Gleba was not cast in the Early Gleba; it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores; however, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the Geastrum of the Young Gleba was not cast in the early Gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true Hymenium. The spores were larger. It has been shown that the geastrum of the young gleba is not cast, it has more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but the spores are not longer. However, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba is not cast, it has longer and branched spores and more spores. But according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba is not cast, it has more and more branched and hyphenated spores and more spores. The spores are longer. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba is not cast, it has longer and branched spores and more spores. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham, who introduced the species into the world in 1944, did not expressly call it Geastrum. However, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but the spores were not longer. The spores were longer. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham, who had introduced the species into the world in 1944, did not call it Geastrum. However, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. The geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. The spores were longer. However, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. The American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, however, did not cast the geastrum of the young gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but the spores were longer. The new German gycologist gordon herriot cunningham, who had introduced this geastrum to the world in 1944, did not call it Geastrum. However, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleb But according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. But according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but it had not been cast in the early gleba. The geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but it had not been cast in the true hymenium. The new German gycologist, Gordon herriot, who had introduced the geastrum in 1944, did not call it Geastrum; however, according to American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not a true hymenium. The geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but it had not a true hymenium. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but the spores were not longer. The new German gycologist Gordon Herriot Cunningham, who introduced this species in 1944, did not call it Geastrum. However, according to the American botanist Andrew P. Morgan, the geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early gleba, it had more and more branched and hyphenated spores, but not the true hymenium. The geastrum of the young gleba was not cast in the early — resembled the geastrums (and are also called earthstars), is the name of the common name of the “false earthstar.” The resemblance to geastrums (also called true earthstars) accounts for the common name “false earthstar”. The name of the falcon is based on the resemblance to the geastrums (also called the earthstars), and is the name of the ‘false earthstar’. As a result of a detailed study in the 2000s, many species of asian collection site named Hygrometricus, a genus whose name had been hygrometricus, had been very variable in both the phylogenetic and macroscopic characteristics. The phylogenetical studies on the dna sequences of the ribosomal dna from several astraeus specimens from all over the world have helped to explain the phylogenetic relationships within the genus. I have now made a thorough study of a few species of the Asian collection site named Hygrometricus, a genus whose name was Hygrometricus, and had been very variable in phylogenetic and macroscopic characteristics. The resemblance to the geastrums (also called earthstars) accounts for the common name of “false earthstar”. In the past, as a result of detailed studies, many species of the genus Hygrometricus were found to be very different in their phylogenetic and macroscopic characteristics, especially in the ribosomal dna, which was described in several species of astraeus, which all over the world. By means of these observations, two asian populations of hygrometricus were named new species: a. asiaticus and a. odoratus (also called petcharat ) – in this respect the name of the false earthstar. The resemblance of the hygrometer to the geastrums, which are also called the earthstars, gives the name of the false earthstar. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna has been very useful in the explanation of the phylogenetic relationships of the genus Hygrometricus. As a result of studies in the 2000s, many species of the Asian hygrometer of Hygrometricus, a genus whose name had been Hygrometricus, were very variable in their phylogenetic and macroscopic characteristics. The differences between the two asian species of hygrometricus (a genus which has been called Hygrometricus), he was found to be very different in phylogenetic and macroscopic characteristics. The similarity of the geastrums (also called earth-stars) accounts for the common name of the false earth-star. The name of the falcon is based on the similarity of the geastrums (also called earth-stars) and is the name of the false earth-star. The phylogenetic study of ribosomal dna, derived from a few species of astraeus from all over the world, has helped to explain the phylogenetic relationships of the genus., to thailandicus, [38]  ( hygrometricus,[38] [40] [37] thailandicus,[37] - asian groups of hygrometricus were named new species: a. asiaticus, and a. odoratus (also called petcharat) [36] in this respect, the name of the "false earthstar". As a result of an extensive study in the 2000s, many species of Asian hygrometricus, a genus whose name was Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. In a similar manner to the geastrums, which are also called earthstars, is the name of the false earthstar. I have now studied a few species of Asian hygrometricus, a genus which has been called Hygrometricus, which was very variable in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The similarity of the geastrums (also called earthstars) is the name of the false earthstar. As a result of the study of the ribosomal dna, which was derived from several species of astraeus from all over the world, has helped to explain the phylogenetic relationships of the genus Hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, as a result of several astraeus specimens from all over the world, has shown a great deal of variation in phylogenetic and morphological features, and has identified the two asian species of Hygrometricus (a genus called Hygrometricus) as being very different in phylogenetic and morphological features. This is the name of the falcon, which is based on the similarity of the geastrums, which are called earth-stars, and is the name of the false earth-star. The name of the falcon is based on the similarity of the geastrums, which are called earth-stars, and is the name of the false earth-star. The similarities of the geastrums (also called earth-stars) is the name of the false earth-star. In 2010, a study of a japanese species, previously known as hygrometricus, was identified as genetically distinct; it is yet to be officially named... For the phylogenetic analysis of ribosomal dna, derived from a few species of astraeus from all over the world, has helped to explain the phylogenetic relationships of the genus Hygrometricus. I have now studied a few species of Asian Hygrometricus, a genus whose name was Hygrometricus, which was very variable in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. As a result of a detailed study in the 2000s, many species of the genus Hygrometricus, a genus whose name was Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The similarities of the geastrums, which are called earthstars, are the names of the false earthstar. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, taken from several astraeus specimens from all over the world, has been very helpful in describing the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, taken from several astraeus specimens from all over the world, has been very useful in enumerating the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. In 2010, a japanese species, which was called Hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, and had not been officially named... [10] In the last decade, as a result of a detailed study, many Asian species of hygrometricus, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, i.e., the differences between the two asian species of hygrometricus, namely, a. asiaticus and a. odoratus (also called petcharat)—in that respect, the name of the false earthstar. As a result of a detailed study in the 2000s, many species of hygrometricus, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The A detailed study in the 2000s revealed that many Asian hygrometricus, a genus called Hygrometricus, was very variable in its phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. I have now studied a few Asian hygrometricus, a genus called Hygrometricus, and found that the two asian hygrometricus, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The similarities between the geastrums, called earth stars, are the name of the false earthstar...., according to the phylogenetic analysis of ribosomal dna, derived from several astraeus from all over the world, have helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus.... In the 1990s, many species of the genus Hygrometricus, called Hygrometricus, had very different phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. In the 2000s, many species of the genus Hygrometricus, called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The name of the falcon is based on the similarity of the geastrums, called earth stars, and is called the false earth star. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, derived from several species of astraeus from all over the world, helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. For phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, obtained from several astraeus from all over the world, is very useful for enumerating the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, obtained from several astraeus from all over the world, has helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. In the past, as a result of detailed studies, many Asian species of Hygrometric I have now studied a few Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, which is very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. As a result of a detailed study, many Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, taken from several astraeus from all over the world, has helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. As a result of the study in the 2000s, many Asian hygrometricus species, called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. In the 1990s, many Asian species of the genus Hygrometricus, called Hygrometricus, had very different phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, derived from several astraeus from all over the world, was very useful in explaining the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of Hygrometricus. In 2010, a japanese species, called Hygrometricus, was remarkably different from the others and has not been named officially. In 2010, a japanese species, called Hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown... The name of the falcon is based on the similarity of the geastrums, which are called earth stars, and is the name of the false earth star. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, derived from several species of astraeus from all over the world, was very useful in enumerating the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. After studying a few Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, many Asian hygrometricus species were found to be very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. During the years of the past, because of systematic study, many Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, the phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, obtained from several astraeus species from all over the world, helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. The study in the 2000s revealed that many Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. In the 2000s, many Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, and the name of the falcon is based on the similarity of the geastrums, called earth stars, called false earth star, like geastrums (also called earth stars) are called false earth star. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, taken from several astraeus from all over the world, helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. In 2010, a japanese species, called hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown. In 2010, a japanese species called hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still not known., in 2010, a japanese species called hygrometricus was identified as genetically different, but it was not officially named... In 2010, a japanese species, called hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown... It was very different from the other. In the past, due to the studies, many Asian hygrometricus species, a genus called Hygrometricus, had very different phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, and the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, taken from several astraeus from all over the world, has been very useful for the analysis of phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of hygrometricus. In the 2000s, many Asian hygrometricus, called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics. The similarities between the geastrums, called earth stars, are the names of the false earth star. In the past, in the study of scientific facts, many Asian hygrometricus, called Hygrometricus, were very different in phylogenetic and morphological characteristics, and the phylogenetic analysis of ribosomal dna, which was derived from several astraeus from all over the world, helped to explain the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the ribosomal dna, obtained from several astraeus from all over the world, has been very helpful in explaining the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. The phylogenetic analysis of the dna, obtained from several astraeus from all over the world, has been very useful in explaining the phylogenetic and morphological characteristics of the genus Hygrometricus. In 2010, a japanese species, Hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown. In 2010, a japanese species, Hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown. In 2010, a japanese species, Hygrometricus, was genetically different from the others, but the name was still unknown... In 2010, a japanese species, Hygrometricus It is possible, because the exoperidium is composed of several layers of tissue, and the outermost, woven layer is hygroscopic and curls and unduly curls the entire ray, as it loses or gains moisture from the surrounding environment... the spore-shell, enclosed in a thin papery inner tube. Illusion of spores, and inner tube, which is folded in a thin paper bag. It is possible, because the exoperidium is composed of several layers, and the outermost, woven hygro-linear layer is hygroscopic and curled up, losing or gaining moisture from the surrounding environment.... Dry fruit bodies, with the rays curled up, are easily blown in the wind, so that the spores roll from the pore. “Thirty-six inches”) in diameter from tip to tip. The spore-shell, wrapped in a thin paper-like inner tube. The exoperidium is composed of several layers of tissue, and the outermost, woven layer is hygro-linear and curls, and curls and undulates the entire ray, losing or gaining moisture from the surrounding environment... The dry fruits, with the rays twisted, are easily blown in the wind, so that the spores can roll out of the tube. It is possible, because the exoperidium is composed of several layers, and the outermost, woven, hygro-linear layer is hygro-linear and curls, and loses or gains moisture from the surrounding environment... The spores, wrapped in a thin paper bag, are split into six parts The exoperidium is composed of several layers, and the outermost, woven layer is hygienic, and it curls and undulates the entire ray, losing or gaining moisture from the surrounding environment... The spores are wrapped in a thin paper-like inner sleeve. It is possible, because the exoperidium is composed of several layers, and the outermost, woven, hygienic layer is hygienic and curls, and loses or gains moisture from the surrounding environment... The spores, wrapped in a paper-like inner sleeve, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a thin paper-like inner sleeve, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper-like inner sleeve, are of a kind of peaty to dark gray to tan colour, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4, 1, 2 in, a thickened felt-like surface, and a scaly surface, covered with a thin scaly layer. The dry fruits with the rays twisted, are easily blown into the wind, so that the spores roll out of the sleeve. The spores, wrapped in a thin paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black to dark grey to black color, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4, 1, 2 in, there is a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly surface. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are formed into six parts. It is possible because the spores are composed of several layers, and the outermost woven layer is hygienic and curls, losing or gaining moisture from the surrounding environment. The spores are wrapped in a thin paper bag. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a peaty to dark gray to tan color, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 in, 2 in, thickened scaly surface, covered with a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray to tan, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 in, a thickened felt-like surface, covered with a thin scaly layer, are easy to wind in the wind, so that the spores can roll out of the bag. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark grey to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black, to dark grey, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. It is possible, because the spores are composed of several layers, and the outermost, woven, hygienic layer, curls and loses or gains moisture from the surrounding environment... The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. And the spores wrapped in a paper bag are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt surface and a thin scaly layer. It is possible because the spores are composed of several layers, and the outermost woven layer is hygienic and curls, losing or gaining moisture from the surrounding environment. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black to dark gray to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty to dark gray to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty to dark gray to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty to dark gray to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, to black, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of black, to dark gray, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are divided into six parts. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm, 4 cm, 2 inches, a thickened felt and a thin scaly layer. The spores, wrapped in a paper bag, are of a kind of peaty, to dark gray, and in the middle, in a thickness of about 1 cm The capillitia (a mass of thread—like sterile fibers scattered among the spores—are branched.... The capsillites (a mass of thread-like sterile fibers which are scattered among the spores) are branched... the basidia (spore-like cells) are four - eight - spored, and have very short sterigmata... 5 m in diameter, and hyaline (black)... The capsillites (a mass of thread-like sterile fibers scattered among the spores) are branched... The basidia (stem cells) are four - eight spores long and have very short sterigmata... 5 m in diameter, and black... 5 m thick. The threads of the capillitia arise from the inner surface of the peridium, and are thick, long, interwoven, and branched, 3 - 5 m thick... The exoperidium (the outer layer of tissue, comprising the rays) is made of four different layers: the mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, the fibrous layer contains branched hyphae of 4 - 6 m in diameter, the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 3 - 6 m in diameter... The capsillites (the bundle of thread-like sterile fibers which are scattered among the spores) are branched... The basidia (stem cells) are four- eight spores long and have very short sterigmata... 5 m in diameter, and black... 5 m thick. The exoperidium (the outer layer of tissue which comprises the rays) consists of four layers: the mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, the fibrous layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, and the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter... edibility, - - - " The string of marrow-like sterile fibers gathered among fungi are branched. The branched capsillia (the bundle of marrow-like sterile fibers gathered among fungi) are branched. The branched capsillia (a bundle of marrow-like sterile fibers gathered among fungi) are branched. The branched capsillia (a bundle of marrow-like sterile fibers gathered among the fungi) are branched. The mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, the fibrous layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, and the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter... The capsillitia (a bundle of marrow-like sterile fibers gathered among the spores) are branched... basidia (stem cells) are four - eight spores long and have very short sterigmata... 5 m in diameter, and black... 5 m thick. The authors of this study observed that the fruits of the fruit they eat after being cooked had a "roasted, herb, oily, and oily" flavor. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, the fibrous layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, and the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, the fibrous layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, and the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter... The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The mycelial layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, fibrous layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter, and the soft layer contains branched hyphae, 4 - 6 m in diameter. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. The branched capsillia (the bundle of sterile fibers gathered among fungi) is branched. From a few sources before, it was known that asian and North American versions of a. hygrometricus were not always the same; in some cases the asian versions of a. hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. If you went to the past few years you must have heard that the asian and North American versions of a. hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the asian versions of a. hygrometricus were distinguishable as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. odoratus. A few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not always the same. In some cases the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. odoratus. If you’ve been to the neighborhood of hygrometricus for the last few years, you must have heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. A few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not always the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. sent> floriforme, g. recolligens, and g. kotlabae... if you went to the past few years you must have heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. And if you’ve been to the neighborhood of hygrometricus for a few years, you’ve probably heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus aren’t the same. A few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a.... if you’ve been to the neighborhood of hygrometricus for a few years, you’ve probably heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus aren’t the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a.... Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. asian versions of hygrometricus were not the same in some cases, asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, asian versions of asiaticus and a. hygrometricus... And if you have been to the neighborhood of hygrometricus for a few years, you must have heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus are not the same. Some of the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a.... If you have been to the neighborhood of hygrometricus for a few years, you must have heard that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus are not the same. In some cases the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a.... From a few sources it was known that the asian and the North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. In some cases the asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. hygrometricus. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and the North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and the North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. hygrometricus. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and the North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and the North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. hygrometricus – asian versions of hygrometry – asian versions of hygrometricus – asian versions of hygrometry – asian versions of hygrometricus – asian versions of hygrometry – in some cases the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. – a few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same – in some cases the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. – a few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. – some years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometrics were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometrics were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. – hygrometricus; however, its spores are smaller than hygrometricus, usually about 4 – 15 cm (n.d.). – hygrometricus – Flora albae and g. recolligens, g. recolligens, g. kotlabae – hygrometricus; in some cases the asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, such as a. asiaticus and a. – hygrometricus. – hygrometricus – hygrometricus – hygrometricus – but the spores are smaller than that of hygrometricus, typically 4 – 5 cm – 15 cm ( 2 – 2 – 6 “Asian hygrometry” - Flora albae and g. recolligens, g. recolligens, g. kotlabae - hygrometricus; but the spores are smaller than hygrometricus, usually 4 – 5 cm (n.d.) or more, and often has a more pronounced oblique pattern on the inner surface of the rays. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. Some of the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometricus were not the same. In some cases the asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometrics were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometrics were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. hygrometricus. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometrics were not the same. A few years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. hygrometricus. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometrics were not the same. Some of the Asian versions of hygrometricus were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. The Asian version of hygrometry is not the same as the North American version, but it is different, it is different. The North American version is different, it is different. The North American version is different, it is not the same, some of the hygrometrics are different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is not the same, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is not the same, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is different, asian version is the same, asian version is the same, asian version is new, asian version is not the same, asian version is... Several years ago, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometricus, asian version of hygrometrics, asian version of hygrometricus, asian version of hygrometricus, asian version Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Several years ago it was known that the Asian and North American versions of hygrometry were not the same. Some asian versions of hygrometry were distinguished as new species, a. asiaticus and a. “Asiaticus has an outer peridial surface covered with small granules, and a glistening gleba of purplish chestnut color compared with the smooth, brownish glistening of a... "The upper limit of the spore size of... asiaticus is larger than that of its more common relative.... hygrometricus... " Asiaticus has a peridial surface dotted with small granules and a gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with the smooth, brown gleam of... hygrometricus... A asiaticus’s outer surface is covered with little granules and has a purplish chestnut shine, compared with the smooth brown gleam of... hygrometricus...’ (n.b.). ‘Asiaticus has a peridial surface covered with small granules and a gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with the smooth brown gleam of... hygrometricus...’ The upper limit of the spores of... asiaticus is larger than that of its more common relative... koreanus.” - Asianus, surrounded by small granules, with a gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with a gleam of... hygrometricus. “Asiaticus has an outer peridial surface covered with tiny granules, and a gleam of purplish chestnut color, compared with the smooth, brown gleam of... koreanus [60] - is a tree with a larger diameter, a paler body, a more numerous rays; microscopically it has smaller spores (between 6 and 7)... [59] - koreanus (called the variety A hygrometricus var koreanus, see aedy, and he is smaller than the common tree. Its main body is paler, with more rays; microscopically, it has smaller spores, of the 6 to 7 size (It is shorter than the common tree,). Asiaticus has an outer surface covered with small granules, and a gleam of red chestnut color, compared with the brown gleam of... hygrometricus. - Asianus, surrounded by little granules, with a gleam of red chestnut color, compared with the brown gleam of... hygrometricus. - Asianus, covered with little granules, has a gleam of red chestnut color, compared with a gleam of... hygrometricus. - Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with a gleam of... hygrometricus - The upper limit of spore size of... asiaticus is larger than koreanus... - - Asiaticus, covered with small granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with the brown glow of... hygrometricus. Asiaticus, surrounded by small granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with the brown glow of... hygrometricus. - Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus - is a tree with a bigger body, with more rays; microscopically it has smaller spores (between 6 and 7). The fungus, through the mutualistic interaction of the roots and the mycelium of the fungus, extracts the nutrients (especially phosphorus) from the soil; and the fungus also obtains carbohydrates from photosynthesis. The upper limit of spores of... asiaticus is greater than that of koreanus... Asiaticus, covered with small granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with... koreanus... The fungus is surrounded by small granules, and has a purplish chestnut color, compared with... koreanus... The spores of... asiaticus are larger than those of koreanus... koreanus [12] is a tree with a larger diameter, a paler body, and more rays; the microscopically, it has smaller spores (6 to 7); koreanus (Chryso-Fruitus, [13][14], is a tree with a paler body, more rays; the microscopically, smaller spores (6 to 7); koreanus [13] [14] is a tree, called hygrometricus var koreanus, see aedy, and it is smaller than the common tree. Asiaticus has an outer surface covered with small granules, and a bright gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with the bright brown gleam of... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus...... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with the brown gleam of.... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of ruddy chestnut color, compared with the brown gleam of... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of..... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of...... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of....... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of............ The fungus surrounded by little granules has a bright gleam of........... The asiaticus is covered by little granules and gleams of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus. Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus. Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, gleams of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus. The fungus, through the mutual interaction of the roots and the mycelium of the fungus, extracts nutrients (especially phosphorus) from the soil; and the fungus also extracts carbohydrates from the photosynthesis. Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus. The upper limit of the spores of... asiaticus is greater than that of koreanus. Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of red chestnut color, compared with... hygrometricus.... Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of... hygrometricus. Asiaticus, surrounded by little granules, has a bright gleam of... hygrometricus... ” "Companied by different kinds of mushrooms, there are a number of such mushrooms. They are found in temperate and tropical regions of the world. "Along with other mushroom species, there are also some. They are found in temperate and tropical regions. The extract of a hygrometricus containing a polysaccharide called ae2 was found to inhibit the growth of several tumor cell lines in laboratory tests, and stimulated splenocytes, thymocytes, and bone marrow of mice. “Since mushrooms are a lot of things, there are lots of mushrooms of different kinds. They are found in temperate and tropical regions. A mannose extract, which contains a polysaccharide called ae2 has been found to inhibit the growth of several malignant tumors in vitro and in vivo stimulated splenocytes, thymocytes, and the bone marrow of mice. Besides the steroid compounds previously known, ergostae - 7, 7, 22, 22, 22, tetraene - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - - 3 - ol acetate and ergostae - 7, 7, 22 - diene - 3 - ol acetate and ergostae - 4, 6, 8 - tetraene - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - one - three unique triterpenes, derivatives of 3 - - 3 - ol acetate and ergosta - 7 - ol acetate, ergosta -, ergosta - – It has been demonstrated that, among the different kinds of mushrooms, there are many. They are found in temperate and tropical regions. A mushroom extract containing a polysaccharide called ae2 has been shown to inhibit the growth of several malignant tumors in vitro and in vivo, stimulated splenocytes, thymocytes, and bone marrow of mice. The extract of a hygrometricus containing a polysaccharide called ae2 was shown to inhibit the growth of several malignant tumors in vitro and in vivo, and stimulated the growth of splenocytes, thymocytes, and bone marrow in mice. Another substance - astrahygrol, 3 - epihygrol, 3 - epihygrol, and astrahygrone ( 3 - epihygrol, 3 - epihygrol) - has a 6 - membered ring - a chemical characteristic of the basidiomycetes. Besides the steroid compounds previously known, ergosteroles ( 3, 5, 24) - ergostae 7 - 23 - diene 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - 3 - ergosteroles ( ergosteroles, 3, 5 - 6 - yl palmitate) have been isolated from mycelia grown in liquid culture. “There are many types of mushrooms in the world. They are found in temperate and tropical regions. A mannose extract, which contains a polysaccharide called ae2, was shown to inhibit the growth of several malignant tumors in vitro and in vivo, and to stimulate the splenocytes, thymocytes, and bone marrow of mice. The extract of a hygrometricus containing a polysaccharide called ae2 was found to inhibit the growth of several malignant tumors in vitro and in vivo, and to stimulate the growth of splenocytes, thymocytes, and bone marrow in mice. Another compound, astrahygrol, 3 epihygrol, 3 epihygrol, and astrahygrone (3 epihygrol, 3 epihygrol) has a 6 membered ring - characteristic of basidiomycetes. Besides the steroid compounds known earlier, ergosteroles (three, five) - ergosteroles (three, five), ergosteroles (three, five), ergosteroles (three, five, six yl palmitate) have been isolated from mycelia in liquid. – from the fruit, ethanol extracts, have been found to have an antioxidant activity, and have been shown in the laboratory to have anti-inflammatory activity, compared with the drug diclofenac. – the type of nucleus – et cetera – - from a nucleus – hepatic – - protective-type of nucleus – –. – to a liver type of c- cell. – That earth star was used in the ancient medicine for hemostatic properties. The spore dust was applied to wounds and burns. The ethanol extracts from the fruits were found to have a good antioxidant effect, and have been shown to have an anti-inflammatory effect compared with the drug diclofenac. - This spore body was blended with mustard seed oil and used for curing burns... The ethanol from the fruit has a good antioxidant activity, and has been shown to have anti-inflammatory activity compared with the drug diclofenac. The spores were mixed with mustard seed oil, and applied to burns. This spore body was mixed with mustard seed oil and used for the treatment of burns... The blackfoot of North America called the fungus ‘fallen stars’, considering them to be stars fallen to earth in supernatural occurrences. The ethanol from the fruit has been found to have an antioxidant activity and has been shown to have anti-inflammatory activity compared with the drug diclofenac.