 Tonina (or simply tonina, as it is called in the spanish orthography), a site of ancient Maya civilization located in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 mi) from the city of ocosingo. The site is medium to large, with rows of temples and pyramids, on terraces rising some 71 metres (233 feet) above a plaza, and a large court with a court of popular ballgames and more than 100 carved monuments, most of which date from the 6th century to the 9th, in the classic period. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, in the state of chiapas, some 13 miles (another 8 miles) from the city of ocosingo. The site is medium to large, with rows of temples and pyramids rising some 71 meters (233 feet) above a plaza, and a large court with a ballroom and more than 100 carved monuments, most of which date from the 6th century to the 9th, in the Classical period. Tonina is distinguished by its well preserved stucco sculptures and especially by its round carved monuments, which were created, to a degree, in mesoamerica, not to be seen since the beginning of the olmec civilization. In the early Classical period, Tonina was an aggressive state, developing a powerful kingdom by fighting. Tonina was a ferocious state during the late Classical period, experimenting with warfare in order to develop a strong kingdom. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, located in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language) is a region of ancient Maya civilization, in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo, a place of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. The site is moderately large, with rows of temples and pyramids rising some 71 meters (233 feet) above the plaza, and a large courtyard with a ballroom and more than 100 carved monuments, most of which date from the 6th to the 9th century. The city is known for the last time that is known to the monument, which is the end of the Classical period in ad 909. There is a date in front of the city. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language) a site of ancient Maya civilization in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, located in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. The site is moderately large, with rows of temples and pyramids rising 71 meters (233 feet) above a plaza, and a large courtyard with a ballroom and more than 100 carved monuments, most of which date from the 6th to the 9th century. The city is known for the last time, which is at the end of the Classical period, in the year ad 909. The city is known for the last time that is known to the monument, which is in the era of the end of the Classical period. The first versions of the tonina emblem bore the double-poglyph and the word popo was also found in colonial records. The early version of the emblem glyph bore the double-poglyph and the term popo is also mentioned in colonial records. Tonina is distinguished by its well preserved stucco sculptures, especially by its round carved monuments, which are a type only found in America, which is not a part of the olmec civilization. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language) is a region of ancient Maya civilization, located in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. The city is known for the last time, which is at the end of the Classical period, in the year of ad 909. Tonina (or simply Tonina, as it is called in the spanish language), a region of ancient Maya civilization, in the state of chiapas, about 13 km (another 8 km) from the city of ocosingo. Tonina is known for the last time, in the end of the Classical period, in the year of ad 909. The first version of the flag of Tonina bore the double-pointed script and the word popo was mentioned in the colonial records. Tonina is distinguished by its well preserved stucco sculptures, especially by its round carved monuments, which have not been seen in America, which is not a part of the olmec civilization. Tonina is known for the last time, which is in the end of the Classical period in ad 909. Tonina is known for the last time, which is in the end of the Classical period, in ad 909. The first versions of the Tonina emblem bore the double-poglyph and the word popo also was mentioned in the colonial records. It is tonina's greatest rival throughout its recorded history., it is separated from Palenque by a mountainous range, and the centre of the site is located along an easy-to-reach limestone ridge to the west of a seasonal stream of the Riojata River, one of the two rivers that form the Ocosingo Valley. - It is the only rival in the history of the land of Nina. The historical development of the place is particularly strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the enlargement of the district. A 17th century text, which refers to a king of the 8th century, mentioned only his title, not his name. - It is the only rival in the history of Nina. It is the first mentioning of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, which is located in the northeast on the Usumacinta river, which is an official document and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The historical development of the place is particularly strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the area. The first reference of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of the site of chinikiha, which is located ten kilometres (five miles) to the northeast on the Usumacinta river, a document from a throne and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. a jaguar in the lilac birds, is illustrated in a sixth century stela, which describes him as having come to the throne in 568. "This is the only rival in the history of Nina. The development of the place is particularly strong, although the remains are completely buried under the expansion of the area. The first reference of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta River, which is an official document and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. It is the only rival in the history of Nina. The first citation of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located ten kilometres (five miles) to the northeast on the Usumacinta River, which is an official document and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The history of Nina is particularly strong, though the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the area. In 633, K’Inich hix chapat installs two subordinate lords, but very little is known of his reign, though he probably sank into throne in 595. Then, in the sixth century, a text describes a jaguar in lilacs, and in the sixth century, a text of the sixth century, refers to him as having been installed at the throne. This is the only rival in the history of Nina. The development of the place is particularly strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the region. It is the only rival in the history of Nina. The first mention of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, which is located in the northeast on the Usumacinta river, a document of a throne, and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The first mention of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, which is located ten kilometres (five miles) to the northeast on the Usumacinta river, which is an official document and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. During the 8th century, a text in the third century described a jaguar in lilacs, and in the sixth century a text in the sixth century described him as having been elected to the throne. The history of Nina is particularly strong, although the remains are completely buried under the expansion of the country. The first reference to Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta river, which is an official document and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The historical development of the place is particularly strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the country. The third text of the seventeenth century mentions a jaguar in the lilacs, and in the sixth century a text of the sixth century refers to him as having been installed at the throne. It is the only rival in the history of Nina. It is the first rival in the history of Nina. The history of Nina is especially strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried in the expansion of the territory. The first reference to Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta River, a document of a throne, and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The first reference to Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta River, a document of a throne, and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The first citation of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta river, a document of a throne, and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. The first citation of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located in the northeast on the Usumacinta river, an official document, and describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. It is the only rival in the history of Nina, the development of the place is especially strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the area. The third text of the seventeenth century mentions a jaguar in lilacs, and in the sixth century a text of the sixth century refers to him as being installed in the throne. The development of the place is particularly strong, although the surviving remains are completely buried under the expansion of the area. The first citation of Nina in a foreign publication is from the site of chinikiha, located ten kilometres (five miles) from the northeast on the Usumacinta River, an official document, describes the capture of a person from Nina in 573. Nina is the only rival in the history of Nina. The nineteenth-century text, which refers to a king of the eighth century, mentioned only his title and not his name, and in the sixth century a text in – At the hands of one of them, a certain prince is identified as a lord from annak. – The arms of one of them is encircled in a suit of arms. – At the hands of the other is indicated a certain lord of the annak. – The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king2 of Palenque. The battle at the head of the capital was documented in the letter of the Ancient of Sacrament from the 19th century. The battle in the heart of the capital is documented in the 18th century letter of the ancient of Sacrament. In the arms of one, there is a prince from the Anoak family. - The arms of the first one is encircled with a suit of arms. The arms of the second one are marked by a certain lord of the Anoak family. - One of them is represented by a certain lord of the Anoak family. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. He restored the reign of Tonina by a number of military victories over Palenque and the reign of the rival city dominated by the struggle for the regional power. “One of them is represented by a prince of the Anoak family. ” At the head of the city is the letter of the ancient of the Sacrament, the battle in the heart of the city is written in the 18th century letter of the ancient of the Sacrament. In the arms of one of them is an encircled suit of arms, the other by a certain lord of the Anoak family. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. During the reign of Tonina he led several military victories over Palenque, and was dominated by a rival city which was used for regional power. The date of the death of the king is unknown. The King of Tonina was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the King of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the King of Palenque. The battle at the head of the capital was documented in the letter of the ancient of the Sacrament, the battle at the heart of the capital was documented in the 18th century letter of the ancient of the Sacrament. The arms of one of them were bound in the arms of the other, and the king was drawn in the arms of the Anoak family. The arms of one of them was bound in the arms of the Anoaks. The arms of the other were marked by a certain Anoak lord. In the arms of one, the armour of the Anoaks was encircled, while in the arms of the other a certain Anoak lord was marked. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the reign of Palenque. The King of Tonina was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the reign of the King of Palenque. The King of Tonina, enthroned in 688, twenty years after the reign of the King of Palenque, took on military victories against Palenque and dominated the rival city. This victory was so great that there was a ten-year gap between the history of the defeated city and the reign of the captured king. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. He restored Tonina's reign by a number of military victories against Palenque and the dominance of the city. One of them was encircled in an encircled suit, and the other was engraved with the Anoak lord. At the head of the city is the letter of the ancient of the sacrament, at the heart of the city is the letter of the ancient of the sacrament. The arms of one of them are encircled in an encircled suit, while the arms of the other are engraved with the Anoak lord. In the arms of one, the arms of the Anoak lord is engraved, while in the arms of the other a certain Anoak lord is engraved. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. In 688, the king was crowned, twenty years after the king of Palenque, and he restored Tonina's reign with a number of military victories over Palenque and dominated the city, which was used as a fortification. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The arms of one of them were encircled in the arms of the other, and the king was drawn in the arms of the Anoaks. The arms of the other were encircled in the arms of the Anoaks, the arms of the other by a certain Anoak lord. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the king of Palenque. The armies of one of them are bound together, and the armies of the other are engraved with the anoak lord. The king's arms are encircled in the armies of the other, and the armies of the other are engraved with the anoak lord. In the arms of one of them is encircled in the armies of the Anoak, in the arms of the other anoak lord. In the arms of one, there is an encircled arm, in the arms of the other, a certain Anoak lord. One of them is encircled in the arms of the Anoak, in the arms of the other a certain Anoak lord. The king was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the King of Palenque. In 688, the King was crowned, twenty years after the King of Palenque, and he restored Tonina's reign by a number of military victories over Palenque, and in the city dominated by the struggle for the power. The King was enthroned in 688, twenty years after the King of Palenque. The king's arms were encircled in one of them, and the king was encircled in the other. The arms of one were encircled in the other, and the king was drawn into the arms of the Anoaks, the arms of the other were engraved with the Anoaks. The Anoak lord's arms were encircled, the arms of the other Anoak lord's. In one of them, the Anoak lord The tomb of his father, k  inich b  aaknal chaak, is the tomb of his predecessor k   aaknal chaak... During the reign of k   aaknal chaak, there were no statues of his bound prisoners, though the reason for this was unknown. “The tomb of his father, k. inich b. aaknal chaak, is the tomb of his predecessor, k... But what happened next? The ruler was a lesser known person. He was succeeded by a lesser known person. There are little known of the next two rulers, for they are called k. inich tuun chapat. During his reign he began to make war with Palenque, but the name of the prisoner is lost, and one cannot guess whether it is the true king of palenque or the merely vassal of his k. The tomb of his father, k. inich b. aaknal chaak, is the tomb of his predecessor, k.... The ruler was a lesser known person. In his reign he began to battle with Palenque, but his name is lost and no one knows whether he is the true king of Palenque or simply a vassal of his k. During his reign there were no statues of his bound prisoners, although the reason was not known. Around 764 tonina defeated Palenque..... The ruler was a lesser known person. His successor was a lesser known person. In 775, a text of this period described the death of the prince wak chan k ak, who seemed to have been the heir of the throne, who died before he had succeeded in power. During his reign he began to fight with Palenque, but his name was lost, and nobody could guess whether he was the true king of Palenque or merely a vassal of his k. The tomb of his father, k. inich b aaknal chaak, is the tomb of his predecessor k... The ruler was a lesser known person. He was succeeded by a lesser known person. There are little known of the next two rulers, for they are called k. inich tuun chapat. In 775 a text of that period describes the death of the prince wak chan kak, who was a heir of the throne, who died before he had succeeded him. The ruler was a lesser known person. He celebrated a series of events during his reign, beginning with the defeat of pomoy in 789 and the capture of the king ucha-an-aj-chih, who was supposed to be the vassal of b olon-k awiil. During his reign there were no statues of his prisoners, although the reason was unknown. In 799, he rededicated the tomb of the king. The emperor was a lesser known person. His successor was a lesser known person. The emperor was a lesser known person. There is little known of the next two rulers, for they are called k. inich tuun chapat. During his reign he fought with Palenque, but his name was lost and no one could tell whether he was the true king of Palenque or simply the vassal of his k. During his reign there were no statues of his prisoners, although the reason was unknown. The emperor was a lesser known person. He began to fight with Palenque, but his name was lost and no one could tell whether he was the true king of Palenque or the vassal of his k. During his reign there were no statues of his prisoners, although the reason was unknown. The emperor was a lesser known person. The emperor was a lesser known person. During his reign he began to fight with Palenque, but his name was lost, and no one could tell whether he was the true king of Palenque or simply the vassal of his k. During his reign there were no statues of his prisoners, although the reason for this was unknown. The emperor was a lesser known man. The successor was a lesser known man. In 775 a text of that period described the death of the prince wak chan kak, who seemed to be the heir of the throne, who died before he succeeded him. The emperor was a lesser known man. The emperor was a lesser known man. His successor was a lesser known man. The ruler was a lesser known man. The emperor was a lesser known man. He was succeeded by a lesser known man. The emperor was a lesser known man. In 775 a text of that time describes the death of the prince wak chan kak, who had seemed to be heir to the throne, who died before he had become king. During his reign he began to fight with Palenque, but his name was lost and no one could tell whether he was the true king of Palenque or the vassal of his k. During his reign no statues were found of his prisoners, although this was unknown. The Emperor was a lesser known man. There are few known of the next two rulers, because they are called k. inich tuun chapat. In 775 a text of that time described the death of the prince wak chan, who was the heir of the king, who died before he succeeded him. During his reign he began to fight with Palenque, but his name was lost, and no one could tell whether he was the true king of Palenque or just a vassal of his k. During his reign there were no statues of his prisoners, although the reason was unknown. The emperor was a lesser known man. The successor was a lesser known man. In 775 a certain text, the title of which was the king of k, was called “The Life of the King.” The same text was published in 776, which is called “The Life of the King,” and was published in 779. The man was a lesser known man. At the end of the dynasty, tonina's history re-emerged, though probably aided by the vicinity's relative isolation. Its ruler was associated with a monument dating from the ninth century, and a monument dating from the ninth century bears the date of the last known long-count date, although the king's name has never been spelt. The ruins of the town of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the district. The chief of the town was inscribed on a monument of the ninth century. This monument bears the date of the last known count-date, although the name of the king has never been pronounced. The first of these evidences is given in a ceramic fragment. The excavations took place in the 19th century by a group of historians, one of whom was guillaume dupaix. The ruins of the town of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if helped by the relative isolation of the area. At the end of the dynasty, the history of Tonina returned, though probably thanks to the relative isolation of the region. The chief of the town was engraved on a monument of the ninth century. The monument bears the date of the last known census, although the name of the king has never been recorded. The eduard seler and caecilie seler —[2] eduard seler and caecilie seler eduard analyzed the monuments at Tonina, and published their findings at the turn of the 20th century. The ruins of Tonina began to grow again at the end of the dynasty, as though aided by the relative isolation of the district. john lloyd stephens and frederick catherwood visited the site in 1840, and stephens wrote an extensive description of the place. a monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last recorded census, though the name of the king is never known. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. At the end of the dynasty, the history of Tonina appeared, although probably aided by the relative isolation of the area. The French Tonina project began in 1972, which continued until 1975, and then resumed in 1979 and 1980 under the direction of pierre becquelin and claude baudez. The inscription on the monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last known census, though the name of the king has never been pronounced. The first of these samples is given in a fragment of clay. During the last period of the dynasty Tonina's history re-emerged, though probably due to the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the district. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. frans blom and oliver la Farge investigated the site in the 1920s for the university of tulane, publishing their report in 1926 and 1927. At the end of the dynasty Tonina’s history re-emerged, although probably due to the relative isolation of the region. At the end of the dynasty Tonina’s history appeared, though probably due to the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The main architectural features of the town lie on the Acropolis, which occupies seven south-facing terraces on the north side of the platform, rising 71 metres (233 feet) over the plaza below. The monument to the ninth century bears the date of the last known census, though the name of the king is never known. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The excavations of Tonina began in the 19th century by a group of historians, one of whom was guillaume dupaix. The inscription on the monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last known census, although the name of the king has never been pronounced. The first of these samples is given in a ceramic fragment. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The principal architecture of the city is located in the acropolis, which occupies seven south-facing terraces, which rise 71 metres (233 feet) above the plaza. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The main architectural features of the town lie on the acropolis, which consists of seven south-facing terraces, which rise 71 metres (233 feet) above the plaza. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, though the name of the king has never been recorded. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, although the name of the king has never been recorded. At the end of the dynasty, Tonina's history appeared, although probably due to the relative isolation of the area. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last known census, although the name of the king is unknown. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, although the name of the king has never been recorded. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last known census, though the name of the king has never been mentioned. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The excavations of Tonina began in the 19th century by a group of historians, one of whom was guillaume dupaix. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The excavations of Tonina began in the 19th century by a group of historians, one of whom was guillaume dupaix. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. At the end of the dynasty, Tonina's history returned, although probably because of the relative isolation of the region. At the end of the dynasty, Tonina's history appeared, although probably because of the relative isolation of the area. At the end of the dynasty, Tonina's history came back, though probably because of the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the region. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The ruins of Tonina began to rise again at the end of the dynasty, as if aided by the relative isolation of the area. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, though the name of the king is unknown. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, though the name of the king has never been pronounced. The monument of the ninth century bears the date of the last census, although the name of the king has never been pronounced. The ruins of Tonina began to rise at the end of the dynasty You see, the same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but it was of a palenque style, suggesting that it was constructed by the artists captured.... The sunken ball-court was dedicated in 699 by k.. aaknal chaak to mark three victories over k.. ka balam ii of palenque. The sunken ballcourt was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against k. ka balamii - the king of palenque. You see, the same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but it was of a palenque style, as if it were created by the convicts captured... one of these convicts was named yax ahk (red turtle), who was the lord of annay te (which probably was on the south side of the usumacinta, between the piedras negras and yaxchilan...,... The sunken ball-court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii, the king of palenque. You see, the same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but it was in the Palenque style, as if it were the work of the convicts captured. One of these convicts was a name called yax ahk (red turtle), he was the lord of annay te (which probably was on the south side of the usumacinta, between the piedras negras and yaxchilan...,.... The sunken ball-court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against ka balamii, the king of palenque. That same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but in a Palenque style, as if it had been created by convicts captured. You see, the same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but in a Palenque style, as if it had been created by convicts captured... One of these convicts was called yax ahk (red turtle), he was the lord of annay te (probably, on the south side of the usumacinta, between the piedras negras and yaxchilan... The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against ka balamii, the king of palenque. One of the rooms of the palace contains a stucco scene showing a serpent with a crossed body..... ... The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii - king of palenque. The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii - king of palenque. The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii - the king of palenque. The same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but in the Palenque style, as if it were made by convicts captured... One of these convicts was called yax ahk (red turtle), he was the lord of annay (probably on the south side of the usumacinta, between the yaxchilan and..... The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against ka balamii, king of palenque., 69989666659656665666, 6766668967666966566666 - You see, the same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but it was in the Palenque style, as if it were the work of the convicts captured. The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. Ka balamii, the king of Palenque. The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. Ka balamii, the king of Palenque. The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. Ka balamii, the king of Palenque. The same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but in the Palenque style, as if it were constructed by convicts captured... One of these convicts was called yax ahk (red turtle), he was lord of annay (probably on the south side of the usumacinta, between the piedras negras and... The sunken ball court was dedicated in 699 by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii, the king of palenque.... In 699 the sunken ball court was dedicated by kaarin chaak to mark three victories against K. ka balamii, the king of palenque. The same art was carved in the rocks of the district, but in a Palenque style, as if by convicts captured...,... It was recovered from a school in ocosingo and moved to the museum of tonina. The statue is a badly eroded life-sized human statue, the head of which is missing. The statue is a badly eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. The statue is a stela base with good-looking, - protected hieroglyphs on all four sides. In 728 it was dedicated by k. inich ich aak chapat. It is currently in the Museo Regional in tuxtla gutierrez. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only a minor damage. This statue is a stela base with an interestingly protected hieroglyphic on all four sides. The statue is a eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. It was found from a school in ocosingo, and moved to the museum of tonina. In 728 it was dedicated by k. inich aak chapat. The statue is a eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. It is currently in the Museo Regional in the rue gutierrez. monument 8 is a statue carved in the round, representing the two rulers. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only a minor damage. It is a statue carved in a round, representing two rulers. It dates from 672. It was found from a school in Ocosingo, and moved to the museum of Tonina. This statue is a statue with an interestingly protected hieroglyph on all four sides. The statue is a eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. The statue is a eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. It is currently in the Museo Regional in Rue gutierrez. This statue is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It was recovered from a school in Tonina and moved to the museum of Tonina. In 728 it was dedicated by k. inich aak chapat. It dates from 672. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue carved in a round, representing two rulers. It dates from 672. It was recovered from a school in Ocosingo and moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a statue with a good-looking, protected hieroglyphic on all four sides. The statue is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue with an interestingly protected hieroglyphic on all four sides. It was found from a school in Ocosingo, and it was moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. And it has been found from a school in Tonina and moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been found from a school in Tonina and moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been found from a school in Tonina and moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been found from a school in Tonina and moved to the Museum of Tonina. It is a statue with a good, protected hieroglyph on all four sides. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been eroded to life, with a missing head. It has been found from a school in Ocosingo, and it has been moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been found from a school in Tonina, and it has been moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been carved in a round, representing two rulers. It has been found from a school in Tonina, and it has been moved to the Museum of Tonina. It has been carved in a round, representing two rulers. It has been carved in a round, representing two rulers. It has been eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. It has been eroded life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It was found from a school in Tonina and moved to the museum of Tonina. It was found from a school in Tonina and moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a sculpture of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a statue of yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It was found from a school in Ocosingo and was moved to the Museum of Tonina. It is a statue with an interestingly protected hieroglyphic on all four sides. The statue is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It was found from a school in Tonina and moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It was found from a school in Tonina and moved to the Museum of Tonina. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a ruined yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a ruined yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a ruined yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It is a ruined yellow sandstone and has suffered only minor damage. It was found from a school in Tonina and moved to the museum of Tonina. It is a statue with an interestingly protected hieroglyph on all four sides. The statue is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a missing head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It is a ruined life-size statue, with a ruined head. It was found in the archaeologists’ excavations in 1992. It represented a complex supernatural scene divided into four parts, divided by a feather—* - covered scaffold, from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. The sculpture was found in 1992 in excavations by the archaeologists. It was a complex scene of supernatural reality, divided into four parts, and framed by a pine-covered scaffold, and from which hangs the heads of fallen soldiers. There is a sign of a skeleton skeleton of the god akokkimi (the skeleton of a turtle), wearing turtle shells on its feet and holding a severed head in one hand, interpreted as the Way of a Chief of the Rappa house.... It was found in 1992 in excavations by archaeologists. It was a complex theatrical drama divvied up into four parts, separated by a rope-covered scaffold from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. It constituted a complex fantasy of the supernatural, divided into four parts and framed in a pine-covered scaffold, from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. This frieze has striking stylistic parallels with the murals of the great early Roman city of Titihuacan, in the distant valley of mexico... This sculpture, found in the excavations of the archaeologists, represented a complicated fantasy of the supernatural, divided into four parts and divided by a pine-covered scaffold, from which hangs the heads of fallen soldiers. The sculpture was found in 1992 in the excavations of the archaeologists. It was a complex theatrical drama, divided into four parts and separated by a rope-covered scaffold, from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. The sculpture is a complex fantasy of the supernatural, divided into four parts, and framed by a pine-covered scaffold from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. The first room explains the pyramidal form of the city and how it relates to Mayan mythology, while the main room contains sculptures of the rulers of the city. The pieces in the museum graphically portray two sides of the power of Tonina, on the one hand with sculptures of the rulers of the city, on the other with the depictions of the prisoners of war. The sculpture was found in 1992 by the archaeologists. It was a complicated theatrical drama divided into four parts, separated by a rope-covered scaffold, from which hangs the heads of fallen soldiers.... This sculpture, found in the excavations of the archaeologists, represented a complex supernatural narrative divided into four parts and framed by a pine-covered scaffold, from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. This sculpture, found in the excavations of the archaeologists, represented a complex fantasy of the supernatural, divided into four parts, and framed by a pine-covered scaffold, from which hang the heads of fallen soldiers. The first room explains the pyramidal form of the acropolis, and how it connects it with the Mayan mythology, and the second room contains sculptures of the city's rulers,' and a pair of prisoners of war.