 There was one statewide command of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), created by the royal australian air force during World War ii. It was formed in march 1940 and covered the central part of new south wales. Located at sydney, the RAAF primarily administered the air defense, aerial reconnaissance, and the protection of the sea passages in its boundaries. This was a statewide command of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and encompassed the entire central part of new south wales. It was based in sydney, and was in charge of air defense, aerial reconnaissance and the protection of sea passages in its jurisdiction. The proposal in 1943–44 to form a new central command was not realized. In 1943–44 proposals for the creation of a new statewide command were never carried out. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) was a state-wide command created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the whole of the central part of new south wales. It was located in sydney and was mainly responsible for the air defense, aerial reconnaissance and the protection of the sea borders. The proposal in 1943-44 for the creation of a state-wide command was not implemented. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was founded in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was located in sydney and was responsible for the air defense, aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea-coast. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAF) was a state-wide command established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the whole central part of new south wales. It was based in sydney and mainly took care of the air defense, reconnaissance and protection of sea passages. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was formed in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was based in sydney and mainly handled air defense, reconnaissance and protection of sea passages in its jurisdiction. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was located in sydney and was responsible for air defense, reconnaissance and protection of the sea-coast. The proposals in 1943-44 for the creation of a new central command did not occur. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) was a state-wide command created by the Royal Australian Air Force in World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was situated in sydney and was responsible for air defense, aerial reconnaissance and protection of the sea-coast. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) was a state-wide command established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The RAAF was a state-wide command created by the Royal Australian Air Force in World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was based in sydney and was responsible for air defense, reconnaissance and protection of the sea-borders. The proposal in 1943-44 to form a new central command was not acted upon. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. One statewide command of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF), created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I, was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 for a new central command was not implemented. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was established by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 to create a new central command did not succeed. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAF) was a state-wide command created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 to form a new central command was not approved. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 for a new central command did not take place. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force in World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. In World War I the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) was a state-wide command established by the Royal Australian Air Force. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force in World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 for a new central command did not take place. The RAAF, as a state-wide command, was created by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War I. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. It was established in march 1940 and occupied the central part of new south wales. The proposal in 1943-44 did not pass. “The secretariat was formed in Sydney, to be responsible for the training divisions of the central zone. They were disbanded. The regional command of the Raaf, having had its formation in 1942, was revised, following the outbreak of the pacific war. The northern zone was divided into the north, into the east, into the south, and into the eastern zone, making five regions. “The secretariat was established in Sydney to be responsible for the training divisions of the central zone. The command of the Raaf was set up in 1942 and was later amended, following the outbreak of the Pacific War. The central zone was divided into the north, into the east, into the south and into the east, making five regions. The pacific war started. In october 1943, the Air Board proposed forming a new central command from the eastern area, which at that time was considered too large to be managed by one central headquarters, and therefore was ripe for subdivision. The war cabinet delayed the decision. They were disbanded. The regional command of the Raaf was established in 1942 and later was amended, after the outbreak of the Pacific War. The north was divided into the north, the east, the south and the east, and made five regions. The command of the Raaf, which had been established in 1942, was revised after the pacific war. The northern zone was divided into the north, the east, the south and the east, and formed five regions. In August 1944 the plan was conceived again and this time the central command was to oversee maintenance and training units in southern queensland. The war cabinet delayed the proposal. The secretariat was established in Sydney to administer the training divisions of the central zone. In august 1944 the idea of establishing a central command was again raised and this time it was based on the control of maintenance and training in southern queensland.