 gregorian tower (literally: torre gregoriana) or tower of the winds (literally: torre dei venti) is a square tower, standing above the gallery of maps, which connects the villa belvedere with the apostolic palace of vatican city. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the bolognese architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope gregory xiii and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower is called the “scenario astronomica vaticana” (literally: Tower of the Winds). The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly in order to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It has been in use since its foundation. Four phases of progressive development have been observed since its inception. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the bolognese architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the apostolic palace), mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the 1582 of Pope Gregory XII. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the apostolic palace) mainly in order to promote the astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII, and commissioned by him in 1582. It is called the astronomical palace of the vatican (literally, the tower of the winds). The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The first stage of building the tower, as noted by Leo Xiii in his motu proprio ut mysticam, is recorded by Pope gregory xiii, Pope from 1572 to 1585. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the apostolic palace), mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope gregory xiii and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower is called the Astronomical Palace of the Vega. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the Astronomy Palace) mainly in order to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII, commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It is called the Astronomical Palace of the vatican (literally: the Tower of the Winds). The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote the astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower is called Astronomy Palace of the Vega. The tower is called Astronomy Palace of the Vega. It is called Astronomy Palace of the Vega. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the apostolic palace) mainly in order to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with constructing the The tower is called the Astronomy Palace of the Vedas. The tower is called the Astronomy Palace of the Vedas. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XII and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the Astronomy Palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. The tower was built between 1578 and 1580 by the architect ottaviano mascherino (who was credited with building the apostolic palace) mainly to promote astronomy in the light of the new year 1582, commissioned by Pope Gregory XI and commissioned by him in 1582. It was built between 1578 and 1580 ... and with plans to increase the equipment in the Observatory. The first observatory was erected above the second floor of the tower, with the agreement of Pope Pius V., and now the design was put to work for a new telescope on the top of the tower. The equipment of the telescope, apart from a few normal devices (such as meteorological and magnetic, with a seismograph, and a clock, with a transitory and pendulum) was observed for the telescope. The first observatory was built above the second floor of the tower, and now it was settled that a new telescope should be built on the top of the tower. The first observatory was erected above the second floor of the tower with the agreement of Pope Pius V. and the design was adapted for a new observatory on the top of the tower. In addition, under the patronage of Pope Pius X, four rotary observatories were also built at strategic locations on the walls of more than a thousand years old... and with plans to enhance the equipment of the observatory. The equipment of the observatory, apart from a few common devices (such as meteorological and magnetic, with a seismograph, and a clock with a transitory and pendulum) was observed for the observatory. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower with the agreement of Pope Pius V., and now the design was made for a new observatory on the third story. The first observatory was built on the third story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third story. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third story. The first observatory was built on the third story of the tower, and it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third story. The first observatory was erected above the second story of the tower, with Pope Pius V.’s consent, and the design was adopted for a new observatory on the third story. The observatory, apart from a few normal devices (metal, magnetic, with a seismograph and a clock with a transitory and pendulum), was observed for the observatory. The Observatory, apart from a few ordinary devices (metal, magnetic, with a seismograph, and a clock with a transitory and pendulum) was observed for the observatory. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower with Pope Pius V.'s approval, and the design was put to work for a new observatory on the third story. The first observatory was built on the second floor of the tower, with Pope Pius V.'s approval, and now the design was adopted for a new observatory on the third story. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, with Pope Pius V.'s consent, and now the design was adopted for a new observatory on the third floor. The observatory, apart from a few normal devices (metal, magnetic, with a seismograph and a clock with a transitory and a pendulum), was observed for the observatory. The observatory, apart from a few common devices (metal, magnetic, with a seismograph and a clock with a transitory and a pendulum) was observed for the observatory. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. Moreover, under the patronage of Pope Pius X, four rotary observatories were built in strategic locations in the walls of more than a thousand years old... and with plans to increase the equipment of the observatory. The first observatory was built on the second floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower with Pope Pius V.'s approval, and now the design is submitted for a new observatory on the third story. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower, with Pope Pius V.'s consent, and now the design is submitted for a new observatory on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower, with Pope Pius V.'s consent, and now the design is submitted for a new observatory on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third story. The first observatory was built on the third story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third story. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. Besides, under the patronage of Pope Pius V., four observatories were also built in strategic locations in the walls of more than a thousand years... and with plans to increase the equipment of the observatory. The observatory, apart from a few normal devices (metal, magnetic, with a seismograph and a clock with a transitory and a pendulum) was observed for the observatory. The first observatory was built on the second story of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third story, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. It was not until 1889 that Father Denza joined the Observatory, after it had been upgraded with more modern instruments. The first Observatory was built on the second floor of the tower, with Pope Pius V.'s consent, that a new Observatory was erected on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower with Pope Pius V.'s consent, and now the design was accepted for a new Observatory on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first Observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new Observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the second floor of the tower, with Pope Pius V.’s consent, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built on the third floor of the tower, and now it was decided that a new observatory should be built on the third floor. The first observatory was built "Agustinian father rodriguez was the expert in meteorology who held the office of director from 1898 to 1905. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii affirmed the design of the second tower to serve as the seat of the new vatican observatory, an establishment which demanded a change of roof to make it possible to build a terrace for astronomical observations. " " And in 1891, Pope Leo Xiii wrote a decree to make the second tower the seat of the new vatican observatory, which demanded a change of roof in order to allow for the astronomical observation. The fourth stage was a solution of the communication issue of the former edifices. In the west end of this bridge a four-and-four-inch square equatorial was built on a semicircular bastion. It was a French meteorologist. In 1891 Pope Leo Xiii authorized the design of the second tower to be used as the seat of the new vatican observatory, a facility which required a change of roof in order to have an astronomical observatory. In the fourth stage was the resolution of the communication problems of the old structures. In the west end of this bridge a square equatorial is built on a semicircular plank. In the east end of this bridge, above the barracks of the gendarmes, there is a heliograph with a camera attached to it, used to photograph the sun (photoheliograph)... and a new 16-inch visual telescope, called torre pio x, was erected in the second tower.... As a result of these modifications, the original library is transferred to the Pontifical Academy lincei, and the old meteorological and seismic instruments are moved to the valle di pompei. ... Then in 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the construction of the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to be able to build an observatory. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the construction of the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which had to have a change of roof in order to allow astronomical observation. The first stage was to realize the communication problems of the old structures. In the west end of the bridge a four-inch square equatorial is built on a semicircular plank. At the east end of this bridge there is a heliograph with a camera attached to it, used to photograph the sun (photoheliograph)... and a new 16-inch image telescope, called torre pio x, was erected in the second tower... In the fourth stage was the resolution of the communication of the old structures. In the east end of this bridge, above the barracks of the gendarmes, there is a heliograph with a camera attached to it, which is used to photograph the sun (photoheliograph)... and a new 16-inch pico x-ray telescope was built in the second tower... It was a French meteorologist. In 1891 Pope Leo Xiii reaffirmed the design of the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to be able to build an observatory. The second tower was constructed on a semicircular plank. The east end of this bridge had a heliograph with a camera attached to it, which was used to photograph the sun (heliograph), and a new 16-inch photo telescope, named torre pio x, erected in the second tower... Then in 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the construction of the second tower as the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof in order to build an observatory. The first stage was to realize the communication problems of the old buildings. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii authorized the design of the second tower as the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to be able to have an observatory. The fourth stage was to solve the communication problems of the old buildings. The west end of this bridge was built on a semicircular plank. At the east end of this bridge there was a heliograph with a camera attached, used to photograph the sun (heliograph), and a new 16-inch visual telescope, called torre pio x, was erected in the second tower... It was a French meteorologist, named Augustine. It was a French meteorologist. The First Stage was to set up communication between the old buildings. In 1891 Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second Tower to be the Seat of the new Gazette, which needed a change of roof to allow astronomical observation. The second Tower was constructed on a semicircular raft. The east end of this Bridge was constructed on a semicircular raft. Its east end had a heliograph with a camera attached, which was used to photograph the sun (heliograph), and a new 16-inch visual telescope, called torre pio x, was built in the second Tower... In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii declared that the second Tower should be used as the seat of the new vatican Observatory, requiring a change of roof to permit the observation of astronomy. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii declared that the second Tower should be used as the seat of the new vatican Observatory, which required a change of roof to enable an observation of astronomy. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii declared that the second Tower should be used as the seat of the new vatican Observatory, which required a change of roof to allow for the observation of astronomy. The second tower was constructed on a semicircular plank. At the east end of this bridge there is a heliograph with a camera attached, used to photograph the sun (heliograph), and a new 16-inch visual telescope, called torre pio x, was erected in the second tower. The third stage was the transformation of the old buildings. In 1891 Pope Leo Xiii affirmed the design of the second tower as the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof in order to build an observatory. The fourth stage was to solve the communication problem of the old buildings. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii wrote a decree to designate the second tower as the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to get the observatory. The old library is transferred to the Pontifical Academy lincei, and the old seismic instruments are transferred to the valle di pompei. The French meteorologist. "Agustinian father Rodriguez was a meteorologist who worked in the meteorological department from 1898 to 1905. Then, in 1891, Pope Leo Xiii told us that the second tower should be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which requires a change of roof to see the astronomy. The second tower was built on a semicircular slab. The west end of this bridge was built on a semicircular slab. The east end of this bridge had a heliograph with a camera attached, used to photograph the sun, and a new 16-inch optical telescope, called torre piox, was built in the second tower. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to be able to watch the sun. The fourth stage was the re-equipment of the old structures. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to watch the astronomy. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which required a change of roof to allow for the observation of the astronomy. The first stage was to establish communication between the old buildings. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which needed a change of roof in order to have an observatory. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new vatican observatory, which needed a change of roof to allow the observation of astronomy. The second tower was constructed on a semicircular raft. The east end of this bridge had a heliograph with a camera attached, which was used to photograph the sun (heliograph), and a new 16-inch optical telescope, called torre pio x, was built in the second tower. The third stage was the transformation of the old buildings. In 1891, Pope Leo Xiii ordered the second tower to be the seat of the new ... “The sundial was a straight line of white marble stretched across the floor in a north-south direction, intended to determine the height of the sun at noon, according to the seasons. The observations made with the sundial proved decisive as to the need to reform the Gregorian calendar... The sundial, on the other hand, was a long-span line of white marble stretched across the floor in a north-south direction, intended to measure the height of the sun at noon, according to the seasons. The observations of the sundial proved decisive as to the need for reforming the Gregorian calendar. The anemoscope, on the other hand, was a complex apparatus attached to the ceiling, which was used to measure the wind and wind speed, but soon stopped working. The walls and ceiling of the hall were in a remarkably elaborate and richly decorated way, with some examples of fine frescoes of hills and Roman countryside, the Pantheons, the religious themes, the buildings of the vicinity, and ships with jesus calming the storm, and so on.