 “The seventh episode of the glee series appeared on the fox network on october 7, 2009. ” “The seventh episode of the Glee Club came out on the Fox Network on the seventh of October 2009. “It’s my life, ” by bon jovi, and the confessions, part ii, by usher, and “Changes!” by beyonce knowles, and “Walking on Sunshine” by Katrina and the Waves...”, p. 7 “In the episode, Glee Club President Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) pits the male and female members of the club against each other in a contest of mash-up. In the episode, Glee Club director will schuester (Matthew morrison) pits the male and female members of the club against each other for a mash-up... will ’s wife, terri, (Josef Gilsig) takes the post of school nurse to stop him getting closer to the school counsellor Emma pillsbury (Jyma Mays), but is fired by the students after giving the students a performance enhancing a pseudoephedrine... The seventh episode of the glee club was released on the Fox on October 7, 2009. " In the episode, Glee Club president Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) pits the members of the club against each other in a mash-up. " The song "You're the one who will show me the way," by bon jovi, with her confessions, part i, by usher, and "Changes!" by Beyonce Knowles, and Katrina and the Waves" by Katrina and the Waves... " Vitamin D" was seen by 740,000 of us, and received a very positive review from the critics... " The seventh episode of the glee club appeared on the fox network on October 7, 2009." - p. 7 The seventh episode of the glee club appeared on the fox network on October 7, 2009. The Glee Club President Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) pits the male and female members of the glee club against each other for a mash-up. ‘It’s my life,’ by bon jovi, and her confessions, part ii, by usher, and ‘Changes’ by Beyonce Knowles, and ‘Walking on Sunshine’ by Katrina and the Waves’. ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ The ‘7th episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ ‘It’s my life,’ by bon jovi, and the confessions, part ii, by usher, and ‘Changes’ by Beyonce Knowles, and ‘Walking on Sunshine’ by Katrina and the Waves...’7 ‘The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ The ‘7th episode of gypsy landed on the Fox on October 7, 2009.’ The ‘7th episode of gypsy’ was received with a great deal of praise by aly semigran of mtv and mandi bierly of the entertainment journal...’ however, aly semigran of mtv and mandi bierly of entertainment magazine noted critically that the comic gypsy gang were getting too complacent ahead of the upcoming sectionals. “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. “It’s my life,” by bon jovi, and the confessions, part ii, by usher, and the “Changes” by Beyonce Knowles, and Katrina and the Waves”—”The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The seventh episode of gypsy was released on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. ” The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. The comedian coach sue sylvester (jane lynch) observes that the head cheerleader quinn fabray’s (dianna agron) performance standards are slipping, and when quinn blames her fatigue for her glee club participation, he returns to the club and resolves to destroy the club, for the purpose of shambling the will of the future. “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. “The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009.” – “The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The comedian coach sue sylvester (janelynch) notices that the head cheerleader quinn fabray (diana agron) has fallen out of his stride and he returns to the club, and decides to destroy the club for shambling the will of the future. The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy appeared on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. The episode of gypsy landed on the fox on October 7, 2009. The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009. “It is my life,” by bon jovi, and the confessions, part ii, by usher, and “Changes” by Beyonce Knowles and Katrina and the Waves.” “The seventh episode of gypsy landed on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” “The seventh episode of gypsy came out on the fox on October 7, 2009.” The comedian coach sue sylvester (janelynch) noticed that the head cheerleader, quinn fabray (davida agron) are losing his glee, and when he blames her for her gypsy deficiency, terri is still concealing the fact that she had experienced a hysterical pregnancy by her will, and when she realized how her life is impacted by her pregnancy, quinn proposes to terri to let her adopt her baby. The effects of the tablets increase their performance, and they give a energetic mash up of “it’s my life” and “true confessions”. finn and rachel berry (lea michele) feel guilty for their swindling, but agree to give up the competition. When kurt hummel (chris colfer) tells the girls the secret behind the boys’ performance, they, too, want to get the tablets from terri, and a spirited mash up of “halo” and “walking on sunshine”. finn and rachel berry (lea michele) feel guilty and agree to nullify the competition. The effects of the pills increase their intensity and give them an energetic mash-up of ‘tis my life,’ and ‘tis my truth’. Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty of their swindling, but they agree to nix the competition. When the principal figgins (Iqbal Theba) learns what has happened, he fires terri, and – with rage – appoints sue as co-director of the club. When the principal figgins (iqbal Theba) learns of this, he fires terri, and, remonstrated with will, appoints sue as co-director of the club. The main characters in this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijon talton) and mike chang (harry shum jr) and matt rutherford (dijon talton), former glee club chairman sandy ryerson (stephen tobolowsky), principal figgins (theba), football coach kentanaka (Gagher), terri’s co-co-co-co-worker howard bamboo (kent avenido), and local news anchors rod remington (boris a). The main characters in this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton), mike chang (harry shum jr), and matt rutherford (dijontalton), former glee club chairman sandy ryerson (Stephen Tobolowsky), football coach kentanaka (Gagher), and local news anchors rod remington (boris a) and andrea carmichael (earlene davis). Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty, but they agree to give up the competition. Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty of their deceit, but they agree to give up the competition. The effects of the pills increase their performance, and they give them an energetic mash-up of "tis my life" and "truth." Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty of their swindling, but they agree to not compete. The main characters of this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton), mike chang (harry shum jr), and matt rutherford (dijontalton), former glee club president sandy ryerson (Stephen tobolowsky), principal figgins (theba), football coach kentanaka (Gagher), and local news anchors rod remington (boris avenido), and local news anchors rod remington (boris a) and andrea carmichael (earlene davis). The main characters in this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton), mike chang (harry shum jr), and matt rutherford (dijontalton), former chairman of the glee club sandy They released the track "it is my life / confessions", number seven in ireland, 14 in australia, 25 in canada, and 30 in america, while halo / walk in the sun" is ranked number five in ireland, number nine in uk, number 10 in australia, number 28 in canada and 40 in america. Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty of their swindling, but they agree to cease competing. The main characters of this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton) and mike chang (harry shum jr) and matt rutherford (dijontalton), former glee club chairman sandy ryerson (Stephen tobolowsky), principal figgins (theba), football coach kentanaka (Gagher), local news casters rod remington boris a and andrea carmichael (early davis). Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) are guilty of their swindling, but they agree to stop competing. The main characters in this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton), mike chang (harry shum jr) and matt rutherford (dijontalton), former glee club chairman sandy ryerson (Stephen tobolowsky), principal figgins (theba), football coach kentanaka (Gagher), and local news anchors in remington (boris a) and andrea carmichael (early davis). Finn and rachel berry (lea michele) guilty, but they agree to drop the competition. The main characters of this episode are the members of the glee club santana lopez (naya rivera), brittany pierce (dijontalton), mike chang (har ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘Is the same manic as being too manic?’ "Is the same manic as being too manic?" she asked. " What would rachel be like in the high side?" she asked. " What would she sound like?" ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘Is the same manic as being too manic?’ ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘ What would she be like in the high side?’ ‘Is the same manic as being too manic?’ ‘ What would she sound like?’ ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would she sound like?’ ‘Is the same manic as being too manic?’ ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘Is the same manic as being too manic?’ ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘What would Rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would she sound like?’ ‘What would Rachel sound like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ she asked. ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ "What would rachel be like on the high side?" she asked. "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ ‘What would rachel be like on the high side?’ "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" "What would rachel be like on the high side?" mike hale for the New York Times praised mays’s performance, noting: “Jayma Mays told Emma’s devastation with the slightest widening of those gigantic eyes... there’s a tenderness and a longing in them that i’m always surprised....” , there is a tenderness and a longing in them.... " he cited that: "For many people the best moments of the episode took place very early and involved jane lynch's suit sylvester, who had all the best lines. " - mike hale for the New York Times praised mays's performance, saying: "Jayma Mays was telling Emma's gloom with the slightest opening of those huge eyes... there's a tenderness and a longing that is always surprised me." - he noted that "all the best non-name singing in the episode were hers... " This is a tenderness and a longing in them.''mike hale for the New York Times praised Mays' performance, saying: 'Jayma Mays was telling Emma's mournful gloom with the slightest widening of those enormous eyes... there is a tenderness and a longing that surprises me...' he said that "all the best non-named singers in the episode were hers...' he noted that the best non-named singing in the episode was hers...'he said that "all the best non-name singing in the episode were hers...' he said that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers...' he pointed out that the episode was "filled with more brilliant moments than ever before," and that the scene was "a din of so many single lines, which threw the clever out of everything, from 9 o'clock to 9 o'clock. " Jarett wieselman of the New York Post agreed with this assessment, saying that though the episode was "filled with more brilliant moments than ever before," the standout scene was "Acrobat hats and sluts," which she termed "heaps and sluts," "in a world of nothin' but a puff in the neck of the character who never knows how to make a joke, the high-strung of the offender's hand... and from thou shalt do them"; he went on to note that all the best non-name singing was in the episode.......... .... But he added that the scene was "full of brilliant moments," and that the whole scene was a din of single lines that threw everything into a mess from nine o'clock to nine o'clock. ".... Jarett wieselman of the New York Post agreed with this assessment, saying that although the episode was "full of brilliant moments," the standout scene was "Acrobat hats and sluts," which she called "heaps and sluts," "in a world of nothin' but a puff of the character who never knows how to make a joke, the grip of his hand... and he would do them... " he said that all the best non-named singers in the episode were hers... he said that all the best non-named singers in the episode were hers... he said that all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers... he added that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers... " he added that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers... " he added that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers... he noted that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers..." he went on to say that "all the best non-named singing in the episode were hers... "