 fern-hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an american attorney in the u.s. state of oregon, and a private secretary to the governor of oregon... “frankhobbs” (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the u.s. state of oregon and private secretary to the governor of oregon.... The event was called a strategic coup by the governor of oregon, and cemented his status as a man of law. Fern-hobbs made international news when the governor of oregon sent her to implement martial law in the small eastern oregon town of copperfield. , fern-hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon... ‘Friedhobbs’ (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the governor of Oregon... Fern-hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and private secretary to the governor of Oregon... Fern-hobbs made international news when the governor of Oregon sent her to implement martial law in the small eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and the Oregon magazine... Fern-hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... ‘Fried-hobbs’ (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to act in martial law in the small eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to act in martial law in the little eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Her family moved to Salt Lake City, Utah when she was six years old, and lived there for 12 years after high school. After a while, her father became unable to pay his bills, and she landed in hillsboro where she put her younger brother and sister through school and studied stenography and worked for a living. Fern-hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and the Oregon magazine... The name of the place was ‘Nobley House’, which was in turn referred to as ‘Napoleon Street’. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary to the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take martial law in the small eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take martial law in the small eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Her family moved to Salt Lake City, Utah when she was six years old, and lived there for twelve years. After a while her father had difficulty paying his bills and she left town to attend a local school, where she educated her younger brother and sister, studied stenography and worked as a businesswoman. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take martial law in the small eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe and the Oregon magazine... — Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 - May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon. Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs (May 8, 1883 – May 10, 1964) was an American lawyer in the United State of Oregon and a private secretary in the Governor of Oregon... Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. The family moved to Salt Lake City, Utah when she was six years old, and lived there for twelve years. After a while, her father had difficulty in paying his bills, and she left the city to go to a local school, where she educated her younger brother and sister, and taught them to stenography and to work in the company. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copperfield. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the Governor of Oregon sent her to take the form of a court in the eastern oregon town of Copper Then he ejaculated his opponents, and, later, he was appointed a member of the court of state in the district of Berlin. This ejaculated his opponents. Then he appointed his assistant, and the same year, two years later, he brought them to him. He was a friendly and cheerful fellow. He was also very popular in Europe and in the Oregon Magazine. He was later an editor at the American Red Cross. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. The family moved to Salt Lake City, Utah, when she was six years old, and lived there for twelve years. She left the city to attend a local school, where she educated her younger brother and sister, taught them the stenography and worked in the city. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent her to take a court in the district of Berlin. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. Then Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent her to take a court in the district of Berlin. The district was called Nobley house and was called Napoleon Street. Fern-Hobs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. The district was called Berlin House, and was called Berlin. Fern-Hobbs made international news when the governor of the state sent him to take a court in the district of Berlin. “Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. “West ordered military hobbs to take up martial law in copper-field on the second of January, 1914, and to send in six men, including the state clerk b. k. ” “Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. The region, on the snake river in baker county, had grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. About fifteen [twenty] – [thirty] hundred jobs had come out of the railroad project of e.. ” “The West ordered military hobbs to set up martial law in copper-field on the second of January, 1914, and to send in six persons, including state clerk B. K.”—“Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. The area, on the snake river, in baker county, had been growing up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. Almost fifteen — thirty — hundred jobs had come out of the railroad construction of e... or of the power plant... ‘The West has ordered the military to take martial law in copper-field on the second of January, 1914, and has sent six persons, including a Lieutenant B.’ – ‘Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. The area, on the snake-river in baker county, has grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There are a hundred-thirty-six hundred jobs therein from the railroad of e... or from the power plant...’ – ‘Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. The governor has passed a prohibition on local police; some of the inhabitants have appealed to the state government for assistance... but in copper-field they are not in a hurry.’ The county of Breckenridge has grown up around a railroad tunnel and a power plant; almost fifteen— thirty—cities were derived from the railroad of e... or from the power plant...’ ‘Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon.’ ‘Death and martial law in copper-field, oregon. The governor has established a ban on the police, some of the residents have asked for state aid... but in Copper-field, they’re not in a hurry. The region on the snake-river in baker-county was growing up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There were about fifteen — thirty-five hundred workers from the railroad of e... ” ‘The west has ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper-field on the second of January, 1914, and sent six persons, including the state clerk B. K. ’ ‘The death and the martial law in copper-field, oregon. The governor was not satisfied, and so he sent hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The region on the snake river in baker County was growing up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There were a hundred-thirty-six hundred workers from the railway of e... or e... " The west ordered military hobbs to take up martial law in copper field on the second of January 1914, and he sent six people, including a captain B. " The death and martial law in copper field, oregon. The governor was not satisfied and sent the hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The west ordered military hobbs to take up martial law in copper field on the second of January 1914, and he sent six people, including a captain B., death and martial law in copper field. The region of Baker county, on the river, was growing up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; about fifteen - thirty - hundred jobs came out of the railway of e... - - Death and martial law in copper field. The state has a ban on the police, some residents have appealed to the state for assistance... but in Copperfield, they are not in a hurry. - Death and martial law in copper field. The west ordered military hulks to set up martial law in copper field on the second of January, 1914, and sent six men, including B. K. - - - Death and martial law in copper field. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There are a hundred-thirty-six hundred jobs in the railway of e... The west ordered the military hulks to set up martial law in copperfield on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including a captain B. Death and martial law in copperfield. The region of baker county, on the river, has grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There are about fifteen - thirty-five hundred workers from the railroad of e. " The region of baker county, on the river, has grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; a hundred-thirty-six hundred workers were in the railroad of e. ” The governor is not satisfied, and so he sends hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper field on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper field. The state has a ban on the police, some of the inhabitants have appealed to the state for help... but in copper field they are not in a hurry. The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper field on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper field. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around a railroad tunnel and a power plant; about fifteen-thirty-five hundred jobs came from the railroad of e... ” - Death and martial law in copper field. - While hobbs was in the east, both the governor and the governor were coy about the presence of the police, and suggested that they were acting alone. The governor was not satisfied, and so he sent hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper. Death and martial law in copper on the second of January 1914. The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, the north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and to send six men, including B. K. Death and martial law in copper on the east. The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K. Death and martial law in copper on the west. The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and he sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper on the east. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around a railroad tunnel and a power plant, about fifteen - thirty - hundred people were in the railroad of e. " The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper on the east. The governor was not satisfied and sent hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The west ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper on the east. The region of Baker County, on the river, was forming around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; there were a hundred-thirty-five hundred workers from the railroad of e... “Death and martial law in copper fields, oregon. The region of baker county, on the river, was growing up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant. There were about fifteen – thirty – fifty people from the railway of e. ” The north ordered hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The west ordered hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The west ordered hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The hulks in the east, with a suspicion of the presence of the police, were convinced that they were acting alone. The governor was not satisfied, and so he sent hulks to the city to arrest the corrupt mayors. The hulks in the east, with a suspicion of the police, urged that they would not do anything, and the west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and he sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper fields. The state of Breckenridge has grown around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; there are about fifteen-thirty-five hundred workers from the railroad of e. " The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and he sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper fields. The north ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper fields. The north ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., death and martial law in copper fields. The district of baker county, on the river, was formed around the construction of The area of baker county, on the river, was forming around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; about fifteen—thirty-five hundred workers were derived from the railway of e. ” The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant, about fifteen-thirty-five hundred workers came from the railroad of e. ” The west ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around the construction of a railroad tunnel and a power plant; there are about fifteen-thirty-five hundred workers from the railroad of e. ” The north ordered military hulks to take up martial law in copper on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The state of Breckenridge has grown up around a railroad tunnel and a power plant; about fifteen-thirty-five hundred workers were from the railroad of e. ” The governor was not satisfied and sent the hulks to the city to arrest the crooks. The hulks in the east, convinced that the police were alone, and the west ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and sent six men, including B. K., to death and martial law in copper fields. The north ordered the hulks to take up martial law in copper fields on the second of January 1914, and “I had a... train from that day... She stopped at the county seat in baker to have the officials formally removed from the court before a judge and then returned to the state capital in Salem. 'I had a... train from that day...' he went on, 'I had a... train from that day... the citizens didn't openly resist the hobbs or the militiamen, although almost all were armed and ready to give up their resistance to non-violent resistance. “I had a... train from that day...” he went on, “I had a... train from that day... the citizens didn’t even attempt to resist the hobbs or the militiamen, even though they were all armed and ready to yield to non-violent resistance. The governor west also sought a temporary appointment, and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the State. Eventually the governor was defended in court, and the hobbs and the west were convicted. The governor's actions were subsequently questioned in court, with Hobbs and the west among the defendants. The governor east took a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as Special Counsel for the State. She stopped at the baker county court to have the officials formally withdrawn from the court and then went back to Salem to the town of Salem. “I had a... train from that day...” he continued. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hobbs or the militiamen, although they were all armed and ready to yield to non-violent resistance. At the end of that day the governor was defended in court, and the hobbs and the west were convicted. “I had a... train from that day...” he continued, “I had a... train from that day... the citizens did not even try to resist the hobbs or the militiamen, even though they were all armed and ready to give up their resistance. The governor’s actions were questioned in court, and the Hobbs and the West were convicted. She stopped at the baker county court to have the officials formally withdrawn from the court and then went back to Salem to the town of Salem. "I had a... train from that day... " he went on, "I had a... train from that day... the people did not try to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost everyone armed themselves and were ready to give up the resistance. "I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost all were armed and ready to give up the resistance. " The governor west also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. At last the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor's actions were questioned in court, and Hobbs and the west were convicted. She visited the Union County town of Cove in the month of February 1914 to report on the conditions of the hotel. "I had a... train from that day..." he went on, "I had a... train from that day... the people did not try to resist the hucksters or the militiamen, although they were all armed and ready to give up their resistance. The governor west took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor east also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. She stopped at the court in baker to have the officials formally withdrawn from the court and then went back to Salem to the town of Salem. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not even try to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although they were all armed and ready to give up their resistance. She visited the town of Cove in the month of February 1914 to report on the conditions of the hotel. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, though almost all were armed and ready to give up their resistance. The governor’s actions were later questioned in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. “I had a... train from that day...” he went on, “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost everyone was armed and ready to give up their resistance. Eventually the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. She then went to portland and practiced law... he continued, “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although they were all armed and ready to give in to non-violent resistance. The governor east also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; the governor finally was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. She visited the Union County town of Cove in the month of February 1914 to report on the conditions of the hotel. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not try to resist the hucksters and the militiamen, although almost everyone armed and ready to surrender to non-violent resistance. She went to Portland and practiced law. In 1917, when the United States entered the war, she made a long association with the red cross... The governor defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. Finally, the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west also took a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost all were armed and ready to give way to resistance. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost everyone was armed and ready to give way. The hucksters and the west were convicted at last. The governor west also sought a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. At last the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. In 1917, the united States entered World War I, and fern Hobbs began to get involved in this association. The governor’s actions were questioned in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. In 1917, when the United States entered war, Fern Hobbs took a long interest in the red cross. She went to Portland and practiced law... She went to the Cove town of Cove in the month of February 1914, reporting on the conditions of the hotel. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not try to resist the hucksters and the militiamen, although almost everyone was armed and ready to give way to non-violent resistance. At last the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west took a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. The governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west took a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; finally the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west took a temporary post and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. The governor’s actions were questioned in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. She visited the city of Cove in the month of February 1914 to report on the conditions of the hotel. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not attempt to resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although they were all armed and ready to surrender. The governor east also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor east took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; at last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; at last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. She went to Portland and practiced law... She went to Portland and practiced law. In 1917, the United States entered the war, and Fern Hobbs began to take an interest in the red cross. The governor defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. In the first place, the governor defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor, east, also sought a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; at last the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor, west, took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; finally the governor was defended in court, and the hucksters and the west were convicted. She went to Portland and practiced law. She had a train from that day... the people did not resist the hucksters and the hucksters, although almost everyone armed and ready to give way to the resistance. The governor, east, took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; finally the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. The governor west also took a temporary appointment and appointed Hobbs as special counsel for the state; finally the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. At last the governor was defended in court and the hucksters and the west were convicted. In 1917, the United States entered the war, and Fern Hobbs was keen on the red cross... In the month of February, she reported on the condition of the hotel. “I had a... train from that day... the people did not even attempt to resist the hucksters and the militiamen, although they were all armed and ready to fern hobbs died on april 10, 1964, at the age of 80, and was buried at the hillsboro pioneer cemetery, in hillsboro, oregon. The journalist stewart holbrook interviewed her a few years later, a few years after she had retired, and said that she was “tiny-tiny still.” The journalist stewart holbrook interviewed her a few years later, when she had retired, and said that she was “still tiny.” The journalist stewart holbrook was shocked when he heard her speak, a few years after her retirement, and said that she was still a little bit tiny. Fern hobbs died on the 10th of April 1964, at the age of 80, and was buried at the hillsboro pioneer cemetery in hillsboro, OR. The journalist stewart holbrook consulted her a few years after she retired and said she was "still very small." The journalist stewart holbrook, in the following years after she had retired, said she was "still very small. " Fern Hobbs died on the 10th of April 1964, at the age of 80, and was buried at the hillside pioneer cemetery in hillside, oregon. Fern Hobbs died on the 10th of April 1964, at the age of 80, and was buried at the hillside pioneer cemetery in hillside, oregon. sent> holbrook in the interview said that the subject of copper was dear to her, and concluded his account of her as follows: