 The Roman Land Forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the military armies of romania, the main component of the romanian armies. In the past several years, a great deal of professionalization and a great deal of technological revolution have altered the nature of the force. ... and they participated in World War I, in collaboration with the russian empire, in combat against the Central Powers, and, despite initial losses, took the decisive battles of Marasti and Martasesti. The Roman Land Forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the military armies of Romania, the main armies of romania. Over the past several years, a great deal of research and improvement in the military nature of the force have altered the nature of the force. And during the most part of World War I (31 July 1944 – 23 August 1944) romanian forces supported the axis powers and opposed the Soviet Union on the eastern front. From August 1944 to the end of the war, romanian forces were in combat with the central powers. They took part in the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasesti. Over the past several years a great deal of research and improvement in the military nature of the force have changed the nature of the force. Roman land forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the main armies of Romania. They participated in World War I, with the Russian Empire, in the war with the Central Powers, and, despite initial losses, won the decisive battles of Marasti and Martasesti. The Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the main armies of Romania. Roman forces, the army of the Russian empire, participated in World War I, with the Russian Empire, against the Central Powers, and, despite the initial losses, won the decisive battles of Marasti and Martasti. Over the last few years, a great deal of study and improvement in the military nature of the force have changed the nature of the force. In the course of World War I, from July 14 to August 23, roman forces supported the axis powers and fought against the Soviet Union on the eastern front. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman forces participated in the combat with the Central Powers, and, despite the initial defeats, took the decisive battles of Marasti and Martasti. In the course of the Roman revolution, several units were disbanded and equipment laid waste. In the last several years, a great deal of scientific and technological revolution had changed the nature of the force. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the main armies of Romania. During the most part of World War I (31 July 1944 – 23 August 1944) roman forces supported the axis powers and opposed the Soviet Union on the eastern front. In the course of the World War I, the Romans supported the axis powers and opposed the Soviet Union on the eastern front. The Romans had a strong military force, but there was no fuel or training. ‘The Roman soldiers’ (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the great armies of Romania. Roman soldiers’ (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the great armies of Romania. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman troops fought against the Central Powers and, despite their initial defeat, lost the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. The Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the great armies of Romania. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the main armies of Romania. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the largest armies of Romania. Roman forces, the army of the Russian Empire, participated in World War I with the Russian Empire, and, despite the initial defeats, won the decisive battles of Marasti and Martasti. In the course of World War I, in the American war with Russia, Roman forces participated in the battle with the Central Powers, and, despite the initial defeats, fought the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. In the past few years, a great deal of research and improvement in the military nature of the force have changed the nature of the force. In the course of World War I, from July 14 to August 23, roman forces supported the axis powers and opposed the Soviet Union on the eastern front. In the course of World War I, from July 14 to August 23, roman forces supported the axis powers and fought against the Soviet Union on the eastern front. The Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the main armies of Romania. The Romans supported the axis powers and opposed the Soviet Union on the eastern front. During the first war with Russia, the Romans participated in the war with the Central Powers, and, despite the initial defeats, won the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. Romans (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the greatest armies of Romania. The Romans (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the largest armies of Romania. Romans (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the greatest armies of Romania. The Roman army (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the greatest armies of Romania. Roman soldiers (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the armies of Romania. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman soldiers took part in the fight with the central powers and, despite initial losses, won the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. In the course of World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman troops took part in the battle with the central powers, and, despite initial losses, triumphed at the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. Roman troops (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the largest armies of Romania. Roman troops (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the largest armies of Romania. Roman troops (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the main armies of Romania. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman soldiers participated in the battles with the Central Powers and, despite initial defeats, lost the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. At the end of the Roman Empire, Roman forces participated in the quarrelling with the central powers and, despite their initial defeat, won the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. In the midst of the Roman revolution, a few units were disbanded and their equipment laid waste. In the course of the Roman Empire, Roman forces participated in the war with the Russian Empire against the central powers and, despite their initial defeat, won the decisive battles of Martasti and Martasti. Roman troops (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the main armies of Romania. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the largest armies of Romania. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the great armies of Romania. Roman forces (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the great armies of Romania. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman troops took part in the battle with the central powers and, despite their initial defeat, won the decisive battle of Martasti and Martasti. In World War I, during the American war with Russia, Roman troops participated in the battle with the central powers and, despite their initial defeats, won the decisive battle of Martasti and Martasti. In the last few years, a great deal of study and improvement in the military nature of the force has changed the nature of the force. In the first war with Russia, the Romans participated in the war with the central powers and, despite initial defeats, won Martasti and Martasti. In the second war, the Romans participated in the war with the central powers and, despite initial defeats, lost the decisive battle of Martasti and Martasti. In the second war with Russia, the Romans participated in the battle with the central powers and, despite initial defeats, defeated Martasti and Martasti. The Romans (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies of Romania, the greatest armies of Romania. Roman soldiers (Romanian: fortele terestre romane) are the armies At moldavia’s urging, the romanian army merged with the Russian army, and led by King Carol i, they participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. At moldavia's urging, the Roman army joined with the Russian army and was led by King Carol - the roman army participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but suffered about 27, 000 casualties. The second Balkan war - the romanian army entered the second balkan war against bulgaria, which allowed the romanian government to annex southern Dobruja... As moldavia urged, the Roman army joined the Russian army and, under the guidance of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. At moldavia's orders, the Roman army joined the Russian army and, led by King Carol, participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but there were about 275,000 casualties. The second Balkan War - The roman army entered the second balkan war against bulgaria, which allowed the roman government to annex southern Dobruja... This was because of historical disputes about the country... " " At moldavia's advice, the Roman army joined the Russian army, led by King Carol, and participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. As moldavia urged, the Roman army joined the Russian army and, under the direction of King Carol, participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but about 275,000 casualties were lost. The second Balkan War - The Roman army entered the second Balkan War, which allowed the Roman government to annex southern Dobruja... On the sixth of July 1916, the romanian army declared war on germany and austria - - hungary, following the success of the brusilov offensive, a major russian offensive against the armies of the central powers, on the eastern front. On this occasion, as the historians argued, the romanians joined the Russian army, and under the authority of King Carol, they participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. However, on the 6th of July, the german army, under the command of general erich von falkenhayn, halted the attack and retreated from the Romanians. When moldavia had warned, the Roman army allied itself with the Russian army, and under the command of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. At moldavia’s command, the Roman army joined the Russian army and was under the command of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but they suffered 275,000 casualties. On the sixth of July 1916, the Roman army declared war on Germany and austria, hungary, after the success of the brusilov offensive, which had taken place on the eastern front. As the historians argued, the Romans joined the Russian army, and under the leadership of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. At moldavia’s advice, the Roman army joined the Russian army and under King Carol’s leadership, participated in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but suffered about 275,000 casualties. The Romans won the war, but about 275,000 casualties were lost. On the sixth of July 1916, the roman army declared war on germany and austria—hungary, as the brusilovs had defeated the armies of the central powers, on the eastern front. The central powers pushed deep into Romania and conquered the south (incl. Bucharest) by the end of 1916. The sixth of July 1916 was the sixth of July when the Roman army declared war on Germany and austria, hungary, because the brusilovs had won the eastern armies. On the sixth of July 1916 the Roman army declared war on Germany and austria, hungary, because the brusilovs had defeated the armies of the central powers on the eastern front, and the central powers had pushed deep into Romania and seized the south (incl. Bucharest). The Roman army, at moldavia's order, joined the Russian army and under the command of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and various battles. The Romans won the war, but about 275,000 casualties were lost. At moldavia's order, the Roman army joined the Russian army and under King Carol's command participated in the siege of Plutarch and several battles. At moldavia's advice, the Roman army joined the Russian army and under the command of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several battles. On the sixth of July 1916, the Roman army declared war on Germany and austria, hungary, following the success of the brusilov offensive, a major Russian offensive against the armies of the central powers, on the eastern front. On this occasion, as the historians argued, the Romans joined the Russian army, under the authority of King Carol, took part in the siege of Plutarch and several other battles. The Romans won the war, but about 275,000 casualties were lost. In July 1917, prezan, assisted by the future marshal, general ion antonescu, successfully defended the remaining unoccupied territories against german and austro-hungarian forces, led by field marshal august von mackensen. In July 1917, however, prezan, with the assistance of the future marshal, general ion antonescu, successfully defended the remaining unoccupied territories against the german and austro-hungarian forces led by general alexandru averescu, succeeded in winning the victory of the battle of marasti (july 22 to August 1 ) and the battle of marasesti (August 6 to September 8 ). He entered the war on the 10th of November 1918, a day before the end of the war in the west. Later, in 1919, Germany, in the Treaty of Verailles, article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, decided to renounce the benefits reposed to it by the Treaty of Bérubare in 1918. He entered the war on November 10, 1918, just before the end of the war in the west. Then, in 1919, Germany decided in the Treaty of Verailles, in the Article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, to give up the benefits reaped by the Treaty of Bérubare. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. And then, in 1919, Germany decided in the Treaty of Verailles, in the article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, to withdraw from it the benefits repaid by the Treaty of Bérubare. On November 10, 1918, the hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western, by order of 1 April 1921, the army under the command of the western military authority was the generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthur vaitoianu et al. From 1921 to 1939 in Transylvania inspectorate general of army, no. 3, had subordinated the 6th and 7th army corps. From 1921 to 1939 the tr. – chief of army, No. 3, had subordinated the 6th and 7th army to the 6th and 7th army. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of the 1 April 1921, the army was commanded by the Western military authority, and was commanded by generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthur vaitoianu. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. Afterwards, in 1919, Germany, in the Treaty of Verailles, in Article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, decided to withdraw the benefits that it had received from the Treaty of Bérubare. On November 10, 1918, the hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. During the year from 1921 to 1939, the director of the no. 3 tr., a major army was formed, and he was commanded by General Nicopolis Petal, danila pop hanzu alexander, john prodan, motas dumitru gheorghe florescu and christie doe, a high-level military leader, whom octavia Goga wrote that, “In the interwar period, in the eastern part of the country, commanders have threw themselves in big operas, and unanimous praise.” At the end of the war in the west, on November 10, 1918, the hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. During the year from 1921 to 1939, the Director of the Third Troop of the Third Troop, Nicopolis Petal, danila pop hanzu alexander, john prodan, motas dumitru gheorghe florescu, and Christian Doe, a top military leader, wrote: “The interwar period has been spent in the eastern part of the country, with large and unanimous praise.” The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. From 1921 to 1939, the Troop of the Third Troop had subordinated the 6th and 7th Troop to the 6th and 7th Troop. In 1919, Germany, in the Treaty of Verailles, in Article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, resolved to give up the benefits reaped by the Treaty of Bérubare. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the western military authority and commanded by the generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthur vaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was commanded by the Western military authority and was under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthur vaitoianu. During the year from 1921 to 1939, the director of the Third Troop, Colonel Petal, danila pop hanzu alexander, john prodan, motas dumitru gheorghe florescu and christie doe, a highly distinguished military leader, whose name was octavia Goga, he wrote: “In the interwar period, in the During the year from 1921 to 1939, the Director of the Third Troop, Nicopolis Petal, danila pop hanzu alexander, john prodan, motas dumitrugheorghe florescu, and Christian Doe, a military leader, wrote: “In the era of war, in the era of peace, the army of the eastern part of the country has been made famous by great plays and controversies.” In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of the 1 April 1921, the army was commanded by the Western Military Command, and consisted of the generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthur vaitoianu. The hungarians conquered the hungarians and conquered Budapest. In 1919, Germany, in the Treaty of Verailles, in article 259 of the Treaty of Bérubare, declared to abandon the benefits reaped by the Treaty of Bérubare. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France He entered the war on the 10th of November 1918, the day before the end of the war in the west. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of the 1st of April, the army was commanded by the Western Military Command, and was commanded by the generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthurvaitoianu. During the year from 1921 to 1939, the director of the Third Troop, Colonel Petal, danila pop hanzu alexander, john prodan, motas dumitru gheorghe florescu, and Christian Doe, a highly respected military commander, wrote: "The time in the world of war, in the world of peace, the army of the eastern part of the country is celebrated with great speeches and praise. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, mardarescu george, nicholas, and arthurvaitoianu. In 1921, when he disbanded the army in western France, by order of 1 April 1921, the army was under the command of the Western military authority, under the command of generals prezan constantin, constantin christescu traian mosoiu, It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. The 4th army coop consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the eastern front. The 2nd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, two fortress brigades, and the 4th army. The 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. Moreover, the 1st armoured division was created for the eastern front. The romanian armies saw their first major battles at odessa and sevastopol, and in 1942 advanced with other axis armies into the Soviet territory, during Operation Blue. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the eastern front. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army coop. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army coop, and the 4th army coop. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army, the 4th army. The red army entered eastern romania in late august 1944. The king michael ii of romania deposed marshal antonescu, and instituted a pro-Soviet government. Moreover, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. In late august 1944 the red army entered eastern romania. The red army entered eastern romania in late August 1944. The king Michael I, the king of romania, deposed marshal antonescu, and instituted a republican government. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army, and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. Moreover, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. In late august 1944, the red army entered eastern romania. In the middle of the cold war, the red army was appointed governor of the russian army. The red army soon attacked Germany and led the first and fourth armies. It consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps (two fortress brigades), and the 4th army. Besides, the 4th army was formed for the east. The red army entered eastern romania in late August 1944. In the middle of the cold war, the red army was appointed as governor of the russian army. The red army quickly attacked Germany and led the first and fourth armies. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was formed for the east. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army, the 5th army, the 11th army, and the 4th army. Besides, the 1st armoured division was created for the east. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps, and the 4th army. The 4th army consisted of the 3rd army corps, the 5th army corps, the 11th army corps, and the 4th army. The red army entered eastern romania in late august 1944. The former was the tudor vladimirovski’s first volunteer division, under the command of Colonel nicolae cambrea, and the other the Horia, Clasca Si Crisan division, under the command of general mihail lascar (who later served as minister of defense from 1947 to 1947)... this two units formed the foundation of the new romanian defense forces, under the control of the Soviets. The former was the second volunteer division of the tudor vladimirovsky under the command of Colonel Nicolae Cambrea, and the second the Horia, Clasca Si Crisan Division under the command of general mihail lascar (who later served as minister of defense from 1947 to 1947).... the postwar reorganisation of the forces concerned with cavalry, but the arm disappeared after the disbandment of the 59th cavalry division at Oradea in July 1954.... The former was the first volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel nicolae cambrea, and the other was the Horia, Clasca Si Crisan division, under the command of general mihail lascar (who later served as minister of defense from 1947 to 1947).... The first was the first volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel nicolae cambrea, and the second the Horia, Clasca Si Crisan Division under the command of General Michael Lascar (who later served as Minister of Defence from 1947 to 1947). The former was the first volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel nicolae cambrea, and the other, the Horia, Clasca Si Crisan Division under the command of general Michael Lascar (who served as Minister of Defense from 1947 to 1947). These two units formed the foundation of the new romanian defenses, under the control of the Soviets. In the early 1950s, the brigade reached twelve rifles, one mechanized, and one tank division... between 1960 and 1964, the rifle and mechanized divisions were merged into motorized divisions, and losses in strength began. Between 1970 and 80 were dropped to six motorized divisions and two tank divisions.... the postwar restructuring of the cavalry forces, but the arm disappeared after the disbandment of the 59th brigade at Oradea in July 1954. The first was the volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel Nicolae Cambrea, and the second the horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, thoria, thoria, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, thoria, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, thorsia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, thorin hory, hory, horia, nadae, horia, horia, thorin h The first was the volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel Nicolae Cambrea, and the second the horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, hori a major depression in the military organization, but the reorganisation was lost when the 59th brigade was disbanded in July 1954. The first was the volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovski, under Colonel Nicolae Cambrea, and the second was the horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, h ... The first was the volunteer division of the Tudor Vladimirovsky, under Colonel Nicolae Cambrea, and the second was the horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia, horia The troops in 1989 consisted of eight mechanised infantry divisions (eight bucharest, two craiova, nine th, constanta, 10 th, iasi, 11 th, oradea, 18 th, timisoara, 67 th, and 81 th, tirgu mures) and two tank divisions (the 57th tank division at Bucharest and the sixth tank division at tirgu mures) and four airborne brigades. According to the “ History of modern Roman artillery,” in 1989, the 1st army consisted of the 1st mech div, the 57th tank div. In 1989, the 1st army consisted of the 1st mech div, the 57th tank div. At the end of 1989 the enemy numbered only seventy-eight, the two craiova, the eightth, the constanta, the 9th, the iasi, the 10th, oradea, 18th, timisoara, 67th and 81 th, tirgu mures. According to the ‘History of modern Roman artillery’ in 1989, the first army consisted of the first mech, the 57th tank. There were also two tank divisions, the 57th tank division at Bucharest, and the sixth tank division at tirgu mures, and four airborne brigades. The first army consisted of the first mech, the 57th tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 10 th constanta, 11 th oradea, 18 th timisoara, 67 th and 81 th tirgu mures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division at Bucharest, the sixth tank division at tirgu mures), four brigades. The 1st army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st mountain brigade, the 1st mountain brigade, the 5th mountain brigade, and the 37th tactical missile brigade. In 1989 the 1st army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th timisoara, 67 th and 81 th tirgu mures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division at Bucharest, the sixth tank division at tirgu mures) and four brigades. In the late 1980s, the artillery, the samurai, and the air defense divisions, provided specialized fire support, which enabled motorized rifle and tank regiments to maneuver. In the first army, the first mech, the 57th tank division, had eight mech divisions, eight rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th timisoara, 67 th and 81 th tirgumures. According to the History of modern Roman artillery, in 1989, the first army consisted of the first mech division, the 57th tank division. Two tank divisions, the 57th tank division, Bucharest, and the sixth tank division, were four brigades. In 1989 the 1st army consisted of the 1st mech, the 1st tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th timisoara, 67 th and 81 th tirgu mures). The 1st army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st mountain division, the 5th mountain division, and the 37th tactical missile division. The first army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. The first army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. The first army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th tirgu mures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division, Bucharest, and the sixth tank division, tirgu mures), four brigades. The 1st army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. In 1989, the 1st army consisted of the 1st mech division, the 1st tank division. The first army consisted of the first mech, the first tank division. In 1989 the first army consisted of the first tank division, the first tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nineth constanta, tenth constanta, 11th constanta, 18th timisoara, 67th and 81th tirgumures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division, Bucharest, and the sixth tank division, tirgumures), four brigades. In 1989 the first army consisted of the first tank division, the first tank division. In the late 1980s, the artillery, the samurai, the air defense, specialized fire support for motorized rifles and tanks. In 1989, the first army consisted of the first tank division, the first tank division. The first army consisted of the first tank division, the first tank division. The first army consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th tirgu mures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division, Bucharest, and the sixth tank division, tirgu mures), four brigades. In 1989 the first army consisted of the first mech division, the first tank division. It consisted of eight mech divisions, eight rounders (bucharest, two rounders, nine th constanta, ten th constanta, 11 th constanta, 18 th tirgu mures), two tank divisions (the 57th tank division, Bucharest, and the sixth tank division, tirgu mures) and four tanks. In 1989, the first army consisted of the first mech division, the first tank division. According to the "History of modern Roman artillery", in 1989, the first army consisted of the first mech division, the 57th tank division. ” romanian officials in 1988 said that the country had made chemical agents, which could be carried out by missiles on the battlefield. ” It was said that in the middle of the 1990s the situation in the army was very critical: the military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million, the weapons were old, compared with thirty years, and only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service, unfortunately, the government took a decisive step: the military budget was augmented, and modernisation was commenced. It was said that in the middle of the 1990s the situation in the military was very critical. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. Unfortunately the government took a drastic step: the military budget was increased and modernization began. The newly formed brigades in 2005 were formed of eight combat units, four combat teams, and two logistics brigades, and the army could be strengthened further in case of emergencies. He said that the situation in the army was in the middle of the 1990s in very serious trouble. The military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. Unfortunately, the government took a drastic step, the military budget was increased and modernization began. There were now about 75,, 000 soldiers and 15,, 000 civilians in the armed forces, for a total of 90,, 000 men and women. The newly formed brigades in 2005 were formed of eight combat units, four combat teams, and two logistics brigades, and the army could be strengthened in case of emergencies. The government officials said that in the middle of the 1990s the situation in the army was very critical. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. Unfortunately, the government took a decisive step: the military budget was increased, modernization began. The newly formed brigades in 2005 were formed of eight combat teams, four combat teams, and two logistics brigades, which were to be strengthened in case of emergencies. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. I asked in 1989: “The problem of the army in the midst of the 1990s was very serious. The military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million, the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. Then the government took a major step: the military budget was increased, and modernization began. Unfortunately, the government took a major step: the military budget was increased, and modernization began. The military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. It was said that in the middle of the 1990s the military was in very serious trouble. The military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. The military budget was three times lower than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. The officials said that the situation in the army in the middle of the 1990s was very serious. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. The army officials said that the situation in the army was very serious in the middle of the 1990s; the military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 85 % of the missiles were in service. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 80 % of the missiles were in service. The government officials said that in the middle of the 1990s the military was very critical; the military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 80 % of the missiles were in service. The military budget was three times less than in 1989, 636 million; the weapons were old, compared with thirty years; only 60 % of the armoured vehicles and 80 % of the missiles were in service. Unfortunately, the government took a decisive step: the military budget was increased, and modernization began. The romania army is composed of a 2nd infantry division, and a 4th infantry division, respectively. The main combat formations of romania are the 2nd infantry division, Getica, and the 4th infantry division, Gemina... The main formations of romania are the 2nd infantry division, Getica, and the 4th infantry division, Gemina. The romanian army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. Until 2008, the 1st and 4th divisions were called the territorial army and the 4th army, and from 2000, it was called the 1st army and 4th army. After June 2008, the 1st and 4th divisions were called the 1st army and the 4th army. However, the personnel of the divisions were reduced considerably to fit into the nato, and they were renamed and reorganized as divisions. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. Until 2008 the 1st and 4th divisions were called the territory and the 4th army, and since 2000 they were called the 1st and 4th divisions. However, the personnel of the divisions was reduced considerably to fit into the Nato, and they were renamed and reorganized into divisions. The current head of the roman army is major general nicolae ciuca, who had succeeded Major General mircea savu on 7 January 2014. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The 1st and 4th divisions were called the territory and the 4th army, and since 2000 the 2nd and 4th divisions had been called the 1st and 4th divisions. However, the divisions were reduced significantly to fit the Nato, and they were renamed and restructured into divisions. The roman army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The main battle formations of romania are the 2nd infantry division, Getica, and the 4th infantry division, Gemina... The roman army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army consists of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The 1st and 4th divisions were called the territory and the 4th army, and from 2000 the 2nd and 4th divisions were called the 1st and 4th divisions. However, the divisions were greatly reduced to conform to the Nato, and they were renamed and restructured as divisions. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army comprises a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. In romania the army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is composed of a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The Roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The roman army is a 2nd infantry division and a 4th infantry division. The most famous and well trained unit is the 1st special operations battalion, vulturii, legalized in late 2005, The Special Forces Battalion had received various training abroad, including the special forces - green berets course, the United States Marine Corps - Recon courses and other courses. The members of the Special Forces battalion took courses abroad, such as the green berets course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The Special Forces Battalion has also had various training abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Ruffian course, and other courses. The members of the Special Forces Battalion have also taken various courses abroad, including the Green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Ruffian course, and other courses. The three modern Roman reconnaissance battalions (the 313th, the 317th, and the 528th) are also special forces units, formed in the 1960s under the communist regime. However, the equipment has been completely refurbished in the last few years, and the skills of the military have regained all strength... The Special Forces Battalion has also been instructed abroad, such as the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The Special Forces Battalion also had various courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. It is a special force within the military, composed of highly skilled people, a large number of whom are champions in the martial arts, kickboxing, athletics, and so on. The Special Forces Battalion also took courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The three modern Roman reconnaissance battalions (the 313th, the 317th, and the 528th) are also special forces units, formed in the 1960s, under the communist regime. However, the equipment has been completely refurbished during the last few years, and the military’s capabilities have come back to life... The members of the Special Forces Battalion also took courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The special force has also taken courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The Special Forces Battalion has also taken courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The Special Forces Battalion has also taken courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course and other courses. In the 1950s, the army was closed, and many firing ranges and training sites were abandoned, due to the lack of funds. After the romanian revolution, many firing ranges and training areas were closed, and not funded. The three modern Roman reconnaissance battalions (the 313th, the 317th, and the 528th) were also special forces units, formed in the 1960s, under the communist regime. The Special Forces Battalion also took courses abroad, such as the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps recurrence course, and others. There are also 3 military high schools ( Campulung Moldovenesc, alba iulia and breaza), one military academy (sibiu), one officers’ academy (pitesti), three training schools (sibiu, pitesti, buzau), and nine battalions. The Special Forces Battalion also took courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps re-con course, and other courses. The special forces battalion also took courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps re-con course and other courses. The special forces battalion also took courses abroad, including the green beret course, the United States Marine Corps re-con course and other courses. The three modern Roman reconnaissance battalions (313th, 317th, and 528th) are also special forces units, formed in the 1960s, under the communist regime. In the 1950s, the army closed down many firing ranges and training stations and fell in debt, and after the Roman Revolution, many firing ranges and training sites were abandoned and did not receive funds. In the last few years, the equipment was completely refurbished, and the military’s capabilities returned to life... The special force also took courses abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Ruffian course, and other courses. The special force also took courses abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Ruffian course, and other courses. The special force also took courses abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. The special force also took courses abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course, and other courses. In the past few years, lots of military training took place in romania, with other Balkan or allied countries. The Special Forces Battalion also took courses abroad, including the green turban course, the United States Marine Corps Recon course and others. The three modern Roman reconnaissance battalions (313th, 317th, and 528th) are also special forces units, formed in the 1960s under the communist regime. it was announced on december 6, 2006 that one —, 500 u. s. ”——---, to the very utmost modern and training ranges in Europe, with a total surface of 270 square kilometres. it was announced on the sixth of November 2006 that a troop of 300,000 cavalry will be sent to Babadag, in time to form a joint task force, using Babadag as a training camp. The ranks and insignia of the romanian army are divided into four categories: officers, warrant officers, militarie (miatrix militarie), nco’s (semi-military), and enlisted men (sellati si gradati voluntari).... One can only give a marshal a rank in war; in fact, romania had only three marshals in its history: ion antonescu, alexandru averescu, and constantin prezan. he announced on the 6th of November that a troop of 300,000 cavalry would be sent to Babadag in time to organize a joint task force, using Babadag as a training-camp..... it was announced on the 6th of November that a squad of 300,000 cavalry will be sent to Babadag to form a joint task force, using Babadag as a training-camp. The ranks and emblems of the roman army are divided into four categories: officers, warrant officers, militarie (miatrix militarie), ncos (semi-military), enlisted people (sellati si gradati voluntari). King caroli held simultaneous positions as russian marshal and as German field marshal... king caroli also held the rank of marshal of romania...