 the crab with the golden claws (queer, French: le crabe aux pinces d’or) is the ninth volume of tintin’s adventures, a comics series, by the Belgian cartoonist herge. About half way through the serialisation of the story, le soir jeunesse was cancelled and the story began to be serialised every day in the pages of le soir. But about half way through the serialization of the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story was recorded every day in the pages of le soir. The story revolves around the young reporter tintin and his dog snowy, who are traveling to Morocco to pursue a group of international opium smugglers. The crab with the golden claws (queer, French: le crabe aux pinces d'or) is the ninth volume of tintin's adventures, a comic series by the Belgian cartoonist herge. The story is about the young belgian journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to pursue a group of international opium smugglers. The story is about the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the international smugglers. The book is the first tintin book published in the United States, and the first to be published in a motion picture. About half-way through the story, le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story began to be published every day in the pages of le soir. But about half-way through the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story was recorded every day in the pages of le soir. The crab with the golden claws (dialect, French: le crabe aux pinces d'or) is the ninth volume of tintin's adventures, a comics series by the Belgian cartoonist herge. The book is the first tintin adventure published in the United States and the first to be adapted into a motion picture. The crab with the golden claws introduces the recurring character captain haddock, who was an important character in the series. The story revolves around the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the smugglers. The crab with the golden claws (detais, French: le crabe aux pinces d'or) is the ninth volume of tintin's adventures, a comic series, by the Belgian cartoonist herge. The book is the first tintin novel published in the United States and the first to be translated into a motion picture. The crab with the golden claws (dialect, French: le crabe aux pinces d'or) is the ninth volume of tintin's adventures, a comic series by the Belgian cartoonist herge. About half way through the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story was published every day in the page of Le soir. But about half way through the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story was recorded every day in the page of le soir.. The story is about the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the international smugglers. The book is the first tintin book published in the United States, and the first to be adapted into a movie. The story revolves around the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the smugglers. The story revolves around the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the smugglers. The crab with the golden claws (dialect, French: le crabe aux pinces d’or) is the ninth volume of tintin’s adventures, a comic book, by the Belgian cartoonist herge. About half way through the story, le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story began to be published every day in le soir. But about half way through the story, le soir jeunesse was cancelled, and the story was recorded every day in le soir. The crab with the golden claws (dialect, French: le crabe aux pinces d’or) is the ninth volume of tintin’s adventures, a comic book, by the Belgian cartoonist herge. The story is about the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the smugglers. The book is the first tintin novel published in the United States and the first to be adapted into a motion picture. The story is about the young journalist tintin and his dog snowy, who are going to Morocco to find out about the smugglers. The crab with the golden claws (dialect, French: le crabe aux pinces d'or) is the ninth volume of tintin's adventures, a comical series, by the Belgian cartoonist herge. About half-way through the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled and the story was published every day in Le soir. But about half-way through the story, Le soir jeunesse was cancelled and the story was recorded every day in Le soir. he is able to hide in a sailor's locker under the bed and squash jumbo. tintin has got back into the cabin, while allan thinks tintin has slipped out of the porthole and is going to the storeroom. he blows open the ship's sash, and finds it empty, and goes back to the captain's room, where he finds jumbo tied to a chair and gagged. allan thought he had slipped out of the porthole and went to the storeroom. Tinyn had smashed his way into the cabin, while allan thought he had smashed the window and went into the storeroom. Having made his way through the desert and nearly dying of dehydration, tintyn and haddock were rescued and taken to a French post in the South of France, where they heard a storm have drowned the Karaboudjan. He blew open the sash of the ship, which was empty, and went back to the captain's room, where he found jumbo tied to a chair and gagged. tintyn and the captain hijacked the plane, tie up the pilots and make for spain. In the desert and almost dying of dehydration, tintin and the captain rescued and took them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard a storm have drowned the Karaboudjan. Tinyn and the captain hijacked the plane, threw the pilots and made for spain. He opened the sash of the ship, which was empty, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found jumbo tied to a chair and gagged. Tinyn had gone back into the cabin, while allan thought he had smashed the window and went into the storeroom. Tinyn and the captain stole the aircraft, tied the pilots and escorted the pilots to spain. They went to a morocco port, and there they were attacked by the Tuareg tribe, who held up their rifles with the French mastoured sabres. They arrived at the port, and at the port some of his old crew, armed with their disguised Karboudjan, kidnap the captain, who guessed his disguised karboudjan. He blew open the sash of the ship, found it empty, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found it tied to a chair and gagged. In the desert and almost dying of dehydration, Tinyn and the captain rescued them and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard that a storm had drowned the Karaboudjan. Tinyn and the captain stole the plane, tied the pilots, and led the pilots to spain. He blew open the sash of the ship, which was empty, and went back to the captain's room, where he found jumbo tied to a chair and gagged. Tinyn got back into the cabin, while allan thought he had broken the window and went into the storage room. Tinyn went to the storage room, while allan thought he had blown out of the porthole and went to the storage room. Tinyn and the captain hijacked the aircraft, tied the pilots and went to spain. They went to a morocco port, and there they were attacked by the Tuaregs, who were carrying the French swords with their French swords, and the captain, who guessed the swords of the underworld, came up with the ship, smashed it, and returned to the storage room, where he found it tied to a chair and gagged. Tinyn smashed into the locker, and allan thought he had smashed the window and went to the storage room. Tinyn, the captain, threw the plane, threw the pilots, and went to spain. After they had walked through the desert and almost died of thirst, Tinyn and the captain rescued and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where a storm drowned the Karaboudjan. He opened the sash of the ship, found it empty, and went back to the captain's room, where he found it tied to a chair. After taking a rest, Tinyn found a necklace of a crab with golden claws on the back of the repressed owner of the wine-tavern, omar Bén salaad, who realized that he is a leader of the drug cartel. I got into the boat and got away, but tintin got away. Then I had a look at the sailor's locker under the bed, and he caught a crab with golden claws on the back of the disgraced owner of the wine-shop, Omar Bén salaad, who understood that he was the leader of the drug-gang. Ivan smashed into the locker, and allan thought he had broken the window and gone into the storage room. Tinyn, the captain, stole the plane, threw the pilots and threw the pilots. Tinyn, the captain, stole the plane, threw the pilots and threw the pilots. In the desert, and almost dying of thirst, Tinyn and the captain rescued them and brought them to a French post in the south of France, where a storm drowned the Karaboudjan. He blew open the sash of the ship, found it empty, and went back to the captain's room, where he found it tied to a chair and gagged. Tinyn rushed back into the cabin, while allan thought he blew the window and went to the storage room. In the desert and almost dying of thirst, Tinyn and the captain rescued them and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard a storm had drowned the Karaboudjan. They went to a morocco port, and there the Tuaregs, carrying French swords with their French swords, attacked the captain, who guessed the swords of the underworld, smashed the ship, smashed it, and went back to the captain's room, where he found it tied to a chair. Tinyn smashed into the cabin, and allan thought he broke the window and went to the storeroom. The captain stole the plane, tied pilots, and went to spain. Tinyn and the captain robbed the pilots, and took them to spain. Tinyn and the captain robbed the plane, tied pilots, and went to spain. The government arrested the gang and freed the japanese man, who introduced himself as bunji kuraki, a They went to a morocco port, where they were attacked by Tuaregs, carrying French swords with theirs. The captain, having guessed the swords of the underworld, found the ship, smashed it, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found it tied to a chair. Tinyn had gone back to the cabin, while allan thought he had broken the window and gone into the storage room. Tinyn had gone back into the cabin, while allan thought he had broken the window and gone into the storage room. The captain stole the plane, tied pilots and led pilots to spain. Tinyn and the captain stole the plane, threw pilots, and spade. Then he smashed the ship’s sash, which was empty, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found it tied to a chair. After leaving the ship, Tinyn and the captain rescued and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard a storm had drowned the Karabo. In the desert and almost dying of thirst, Tinyn and the captain rescued them and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard that a storm had drowned the Karabo. Tinyn and the captain stole the plane, tied the pilots and made the pilots spade. In the desert, almost dying of thirst, Tinyn and the captain rescued them and brought them to a French post in the South of France, where they heard that the Karabo was drowned. Tinyn rushed into the cabin, while allan thought he broke the window and went into the storage room. Tinyn rushed back into the cabin, while allan thought he broke the window and went into the storage room. He blew open the sash of the ship, found it empty, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found it tied to a chair. Then he pulled the ship’s sash, found it empty, and went back to the captain’s room, where he found it tied to a chair. , the German army laid siege to belgium. On the 27th of May, the Belgian king leopold iii officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the population. Herge agreed. Herge and his wife left for france with tens of thousands of belgians, first staying in paris, then heading south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. This came on May 27, the Belgian king Leopold iii surrendered to the German army, in order to prevent the slaughter of the populace. On the 27th of May, the Belgian king leopold officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the population. Herge and his wife left for france with tens of thousands of belgians, first in paris, then south to puy de d’un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. Herge found that an officer of the german army propaganda bureau occupied his house, and he was in financial troubles as he owed back taxes, and had no funds to replenish his treasury (the money from the caster came eventually), and all belgian newspapers were under the control of the german army. On the 27th of May, the Belgian king Leopold II surrendered the country to the German army to prevent the further slaughter of the population. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the population. Herge found that a minister of the propaganda bureau of the German army occupied his house, and he was in financial difficulties, because he owed taxes, and he had no money to replenish his treasury (the money from the caster came eventually), and all the belgian newspapers were under the command of the german army. The land of black gold, which herge had been publishing there, had to be abandoned. victor matthys, the scandal-ridden editor of the catholic publication le vingteme siecle, offered herge employment as a cartoonist, but herge saw le vingteme as an explicitly political publication, and therefore he declined. The 27th of May the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the population. On the 27th of May the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the population. On the 27th the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the populace. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in paris, then south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. he found that an officer of the propaganda office of the German army lived in his house, and he was in financial difficulty, because he owed taxes and had no money to replenish his treasury (the money from the caster comes later), and all belgian newspapers were under the control of the german army. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II surrendered to the German army, in order to prevent the further slaughter of the population., the German army had already sent for a siege of belgium. Herge arranged this with her. The 28th of May, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th of May, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th of May, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered to the German army, in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. This came on the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the population. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. The first issue of the "Sunday,you have it!" was published, with a large announcement: "Total tintin et milou sont revenus!" ("Total tintin and snowy are back!" On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army in order to prevent the further slaughter of the people. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the people. The first issue of the Sunday, you can see it, was published with a large announcement: "Total tintin et milou sont revenus!" (Total tintin and snowy are back) - the German army had already sent for a siege of belgium. Herge and his wife departed for france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered the country to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the people. On the 27th, the Belgian king Leopold II officially surrendered to the German army, to prevent the further slaughter of the people. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then in south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. Herge and his wife went to france with tens of thousands of belgium, first in Paris, then south to puy de d'un dome, where they stayed for six weeks. The first issue of "Today, you are here!" published, with a large announcement: "Total tintin et milou sont revenus!" (The total tintin and snowy are back!), and that the German army ordered The term ‘announced’ here has been used to indoctrinate children in the naive and naive, and that as a result “they’ll no longer talk about God, about the family of Christ, about the catholic ideal...’ “The word “announced” has been used in schoolchildren to indoctrinate children in the primitive and the absurd, and that, in consequence, “they will no longer talk about God, about the family of Christ, about the catholic ideal...”...[9] How can you agree to be associated in this terrible act, a real sin against spirit?... Herge, however, was particularly enticed by the size of le soir’s audience, which reached up to 600, and far greater than what le vingtieme siecle could do. – Having seized upon the buzz of the young audience, a one-hundred-and-twenty-six-year-old legaret began serializing in Le soir jeunesse on 17 October 1940. How can you think of agreeing to take part in that dreadful abyss, a true sin against the soul? – ‘The word ‘announced’ has been used in the schoolroom to inculcate children in the naive and naive, and, consequently, ‘they will no longer speak of God, of Christ, of the catholic ideal’... – without needing to satirize political types, harry thompson observed that ‘herge was now concentrating more on plot and developing a new style of adolescent comedy.’ – ‘The word ‘announced’ has been used in the schoolroom to inculcate children in the primitive and the absurd, and that, therefore, ‘they will no longer speak of God, of Christ, of the catholic ideal’... However, on 8 May 1941, the paper shortage that had been caused by the ongoing war led to the le soir jumping to four pages, and the length of the weekly tintin was cut by two - threes - threes. As a result, herge had to change the pace of his narrative, as he had to keep the reader's attention at the end of every line. The word 'announced' was used in the schoolroom to 'inculcate' children in the naive and the naive, and consequently 'they will not speak of God, of Christ, of the catholic ideal'... How do you think of taking part in this terrible action, a real sin against the soul?' " Having seized the interest of the young audience, a legaret of one hundred and twenty-six years began serializing in Le soir jeunesse on October 17, 1940. But the paper shortage in may 1941, caused by the ongoing war, caused the le soir to be reduced to four pages, the length of the weekly tintin strip to be reduced by two-thirds... well, this compelled herge to modify the pace of his narrative, as he had to keep the reader's attention at the end of each line... " The word announcer has been used in the schoolroom to inculcate children in the shallow and the absurd, and consequently "they will not talk about God, about Christ, about the catholic ideal"... but some weeks later, on 3 september, the supplement disappeared completely, the crab with the golden claws were moved into the tavern itself, and turned into a daily strip... How could you possibly consent to participate in this dreadful act, a true sin against the soul?” “The word ‘announced’ was used in the schoolroom to inculcate children in the primitive and the absurd, and consequently ‘they will not talk about God, about Christ, about the catholic ideal’... However, the paper shortage in May 1941, caused by the war, reduced the la journée to four pages, and the length of the tavern strip by two-thirds. In consequence, Herge had to change the pace of his narrative, because he had to keep the reader’s attention at the end of each line. How can one consider taking part in this dreadful abyss, a real sin against the soul?” This gala, however, caught the young audience’s attention, and a hundred and twenty-six-year-old mare began serializing in Le soir jeunesse on October 17, 1940. However, the paper shortage in May 1941, caused by the continuing war, made the mare go to four pages, and the weekly tintin by two-thirds. That compelled herge to alter the pace of his narrative, as he had to keep the reader’s attention at the end of every line. The novelty of the mare made it possible for herge to draw the audience to a legaret of one hundred and twenty-six years, and a footnote to the poem was added on the fourth page of the eighth page. Then, after a few weeks, on 3 September, the powder disappeared completely, the crab with golden claws were moved into the restaurant and transformed into a daily strip... In addition, the film had been published in france in the catholic newspaper Curs vaillants, from 21 june 1942. Shege, however, was particularly captivated by the swell of the young audience and had begun to write about a legnote of one hundred and twenty-six years. Shege, however, was particularly enticed by the size of the audience, which was up to 600, and far more important than the novel that le soir possessed. " The word "announced" was used in school to inculcate children in the shallow and absurd, and therefore "they will not talk about God, Christ, or catholic ideal"... How could one agree to take part in this terrible act, a real sin against the soul?" The novelty of the mare made it possible for herge to draw the young audience to a legaret of one hundred and twenty-six years, and a footnote to the poem was added on the fourth page of the eighth page. However, the paper shortage of May 1941, caused by the ongoing war, made the legaret four pages, and the strip for the tavern by two-thirds... in this way, Herge had to change the pace of his story, because he had to keep the reader's attention at the end of every line. In addition, the film had been published in france in the catholic newspaper Curs vaillants, from 21 june 1942. - "The word announcer was used in the school to educate children in the shallow and absurd, and therefore "they will not talk about God, about Christ, about the catholic ideal"... How could you agree to participate in this terrible abyss, a real sin against the soul?" Shege, however, was particularly enchanted by the young audience, and began to write about a legaret of one hundred and twenty-six years. But, on 8 May 1941, the paper shortage due to the war, reduced the fête to four pages, the weekly tintin to two thirds... this made herge change the pace of his story, as he had to keep the reader's attention at the end of every line. The interest of the young audience, however, caught the young audience, and a legaret of one hundred and twenty-six years began to serialize in Le soir jeunesse on 17 October 1940. The series introduced the character of Captain Haddock. The serial had its first appearance in le soir, right next to an advert for the anti-war film — jud suß — She chose the name Haddock after the fact that his wife, Geraine Remi, had said at dinner, 'a sad english fish,' that she had named haddock. The debut of the serial appeared in le soir, near an advertisement for the antiwar film Ju-suß - jud suß -. The use of morocco in the setting was probably influenced by the white squadron by the french writer joseph peyre, which herge had read and seen in 1936. The inclusion of the japanese police-sergeant bunji kuraki as an ally of tintin's was probably in order to counter the more villainous tone of herge's earlier story, the Blue Lotus, when the occupier was allied with japan at that time. The introduction of the story appeared in the weeks before, near an advertisement for the antiwar film jud-suß-suß. The premiere of the story appeared in the weeks before, right next to an advertisement for the antiwar film jud-suß-suß. The motif of the foreign legion in northern Africa was perhaps influenced by p.c. wren's novel beau geste, which she read and saw in 1926, 1928, and 1939. The yellow squadron was influenced by the white squadron by the french writer joseph peyre, which herge had read and seen in 1936. The inclusion of the japanese sergeant bunji kuraki as an ally of tintin was probably to counter the more evil tone of herge's earlier story, Blue Lotus, which was allied with japan at that time. – when a brown squadron was written by the French writer Joseph Peyre, herge had read and seen it in 1936. The appearance of the episode occurred the week before, just before an advertisement for the anti-war film – jud-suß-suß. The theme of the foreign legion in the north African was probably influenced by p.c. wren’s novel Beau geste, which she read and saw in 1926, 1928, and 1939. The yellow squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, who herge had read and seen in 1936. The introduction of the episode occurred in the weeks before, right next to an advertisement for the anti-war film, jud-suß-suß. The white squadron of the blue squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which herge had read and seen in 1936. The inclusion of the japanese sergeant bunji kuraki as an ally of tintin was probably to counter the more vicious tone of herge’s Blue Lotus, which was allied with japan at that time. /2 She chose the name Haddock, after the fact that Geraine Remi had said at dinner, ‘A sad English fish,’ that she had named haddock. The introduction of the story occurred in the weeks before, right near an advertisement for the anti-war film – Ju-suß-suß. The introduction of the story appeared in the weeks before, next to an advertisement for the antiwar film – Ju-suß-suß. The use of morocco in the setting was probably influenced by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, who herge had read and seen in 1936. The inclusion of the japanese sergeant bunji kuraki as an ally of tintin was probably intended to counter the more vicious tone of herge’s Blue Lotus when the occupier was allied with japan at that time. When a brown squadron was written by the French writer Joseph Peyre, herge read and seen in 1936, the yellow squadron was inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which herge read and seen in 1936. The introduction of the episode occurred in the weeks before, next to an advertisement for the antiwar film judsuß. The introduction of the episode took place in the weeks before, next to an advertisement for the antiwar film judsuß. The introduction of the episode occurred in the weeks before, next to an advertisement for the antiwar film judsuß. The yellow squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which herge read and seen in 1936. The yellow squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, who herge read and seen in 1936. The yellow squadron of the blue squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which herge had read and seen in 1936. The introduction of the story occurred in the weeks before, just before the advertisement for the antiwar film Ju-suß-suß. The yellow squadron of the blue squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which she had read and seen in 1936. The yellow squadron of the blue squadron was probably inspired by the white squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre, whom shege had read and seen in 1936. The name of captain Haddock is a pun, meaning "bass salad" in French. The name of the port of Bagghar derives from the French tug, which means 'whiplash' in French... In february 1942, the book publisher suggested that his books should be published in a new format, 62 pages rather than the old 100 or 130 pages, and now in full colour, instead of black and black... The premiere of the story appeared the week before, right after an advertisement for the antiwar film Ju-suß-suß. The new version of the story appeared in the weeks before, right before the antiwar film judsuß. The first version of the story appeared in the weeks before, right after the antiwar film judsuß. The introduction of the story took place in the weeks before, right before the antiwar film judsuß. The introduction of the story took place in the weeks before, next to the advertisement for the antiwar film judsuß. The yellow version of the squadron of the French writer Joseph Peyre was written by the French writer Joseph Peyre, who had read and seen it in 1936. The yellow version of the white version of the French writer Joseph Peyre was probably inspired by the white version of the French writer Joseph Peyre, who had read and seen in 1936. The first appearance of the story appeared in the newspaper in January 1942, and it was a little over 58 pages long, and thus, to fill the empty pages with four full-color pictures, which brought it to a 62-page size. The yellow version of the yellow version of the french writer Joseph Peyre’s novel, “Brother was Pronto”; when a brown version of the newspaper had been written by the French writer Joseph Peyre, which she had read and seen in 1936, the yellow version of the newspaper was probably inspired by the white version of the French writer Joseph Peyre, which she had read and seen in 1936. Then the yellow version of the newspaper, the newspaper, the newspaper, the weekend before the week before the episode. The author negotiated that the latter should be published in a new format, 62 pages rather than the old  100 or 130 pages, and the yellow version of the newspaper was written and published in full colour, which made it 62 pages. The yellow version of the newspaper was probably inspired by the white version of the French writer Joseph Peyre, who herge had read and seen in 1936. The red version of the newspaper was probably inspired by the white version of the French writer Joseph Peyre, whom herge had read and seen in 1936. The nickname of the port of Bagghar is a pun, meaning "bass salad" in French. In the 1960s, the "chamber of the vessel Bagghar" and "Let's go!" were published in the image of a glossy album. The article , sceptre, which turned out to be the first tintin adventures to be published in the united states in little golden books. But the author, in collaboration with the American publisher Western Publishing, made some changes: jumbo, the sailor who left his leaf bound and gagged in Captain Haddock’s cabin, and another man who beats Haddock in the cellar, could not be black Africans as depicted in the original picture. These were changed to a white sailor and a arab, on account of the american publisher’s concern that their images of black and white were juxtaposed. However, the inscription did not change, and Haddock still refers to the man who beat him as a ‘negro’. Then the author, working in collaboration with the American publisher Western Publishing, made a few changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock’s cabin and another man who beats Haddock in the cellar was no longer black Africans, as depicted in the original picture. Those changes were made to the white sailor and the arab, because the American publisher was obliging that their image should be depicted in the black and white. But the inscription did not change, and Haddock still refers to the man who beat him as a “negro”. The edited sheets were later redrawn by Herge to be more acceptable, and they appeared this way in all published editions. , which in all published editions became the first tintin adventures. Then the author, in collaboration with the American publisher Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room, and the other who beat Haddock in the cellar, were not black Africans as in the original picture, they were changed to white sailor and arab, because the American publisher had a pity on their image being black and white. However, the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro." Then the author, in collaboration with Western, made a few changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's cabin, and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar, could not be black Africans as in the picture; but the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro". The biographer Benoit Peeters described the story as a "rebirth" of tintin's adventures, and that the addition of haddock was a "mighty" element, a "complex" element which "shook the spirit of the series". Then, in collaboration with Western Publishing, the author made some changes: the sailor who left his book bound and gagged in Captain Haddock's cabin, and the other who beat Haddock in the cellar, were not black Africans as in the original picture, they were changed to a white sailor and a arab, on account of the American publisher's pity that their image should be black and white. Then the author, working with the American publisher Western Publishing, made some changes: the sailor who left his book bound and gagged in Captain Haddock's cabin and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were no longer black Africans, as in the original picture; however, the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro." The biographer Benoit Peeters called the story a rebirth of tintin's adventures, and that the addition of haddock was a "great" element, a "complex" element which "de-stabilized the spirit of the series".. Then the author, working in collaboration with Western Publishing, made some changes: the sailor who had left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who had punched Haddock in the cellar were no longer black Africans, as depicted in the picture, but the inscription did not change, Haddock still called him a "negro". However, the inscription did not change, Haddock still called him a "negro". " The biographer d'Assouline said that the crab with the golden claws had "a certain charm" from the "extracts and nostalgical features of the colonies, a particular influence of the French, that was reminiscent of their dominance in the north." The biographer d'Assouline said that the crab with the golden claws had "a certain charm" of the "extracts and nostalgic qualities of the colonies, a certain influence of the French that was reminiscent of their dominance in the north." Then the author, working in collaboration with the American publisher Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the beater in the cellar were not black Africans as in the picture; but the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro." Then the author, working in collaboration with Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were not black Africans as in the picture; but the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro". Then the author, working in collaboration with Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were not black Africans, as in the picture; but the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro". Then the author, working in collaboration with Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were not black Africans as in the picture; but the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro". Then the author, working in collaboration with Western, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were no longer black Africans, as in the picture; however, the inscription did not change, and Haddock still called him a "negro". Then the author, working with Western Publishing, made some changes: the sailor who left his book tied and gagged in Captain Haddock's room and the man who beat Haddock in the cellar were no longer black Africans as in As for the cast of the two magicians, crab tins and cigars, they argued that the novel represented a turning point in Herge’s career, because he had to move to the weekday format in Le Séquence, while in consequence of that they considered that the last third of the novel “looks to me somewhat rushed.” They concluded that the presence of a japanese investigator to investigate drug trafficking in the mediterranean is simply not in keeping with the history of 1940s Europe. In addition, he considered that the two virtuosi, the crabs and the cigars, all argued that the novel represented a turning point in Herge’s career, because he was obliged to move to the weekly schedule of Le Séquence, and owing to that, the latter “looks somewhat rushed.” They concluded that the presence of a japanese investigator on the scene of drug trafficking in the mediterranean is in no way at all a par with the history of 1940s Europe. For the characters of the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, they asserted that the novel represented a turning point in Herge’s career, because he had to move to a daily format in Le Séquence, while, on the other hand, they thought the last third of the novel “strangely came to my attention.”... Literary critic jean @- marie apostolides of stanford university, in a psychiatric review of the ‘Crab with Golden Claws’, said that in this novel he witnessed tintin’s ‘real entry into the human world’ as he received an ‘old brother’ in haddock. As for the two virtuosi, the crabs and the cigars, they said that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekly format of Le Séquence, and, owing to this, the last third "looked quite rushed. " The two virtuosi, the crabs and the cigars, all said that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekday format of Le Séquence, while, on the other hand, they thought that the last third "looked rather rushed." The writer Jean-Marc M. Apostolides of Stanford University wrote a psychiatric review of "Crab with Golden Claws" in a review of the novel, saying that in this novel he saw the "real opening" of tintin as he received an old brother in the field. However, the author noted that in this adventure the "tin can" which found itself in the German streets introduces tintin is a reference to the recurring theme of tintin the detective in the series..., but the pair are prevented from realizing their fantasies. The literary critic jean mccarthy, in a psychiatric review of the "Crab with Golden Claws" wrote that in this novel he had been able to witness tintin's "real life in the world" as he received an "old brother" in a haddock. In addition, he concluded that the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, all asserted that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career, because he had to move to the weekday schedule of Le Séquence, and consequently that the novel "looked a little rushed." In 1947 the first tintin motion picture was created: the animated film "The Crab with Golden Claws" by William B. Bertrand, faithfully adapted by Wilfried bouchery for the films "Claude Misonne," and first presented in the abc cinema on 11 january 1947 to the invited guests. In addition, he concluded that the two virtuosi, the crabs and the cigars, all agreed that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career, because he had to move to the weekly version of Le Séquence, and consequently that the last third "looked rather rushed. " Then the character of the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, asserted that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekly version of Le Séquence, and therefore that the last third "looked a bit rushed." For the characters of the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, they asserted that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekly version of Le Séquence, while, on the other hand, they considered the last third "too rushed." The writer jean mccarthy, in a psychiatric review of the "Crab with Golden Claws" wrote that in this novel he had witnessed the "real opening" of Tinolf as he received an old brother in the field. Nevertheless, the author noted that the "tin can" which found itself in the German streets introduces Tinolf is a reference to the "regular theme of the detective in the series"... They concluded that the presence of a japanese investigator in the field of drug trafficking in the mediterranean is in no way comparable to the history of 1940s Europe. In 1947, the first tintin film was made, the animated film "The Polaroid," by William Bertrand, faithfully adapted by Wilfried bouchery for the films Claude Misonne and first presented in the abc cinema on 11 January 1947. They concluded that the presence of a japanese investigator in the scene of drug trafficking in the mediterranean is simply not in keeping with the history of 1940s Europe. In addition, he found that the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, all considered that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekly edition of Le Séquence, and therefore the last third "looked very busy." Then the character of the two magicians, the crabs and the cigars, asserted that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career because he had to move to the weekly edition of Le Séquence, while the last third "looked very busy." But the author noted that the "tin can" which appeared in the German streets introduces Tinolf is a reference to the "regular theme of the detective in the series," but the pair were prevented from achieving their fantasies. The writer Jean-Marc M. Apostolides of Stanford University wrote a psychiatric review of the "Crab with Golden Claws" in a review of the novel, saying that in this novel he had seen Tinolf's "real" entrance into the world, as he received an old brother in the field. The two virtuosi, the crabs and the cigars all said that the novel was a turning point in Herge's career, because he had to move to the weekly edition of Le Séquence, and consequently the last third "looked somewhat rushed." In 1991, a second animated series of tintin's adventures was produced, a collaboration between the french studio ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. The crab with golden claws was the fifth one to be adapted, and it was directed by ray goossens and written by greg, himself a well-known cartoonist who in later years would become editor in tintin's magazine. The adventure film The adventures of tintin: The mystery of the unicorn was adapted by the French studio Ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. In 1991 a second animated series of tintin’s adventures was produced by the french studio ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. The crab with golden claws was the fifth episode to be adapted, and it was directed by ray goossens and written by greg, who had been a long-time illustrator of the cartoonist tintin, and would become editor of the magazine in his later years. According to the critics, the series was “in general faithful,” with its compositions having been almost based on the original comics. The crab with golden claws was the seventh episode in the series. The adventures of tintin: The mystery of the unicorn was adapted by the French studio Ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. In 1991 a second animated series of tintin was produced by the French studio Ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. In the third animated series, the Spanish studio Ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana created the crab with the golden claws, the meeting and first adventures of tintin and captain Haddock, the karaboudjan, the flight to bagghar, and the bottle (although the plot about the smuggled opium was not adapted). In the seventh episode of the series, the adventure film “The adventures of tintin” (the mystery of the unicorn) was made by the French studio Ellipse and the Canadian animation company Nelvana. According to the critics, the series was “in general faithful,” with its compositions almost based on the comics. In the simpsons episode, bart simpson makes a derogatory comment about belgium, making his mother marge threaten him with "taking his tintins away," and, holding a copy of the tintin album, promises to do good...