 atlanta was a colonel's iron-clad ship that served in the confederate and union navies during the American Civil War., she was converted from a scottish barracks runner named fingal, the Confederacy christened by the nickname of "fingal" because she had run one run to savannah, georgia., she was captured by two union monitors in 1863, when she ran aground. The ship atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship of the scottish scottish regiment, a scottish barracks runner, a Confederacy nicknamed “fingal” because she had run one run at Savannah, Georgia. She was a Union ship in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. The ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve. She spent the bulk of her time at the Charles River, supporting the Union forces there. , she was converted from a scottish ship, called fingal, who was christened by the name of "fingal" because she had run a savannah. She was captured by the Union monitors in 1863 when she ran aground. The atlanta was a colonel's iron-clad ship, which served in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. The ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve. She was used in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Union ship in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Confederacy ship, made of scottish iron-clad ships, and the Confederacy called 'fingal' for having run at Savannah, Georgia. The description of the ship 'fingal' was written and published by the j&g thomson - clyde bank, govan, glasgow, scotland. She was built at Govan in glasgow in 1861. The atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship that served in the Union and Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Union ship, and served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Confederacy ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her “fingal” because she had run a savannah. She was converted from a scottish ship called Fingal, which was called Fingal because she had run a savannah. She was captured by two Union Monitors in 1863 when she ran aground. The ship atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship of the scottish scottish regiment, a scottish-barracks ship, and was a Confederacy ship named ‘Fingal’, because she had run a savannah. She was a Union ship in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was used in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Confederacy ship made of scottish iron-clad ships and the Confederacy called ‘Fingal’ because she had run at Savannah, Georgia. The atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship, which served in the Union and Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. The ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve. She served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Union ship, serving in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Confederacy ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her ‘Fingal’ because she had run a run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel’s iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks ship, and a Confederacy ship called Fingal, because she had run a run on the Savannah River. She was captured by the Union-monitored and administrative officers in 1863, when she ran aground. The ship atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks ship, and was a Confederacy ship called Fingal because she had run a run on the Savannah River. She was a Union-operated ship, from 1865 to 1865; the ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she was a Union ship, and was a Union-operated ship from 1865 to 1865; she was a Confederacy ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her Fingal because she had run a run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel’s iron-clad ship of the scottish regiment, a scottish barracks ship, and a Confederacy ship, called Fingal because she had run a run at Savannah, Georgia. The atlanta was a colonel's iron-clad ship which served in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. She was a Confederacy ship, made of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her "fingal" because she had run on the Savannah River. She was a Confederacy ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her "fingal" because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron-clad ship, serving in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865; the ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she was a Union ship, and served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she was a Union ship, and served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she was a Confederate ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederacy called her Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. She was a Confederacy ship, made of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederacy ship called Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. She was a Confederacy ship, built of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called her Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederacy ship called Fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment " The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship, serving in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865; the ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; she was a Confederate ship, made of scottish iron; and the Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah. The ship fingal was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and a Confederate ship called fingal because she had run on the Savannah River The Atlanta was a colonel’s iron ship, which served in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. She served in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. She served in the Union and the Confederacy from 1865 to 1865. The ship was decommissioned in 1865 and placed on reserve; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it served in the Union Navy from 1865 to 1865; it was a Union ship and a Union ship; it was a Confederacy ship, made of scottish iron, and the Confederacy called it fingal because she had run on the Savannah. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and the Confederacy called it fingal because it had run on the Savannah. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and the Confederacy called it fingal because she had run on the Savannah. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and the Confederacy called it fingal because it had run on the Savannah River. The atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and the Confederacy called it fingal because she had run on the Savannah. The ship atlanta was a colonel's iron ship of the Scottish regiment, a Scottish barracks, and the Confederacy called it fingal because it had run on the Savannah River. The ship atlanta was a On the evening of the 14th october, as she was slowly making her way round the breakwater at Holyhead, he crashed and sank the austrian brig siccardi, which was slowly swinging at anchor without lights. Bulloch and his passengers embarked in the steamer. Bulloch sent a letter to his financial agents instructing them to settle some treble damages with the owner of the brig because he could not afford to wait and get the matter settled between him and fingal. Bulloch and his passengers set sail in the steamer. On the evening of the 14th october, as she was slowly navigating the Holyhead pier, he crashed and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. The ship reached Bermuda on 2 November and, after sailing out of port on 7 November, bulloch told the crew that the steamer was going to savannah, Georgia. He offered to take anyone who objected to the plan to nassau. But the whole crew agreed to be part of the union blockade. On 12 November, fingal was able to make a good solitary dive into the savannah sea in a heavy fog without noticing any blockaders. The brig Siccardi, at anchor, was not in the port. The ship reached Bermuda on 2 November and, after sailing out of port on 7 November, bulloch told the crew that the ship was going to Savannah, Georgia. Bulloch and his crew took to the ship. On the evening of the 14th, as she was slowly navigating the Holyhead pier, he crashed and sank the brig Siccardi, which was in anchor but without lights. Bulloch and his passengers embarked on the ship. On the 15th, while fingal was discharging her cargo, Bulloch went to richmond to discuss with Stephen Mallory, the secretary of the navy, and confirmed Bulloch's plan to load fingal with cotton and sell it on the navy's account, which can be used to purchase more ships and equipment in Europe. On 12 November, fingal had the good fortune to plunge into the sea in a thick fog without noticing the flags. He promised to take anyone who opposed this plan to nassau, but the whole crew agreed to the union blockade. On the evening of the 14th october, as she was slowly navigating the pier of Holyhead, he crashed and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. Bulloch and his crew set sail in the boat. On the 15th, while fingal was discharging her cargo, Bulloch went to richmond to discuss with Stephen Mallory, the secretary of the navy, who confirmed the plans of Bulloch, which were to load fingal with cotton and sell it to the navy, to buy more ships and equipment in Europe. Bulloch and his crew set sail on the boat. On November 14, during a fast dive on the savannah sea, he tripped and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring but without lights. On November 12, during the stormy day, at Holyhead, he fell and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. Bulloch sent a letter to his financial agents, advising them to settle treble damages with the owner of the brig, because he could not afford to wait and get the matter settled between him and fingal. On November 12, 2018, she slipped into the deep ocean in a heavy fog without noticing the flags. On November 23, fingal had the good fortune to plunge into the sea in a heavy fog without noticing the flags. On November 23, Bulloch reported to Mallory, he told him that it was impossible to break through, so he ordered the ship to be handed over to another officer and go back to Europe. Bulloch and his passengers took up the ship. On November 23, Bulloch reported to mallory that the denial was hopeless, and so he was ordered to give up the ship and return to Europe some other way. On the evening of the 14th, as she was navigating the Holyhead breakwater, he crashed and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring but without lights. The ship reached Bermuda on 2 November and after sailing out of port on 7 November, bulloch informed the crew that the ship was heading for Savannah, Georgia. On the 15th, while fingal was loading her cargo, Bulloch went to richmond to discuss with Stephen Mallory, the navy secretary, who confirmed Bulloch's plan to load fingal with cotton and sell it to the navy, which can be used to buy more ships and equipment in Europe. The boat reached Bermuda on 2 November, and after sailing out of port on 7 November, bulloch told the crew that the ship was going to Savannah, Georgia. On 12 November, fingal had the good fortune of diving into the ocean in a thick fog without noticing the flags; on 24 November, when she sank in the savannah, he tripped and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was in anchor, but without lights. On the 14th of November, as she was slowly navigating the pier of Holyhead, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. Bulloch and his passengers set sail on board the ship. On the 15th, while fingal was discharging her cargo, Bulloch went to Richmond to discuss with Stephen Mallory, the secretary of the navy, who confirmed Bulloch's plan to load fingal with cotton and sell it to the navy, which is useful for purchasing more ships and equipment in Europe. On the 23rd, on the 23rd, he reported to Mallory that it was impossible to break through, so he ordered the ship to be handed over to another officer and go to Europe. Bulloch and his crew began to sail on the ship. On the 23rd, at the pier of Holyhead, he tripped and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. Bulloch and his crew went on board. Bulloch and his crew took up the ship. Bulloch and his crew started to sail on the ship. On the 23rd, during a On November 12, the night before Thanksgiving, fingal had the good fortune to plunge into the deep sea in a dense fog, without noticing the flags; on November 23, on the last day of the month of November, fingal sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was in anchor but without lights; the evening before Thanksgiving, on the night before Christmas, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was in anchor, but without lights; on the 14th of November, while she was cruising around the Holyhead breakwater, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was in anchor, but without lights. On the night of the 14th, when she was slow navigating the Holyhead breakwater, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. Bulloch and his crew began to sail the ship. On the 15th, while Fingal was discharging her cargo, Bulloch went to Richmond, to talk to Stephen Mallory, the secretary of the navy, who confirmed the idea of Fingal to load fingal with cotton and sell it to the navy, which can be used to purchase more ships and equipment in Europe. On November 12, Fingal had the good fortune of diving in a fog without noticing the flags, and on November 23, Fingal had the bad fortune of falling into the sea in a fog without noticing the flags, and on November 24th he crashed and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring but without lights. On November 14, when the brig Siccardi was still anchoring, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring, but without lights. On November 14, as she sailed slowly around the Holyhead, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring, but without lights. Bulloch and his crew began to sail on board. On the 23rd, at the pier of Holyhead, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring, but without lights. On the 23rd, at the pier of Holyhead, he s On November 12, 2018 he slipped into the deep ocean in a thick fog without noticing the flags. On November 12, 2018, he had the good fortune to plunge into the sea in a thick fog without noticing the flags; on November 23, on the last day of the month of November, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring, but without lights. On November 14, while he was navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring but without lights. Then, on November 14, when she was slowly navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring but without lights. On November 14, when she was navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor but without lights. On November 14, when she sailed slowly around the Holyhead, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring but without lights. On November 14, when she was navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was at anchor, but without lights. On November 14, during the stormy day, on November 24, she sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring but without lights, Bulloch and his crew sailed aboard the ship. On November 14, while she was navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, which was anchoring but without lights. Bulloch and his crew set sail on board. On November 14, during a rapid dive into the savannah sea, he tripped and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring but without lights, the evening of the 14th, as she was slowly navigating the Holyhead pier, he sank and sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchoring, but without lights. On November 14th, when she was still floating around the Holyhead, he sank the austrian brig Siccardi, anchor So that he could measure at seven to ten knots, in 27 to 35 km a h, or 8 to 11 mph...   1, 11 t... t... - 5 The gun was drawn at 30 ° from the horizontal, and its outer and inner sections were 2 inches (51 mm) thick and 6 inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer ran vertically, the inner layer horizontally. The horse's armor was lined with 3 inches (76 mm) of oak, angled inward, and two layers of 7 mm. ... Seventy-six knots at 28 to 35 km/h, or eight-thirty-nine mph... t... t... The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer ran vertically, the inner layer horizontally. The horse’s armor was lined with 3 inches (76 mm) of oak twisted inward, and two layers of 7 mm. pine, alternating in alternating patterns... It is written on a rectangular casemate that is pierced by eight narrow gun-holes, one at the bow and one at the stern and three along the sides. The hull of the pyramidal aeroplane was armed in the same way and had room for two men. The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner hulls were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer ran vertically, the inner layer was horizontally. Seventy-six knots at 28 to 35 mph, or eight-thirty-nine mph... t... t... t... t... the upper part of the Atlanta hull received two inches of armor. The horse’s armor was lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, which was angled inwards, and two layers of 7 mm. The horse’s armor was lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, which was angled inwards, and two layers of 7 mm. The triangle-shaped hull of the pyramid-shaped aeroplane was armed in the same way, and it contained room for two. The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and its outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer was vertical, the inner layer was horizontal. The horse’s armor was lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, angled inward, and two layers of 7 mm. The horse’s armor was lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, angled inward, and two layers of 7 mm. The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer was vertical, the inner layer was horizontal. The barrels of the Atlanta hull were armed with single-arched, seven-arched, 7 inch (178 mm) brooke rifles mounted on pivot-mounts at the bow and stern, the middle of the barrel was occupied by a single-arched, six-arched... It is written on a rectangular casemate, pierced by eight narrow gunholes, one at the bow and one at the stern, and three along the sides. The gun is drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections are two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer layer runs vertically, the inner layer runs horizontally. The horse’s armor is lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, twisted inward, and two layers of 7 mm. The barrels of the Atlanta hull are armed with a single-shot, seven-shot, 7-inch (178 mm) rifle, mounted on pivot-mounts at the bow and stern, the middle is occupied by a single-shot, six-shot... The horse’s armor is lined with three inches (76 mm) of oak, twisted inward, and two layers of 7 mm., the 18, the equivalent of the 18..........., the cross-section of the triangle is armed the same way, it is roomy for two men. So that he could measure at seventy-six knots, at thirty-six knots, or eightty-nine knots... t... t... The atlanta was armed with a 20-inch-long (36-inch) gun, the gun was drawn at thirty-six degrees, and the inner and outer sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The atlanta was armed with a 19-inch-long (48-inch) gun, mounted on pivoting links at the bow and the stern; the middle part was occupied by a single-ax, a six-ax... The horse's armor was lined with three inches (76 mm) oak, twisted inward, and two layers of 7 mm. The upper portion of the Atlanta was given two inches of armor. The square-shaped-shaped hull of the pyramid was armed in the same way, and it contained two. The gun was drawn at thirty-five degrees horizontal, and its outer and inner hulls were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The outer hull was vertical, the inner hull was horizontal. The horse's armor was lined with three inches (76mm) of oak, twisted inward, and two layers of 7mm. The horse's armor was lined with three inches (76mm) of oak, twisted inward, and two layers of 7mm. The triangle-shaped, pyramidal-shaped aeroplane was armed in the same way and had room for two men. The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer hull was two inches (51mm) thick and six inches (180mm) wide. The gun was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer hull was two inches (51mm) thick and six inches (180mm) wide. The outer hull was drawn at the end, the inner hull was vertical, the inner hull horizontal. The hull of the upper part of the plane received two inches of armor. , the cube was buried in a single sheet of pine, alternating in a circle.... The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was drawn at thirty degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51 mm) thick and six inches (180 mm) wide. The cube was armed with a twenty-inch-long (48-inch) gun, mounted on pivots at the bow and the stern, the middle part occupied by a single-ax, a six-ax. The cube was armed with three inches (76mm) oak, twisted inwards, and two layers of 7mm. The cube was curved inwards, the cube was twisted inwards. The cube was shaped at thirty-five degrees from the horizontal, and the outer and inner sections were two inches (51mm) thick and six inches (180mm) wide. The cube was curved inwards, the inner layer was horizontal. The cube was drawn at the end, the outer layer was vertical, the inner layer horizontal. The cube was armed at seventy-six knots, at thirty-six knots, or eightty-nine knots... The cube was woven from three inches (76mm) of ... ”the town of Uxbridge....” Having commanded the savannah river, on the 31st of July 1862, under the command of lieutenant charles h. mcblair, atlanta took her sea trials down the savannah, towards Fort Pulaski. "The town of Uxbridge." Having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of lieutenant charles h. mcblair, atlanta went to sea. Having commanded the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta led her sea trials on the savannah to Fort Pulaski. The ship was difficult to steer, and the added weight of her armor and guns significantly reduced her speed and increased her draft. The town of Uxbridge.’ ‘The town of Uxbridge.’ Having taken command of the savannah on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the ship went to sea. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the ship went to sea. The ship was difficult to steer, and the extra weight of her armor and guns significantly reduced her speed and her draft. One report said that it was almost unbearable aboard the atlanta, because there was no ventilation system and the heat was scorching. Having commanded the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta went to sea. Having commanded the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta went to sea. The ship was difficult to steer, and the additional weight of the armor and the guns reduced its speed and its draft significantly. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the ship went to sea. Under pressure from mallory to draw in the blockade, tattnall wanted to pursue them before the ironclads came to the port on 5 january 1863, but the engineers were unable to make up the obstacles in the channel, despite the efforts of tattnall. " The town of Uxbridge." The City of Uxbridge." "The City of Uxbridge." "The City of Uxbridge." Having taken command of the city on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went to sea. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went to sea. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went to sea. The city of Uxbridge." "The city of Uxbridge. " After having taken command of the city of savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge went to sea. "The city of Uxbridge" - it was reported that it was almost unbearable aboard the city of Uxbridge, because there was no ventilation system and the heat was very hot. Nevertheless, tattnall was able to pass through the obstacle at high tide on 3 february, but the high wind prevented the water from rising enough to allow the ship to pass..... After atlanta successfully passed through the obstacle on 19 march, tattnall intended to attack the Union Headquarters at Port Royal, South Carolina, while the monitors were attacking charleston.... Having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta sailed to the sea. Having commanded the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta sailed to the sea. Having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta sailed to the sea. Upon savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta entered the sea. At this time, in response to mallory's perceived weakness for fighting, mallory appointed tattnall commander of the savannah squadron in the month of April, whereas charleston was under attack... Having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta went into the sea. On July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the ship went into the sea. One report said that it was almost unbearable on the atlanta, for there was no ventilation and the heat was very hot. After atlanta successfully passed through the obstacle on 19 march, tattnall intended to attack the Union headquarters at Port Royal, South Carolina, while the monitors were attacking charleston... The town of Uxbridge." After taking command of the city on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the ship went into the sea. The ship was difficult to steer, and the added weight of the armor and the guns significantly reduced its speed and the draft. After having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, atlanta entered the sea. Atlanta had passed through the obstacle on the 19th march, and had intended to attack the Union headquarters at Port Royal, South Carolina, and the monitors at Charleston. “The town of Uxbridge,” said the mayor, “the city of Uxbridge.” “The city of Uxbridge,” said the mayor. “The city of Uxbridge.” The city of Uxbridge.” The town of Uxbridge. On the 31st of July 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge sank. At this time, in response to mallory’s perceived weakness for fighting, mallory had sent tattnall to command the squadron of the savannah in the month of April, while charleston was under attack. Having taken command of the savannah, on the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge sank. The city of Uxbridge. Having taken command of the savannah, on July 31, 1862, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went into the sea. After a successful pass through the obstacle on 19 march, tattnall intended to attack the Union Headquarters in Port Royal, South Carolina, while the monitors attacked Charleston... But, on the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge. “The town of Uxbridge,” said the mayor, “the town of Uxbridge.” Having taken command of the city of Uxbridge, on the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge went into the sea. The city of Uxbridge. Having taken command of the city of Uxbridge, on the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge went into the sea. Atlanta had successfully passed through the obstacle on the 19th of July and planned to attack the Union headquarters in Port Royal, South Carolina, and the officials at Charleston. Having taken control of the city of Uxbridge, on the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city of Uxbridge went into the sea. At this time, in response to mallory’s perceived weakness for fighting, mallory had sent tattnall to the squadron of the Saravannah in the month of April, while charleston was under attack. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went into the sea. On the 31st of July, under the command of Lieutenant Charles H. Mcblair, the city went into the sea. “The town of Uxbridge,” said the mayor, “the town of Uxbridge.” “The town of Uxbridge,” said the mayor, “the town of Uxbridge.” After Atlanta had successfully passed through the obstacle on the 19th march, tattnall wanted to attack the Union Headquarters in Port Royal, South Carolina, while the scoundrels in Charleston... he planned to go on a fresh attempt on the next full tide, rejecting the idea of waiting until the nearly finished savannah was completed before he was about to go on.... he pulled her back... pull her free... It was not planned to attempt another attempt, but instead to wait until the half-way point was reached before he began. He made a fresh attempt at the next full tide, refusing to wait till the half-way point was finished, before he was about to proceed... he drew her back, he freed her... du pont, commander of the south Atlantic brigand squadron, had ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to make a wassaw. Commander John Rodgers, the commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. du pont, commander of the South Atlantic brigand squadron, had ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to make a cut, and Commander John Rodgers, the commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. he made a fresh attempt at the next tide, rejecting the idea of waiting till the half way mark was reached before he could proceed... He pulled her back, he freed her... He had no intention of trying again, but rather to wait until the half way mark had been reached before he began to begin. He took the last swoop and then swung to a concealed position, in the easy reach of the monitors for an attack early next morning.... he was going to drop one of the monitors with his spar torpedo, and then he would fight with the other one with his guns. He went on another attempt on the next tide, refusing to wait until the half way mark was reached before he could go. He pulled her back, he freed her... He did not intend to attempt another attempt, but to wait until the half way mark was reached before he began. He took the last attempt, and then swung to a concealed position, within reach of the monitors, for an attack on the morning of 17 june. - He pulled her back, he freed her... He was not going to try another attempt, but to wait until the half way mark had been reached before he began. - du pont, commander of the South Atlantic brigand squadron, ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to make a cut, and Commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. - du pont, commander of the South Atlantic brigand squadron, ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, and Commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. He made the last attempt, and then swung to a concealed position, within reach of the monitors, for the attack of the morning of the 17th. he made a fresh attempt, but he did not want to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could proceed. He pulled her back, he freed her... He did not intend to try again, but to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he began. he took the last attempt and then swung to a concealed position, within reach of the monitors, for an attack on the morning of the 17th of July. he made a new attempt on the next tide, refusing to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could proceed... he pulled her back, he freed her... he did not intend to try again, but to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he began. he made another attempt at the next tide, refusing to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could go... he pulled her back, he freed her... he was not going to attempt another attempt, but to wait until the half-way mark had been reached before he began. he took the last shot, and then he moved to a hidden position, in the close vicinity of the guards, for an attack early in the morning... The guards in the South Atlantic brigands squadron, ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, and the commandant John Rodgers, the commandant of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. In the next tide, he made another attempt, but he did not want to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could go. He made the last attempt and then swung to a concealed position, in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for an attack early in the morning. He made the last attempt and then swung to a concealed position, in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for an attack on the morning of the 17th. He made the last attempt and then swung to a concealed position, within reach of the guards, for an attack on the morning of the 17th. The guards in the South Atlantic brigand squadron, having ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, ordered the commander of Weehawken, and commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was in charge of both ships. He did not intend to try again, but rather to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he began. he made a new attempt at the next tide, refusing to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could proceed, he pulled her back, he freed her... he did not intend to try again, but to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he began. Then he swung to a hidden position, within the reach of the guards, for the attack of the morning of the 17th. Du pont, commander of the South Atlantic brigands squadron, ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, and commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. He had the last shot and then moved to a hidden position, in the vicinity of the guards, for the attack of the morning of the 17th. he tried another time, but did not want to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could begin. He tried a third time, but did not want to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he could begin... He had a final shot, and then he swung to a hidden position in the vicinity of the guards, for the attack of the morning of the 17th.... he took the last shot and then swung to a hidden position in the vicinity of the guards, for the attack of the morning of the 17th. The rogues of the South Atlantic rogues, having ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, ordered the commander of Weehawken and commanded both ships. The rogues of the South Atlantic rogues, having ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, ordered the commander of Weehawken and command of both ships. He made the last attempt, and then swung to a concealed position in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for an attack on the morning of the 17th. He made the last attempt, and then swung to a concealed position, in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for an attack on the 17th. He took the last shot, and then he moved to a concealed position, in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for the attack on the 17th. Du pont, commander of the South Atlantic brigands squadron, ordered the monitors Weehawken and Neville to cut, and Commander John Rodgers, commander of Weehawken, was in command of both ships. He did not intend to try again, but rather to wait until the half-way mark was reached before he began. He made the last attempt and then swung to a concealed position, in the immediate vicinity of the guards, for the attack of the morning of the 17th. Hadn't the ocean, to-day atlanta had fired only seven shots, none of which had hit either of the union ships, and the tide had been high for an hour and a half. Weehawken and nahant could freely maneuver into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun ports would not permit her to respond, and the damage done by the former ship made any further resistance futile. Had not the ocean had been disturbed, today atlanta had fired seven shots, none of which had hit either of the union ships, and the tide had been high for an hour and a half. Had not the water been a danger, to-day atlanta had fired only seven shots, none of which had hit either of the Union ships, and the tide had been very high for an hour and a half. Weehawken and nahant could move into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun port did not allow them to respond to their fire, and the damage done by the former ship made any further resistance futile. webb surrendered the ship within 15 minutes of firing, before nahant could fire. Weehawken and nahant could get into positions where the atlanta’s narrow gun-port didn’t let them respond to their fires, and the damage caused by the former ship made any further resistance futile. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. The ship was not badly damaged, and was repaired and bought by the union navy. The prize money of 300,000 yen were divided among the crews of weehawken, nahant and the gunboat cimarron, the only ships at a distance of a few miles. Weehawken and nahant could freely maneuver into places where the atlanta’s narrow gun-port didn’t allow them to respond to their fire, and the damage done by the old ship made any further resistance futile. Hadn’t the ocean been disturbed, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Weehawken and nahant could maneuver into positions where the atlanta’s narrow gun-port did not allow them to respond, and the damage caused by the former ship made any further resistance futile. Had not the ocean been disturbed, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. The ship was not badly damaged and was repaired and bought by the union navy. Weehawken and nahant could maneuver into positions where the atlanta’s narrow gun-port did not allow them to respond, and the damage caused by the old ship made any further resistance futile. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. The ships were not badly damaged, and were repaired and bought by the navy. The prize money of 300,000 yen was divided among the crews of weehawken, nahant, and the gunboat cimarron, which were only at a distance of a few hundred yards. Weehawken and nahant could get into positions where the atlanta’s narrow gun-port didn’t allow them to respond to their fires, and the damage done by the former ship made any further resistance futile. The ocean was not in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Hadn’t the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Hadn’t the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. The ship was not badly damaged, and was repaired and bought by the navy. Atlanta was assigned to the North Atlantic blockading squadron and spent most of her time stationed up the james river, where she could support operations against richmond and defend against attacks by the ironclads of the james river. Weehawken and nahant could move into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun port didn't allow them to respond to their fire, and the damage done by the former ship made any further resistance futile. Weehawken and nahant could move into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun port didn't allow them to respond, and the damage done by the former ship made any further resistance futile. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. A fair bit of sea, to-day atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. If the sea was in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Weehawken and nahant were able to move into places where the atlanta’s narrow gun port did not allow them to respond, and the damage done by the former ship made no more resistance. The ship was not badly damaged, and it was repaired and bought by the navy. The prize money of 300,000 yen was divided among the crew of weehawken, nahant, and the gunboat cimarron, which had a distance of only a few hundred yards. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Had not the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was very high for an hour and a half. Weehawken and nahant could move into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun port did not allow them to respond, and the damage done by the old ship made any further resistance futile. Weehawken and nahant could move into positions where the atlanta's narrow gun port did not allow them to respond, and the damage done by the old ship made no more resistance futile. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half. Had the ocean been in danger, today atlanta fired seven shots, none of which hit either of the Union ships, and the tide was high for an hour and a half , the ship was decommissioned in philadelphia on 21 june 1865 and placed in reserve at league island.... After the end of the war in april 1865, atlanta was decommissioned in philadelphia on 21 june 1865 and placed in reserve at league island... she was sold to Sam Ward on 4 May 1869 for $ 25,, 000 and then delivered to the representatives of the haiti on 8 december by sydney oaksmith, a lawyer who had received a stipend of $ 50,, 000 on her purchase price of $ 260,,, After the end of the war in april 1865, atlanta was decommissioned in philadelphia on 21 june 1865 and placed in reserve at league island..... After she had been decommissioned in philadelphia on 21 june 1865 and placed in reserve at league island... After a broken down in delaware bay, she had to be put in at chester, pennsylvania, he sank in delaware bay, and had to be put in at chester, pennsylvania for repairs.... she was sold to Sam Ward on 4 May 1869 for $ 25, 000, and then handed over to the representatives of the haiti on 8 december by sydney oaksmith, a lawyer who had received a stipend of $ 50, 000 on her purchase price of 260,,,...