 same sentence>The horse of Kaimanawa is a member of the samurai horse family, which is a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horses are known for their hardiness and quietness. What is the horse called the Kaimanawa Horse, a member of the Samurai Horse family, which grew up in the 19th and 20th centuries, and is an offspring of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its hardness and quietness. Kaimanawa horses are originally reported in 1876, although the first horses were brought into New York in 1814. A Kaimanawa horse is the ancestor of the samurai horses of the 19th and 20th centuries, and was a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its hardness and quietness. The horse of Kaimanawa is a member of the Samurai Horses of the 18th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its ruggedness and quietness. What is the name of this horse? It is a member of the samurai horse family, a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The samurai horses have grown smaller since the horses escaped from the cattle-stations and from the cavalry-posts. As the livestock of the area was sown and harvested, the farm herds were cut down. There are only 174 horses left in the state in 1979. As a result of the dangers of the village and the abundance of grain, the cattle farms were cut down. Kaimanawa horses, therefore, are a member of the Samurai horse family, descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its harshness and quietness. Kaimanawa horses are originally reported in 1876, although the first horses were brought into New York in 1814. A Kaimanawa horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. It is known for its toughness and quietness. What is the name of this horse? The horse is a member of the samurai horse family, a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is a member of the samurai horse family, a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. A new village, in the north of the island, is occupied by a small community, mostly unmanaged, people. The population of the Kaimanawa samurai is less, and the samurai population is cut off annually. The herds are divided into two or three groups. The numbers of the horses have been cut off annually since 1993, and about two hundred and eighty horses have been removed. The equanimity of the horse has declined since the horses fled from the livestock-stations and from the cavalry posts. A few horses have been lost, and in the course of time the population of the state has reduced to about 174. What is the name of the horse? The horse is a member of the samurai horse family, a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. Kaimanawa horses were originally conceived in 1876, but the first horse was brought to the capital in 1814. The horse is a descendant of the domestic horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. It is known for its quietness and ruggedness. The horse of Kaimanawa is the ancestor of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. It is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. Kaimanawa horses are a member of the samurai horse family, which has been derived from the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known as a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. It is called the Kaimanawa Horse, a member of the samurai horse family, the descendant of the horse of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse of the Kaimanawa Horse is the ancestor of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries, and is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse of the Kaimanawa Horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries, and is known for its strength and quietness. In the nineteenth century, as the livestock was sown, the cattle ranches were cut down, and the horses were cut down. There are only 174 horses left in the state in 1979. The horse of Kaimanawa is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. Kaimanawa horses are a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its strong and quietness. The horse is a descendant of the horses of the 19th and 20th centuries. The horse is known for its toughness and quietness. Since 1868, the major george Gwavas imported the exmoor stallions from Huttte Bay and crossed them with kandas and comets. From 1868 to 1875, the stallion and several mares were equilibrated in the high plains of kaingaroa. In the 19th century, the samurai horses have become small. Since the livestock was harvested and the grain was sown, the herds are cut down. , I have been told, that in the 1960s, Nicholas Koreneff, having received an arabian horse from the country of Argos, had given the stallion a nice ride. Other horses had also been emitted from the villages by escapes and requisitions from sheep stations and cavalry of the waiouru, which were threatened by a strangler epidemic. Well, we know, that in the 1960s, Nicholas Koreneff, having received an arabian horse from Argos, had ridden the horse kindly. During the nineteenth and twenty-first centuries, the horses were harvested from the savages, and used as horses, riding horses, and as forage, and as meat, hair, and hides. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were cultivated from the feral herds and used for hunting, stock, and wool. Horses of this kind have a great deal of genetic similarity with the crosses of the thoroughbred and other cross breeds.... I've been told that in the 1960s, when Nicholas Korenef had received a horse of arabian origin from Argos, he had given it a fine ride. I was told, I was told, that in the 1960s, when Nikolai Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, he was fond of it. I have heard that in the 1960s, Nikolai Korenef received a horse of arabian origin from Argos and praised it. Other horses were released from the villages by escapes and requisitions of sheep stations and cavalry of the Waiouru, which were threatened by a strangler epidemic. In the nineteenth and twenty-first centuries, horses were harvested from the wilds and used as horses, riding horses, meat, hair, and hide. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are somewhat similar to the crosses of the thoroughbred and other cross-breeds... well, we know that in the 1960s, Nikolai Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he was fond of it. The kaimanawa is a land that has been extensively expanded and cut off by the development of the land, and by 1979 only 174 remained. ‘We know,’ we know, ‘that in the 1960s Nicholas Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos and he was pleased with it.’ I have been told that in the 1960s Nicholas Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos and was pleased with it. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were taken from the wild and used for hunting, stocking, and wool. In the nineteenth and twentieth century, horses were cultivated from wild herds and used as horses, riding horses, meat, hair and hide. The kaimanawa is an area of intensive development and has become cut off in various directions, and by the year 1779 there were only 174 of them left. A rapid increase in numbers has followed the protection of the horse breed, and by 1994 only 168 had been known to exist. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are somewhat similar to those of trad horses and other cross breeds... I was told in the 1960s that Nikolay Korenef received a horse of arabian origin from Argos, and he liked it. And in the 1970s, Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. I have been told that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef had received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. The boundaries of the trad horses are rather similar to the crosses of thoroughbred and other cross breeds... I heard that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. The trad horses of the trad horse are somewhat similar to the crosses of the trad horses... I know that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef had received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are somewhat similar to those of the horses of trad horses and other crosses... I heard that in the 1960s, Nikolai Korenef received a horse of arabian origin from Argos, and he liked it. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were taken from the wilds and used as horses, riding horses, and forage, and as meat, hair and hide. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are a little similar to those of the horses of the cross breed... I heard that in the 1960s, Nikolai Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and liked it. I heard that in the 1960s, Nikolai Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were taken from the wild, and used for hunting, stocking, and wool. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used for horse riding, and forage, and for ecstasy, and for leather and hides. The kaimanawa is an area of intensive development and cut off in various directions, and in 1779 only 174 of them remained. In the 1970s, Nikolai Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. I've been told that in the 1960s Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos and he liked it. The savage horses were cultivated in the wild and used to hunt, stock and wool. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries horses were cultivated from the wild and used to ride, and to eat and forage, and to make meat, hair, and hide. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were cultivated from the wild and used to ride, meat, hair, and hide. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, and to eat and to eat and to hide; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were cultivated from the wild and used to hunt, stocking and wool; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used for hunting, stocking, and wool; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, and to pasture, and to meat, hair, and hide; in the twentieth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to riding, to feed, and to hide, and in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were cultivated from the wild and used to hunt, to clothe, to leather, and hide; in the twentieth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, riding, meat, hair and hide; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used for riding, to forage, to meat, hair and hide, and in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used for riding, and riding, and for meat, hair and hide. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are somewhat similar to those of horses of trad horses and other crosses... well, we know that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. I heard that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. " We know," we know, "that in the 1960s, Nikolay Korenef received an arabian horse from Argos, and he liked it. The boundaries of the kaimanawa are somewhat similar to those of the horse of the cross... I heard that in the 1960s Nikolay Korenevich received an arabian horse from Argos and he was pleased with it. The kaimanawa is an area of intensive development and has been cut off in various ways, and in 1779 there were only 174 of them. The horses of the cross are somewhat similar to those of the horse of the cross... I heard that in the 1960s Nikolay Korenevich received an arabian horse from Argos and he liked it. I heard that in the 1960s Nikolay Korenevich received an arabian horse from Argos and he liked it. In the nineteenth and twentieth centuries horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feed, and hide; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feed, and hide; in the twentieth century horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feeding, and hide; in the twentieth century horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feed, and hide; in the twentieth century horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feeding, and hide; in the twentieth century horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feeding, and hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, feeding, and hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to eat and to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to eat and to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to eat and to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to feed and to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to eat, to eat and to hide; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to feed, and to hide; in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to eat, to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used to ride, to feed, to hide; in the twentieth century, horses were harvested from the wild and used Is it not that kaimanawa horses have a short, deep neck with a broad throat, a straight shoulder, and a long, narrow back? Their backs are short and thin. They have a long and narrow neck, a wide throat, a straight shoulder, and a narrow back. Is it not a big, deep neck, a broad neck, a wide throat, and a long, narrow back? The horses are short and thin. ; it is a long, narrow neck, wide neck, straight neck, narrow back. Horses are short and thin. Isn’t that a short, deep neck, a broad neck, a broad chest, a long narrow back? Yes, they have a long, narrow neck, a broad chest, a long narrow back, aren’t they? In 1992, a draft of the plan was made available for public comment, and the public declared that they did not want to reduce the herd by shooting from the helicopters, and instead favored the horses that were still alive after being re-released from the herd. The secret societies felt that shooting was the most humane thing to do. For example, in a certain, deep, broad neck, a broad, straight neck, and a long, narrow back, that’s what a horse has! It’s a short, broad neck, a broad neck, a long narrow back. Horses have a short, narrow neck, a broad neck, a long narrow back, aren’t they? Isn’t that a long, narrow neck, a broad neck, a broad chest, a long narrow back? The secret society believes that shooting is the most humane thing. It isn’t so with a stout neck, a wide neck, a broad chest, a long narrow back, and there are horses that are short and thin. In 1994, a commission was established to investigate the management of the kaimanawa herd. They determined which organization was to oversee the care of the herd, whether the treatment of horses was humane, whether the herds could be preserved and managed, and whether the herd could be increased in the future by re-establishing an ecological reserve, so as to protect the ecological feature and natural habitats of the kaimanawa herd, and ensuring the overall health of the herd. But Isn't it a long narrow neck, a broad neck, a narrow back, a long narrow neck? Yes, a long narrow neck, a broad neck, a narrow neck, a long narrow back? Isn't it a long, wide neck, a broad neck, a long narrow back? Isn't it a short, deep neck, a broad neck, a long narrow back, a long narrow neck? Horses are short and thin. In 1992, a draft of the plan was prepared for public comment, and the public declared that the idea of shooting helicopters did not concern the animal and kept it alive, and preferred the animals that were still alive after being re-released. The secret society felt that shooting is the most humane thing. The secret society believes that shooting is the most humane thing. The kaimanawa horse has a short, deep neck, a wide neck, a long narrow back. Yes, the neck is short, the neck is broad, the neck is wide, the back is narrow. The goal of the kaimanawa horse is to ensure that the public is safe from wild horses, but to allow the public to see the horse and to take care of it with good horses, reducing conflict between the herd and other natural habitats and land use, and keeping the herd in a population that is conducive to the nature and functions of the landscape, and that the herd is held in a population that is in a normal balance and is generally untouched. And there are horses short and thin. If the kaimanawa horse is short, it has a deep neck, a broad neck, a broad chest, a long back. Yes, a long, narrow neck, a broad neck, a long back, a long back, a long back, a short, narrow neck, a wide neck, a long back, a stout neck, a long back, a long neck, a narrow neck, a long back, a long back, a long back, a short neck, a broad neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a short neck, a long neck, a long neck, a long neck, a long neck, a narrow neck, a small neck, a small neck, a narrow neck, a narrow neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a small neck, a short neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a long neck, a short neck, a long neck, a narrow neck, a small neck, a long neck, a small neck, a short neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a narrow neck, a long neck, a narrow neck, and a long neck, but the horse is a little too big, a broad neck, a wide neck, a long neck, and a narrow back. During the year 1992, the commission asked the authorities to investigate the management of the kaimanawa horse, and a few people said that the idea of shooting helicopters would not effected the animal, and they preferred the animals that were alive and have been released. The main reason for strict equilibrium is that the herds are kept in a relatively protected area, which also includes sixteen plant species which are in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. These herds are either taken to slaughter or held for use in slaughterhouses, or adopted by private families. The management of the herd is very strict and the land is protected by sixteen plant species that are at risk of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. These herds are either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses, or adopted by private families. The main reason for this is that the herds are kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen species of plants which are in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. These plants include herbaceous herbs, grasses, sedges, flowers and mistletoes; these are: deschampsia caespitosa (a very rare tussock grass), peraxilla tetrapetala (a vulnerable mistletoe) and libertia peregrinans (a possibly extinct sand iris). It is a lawful operation, and the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen plant species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in a slaughterhouse, or adopted by private families. The main reason for this is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen plant species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is also treated as a very clean area, and there are sixteen species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. These herds are either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. This was mainly because a program of population reduction by shooting was a planned program in 1996; in response to public objection, the shooting was cancelled, and a large-scale adoption program began in 1997. In 1997, a total of about 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the main herd to about 500, and reducing the range to 25@,515 to 75@,560 ha from 70@,560 ha. The head of the herd is a very strict one, and the herd is surrounded by sixteen plant species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in a slaughterhouse or adopted by private families. The herd is also surrounded by sixteen plant species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. This is a very lawful practice, and the herd is surrounded by sixteen plant species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. These herds are either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. Since 1993, the herd has accounted for about two and a half, or about two, or about a hundred horses. The horses are either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. This is because in 1996, the method of population reduction was postponed, and the shooting was not allowed, and a large-scale adoption program began in 1997. In 1997, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the herd to about 500, reducing the range to 25 per cent,515 to 75 per cent,560 ha, from 70 per cent. The other reason is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen species in danger of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The main reason for this is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area and there are sixteen species of plants that are at risk of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in a slaughterhouse or adopted by private families. The management of the herd is very strict, and the land is protected by sixteen species that are at risk of being destroyed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in a slaughterhouse or adopted by private families. This is because, in 1996, the method of population reduction was postponed and shooting was not allowed, and in 1997 a large-scale adoption began. In 1997, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the herd to about 500, and reducing the range to 25 per cent,515 per cent,560 ha, from 70 per cent. The following year, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the main herd to about 500 and reducing the range to 25 per cent,515 per cent,560 ha from 70 per cent. The kaimanawa is especially valuable because they have little contact with humans, and this lack of contact may result in a wild and less domestic animal, which is of particular interest to researchers. These herds are either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. The main reason for this is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen species of plants in danger of being overgrazed by trampling and overgrazing. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. In 1997, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the herd to about 500 and reducing the range to 25 per cent,515 per cent,560 per ha. The second reason is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen species of plants that are in danger of being overgrazed. They are slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. The herd is very strict, and the land is protected by sixteen plant species which are in danger of being overgrazed. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. The head of the herd is a strict one, and the herd is surrounded by sixteen plant species which are in danger of being overgrazed. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. This is because in 1996 the method of population reduction was postponed, and the shooting was not allowed, and a large-scale adoption began in 1997. This is because the method of population reduction was halted and the shooting was not allowed, and a large-scale adoption began in 1997. This is because in 1996 the method of population reduction was postponed, and the shooting was not allowed, and a large-scale adoption began in 1997. In 1997, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables, reducing the herd to about 500, reducing the range to 25 per cent, 5 per cent, 5 per ha. The pigs were either killed or kept in the stables or adopted by private families. The pigs were either slaughtered or kept in the stables or adopted by private families. The pigs were either slaughtered or kept in the stables or adopted by private families. This is because in 1996, the procedure for population reduction was postponed, shooting was not allowed, and in 1997 a large-scale adoption program began. The following year, 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, reducing the herd to about 500 and reducing the range to 25 per cent, 25 per cent, 75 per cent, and 20 per cent. The second reason is that the herd is kept in a relatively protected area, and there are sixteen species in danger of being overgrazed. The herd is either slaughtered or kept in slaughterhouses or adopted by private families. This is because in 1996 the system of population reduction was postponed, and shooting was not allowed, and a large-scale adoption program began in 1997. In 1997, a total of 1,020 horses were taken out of the stables and adopted, This is different from the other wild horse herds, of which there is only one stallion that mates with mares, and other ones have several stallions that sire foals.