 lost Horizons, the second album of the british electronic duo Lemon Jelly, released on 7 October 2002. The album was released by XL Records and produced by nick franglen. Both tracks, Space Walk and Good Weather for Ducks, were the 'pillars' of the album. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on 7 October 2002. The album was released by XL Records, and was produced by nick franglen. The two singles, Space Walk and Good-bye Ducks, were also successful, peaking at number 36 and 16 respectively. In the United Kingdom, lost horizons peaked at number 20 on the official albums chart, whereas in the United States it peaked at number 24 on the billboard's best electronic album'. The album'lost horizons' was nominated for the Mercury Music Prize, and was finally certified gold by the british phonographic industry for sales exceeding 100 lb. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electronic duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records, and the production was done by nick franglen. The singles Space Walk and Good-bye Ducks were also a hit, peaking at number 36 and 16 respectively. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electronic duo Lemon Jelly, were released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records, and was written by nick franglen. The "mustards" opened with "organs," which "take acoustic guitars, flugelhorns, synths, skittering harmonies, a songwriter's harmonica, and... " The Lost Horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was produced by nick franglen. The two singles Space Walk and Good Morning to the Ducks were also successful, reaching number 36 and 16 respectively. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, were released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records, and the production was by nick franglen. The second track, Space Walk, is a re-creation of ed white's space walk of 1965 on the gemini 4 mission. The'mustards' began with 'organs,' which "take acoustic guitars, flugelhorns, synths, spry harmonies, a songwriter's harmonica and... "The song "City Walk" is the 'pillar' of the album. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records, and was written by nick franglen. The song "City Walk" and "Good Weather for Ducks" were also hits, reaching number 36 and 16 respectively. The second track, Space Walk, is a re-recording of Edwin White's 'Space Walk' of 1965. The second track, Space Walk, is a re-recording of the song of Edwin White's 'Space Walk' of 1965. The song "City Walk" is the "pillar" of the album. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was written by nick franglen. The song, 'City Walk' and 'Good-morning Ducks', were also hits, reaching number 36 and 16 respectively. The Lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was written by nick franglen. The songs Space Walk and Good-morning Ducks were also hits, reaching number 36 and 16 respectively. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and produced by nick franglen. The "mustards" opened with "organs," which "take acoustic guitars, flugelhorns, synths, skittering harmonies, a songwriter's harmonica" and... "The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and produced by nick franglen. The two songs, Space Walk and Good-morning Ducks, were also successful, reaching number 36 and 16 respectively. The song "City Walk" is the pillar of the album. The Lost Horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. It was released by XL Records and was produced by nick franglen. The song, City Walk and Good Morning for Ducks, too, hit the number 36 and 16 respectively. The Lost Horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was produced by nick franglen. The Lost Horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was written by nick franglen. The song "City Walk" is the pillar of the album. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was written by nick franglen. The song "City Walk" and "Good-morning" were also hits, reaching 36 and 16 respectively. The song "City Walk" is the pillar of the album. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was written by nick franglen. The "City Walk" and "Good-morning" were hits, reaching 36 and 16 respectively. The song "City Walk" is the pillar. The lost horizons, the second album of the british electro-dialect duo Lemon Jelly, was released on October 7, 2002. The album was released by XL Records and was produced by nick franglen. The second song, Space Walk, is a re-recording of Edwin White's "Space Walk" in 1965. The second song, Space Walk, is the re-recording of Edwin White's "Space Walk" in 1965. , in the order in which they are narrated, the message: ‘The Bushmen see everything’ is repeated midway through the song (from brixton at four minutes ten seconds to San Jose at four minutes 31 seconds) and using the first letter of each place. /sent>The fourth track, ‘Return to Patagonia’, incorporates a mixture of jazz and an orchestral element... The song “Patagonia” is composed with a mixture of jazz and orchestral elements... “The song “Patagonia” is built around a sample based on john langstaff’s song “all the ducks”, which is in the order in which they are narrated, recited from brixton at four minutes ten seconds to San Jose at four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the popular song “All the ducks” – a song based on the popular song “All the ducks” – “eendjes zwemmen in het vleiden” – translated: “all the ducks are swimming in the water”.... The fourth track, “The return to Patagonia” – contains elements of jazz and orchestral elements... The song "Patagonia" is composed of a mixture of jazz and orchestral elements... The fourth track, "The Return to Patagonia" contains elements of jazz and orchestral elements... /sent> the duo had tried to clear langstaff's version for sampling, but they were unable to. In the end, they had ennreitel re- re- re-record the vocal snippet. The song "Patagonia" is composed of a sample of john langstaff's song, all the ducks, which is narrated in the order in which they are narrated (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and based on the popular song All the ducks - "eendjes zwemmen in het vleiden" - translated: "All the ducks are swimming in the water." There was an experimental number six on the album that, as it were, revealed the aftereffects of an unnamed drug to a patient; the recording was taken from a phone, and a doctor’s note was sung about it, describing the ensuing changes of the patient’s mind from one moment to the next, and the final triumph was the striking effect of the “virtue”... “ The lost horizons” was received in a mostly positive light, although several critics criticized the album’s rather passive mellowness. The song “Patagonia” is composed of a sample of john langstaff’s song, “all the ducks”, which is narrated in the order in which they are told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the song “all the ducks”—a song based on the song “all the ducks”—“eendjes zwemmen in het vleiden”—that is, all the ducks are swimming in the water.” The album closes with “the curse of kazar” which is a two-part harmony chorus and a jingle-drum loop. The song “Patagonia” is composed of jazz and orchestral elements... The song “Patagonia” is composed of jazz and orchestral elements... The song “Patagonia” is composed of a sample of john langstaff’s song, “All the ducks,” which is in the order in which they are told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the song “All the ducks,” based on the song “All the ducks” – “eendjes zwemmen in het vleiden,” which is translated: “All the ducks are swimming in the water.” The album ends with “The curse of kazar”, a two-part harmony chorus and a drum-guitar riff. The band “Patagonia” is composed of a sample of john langstaff’s song, “all the ducks,” which is narrated in the order in which they are told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the song “all the ducks” – based on the song “all the ducks” – translated: “all the ducks are swimming in the water.” The fourth track, “Patagonia” contains elements of jazz and orchestral elements... a music critic, who praised the band for approaching electronic music from a new angle, praised: “The duo of allmusic, in collaboration with London-based allmusic, narrates a delightful and slightly obscure mix of lounge pop, delicately crafted instruments, and mellow jazz. The album closes with “the curse of kazar”, a two-part harmony chorus and a jingle drum loop. The song “Patagonia” is composed of a sample of john langstaff’s song, all the ducks, which is narrated in the order in which it is told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the song “all the ducks”—a song based on the song “all ducks”—that is, all ducks are swimming in the water.” And so the album was changed and the tune reverted to the'single.' It ended up with a resounding and re-recording of the vocal. The four-part harmony chorus and drum-guitar reverberate throughout. The song "Patagonia" is composed of a sample of john langstaff's song, all the ducks, which is in the order in which it is narrated (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and based on the song "all the ducks", which is in the order in which it is narrated (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and based on the song "all the ducks", which is based on the song "all the ducks" (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and based on the song "all the ducks" (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and on the song "all the ducks" (from 'all the ducks') which is translated: "all the ducks are swimming in the water. " The "Patagonia" is composed of a sample of john langstaff's song "all the ducks", which is told in the order in which it is told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and on the song "all the ducks" (from 'Bawling' to 'Returning to Patagonia') and is based on the song "all the ducks" (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and on the song "all the ducks" (from 'All the ducks') which is translated: "all the ducks are swimming in the water. " The song "Patagonia" is composed of a sample of john langstaff's song "all the ducks", which is in the order in which it is told (from brixton four minutes ten seconds to San Jose four minutes 31 seconds), and it is based on the song "all the ducks" - eendjes zwemmen in het They are a delightful new talent, in that they use their unique humour to enliven their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... They are a fine new talent, in that they have so freely and cheerfully enliven their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band, and unorthodox samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote, ‘ Everything is friendly and purely crafted, but lost horizons cheats banality with a variety of quirks: the beautiful seven strings, the astronauts chatting, the wide horizons...’ chris dahlen of pitchfork media felt that this album was a little too saccharine at times, but that it was the perfect disc to throw on after a four-bar ultra-hot dub jingle mixes had tucked everyone up into bed. They are a fine new talent, in that they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... they are a fine new talent, because they freely and cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and purely crafted, but lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons...’ chris dahlen of pitchfork media felt that this album was a little too saccharine at times, but that it was the perfect disc to throw on after a four-bar hot dub mix with a six-bar hot dub mix had been thrown down. “Then many reviews referred to “nice weather for ducks” as the album’s highlight. Dahlen described it as the most likeable track on the album and concluded that it is a happy, happy lollipop that nicely sums up this record: sunny, bright and vaguely irritating. “ They are a fine new talent, in that they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band, and unusual samples... They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band, and unconventional samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and purely crafted, but the lost horizons cheats banality with a variety of quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons”... Then several critics considered that the experiment number six did not fit in with the mood of the album... wysel wrote: “When the flugelhorn approaches the song, it’s impossible to believe that there’s anything evil in the world.” Then a few critics noticed that “the good weather for ducks” was the album’s highlights, and Dahlen called it the most likeable track on the album and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop that nicely sums up this album: sunny, bright, and vaguely irritating. They are a fine new talent, because they have so freely and cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but lost horizons cheats banality with various quirks: the beautiful seven strings, the astronauts chattering, the wide horizons... Then many critics noticed that the song was “the good weather for ducks”; Dahlen called it the most likeable track on the album, and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop which well sums up the album: sunny, bright and vaguely annoying. They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band and strange samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and purely crafted, but lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons...” chris dahlen of pitchfork media thought that this album was a little too saccharine at times, but that it was the perfect disc to throw on after a four-bar hot mix with a six-bar hot mix had been thrown down. They are a fine new talent, because they are so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band, and unusual samples... They are a fine new talent, because they are so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band and unconventional samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with various quirks: the beautiful seven strings, the astronauts chattering, the wide horizons... chris dahlen of pitchfork media felt that this album was a little too saccharine at times, but that it was the perfect disc to throw after a four-bar super-hot dub jingle with a six-bar hot dub. Then, many critics said, "The good weather for ducks" was the album's main melody, and Dahlen called it the most likeable song on the album, and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop that best sums up the album: sunny, bright, and vaguely irritating. They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with various quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... and many critics considered that experiment number six did not fit into the mood of the album... wysel wrote: "When the flugelhorn approaches the song it is impossible to believe that there is anything evil in the world"... they are a fine new talent, because they are so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a cheerful mix of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: "Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons..." They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and strange samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats the banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... Then many critics said that "the good weather for ducks" was the main melody, and Dahlen called it the most liked song on the album and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop that best sums up the album: sunny, bright and vaguely irritating. They are a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with various quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... And many critics felt that the experiment number six did not fit the mood of the album... they were a fine new talent, because they have so cheerfully enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unconventional samples... pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... Then a few critics noted that the song “Good weather for ducks” was the album’s main song, and Dahlen called it the most likeable song on the album, and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop which very well sums up the album: sunny, bright and vaguely irritating. “Then many critics took the “Good weather for ducks” as the album’s final track and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop that most effectively sums up the album: sunny, bright and vaguely irritating. They were a fine new talent, because they enlivened their musical tones with a witty mixture of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and pure, but lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: the beautiful seven strings, the astronauts chattering, the wide horizons”... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and pure, but lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: the beautiful seven strings, the astronauts chattering, the wide horizons... “ and many critics thought that experiment number six did not fit the mood of the album. They are a fine new talent, because they enlivened their musical tones with a witty mix of nursery rhymes, brass band and unorthodox samples... Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: “Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons... “ Pascal wyse of the guardian wrote: Everything is friendly and pure, but the lost horizons cheats banality with many quirks: beautiful seven strings, astronauts chattering, wide horizons...” Then many critics said that “the good weather for ducks” was the main melody, and Dahlen called it the most likeable song on the album, and concluded that it was a happy, happy lollipop that nicely sums up the album: sunny, bright, and vaguely irritating. They are a fine new talent, because they cheerfully en I tamed “Space Walk” and “The weather is beautiful for ducks,” which had also succeeded in getting the band into the uk singles charts, at number 36 and 16 respectively. On the 20th of November 2002 the album was certified silver. After I tamed “Space Walk” and “Fair weather is good for ducks” I had managed to get the band on the uk singles charts at number 36 and 16 respectively. I tamed “Space Walk” and “The weather is good for ducks”—which had also been released in the UK at number 36 and 16.