 she is a former model, a former actress and the winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... sri lanka, her home country, represented sri lanka at the 2006 Miss Universe of Sri Lanka.... Jacqueline Fernandez..., born 11 august 1985, is a Sri Lankan actress, former model, and the winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez..., born 11 august 1985, is a Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... sri lanka, her native country, represented her in the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., she was a former model, former actress and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., she was the first woman to appear on stage in Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka 2006... sri lanka, representing Sri Lanka at the 2006 Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez... born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., oh, oh, oh, I want to tell you that a frightful role in mohit suri’s psychological thriller murder 2 was her first commercial success, followed by a golden role in the family comedy full-length satire, House-full 3 (2012 and sequel house-full 3), and a action-thrument in a new thriller of the same name, which is quite successful, all of which are in the box-office. oh, oh, oh, I want to tell you that she had a scary role in mohit suri’s psychological thriller, murder. Then she had a golden role in the family comedy full-length, House-full 3 (2012 and the sequel), and a rehearsed part in a new thriller of the same name. And then she was the first woman to perform on stage in Sri Lanka at the 2006 Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez... – born 11 august 1985 – Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka – Sri Lanka, her country, represented Sri Lanka at the 2006 Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez – born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka – Sri Lanka, representing Sri Lanka at the 2006 Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez – born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... In 2014 she played the leading lady of Sajid Nadiwala’s ‘Kick,’ which was one of the highest-grossing Bollywood movies of all time. Jacqueline Fernandez, born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., she was a former model, former actress, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., she was a former model, former actress, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., he was the first woman to appear on the stage in Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., he was the first woman to represent Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I will tell you that he had a scary role in mohit suri's psychological thriller murder, and then he had a golden role in the family comedy, The House Full of Wulfs, and in the production of The House Full of Wulfs, and in the preparation of a new and very well known drama.... Jacqueline Fernandez..., born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., sri lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez..., sri lanka, her home country, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez..., sri lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., sri lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka..., oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I tell you that in the mohit suri psychological thriller, murder, there was a tremendous success, followed by a golden role in the comedy full-length, Housefull 3, which in 2012 and the sequel were produced, and this piece of action came from a novel of the same name, very successful. Jacqueline Fernandez, born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Sri Lanka, the country of her native country, represented her in the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, the country of her native country, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, born 11 august 1985, Sri Lankan actress, former model, and winner of the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, o Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fernandez, Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe of Sri Lanka... Jacqueline Fern , although she was a television journalist, she received a good job in the modelling industry, in consequence of her pageant success..... A year later, in the Miss Universe Sri Lanka, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka, represented Sri Lanka at the world Miss Universe 2006 held in Los angeles. In 2006, she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe 2006 pageant held in the los angeles..... she was a dancer and a journalist, although she was a journalist, she made a good career in the modeling industry.... In a 2015 interview with the journalist, fernandez described the modeling industry as a good training ground and said: “it is a medium for shedding your inhibitions, knowing your body, confidence. she was a dancer and a journalist, though she was a journalist, she made a good career in the modeling world. In 2006 she won the title of Miss Universe Sri Lanka, and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los angeles. In the year following she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka, and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los angeles. She studied acting under the tutelage of Barry john, and auditioned successfully for the role of the heroine riteish deshmukh, a character based on the character of the princess jasmine. In the year following, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka, and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles.... In the year after, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka, and she represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los Angeles..... In a 2015 interview with the journalist, fernandez called the modelling industry a good training ground and said: “it is a medium for dropping inhibitions, knowing one’s body and confidence.” The year after, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka, and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los Angeles. In the year after, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los Angeles.... she was a dancer and journalist, but she was a journalist, she made a good career in the modeling world... She studied drama under Barry john’s tutelage, and auditioned for the role of riteish deshmukh, the character of the princess Jasmine. In 2006 she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. She won the title of Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. The year after, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the following year, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the following year, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist, but she made a good career in the modeling world. In 2010, he appeared opposite deshmukh in the science fiction romantic comedy Jaanekahanse, which was based on the real life of the princess jasmine. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist, and made a good career in the modeling world. In a 2015 interview with the journalist, fernandez called the modeling world a good training ground, saying: “It is a medium for shedding inhibitions, knowing your body and your confidence. And the year after that she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe Los Angeles. The following year she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe Los Angeles. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist and had a good career in the modeling world. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist and had a good career in the modeling world. In a 2010 movie, she played opposite the character of the princess, a performance of which she has no aversion. The actress, appearing opposite the actress, was a story of life and love in jasmine. She studied drama under Barry johns' tutelage and auditioned for the role of riteish deshmukh, the character of the princess Jasmine. In the following year, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los Angeles. She won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe pageant in Los Angeles. The following year, she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In a 2015 interview with the journalist, Fernandez called the modeling industry a good learning ground and said: “It is a medium for acquitting inhibitions, knowing one’s body and confidence. She was a dancer and a journalist, but a journalist, and a good career in the modeling world. In the year after she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. The following year she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after that she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after that, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after that, she was crowned Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. In the year after, she was elected Miss Universe Sri Lanka and Miss Universe Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. She studied drama under Barry johns’ tutelage and was auditioned for the role of the heroine riteish deshmukh, a character based on the life of the Princess Jasmine. In a drama class in 2010, she performed opposite the princess and was very happy in the role. She studied drama under Barry johns and auditioned for the role of the heroine riteish deshmukh, the character of the Princess Jasmine. The year after that she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. The year after that she won the Miss Universe Sri Lanka and represented Sri Lanka at the Miss Universe in Los Angeles. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist and made a good career in the modeling world. In a 2010 film she played opposite the princess, a performance that she was a good one. She was a dancer and a journalist, but she was a journalist and made a good career in the modeling world. In a 2015 interview with the journalist, Fernandez called the modeling industry a good training ground, saying: “It is a medium for releasing inhibitions, knowing your body and your confidence.” ... “Dhanno” in the song ” dhanno” in the film ” Dhanno ”, he played the part of priya, a lonely model who has an out-of-control relation with Arjun Bhagwat (a character played by emraan hashmi)... ... in the song, dhanno, in the film, dhanno, he played priya, a lonely, unruly woman, who had an out of control affair with Arjun Bhagwat (an emraan hashmi played by Emraan Hashmi).... and then he came to appear in the troupe comedy housefull, with akshay kumar, john abraham, and asin.... ”, the people of that time thought she was a tasty creature but said that her affair with hashmi was “a little bit richer than anything”.... “But if you take it into your head,” he said, “it was like half-burnt bread, if you take it in your mouth, you will have your own... ” "... " - In the song "dhanno", in the film dhanno, he played the part of a lonely, unruly woman, in an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (a character portrayed by emraan hashmi).... " But when you take it into your head," he said, "it was like half-cooked bread, if you take it in your mouth, you will have your own... " - And he ended up with the comedy "Emraan Hashmi", with a quartet, with a prabhat, a kaprati, a chap, a lonely model, and a lover of Arjun Bhagwat (A Emraan Hashmi), a person in whom they thought that she was a good creature, but that "it was a little richer in the affair with Hashmi." " "In the song dhanno", in the film dhanno, he played the role of a miserable, unruly woman, a husband-to-be with Arjun Bhagwat (a character played by Emraan Hashmi). " But if you take it into your head," he said, "it was like half-baked bread, if you take it in your mouth, you will have it. " - and in the movie dhanno, he played the part of a man who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (a character played by Emraan Hashmi).... The people of that time thought her a good creature, but they thought that "it was a little richer with her affair with Hashmi."... but he had the good luck to get into the club for the month of April, the best acting honor at the 14th iifa awards.... - In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a lonely, a woman who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (as he played by Hashmi).... and then he appeared in the quartet comedy of four, with a prabhat, a kaprati, a valet, a peasant, a lonely model and a lover of Arjun Bhagwat (as he played by Emraan Hashmi). In that time they considered her a good creature, but argued that she was "a little richer" with Hashmi. At that time, he was thought to be a nice creature, but that it was a little richer with her for it. " In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played priya, a lonely and unruly woman, who was in an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (a character of emraan hashmi).... and in the film dhanno he played the part of priya, a lonely, unruly woman, who was in an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (a character of emraan hashmi).... but he had the good fortune to get into the club for the month of April, the best actor of the 14th iifa competition. In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a pampered, unruly woman, who was in love with Arjun Bhagwat (the character of emraan hashmi).... but when he thought about it, he said, it was like half-baked bread, if you took it into your mouth, you’ll have it. In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a pampered, unruly woman who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (a character of emraan Hashmi)..... But when you think about it, it’s like half-baked bread, if you take it into your mouth, you’ll have it. ” In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a poor and unruly woman who was in love with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi). In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a poor and unruly woman who was in love with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi). In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a lonely, a ruly woman, who was in love with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi). In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a ruly, a ruly woman, who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi). But he thought, he said, it was like half-baked bread, if you took it into your mouth, you will have it. " In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a ruly, unruly woman who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi).... But when he thought about it, he said, it was like half-baked bread, if you take it into your mouth, you will have it.... - In the song dhanno, in the film dhanno, he played the part of priya, a solitary, unruly woman, who had an affair with Arjun Bhagwat (played by Emraan Hashmi).... she kept her real voice for the first time in a kick... While Sneha may francis said she is “a marvellous creature, moving like a bird”, raja sen of rediff... In fact, she kept a voice that seemed to be telling. “The film received mixed reviews, but it had over a sneha’s worth of worldwide revenue of 3——75 billion—the highest grossing film in the world,” said Raja Sen. com, who said that her idiocy was “ill-fated”... But she said that the film ‘mistakes’ to be a lot of uproar and over-confidence, which caused it to be called a film of a lowly sort. ___, who said that it was a "tragic piece of action, which moves like a bird... In fact, she kept a sound that seemed to be saying something. Even though Sneha francis described her as a 'fair-looking, jolly woman', raja Sen, whose real voice was distinctly heard. While she was praised by Sneha for her eccentricity, she said that she "hided" her real voice for the first time in a jerk. " The film established Fernandez as one of the most popular bollywood actresses.... In 2015, Fernandez was included in the vicky singh's roy, a romantic drama, which critic Sarita Tanwar called "unusual, exhausting, and vulgar. " And though Sneha praised her for her eccentricity, she said she “hide” her voice for the first time in a sudden shake.... The film won mixed reviews, but the film made three-five billion in worldwide sales, and was hailed as the “largest picture of the year” in the world,” said Raja Sen. She claimed to be “a marvellous creature, moving like a bird”... But she said the film was “simply a mistake,” and that it was a ‘tragic picture of the world’. “ She kept her voice to the point of retelling.” Fernandez made an impression on the public with her character, ayesha aamir, a filmmaker in love with a third actor (by Arjun Ramal), and tia desai, a girl in love with a thief (played by ranbir kapoor).. “And yet she kept her voice to the point of telling. And though Sneha exclaimed that her eccentricity was “ill-conceived,” she remarked that she “hided” her voice for the first time in a jerk. The film had a mixed reception, but it had made three-quarters of a billion in worldwide circulation, and it was a ‘tragic piece of film” that got called a mere “silly film. “ Then he recited his recitation of the original. But he recited it in a loud and insistent voice. The film had a mixed reception, but it made three-five billion in worldwide circulation, which was called the "largest picture of the year" in the world," said Raja Sen. " Her voice seemed to be telling. " However, she could be regarded by Sneha as a sly, lively and intelligent woman. But he told them that "it was a mistake that had happened," and that it was a "tragic film." The film won mixed reviews, but it had three-quarters of a billion worldwide circulation and was a "tragic film" that was called a "blue film. " She said that the film was 'a mistake' and that it was a 'tragic film'. While Sneha said that her eccentricity was "ill-conceived", she said that she "hided" her voice in the first shock. Besides, Sneha said that she "hided" her voice for the first time. Fernandez showed herself in a role of love between two young lovers, Ayesha Amir, who was in love with the third actor (Arjun Ramal) and Tada desai, a girl who was in love with a thief (played by ranbir Kapoor), and she said she was "a great person, a great person," but "it was wrong," she said, "and the film was "overcome" and "disaster"... But Sneha said her eccentricity was "ill-conceived", she said she "hided" her voice for the first time in a sudden stir... " For this reason she had a strange and unusual voice. Sneha exclaimed that her strange voice was ‘ill-conceived’, but said that she had ‘hided’ her voice for the first time in a jerk. ‘ But Sneha exclaimed that it was ‘a blunder’ and that it was ‘a blunder’. The film had mixed reviews, but it had a circulation of three-quarters of a billion and was called a ‘tragic film’, which Sneha referred to as ‘a very sad film’. Despite this, however, she was regarded by Sneha as a sly, lively, intelligent woman. She said she was a ‘gorgeous creature, moving like a bird’. But she said that the film was ‘an error,’ that it was a ‘tragic’ film and ‘a very sad film’. Fernandez showed off to the public by her character, Ayesha Amir, a film-maker in love with a third actor (Arjun Ramal), and a young girl, Tada Dhiya, who was in love with a thief (played by Ranbir Kapoor), said that she was ‘a magnificent woman,’ and ‘a fine girl,’ but that ‘it was wrong’, and the film was ‘lost’ and that ‘it was a sad film’. Even though Sneha, though she was praised for her eccentricity, said she had ‘seen’ her voice for the first time in a jerk. But Sneha, though he told them that her voice was ‘a mess’, said that she had ‘seen’ her voice for the first time in a jerk.’ And although Sneha exclaimed that her eccentricity was ‘ill-conceived’, she said that she had ‘seen’ her voice for the first time in a jerk. She was known to be “a marvellous creature, moving like a bird”... But although she was praised by Sneha for her eccentricity, she said she “hided” her voice for the first time in a twitch... In fact, her voice seemed to be telling. Sneha said that her eccentricity was “ill-conceived,” but that she “hided” her voice for the first time in a twitch. But Sneha said that her eccentricity was “ill-conceived,” and that it was a “tragic” film, which she called “a tragic film”. “Her voice seemed to say something.” She was impressed on the public with her character, Ayesha Amir, a film-maker in love with a third actor (Arjun Ramal), and a girl, Tada Dhiya, who was in love with a thief (played by Ranbir Kapoor): “And even though Sneha exclaimed that her voice was “ill-conceived,” she exclaimed that she “hided” her voice for the first time. “But Sneha exclaimed that her eccentricity was “ill-conceived,” and that she “hided” her voice for the first time in a jerk. However, Sneha considered her “remarkable” and “tragic”—“and although Sneha said it was “a blunder,” she said that it was “a blunder” and that it was a blunder. Yet Sneha also considered her “dead” and that it was “a blunder.” In 2015, Fernandez was featured in the popular drama “The Princess of Amethya,” “which was executed by the young filmmaker Arjun Ramal,” and a young girl, Tada Davagi, who was in love with a thief (played by Ranbir Kapoor) and said she was “a magnificent woman” and “a fine girl,” but “it was wrong,” she said, “and the film was ‘failed” and ‘that’s what it is”; while Sneha, although she was praised for her eccentricity, said that she had " However, he said that it was "a mistake," and that it was "a tragedy." However, the remark made by the remark was "a mistake," and it was "a tragedy". She said that the remark was "ill-conceived", but she said that she "hided" her voice for the first time. The remark was not well-conceived, but she said that "he hid" the voice for the first time. Although Sneha was praised for his remark, she said that she "hided" her voice for the first time. She said that "a wonder" and "moves like a bird. " She said that the film was "a mistake" and "a "tragic" film. She was said to be "a great woman, a great person", but "it was wrong," and the film was "lost," and "in a sad film." However, Sneha was praised for her remark, but she said "she hid" her voice for the first time. But Sneha said that it was "strange" and "strange", but "strange",'strange', 'terror', 'a tragic film, "but he said that it was a mistake" and "a shame" ; he said that "mistake" and "a shame"; but he said that it was a mistake, and a "mistake", 'it is tragic and a sad film. " The starred actress ayesha amir, a director in love with the third actor, Arjun Ramal, and a young girl, Tada Dhiya, who loves a thief (played by Ranbir Kapoor), says that she is "a great man and a good woman", but that it is "strange" and that it is "over" and "dead" and "nothing"; and even though Sneha praised her for her eccentricity, she said that she "hided" her voice for the first time." And although Sneha said that it was "ill-conceived", she said that she "hided" However, she was praised for her eccentricity, but she said that she “hided” her voice for the first time. However, Sneha said that her eccentricity was ‘ill-conceived’, but she said that she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time in a twitch. Moreover, Sneha said that her eccentricity was ‘ill-conceived’, but that she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time in a twitch. She had the most popular voice in the world. However, Sneha said that it was ‘ill-conceived’, but that she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time in a twitch. Despite Sneha’s praise for her eccentricity, she said that she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time. The movie had mixed reviews, but it had three-quarters of a billion in worldwide circulation and was ‘trouble-eyed’, ‘which Sneha termed a ‘tragic’ film. But Sneha said it was ‘strange’, ‘strange’, ‘trouble-eyed’, ‘and although Sneha said her voice was ‘ill-conceived’, she said she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time. However, Sneha regarded her as ‘a very merry, joyous, and eloquent woman’; she was ‘a most merry,’ ‘moving like a bird’; while Sneha praised her for her eccentricity, she said she ‘hided’ her voice for the first time in a twitch; and although Sneha said it was ‘unplanned’, she said it was ‘unplanned’ and that it was ‘a very merry film’. Nevertheless, she was regarded by Sneha as a sly, lively and intelligent woman; she was described as ‘a marvellous, moving like a bird’; but Sneha said it was ‘a mistake’ and ‘a blunder’. The film had mixed reviews, but it had three-quarters of a billion worldwide and was called a ‘tragic’ film, which Sneha ... English crime drama, according to mathew, and the horror-thriller, defined as fear, that marks her debut in hollywood. Fernandez is related to the family, and admits to missing them.... Her astrology and other work are... I feel... my personal life and my other things......'dafa...' [38] and a chinese movie, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan, and jackiechan... ... English thrillers—from Mathew, and from horror films, which she plans to appear in hollywood. Fernandez is a relative of the family, and admits to missing them... she says. “I miss them so much every day... that I’m struggling with my own life, my other affairs. I feel. My personal life and my personal affairs are... ” At the same time, being away from them has taught me a lot about myself, about my priorities and my time management.’ Fernandez’s relative, the family, admits that she is losing them. ‘I miss them so much every day... that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my own life and my personal affairs...’ [quote]... English thrillers, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she intends to appear in hollywood. Her astrology and other occupations are... I feel... my personal life and my personal affairs... ”[quote]... “Dafa [quote]” and a chinese movie which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan, and jackiechan... Fernandez is a relative of the family and admits to having been absent... Fernandez’s relatives and family admitted she was a lost cause, saying, ‘I miss them so much every day... that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my own life and my personal affairs...’ ’Dafa’ and a chinese movie, which will star abhay deol, amitabh bachchan, and jackiechan... English thrillers according to Mathew and horror films which she plans to make a great success in Hollywood. Her astrology and other work are... I feel... my personal life and my other affairs...’ ’Dafa’ and a chinese film, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan and jackiechan... English horror films according to Mathew and horror films, which she intends to make a great success in Hollywood. Fernandez’s family, by the way, admits that she is being absent. ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs. I feel... my own life and my personal affairs’. Fernandez’s relative, the family, has confessed that she is missing them... she says. ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... My personal life and my personal affairs... "Mathy, Mathew, and Horror Films," which she intends to show in Hollywood. Fernandez's family, by the way, admits to being absent. " I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my own life and my personal affairs...." Fernandez's family, by the way, admits to having been absent. "I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my own life and my personal affairs... " Fernandez's family has admitted that she is absent. "I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my personal life and my personal affairs... " English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she intends to appear in Hollywood. Besides acting in films, fernandez has helped many charities and philanthropic causes. Besides, he has also assisted in charitable causes and in numerous causes. Fernandez's family has admitted that she is missing... “Dafa” and a chinese movie, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan and jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she intends to appear in Hollywood. Fernandez's family, by the way, admits that she is absent... “I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my own life, with my other affairs... I feel... my personal life and my personal affairs... Besides, he has helped in numerous charitable efforts. Fernandez's family, in addition, admits that she is absent... "Dafa" and a chinese film, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan and jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she will make a great success in Hollywood. Fernandez's family admits that she is absent... "I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs... " Fernandez's family admits that she is absent... "I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs... " And, by the way, Fernandez's family admits that she is absent... "Dafa" and a chinese film, which will star abhay deol, amitabh bachchan, jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she plans to make a great success in Hollywood. Fernandez's family, on the other hand, admits that she is absent... "I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs... -" - "Dafa... and a chinese movie, which will have abhay deol, amitabh bachchan and jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she will play in Hollywood. Besides, he has also helped charities and innumerable causes. In 2011, on behalf of people who are ethical to animals (peta), she wrote a letter to the mayor of mumbai asking for an end to the horse-riding. Fernandez's family admitted that she is absent. " I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my personal life and my personal affairs..." Fernandez's family admits that she is absent. "I miss them so much every day Also, Fernandez’s family admits she’s absent... ‘Dafa’ and a chinese film, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan, and jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she intends to perform in Hollywood. Fernandez’s family admits she’s absent... ‘Dafa’ and a chinese film, which will feature abhay deol, amitabh bachchan and jackiechan... English horror, according to Mathew, and horror films, which she intends to play in Hollywood. Fernandez’s family admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ Fernandez’s family admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ Fernandez’s family, by the way, admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ Fernandez’s family, on the other hand, admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ Fernandez’s family, on the other hand, admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ Fernandez’s family, on the other hand, admits that she’s absent... ‘I miss them so much every day that I struggle with my life, with my other affairs... I feel... my life and my personal affairs...’ In march 2016, she was part of the "Jacqueline build" campaign which helped the victims of the floods of the summer of 2015. Fernandez also participated in several concerts and attended the awards. In the month of June, 2014, he opened a restaurant in colombo called "Kaema sutra," a joint venture of dharshan munidasa, who specialises in contemporary sri lankan cuisine. In 2013, he performed at the temptations of Reloaded, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji, and madhuri dixit. In 2014, he also performed at the festival of the "Jacqueline Build" in auckland, in perth, in sydney, with khan, priyanka chopra and varun dhawan. In June 2014, he opened a restaurant in colombo, called kaema sutra, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, a specialist in sri lanka cuisine. Fernandez also participated in concerts and attended the awards. In the month of June 2014, he opened a restaurant in colombo called "Kaema Sutra" with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. He was invited to a parade of Jacqueline builds, which was held in the summer of 2015. Earlier in the year, she was introduced to gareth pugh, a designer of forevermark diamonds, and had been the face of the grand opening of the everlasting 21 shop in maharashtra. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called "Kaema sutra", in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, who is an expert in the sri lankan cuisine. In the year of 2013, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline build, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji, and madhuri dixit. In the year of 2013, he also performed at the festival of Jacqueline build, in auckland, in perth, in sydney, with khan, priyanka chopra and varundhawan. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the town called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the town called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, who is a master in the cuisine of the sri lanka region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in Kaimana called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in colombo called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef of the region of Sri Lanka. In 2013, he performed at the temptation of Reloaded, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji and madhuri dixit. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, who is an expert in the sri lanka cuisine. In the year of 2013, he performed at the festival of Kaimana, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji and madhuri dixit. In the year of 2013, he performed at the festival of Kaimana, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji and madhuri dixit. The June 15th, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a master in the cuisine of the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in colombo called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, who is an expert in sri lanka cuisine. In the year of 2013, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline, in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji and madhuri dixit. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, in collaboration with chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef in the Sri Lankan Region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a famous chef in the Sri Lankan Region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in colombo called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the Sri Lankan Region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the colony called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region. In 2013, he performed at the temptation of Reloaded, in auckland, perth and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji, madh In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the town called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the town called Kaimana, in collaboration with Chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in the region of Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the town called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef in Sri Lanka. In 2013, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji and madhuri dixit. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef in the Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef in the Sri Lanka. In 2013, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline in auckland, perth, and sydney, with shah rukh khan, rani mukerji, and madhuri dixit. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with Chef dharshan munidasa, a great chef in the Sri Lankan region. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with chef dhar In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the town of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the town of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the town of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the city of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the town of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the city of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the city of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the city of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In 2013, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline, in auckland, perth, and sydney, shah rukh khan, rani mukerji, madhuri dixit. In the month of June he opened a restaurant in the city of Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a renowned chef in Sri Lanka. In June, he opened a restaurant in the city called Kaimana, with chef dharshan munidasa, a famous chef in Sri Lanka. In July, he performed at the festival of Jacqueline, in auckland , grazia, elle, verve, harper's, women's health, and l'official...