usually , he would be running around the living room , playing with his toys . but just one look at a movie made him go insane . that had been megan ' s plan when she got him knocked up . he ' d seen the movie almost by accident , considering he was a little young for the pg cartoon , but with older cousins , along with her parents , mason was often exposed to things that were scary . she liked to think being surrounded by parents and little siblings was the reason why he was a such a big boy for his age . ` ` ' n ' t you been a good boy ? ' ' she said . mason barely heard her . instead , his baby eyes were focused on the screen . since the movie was almost over , megan knew she should slip into the bathroom and finish getting ready . every time she looked into mason ' s face , she was reminded that he looked just like his father . his sandy blond hair and blue eyes were completely hers . it was in his build that he was modeled after his father . where megan was a diminutive 5 ' 9 ' ' , mason was 6 ' 1 ' ' and two hundred pounds . mason was already first on the charts in height and weight according to his pediatrician . davis had beenhe died twice in his lifetime - the day he had been born and the day he came home from the hospital . after that , davis had n ' t been mentioned in any of the texts and emails megan sent . with his professional football career on the line , davis had n ' t wanted to be left with the responsibility of his father . instead , he wanted to spend his time off the field partying until all hours of the night . he only paid child support when megan called to have his check garnished . she dreaded the day when he was old enough to ask about his father . she never wanted anything in the world to hurt him , and she knew that being raised by his father would . with a sigh , she stepped into the dress and slid it over her head . wrestling around to get the dress all the way up caused her to huff and puff . standing back from the mirror , she turned to and fro to take in her appearance . she ' d always loved how the dress made her feel sexy , but at the same time was very respectable . while it had a low cut , the hemline fell just below her knees . she put on her heels - a high school graduation gift from her uncle aidan , ' ` ` ankle ' ' ,as she always called him . aidan was her mother ' s baby brother and only son of the family . when she was born , she was only eight and a half . as the first child , megan spent a lot of time with her mother , and that in turn , meant she spent a lot of time with aidan . he had devoted hours to holding her and treating her rotten . when it came time for her to talk , she just could n ' t seem to get ` ` ` aidan ' ' out . so , she called him ` ` noah . ' ' it was a nickname that had stuck with him even now that he was twenty - five and married . although there had been no question that she wanted him as godfather for mason , she had been so honored when he and his wife , emma , had asked her to be their son , noah ' s , godfather . she loved her baby brother very much and wanted to be the best mother she could for him . as she stepped out of the bedroom , she noticed that noah had yet to wake . ` ` hey noah , time to go . ' ' when he started to whine , she shook her head . ` ` we have such a fun day ahead of us . where ' s your' s okay , and then there ' s a party at uncle aidan and aunt emma ' s house . ' ' ` ` beau ? ' ' he asked . she nodded . ` ` yeah , you ' ll get to see and play with him , too . ' ' as she walked to the car and picked him up , she could couldn ' t help finding it amusing that out of everyone she was going to meet tonight , he was most excited about playing with aidan and emma ' s new dog , beau . one day when they had their own place together , she would buy him a dog . he loved them too much to be denied . ` ` oomph , ' ' she said , as they started up the basement stairs . ` ` heawy ? ' ' he laughed . ` ` oh , you ' re going to be such a big , heavy baby . ' ' when they made it to the door , megan stopped to catch her breath . she only had a minute before her parents walked in with sean , and her youngest brother , gavin . ` ` ready ? ' ' she asked . megan nodded . feeling like she was once again a teenager , she trailed behind her parents as they walked into the house . ` ` i want to go , ' ' gavinsaid . with a grin , sean said , ` ` like i ' m gon # ##b you in my car . ' ' he then slid into the driver ' s seat as gavin reluctantly walked around to the passenger ' s side . ` ` we ' ll meet you there in just a minute , ' ' her mother said . sean acknowledged her with a two finger salute before backing up and pulling into the driveway .