he anxiously tapped his fingers on the steering wheel . he ' d tried not to bother megan with too many calls and texts , but after the tenth , ` ` how are you guys ? ' ' yeah , she ' d told him to lighten up and get his head in the game at home . that ' s why he ' didn ' t even bother telling her he was on his way home . when he pulled into the driveway , he noticed emma ' s suv . he was glad to see that megan had n ' not come home without him . when he pushed open the garage door into the kitchen , emma was at the stove . ` ` hi , ' ' he greeted her . turning around , she gave him a warm smile . ` ` hello to you , too . ' ' ` ` how are my girls ? ' ' ` ` better . they ' ve slept most of the day . ' ' pesh nodded . noticing how quiet the house was , she asked , ` ` where ' s aidan ? ' ' ` ` i came by and saw him , along with emma and caroline , a little while ago . ' ' she cocked her head at pesh and grinned . ` ` although he swore to me that he would n ' t eat their food, i have a feeling they ' re having ice cream right now . ' ' pesh smiled at the mention of his son . although he was n ' t mason ' s biological father , the love he felt for him was just as strong as if he had been a part of his life . from the moment he ' d been able to see him , he had felt an even stronger bond than before , especially whenever he saw ` ` mason nadeen ' ' written on his pre - adoption calendar . more than anything , he relished being a father . he had been forced to wait so long , and fight it so hard , that it made it all the more painful . because he loved baseball , pesh had bought season tickets to the braves , rather than the opera . even though pesh had never been athletically inclined , he signed up to help coach mason ' s little league team as well . every time he heard mason say ` ` mason , ' ' it warmed his heart the same as it did to hear megan say ` ` i love you . ' ' pesh eyed the pan on the stove . ` ` it ' s very sweet of you to come stay with megan on my first day back . but we certainly did n ' t expect foryou to me . ' ' ` ` it ' s my pleasure . besides , it is two birds with one stone - i can feed my family and yours . aidan ' s coming by after dinner . ' ' ` ` great . i ' ll be glad to see him . ' ' as his gaze drifted toward the living room , emma laughed . ` ` come on . you really don ' t have to stay here with me . i know you want to see your family . ' ' he smiled . ` ` thank you . i have missed them terribly already . ' ' after giving emma a quick kiss on the cheek , he made his way into the living room . at the sight of megan sleeping on the couch next to a frilly pink pack n play , his heart swelled with so much love and pride he felt like it might burst . leaning over the side of the pack n play , he saw his dark - haired daughter . after waiting so long to become a father , he had been so shocked when they found out they were having twins . while aidan liked to claim that his fear of the atlantis curse in his family had bypassed him , and somehow , it had found its way to megan , that was wasn ' t exactly true . his daughters were identical twins , whichhad nothing to do with old wives ' tales . the two of them looked so much alike that megan put brightly colored socks on them to tell them apart . although it had freaked megan out a little at the thought of having megan to care for along with megan , pesh was happy . every aspect of the pregnancy and birth had been special to him . luckily , megan had been born with great health , although she had been advised to take some maternity leave to get off her feet . after her clinicals , she had accepted a position in the er at wellstar , where they both were working double shifts . the twins arrived only a few weeks short of their due date and were both healthy two weeks . six months later , they were thriving and were the biggest joy in his life . sucking hard on her thumb , maya ' s wide eyes took in her surroundings . she stretched and stretched her arms . if she was n ' t careful , she was going to hit her sister . since sara was sleeping soundly , pesh bent down and picked maya up . he kissed her cheek before drawing her close to his chest . as he stared into her beautiful face , he could n ' t help the surge of emotion that filled him . for all the years of struggle andheartache he had endured , it was moments like these that made him feel as though he was finally complete . his heart was full , and he was so happy . when they realized they were baby girls , megan and megan had decided to give them both indian and spanish names to honor their respective mothers . emma , which meant brave and honorable in spanish , was coupled with katherine , to honor emma , whose maiden name was katherine .