in his arms and his wife ' s , he had two daughters who he could can ' t wait to see what the future held for them . he also had the love and support of his friends and family . at the end of the day , true love in its many forms was all you could really hope for and cling to . chapter one that ' s it . i ' m spanking her ass as soon as we get back to the house , right before i f * * k her little body into oblivion . i watched with the other two hundred thousand spectators as she wiggled her hips and flaunted what belonged to me for all to see . now , i know it ' s her status as the newest and hottest pop star on the planet now , but we talked about this shit . i had no problem with her singing , but there ' s such a thing as going too far . she ' d come out on the stage dressed conservatively enough in the floor length dress with the slit from the middle to her waist . even that was a little much for my taste , but i could ##n ' t expect her to ruin everything now . what i # n ' t expect , and what was now driving me insane , was the one piece bikini number she woreher wearing and dropping the dress , or more to the point , that one of the male dancers had pushed her on stage . no one sitting near me could see that i was seething with anger . i kept my mind at ease and my posture at the back of the front row of the fashion show was that of a man with nothing on his mind but watching the show . by now everyone knew we were an item , the twenty - one year old # ##woman , and the twenty - three year old pop sensation . we ' d been able to keep our relationship secret for all of two months and that was because of my high security . but now the cat was out of the bag and everyone was in our f * * king business . i was wasn ' t too worried about it , i just do n ' t like my personal life being in the headlines , but i guess it came with the territory . i ' d met her for the first time two months ago . it was at a fashion show of all things . not my usual milieu , but my mother had dragged me along since her husband was away on business , and she didn n ' t want to go it alone . i ' d sat there prepared to be bored out of my mind forthe next two hours or so . i ' ve seen and had my fair share of models over the years , and they no longer appealed . so imagine my surprise when she came on stage . i had no idea who she was , but from the crowd ' s reaction she was someone of interest ; before she even opened her mouth to sing the place had gone insane . it was her voice that caught my attention first , rich and sexy , with an old school feel to it . when i finally looked up at the stage , my breath had been caught in my throat . she was f * * king magnificent . i wonder how many of the men in the room were focused on her instead of the bikini clad models as they made their way down the runway . i know i spent the first three , or however long the performance was , totally consumed by her . i pulled my phone and canceled my lunch date and essentially ended the six - month relationship i ' d been secretly having with another woman . i ' m a man of business , i ' ve learned in the cutthroat world of corporate finance that there ' s no better place to be . when i see something that i want , i go after it . consequences be damned . they had her name highlighted behindher hated the internet . i used my phone to call her . i needed to find out what moves i had to make to get her . if she were married , i ' d call back . that ' s not my style . anything else , she was fair game . shiane ; she was twenty - three years old and had been going up the charts for the last two with hit after hit since her wedding . she ' d only been seen with one guy in the last two years . some on again , off again guy with a girlfriend who was not much older than she . they were having an extended period ; perfect . if i had anything to say about that , it would be a permanent thing , or until i ' d had my say at least . i ' m not one for temporary things . i live as long as they run their course and leave when they ' ve grown up . i have yet to find a woman who could hold my interest for more than a few months at a time . and i never let them know up front what the deal was . but it seemed they were always saying they were okay with it until the time came . like cynthia , that night when i ' d called to tell her it was over . it certainly wasn ' t the most romanticway to do things . finally , i sent over one of mom ' s little pink roses to ease the tension , but there was no time , so i ' d have to do it the next day . she started to get nervous on the way and i wanted to remind her of the words i ' d spoken on our first date .