she was n ' t very good , but it would have to do . as much of a bastard as i am , the idea of pursuing one woman while embroiled with another , just did n ' t suit me . after the phone call , i ' d sat there and watched the beautiful white clothe - horses as they pranced up and down the stage . there was already a buzz about the beautiful blonde starlet who ' d just left the stage , and i laughed quietly to myself when i heard the guy behind me tell his friends that he was ready to make his move . the dj said she had one more song before the end of the show , so i sat there and waited . when she came out the second time , i actually shot up in my seat . my back was n ' t the only thing that went ramrod straight . while i did don ' t appreciate the comments from the other men around me that night , i had to admit that she was f * * king hot , every one of them i claimed . she was dressed pretty much like one of the models ; and she ' d matched the panties and bra set with a see - through silk robe that would ##n ' t leave much to the imagination . shelike everyone else and it helped that she still had a body . she was all smooth curves , and her legs , i could already feel , were between them as i f * * ked her . whether by providence , or fate , as you ' na ##rk it , our eyes met , and in that split second i saw all i needed to see . i do don ' t think anyone else saw the slight misstep in her step , or heard the tremble in her voice , but so finely tuned was i , that i did n ' t miss a beat . chapter 2 i waited until her number was called and the last call for the models came through the pa . then i made my way to my sister , who thankfully , was involved in a conversation with the girl on her other side so was ain ' t paying me much attention , and so ' n ' t ##was my business . ` ` i ' ll be right back then , there ' s something i need to take care of . i made my way backstage the way i do most things ; like i owned the place . passing scantily clad women and naked men , i ignored their hungry gazes as i kept my eyes peeled for that mass of cascading hair . she was close to theside surrounded by a bevy of people who were trying to hustle her through the crowd to the back . i made my way towards them and grabbed her hand . she looked back and forth and in her eyes i saw fear . she turned to the other guy next to her and whispered something before releasing me . she seemed to ' t really have a choice as i had no intentions of releasing my hold on her . as soon as i found an empty room , which turned out to be some sort of storage room , i did something i could ##n ' t recall having ever done before , but had been wanting to for that last hour or so . crowding her back against the door to keep it open , i held her there as i lowered my mouth to hers . licking at her lips , i found the taste of her suddenly intoxicating . i pushed one leg between hers and pulled her body in close as i fed her my tongue . ` ` ' you ' re here . ' ' i whispered from her lips to her ear . ` ` you ' re coming home with me . ' ' ` ` i ca n ' t . . . . ' ' i buried my hands in her hair , pulling her head back . ` ` whatever it is that you 'not about to say wo don ' t make a difference . feel this . ' ' she pressed her chest against her own racing heart . ` ` now feel this . ' ' lifting her i pressed my c * * k into the apex of her thighs where i could feel her wet pu * * y through the fabric of her panties . ` ` do you get that ? that means that no one and nothing is going to stand in the way of me and you . we do n ' t have to f * * k anymore , but you ' re staying in my bed . ' ' she seemed surprised by my approach and laid her head against my chest . i took the opportunity to call my sister and make my excuses . ` ` sis , i ' m sending a car for you , something came up and i have to go . ' ' we said our goodbye and i called my brother who was taking the afternoon off since he ' d driven my car earlier tonight . he had no problem with the last phone call since he knew he ' d be well compensated for the time . ` ` let ' s get out of here . ' ' i still don ' t know how we escaped the glare of the lights that night , but somehow we did . ' 'i covered her jean clad body with my leather jacket and held her under my arm as we made our way to the valet parking where they ' d brought my bugatti over in less than five minutes . i held her hand all the way to my place in the car . there were no words spoken between us in the ten minutes or so it had taken for us to get there . i could feel the pounding of her heart and see the apprehension in her eyes . when i let her out of the car in the parking lot , i pressed her up against the wall and swallowed her tongue again .