she was young and fresh and so f * * king beautiful she made me ache . i liked the way she rubbed herself against my hand , almost as if she could n ' er help herself . ` ` i ' m going to enjoy having you with me shiane . ' ' i took her hand and led her into the penthouse , bypassing the bank of elevators to my own personal lift in the corner . she kept her head down , maybe because she did don ' t want to be recognized by the cameras and security , or maybe because she was nervous , i was beginning to believe it was the latter . once we got to my room , she seemed shy and unsure of herself . i ' m not one to buy into such notions . there ' s been little written about her in the tabloids over the years that bears some resemblance to the truth , and although i still hadn ' t come across anything inflammatory about her during my initial internet search , i was sure she dealt with her fair share of bullshit . i also had to take into consideration her age . she was beautiful and , for all that she was well travelled and famous , all those looks could hide a multitude of things . like the fact that her shyness and hesitance did not con##trived . my first order of business was to put her at ease . walking over to where she stood in front of the door as if ready to escape at a moment ' s notice , i removed my arm from around her shoulders . i kept my eyes on her bent head until i tossed the jacket in the general direction of the chair in the corner . gently lifting her chin with the tip of my finger , i looked into her eyes . ` ` you have nothing to fear here ; it ' s like i said , we ' n ' t have to f * * k each other tonight . we could maybe hold off until tomorrow , but i want you in my bed , in my arms . what i saw tonight , i would be a fool to waste my time . ' ' ` ` um , what ' s your name ? ' ' i threw my head back and laughed uproariously . i ' m such a fool . i had ' ' not even introduced myself . it ' s a wonder she had n ' not run away screaming bloody murder . ` ` i ' m zane mckenzie . ' ' her eyes widened a bit at my words and led me to my next question . ` ` you know my name ? ' ' ` ` everybody knows who you are , zanen ' t they ? ' ' ` ` i do don ' t know about everyone , but maybe a select few do . can i get you something to drink ? what do you usually do after a performance , which was magnificent by the way . ' ' ` ` i usually have a lemon and honey with a glass of water . it helps keep my throat dry , but i do don ' t want you to have that drink again , so it ' s okay . ' ' she bit her lip and looked down at her feet even more shy now . very shy . i walked over to the station house phone and called down to have them come pick me up what she needed from the late - night market a few blocks over . ` ` that ' s taken care of . they should be here in a minute . what do n ' t we go out onto the balcony and wait until they get here ? ' ' i took her elbow and led her outside where the stars were putting on a show in the night sky . i was amazed at my body , everything in me and in her now . and somehow , i knew this , whatever it was between us would won ' t be rushed . i licked my lips at my words . i ' m not known for patience andi ' d be the first to admit it . she tried to sit in the seat next to me , but i had other ideas . pulling her down into my lap , i didn n ' t give her time to protest before my lips were covering hers again . i could n ' t seem to get enough of her taste . she was wearing the same silk bra and panties she ' d worn on friday and her body ' s heat overwhelmed me . by the time the bell rang signaling the arrival of her delivery , my hands were tangled in her soft hair and my c * * k was digging into her ass . i left her in the seat a little dazed and went to open the door . in the kitchen i prepared the drinks for her and had a weird feeling that i was going to be doing that a lot in the future . that ' s something else i never paid too much attention to , the future . i usually let the chips fall where they may . ` ` here baby , i hope it ' s the way you like it . ' ' she took the glass from me and sipped . ` ` umm , thanks , trace . ' ' i hunkered down in front of her and she froze with the glass halfway to her lips . i gave hereven as i tried to form the words in my head . ` ` do you have any scheduled shows tonight ? ' ' ` ` i have three weeks until my next show , i ' don ' t go on tour for a couple of months and i got wrapped up in the studio a few days ago . ' ' ` ` then the next three weeks are mine . let ' s go to bed tomorrow . going to be a long night . ' '