i took the empty glass from her and followed her inside . she was back to being shy which was completely unexpected . ` ` the bedroom ' s through there with an en suite bathroom if you ' d like . i ' ll find you something to sleep in . ' ' she continued on in the direction i ' d come out and i headed for the kitchen . when i made it back to the bedroom she was in the shower . it took everything i had in me not to go after her . the woman sure was turning into one for the taking . i ' ve never brought a woman home for the sole purpose of just being here there . she came out ten minutes later and i felt the kick in my dick . she looked like a teenager with her hair spread out around her shoulders and her face bare of makeup . i reached over and unwrapped the towel she had clenched in her fist . ` ` trust me , it ' s gon be ##ry a long f * * king time . ' ' she was perfection . her tits , which for some reason had been hidden in the towel were perfect , i would swear a miracle up close , with pale pink ni * * les that almost blended into the rest of her body . her waist was tiny , i could easilyspan it with my hands and her hips had a slight sway to them . all woman and yet no man . it was topped off with a homegrown beauty that you never saw these days . pink flesh with a hint of a tan on her skin , and the cutest set of freckles across her perfectly upturned nose . ` ` i think you ' re a natural blonde . ' ' her whole face lit up with her blush at my mention of the lock of hair over her pu * * y mound . i kissed the top of her head as i passed her the tee shirt i ' d bought for her to sleep in . another first , i usually had too much familiarity with the women i slept with . having her sleep in my favorite old college shirt was very wrong in itself , but we ' ll see how this works out . ` ` i ' ll be right out there , you can watch tv until i ' m done or if you ' re tired go to sleep . ' ' i left her standing there and went to my own shower before i went back on my knees and tackled her to the ground and f * * ked her the way i wanted . i barely noticed from the spot in the shower ; just as the water beat down on heras cold as i could stand it , cooling me down a little . when my felt the slight ping in my heart i held my hands out to wall and hung my head as the water beat down on me . i knew what was happening to me , felt it down to my bones , should i fight it or let it take its own course ? i ' d never felt threatened before , in all my years of being the bachelor , there was never a time when my bachelorhood was in danger . it was too early yet , or at least that was the thought i held onto as i turned the water off and stepped out of the small shower stall . wrapping a towel around my hips and grabbing another i walked into the bedroom to find her asleep . my new baby looked tired . i stood watching her , taking in the softness of her body in bed . i wondered how many people had ever seen this side of her . i felt a brief pang of jealousy at the thought of the boy she ' d been linked with . i ran my fingers gently through her hair , whispering softly so i did ##n ' t wake her . i shook my head at myself after i leaned over and kissed her forehead . ` ` so f * * king beautiful . ' ' i felt thewords in her ear before heading to the closet for my boxer shorts . no sex in the buff tonight , i ' d set the game to play between joining her in that bed and handing her that damn shirt . i was treading unchartered waters here , and we ' ll play it by ear , but there ' s only been one girl with me in my life . i always wanted to win . i could n ' t help drawing her into my arms when i finally crawled into bed . she just cuddled into my chest and cried , just like this kitten i once had as a kid . what the f * * k ? i had ##n ' t any of my f * * ked up childhood or anything to do with it in a long time . i looked down at the head on my chest and felt happy for the first time in my life , or at least for the first time in forever . what was i to do with this little thing that was growing inside of me ? i had no idea of how to deal with love and all its complications . i ' m strong enough to own my heart , and logical ##ly , smart enough not to believe in love at first sight . but this whatever it was that had pulled me from out of left field , wasa close second . i fell asleep with the anticipation of what tomorrow might hold for us . first time in two years , that i did wasn ' t open my eyes with a spreadsheet running through my head . chapter 3 in the end my eyes snapped open to focus on hers as she looked up at me from her place on my lap .