i sat up with her head in my lap and rolled out of bed , headed for the shower . shiane i can ##n ' t believe i ' m doing this . nothing like this had ever happened to me before , but when i ' d looked into his eyes that night while on stage , there was something there that called to me , what that was i still can ##n ' t sure , but somehow i knew i would be a fool to let it pass . things would ' ve gone on as normal if he had hadn ' t kissed me , i ' m even bold enough to have asked him out . but now that he was here i was n ' t sure of my intentions . i ' ve only ever been with one guy , someone i met when i first started my music career . i ' d tortured myself all through high school , holding out for that one guy . and even after he ' d been discovered , i ' d been too busy in the studio and with other people to think about a relationship . i ' ve never been into the casual scene , but when i met donnie , i ' d thought i ' d found my soul mate . someone i could spend my life with . that was before i ' d seen him making plans to hook up with someone else. that day was the lowest point of my life . when i ' d confronted him after coming out of the bathroom , and overheard him , he ' d been angry . angry enough to slap me for pushing him ; then he ' d filled me in on the situation . he ' d only been with me because it was good for his career . he thought that being linked to the hottest single girl on the music scene would open doors for him , which it did . he called me a pretty little farm girl with rose - colored hair . as he put it , everyone was doing it ; it was all part of the business . people f * * ked one another to get attention . when i ' d stupidly told him i thought we would get married and we ' d talked , he ' d laughed in my face . it was then that my love had started to fade . it did n ' t stop , until word of our split got out and i realized that this really wasn ' t the first time he ' d cheated , and that everyone thought i was . apparently they thought i was doing the same . i was never so sure in my life , all our lives , if you could call them that ; had known . i ' d slipped out of the spotlight for a whileuntil my boss told me i had to stay with the snake for rehearsal , because of prior commitments and the songs we ' d worked on together . then for a few weeks the world thought we were an item again . it was hard , especially when he cornered me one night after rehearsal and said we could just pick up where we left off , he was an ex f * * k after all . i did n ' t even know this person . all i could do was walk away in disgust . since then he ' d called me a few times , he knew i was n ' t seeing anyone and since he ' d been my boss , this little farm girl should just accept his infidelity and turn a blind eye , because according to him i was never going to find out , because everybody in the business knew . now here i was , not even a month late doing something i never thought in a million years i would ever do . when i opened my eyes this morning and saw him sleeping , his body relaxed in sleep , so perfectly relaxed . the first thing that caught my attention was the tattoos on his chest and arms . the whole world sure f ##n ' t ##d me for that , except for what i was sure was the piercing in his cock . of course ,but who he was , everyone did , the self - made billionaire who ' d come from nothing . his story was known far and wide in all circles . a tragic love story if you will . from what i knew his parents had been poor , from some place in the midwest . he ' d boxed in high school and gained a scholarship to an ivy league university where he ' d continued his boxing career but had focused more on his studies . then he ' d invented video game consoles and used the money from that to start his own law firm . they called him the wonder kid of wall street . wonder kid was n ' not exactly right . he set me down in the bathroom long enough to start the shower before he turned back to me and pulled the white cotton shirt over my head . i was embarrassed when he slid my panties down my thighs and when i stepped out of them and he picked them up and held them up to his mouth , i thought my body would go up in flames . his eyes held mine as he kissed them and then he was pulling me back into that hard chest of his , and our mouths met . he dropped his shorts while our tongues were dancing around and pulled me towards the huge marble stall . no words were spoken as he lifted up his body andwashed my hair . his hands moved over me , slowly , taking his time as he touched my body , as if he were paying homage . ` ` i love your body so , so f * * king beautiful . ' '