he seemed hypnotized with by my chest , which until the look in his eyes , had always been a source of pain for me . they were just too . . . everything . and that way he held them made me feel alive . ` ` get up here . ' ' he lifted me up so that my legs went around his waist and his mouth covered mine once again . my now slippery hands slid all over his body . could feel the tip of his c * * k pressing into my ass up to the small of my back . i felt a moment ' s pause at the length of him . there was no way that thing would ever fit inside me . ` ` we have to stop baby . ' ' he took a few more bites of my lips before letting me slide down his body . we finished our shower and he ' d passed me the soap to return the favor . my heart all but beat out of my chest as i ran my hands over his beautiful chest . my eyes lit up as i leaned in and kissed his chest and i felt a sense of relief when his body responded . he turned off the water and led me out of the shower . grabbing a towel he dried me before walking to a door in the wall that led to a closet ofno . he came back with a white silk robe that obviously belonged to him , and one for himself . downstairs in the kitchen he kissed me once more before seating me on a stool at the island and returning to the kitchen . ` ` ' omelet okay princess ? ' ' ` ` yes , sounds great . ' ' wow , how did he know that i ' ve always wanted him to call me that ? we could ##n ' t talk , and that was just another sign that there was something going on here that went beyond the physical . he plated the omelets and sat down across from me after pouring himself two cups of coffee from his state of the art coffee maker . i studied the kitchen for something to so instead of staring at his chest that was exposed by the gap in his robe . i could stare at it all , at his beautiful face with those beautiful blue eyes that seemed to glow whenever he looked at me . ` ` tomorrow is saturday , night and we ' re going to my private studio to have this done . not that i think you ' re clean , this is for both of us . when i tell you there will be nothing between us and i want you to be happy with the fact that i ' m clean as well .' ' ` ` i heard from the music rags that you ' ve only had one serious relationship since you came onto the music scene , tell me about that . ' ' i kept my head down and folded my arms around my middle . ` ` what do you want to know ? ' ' ` ` everything . ' ' it almost sounded like a question . i kept my head down ; surely this was a little personal for two people who ' d only just met ; more personal than cumming all over him and he you you ninny ? i shuddered at the memory and felt my body shudder . i almost jumped out of my skin when his finger touched my lips . ` ` now ' s not the time to think about what i can and will do to you babe , we need to clear some things up first ; eat your breakfast . ' ' i told him about the donnie , about my life in the southwest and the family i ' d left behind to pursue my dream of being a singer , the years of hard work and the love . the same family who was still very much a part of my life and whom i stayed in contact with through regular phone calls and skype conversations . of course i left out the most intimate details of my messy break - up withdonnie . no one outside our family knew the real reason behind the divorce , but i knew it was only a matter of time before that was no longer a problem . but somehow i could couldn ' t find it in me to tell this virile man who looked at me like i was the biggest sex object on the planet , that i had been such an abject failure ; or that i had been such a stupid , stupid girl . ` ` do you love him ? ' ' i looked up at him then , there was something in his voice , something i could n ' t quite place but it sounded menacing nonetheless . i swallowed hard before i answered him . ` ` i thought i did , but now i ' m not sure what i was thinking . maybe i was caught up in the excitement of my new life and he was the first other guy to ever pay me any attention , or the first guy that i liked anyway . ' ' ` ` do you two still keep in touch ? ' ' ` ` no , only if we ' re working on one of our albums or something that calls for us to work together in a professional capacity . ' ' ` ` and how often does that happen ? ' ' ` ` we never recorded an album together . it was` just before we broke up . we might have to perform the song live at awards shows and things like that in the future , i ' m not sure of anything right now though . ' ' ` ` that ' s something we ' ll have to deal with , something you should know before we go any farther .