i ' m a bit territorial about my possessions . i ' n ' t have shiane , not yet . ' ' ` ` i find myself in dangerous territory , though , because i ' ve never cared about a woman ' s possessions before , never cared how many partners she had before me . with you i find that i hate this boy for having hurt you . it ' s then i know , since you speak of him , then you know that i ' ve not been a man myself . i do n ' t know why i should feel this way , it just is . ' ' i did n ' t say anything to that , what was there to say ? ' he knew i ' d heard of his exploits , with the women of london . he was a known woman ' s man . not just a woman ##izer , it seemed they were usually the ones doing the talking . none of his encounters if i remember correctly had ever lasted more than a few months at the most . is that what he was doing now ? because if it was , as much as i felt that same pull for him , i still don ' t think i was ready for a relationship . something of my inner turmoil must ' ve shown on my face because he brought my attention back to him withhis next words . ` ` stop worrying , like i told you , whatever was in the past is just that , the past . ' ' could i ask him again what his intentions were , or would he find the question silly and stupid ? that was something else donnie had reminded me of . he ' d said that my morals were old and outdated . apparently it was against the new age norm to actually want to have a romantic relationship that lasted longer than the time it took to scratch an itch . ` ` you said there were some things that we needed to clear up before we went any further , but i think you should know i ' m not into casual flings , i . . . ' ' ` ` i think i know that princess . ' ' he still don ' t say anything else for the longest while , just watches me over his coffee mug . ` ` i do n ' t know where this is going , not really , but i do know there is ain ' t going to be anything casual about it . chapter twelve violet i did n ' t take her call until later that evening . i ' d turned her phone off at about ten and it had rung for the third time in half an hour . i had her send me a quick text toher assistant so that they knew she was mine and that was it . she was a little panicked at first and i knew the rest , since she ' d always been synced with my phone and any form of communication , until i ' d learned to compartmentalize . we spent the day getting to know each other , when i was wasn ' t with her . i did n ' t start getting too hot and heavy with her either , because i did n ' t allow myself to stop . when i take her i want to feel her pu * * y around my cock . i have never in my life f * * ked a woman without some kind of protection and certainly not without a condom . i did n ' t look too deeply into my reasons for wanting to do it with her . all i know is that the sight of her on that couch the night before , the jolt that she shot through me when our eyes met , was something that i was n ' t willing to turn off . i ' ve spent my life following my instincts and hunches that others had guessed at , only to come out on top . this just might be the best f * * king hunch i ever made in my life . if the beautiful woman that was sitting on my couch wasmy living room , clad only in one of my robes , knew the thoughts that were going through my head i ' m pretty sure she would n ' rather have been running for the nearest door . everything about her spoke to something in me , something i had n ' t known was there . by the time i took her back to her apartment on the other side of the street i was second guessing myself . outside her apartment i looked for a parking spot . ` ` you do n ' t have to walk me up you know , i ' m perfectly safe here . ' ' ` ` no , princess , i ' m contemplating turning around and taking you back home , the only reason i ' m not is because you ' n ' me have anything to wear and i ' m sure you have stuff to take care of . but i ' m coming home with you . i ' m not ready for our first date to be over just yet . she nodded and smiled and reached up to kiss me , then seemed to think better of it . so i was the one who grabbed her head and pulled her the rest of the way . if there were other people around i didn n ' t care in that moment . though i understood her concerns , she ' d explained just how much her bodyhad become since she ' d found out , how the simple thing like reaching over for a carton of milk had suddenly become a monumental task . that was something else i was going to have to take care of . i was n ' t sure from what she ' d said , what kind of security detail she had on a daily basis . i mean , how easy it had been for me to get to her and literally take her out of their lives .