on behalf of her little star ##dom , being linked with me might put her even more in the spotlight , so i just gon f ##ught to take care of that one myself . i followed her out of the car and through the doors . she was wearing a pair of my jeans , at the ankles and at the waist , but of course she ' d make it look like a fashion show . we made it up to her apartment with no interruptions and i was still holding her hand . i loved the feel of her apartment , it was open space and airy with trees all around with a view of the park and a bit of the city skyline . it was nothing like mine , but it was n ' t shabby either . i saw little touches of her home , like the bright colors and the throw pillows that she seemed to have a fondness for . she was back to being shy again . to lease it seemed to come entirely from what i knew of her place this time . we ' d spent the day practically locked up in every way but one , so some of her anxiety had melted away now . ` ` i mean it . grab some stuff you ' re coming back with later . ' ' ` ` you . . . i thought you said you weretake me home to take care of you and you ' ll see me on sunday ? ' ' i smiled down at her as she turned that little sweet face up to me . ` ` i would say that too , but i changed my mind . i ' m not ready for us to be together . ' ' i had the fleeting thought that i would never be ready for that again , but squashed it . ` ` do you need help tonight ? ' ' i thought i saw a bit of a smile lift the corners of her lips before she shook her head slowly . ` ` can i at least check my phone first ? ' ' ` ` sure . ' ' she walked over to the tv and hit play as she dropped into a chair . i walked over to the bank of phones with my hands stuffed in my pockets . the first few messages were all business as usual , and then coming onto the end there was some guy , calling her , who was so upset that he could n ' t get ahold of her . ` ` i thought you said you did n ' t have anything planned for the next little while ? ' ' ` ` i know n ' t that ' s just carl ' s way , he likes to know where i am at all times .' ' ` ` hmm . ' ' it seemed like a bit more than that to me , but i let it go for me . i ' m a married man , so that means when she ' s with me this carl ##ito could go f * * k himself , because i did don ' t need anyone keeping tabs on me . there was nothing else for her there and she went into her room to change , offering me a shower , which i turned down . i just wanted out of there and back home as soon as possible . somehow it felt easier with her in my bed , outside my walls . she came back out with an overnight bag and dressed in a pair of her own jeans and a pullover . i took the bag and with her hand in mine headed for the door . that morning i had to go in early to the office , so i eased her out of my arms and went to the bedroom . she was still out by the time i was done and ready to go so i leaned over the bed and kissed her awake . ` ` hmmm . ' ' she moaned into my mouth and she responded with my tongue in hers . i ended up sitting on the edge of the bed and pulling her into my lap for a longer kiss . truth is i hatedthe thought of leaving her . the last few days had been like none we ' d ever shared and we had n ' t even left the house except to go to her parents . we ' d spent all day sunday lazing around in bed reading the paper , talking and making love . i ' d already called my doctor and made the appointment under pressure for him to rush the results which he assured me would be done . ` ` i ' ll see you in a few hours princess , the car will come and get you at seven thirty , okay ? ' ' i kissed her nose when she nodded against my chest and got up to leave . i could n ' t look down at her lying in my bed in my light blue tee shirt , i was afraid i would n ' t want to see her if i did . when it was time to get the car for her i changed my plans and instead of meeting her parents i went after her myself . she was putting on her shoes when i came through the door and when she saw me standing there , f * * k me if her beautiful face did n ' t light up and she made a little leap and jumped into the arms i immediately opened for her . ` ` hey beautiful , you remember me ? ' ' she askedmy neck and shoulders , i pulled her head down for my lips to meet hers . ` ` we ' d better go , he promised me that if we leave this place he could possibly get in the car by end of class , and i ' m afraid if we leave n ' not i ' m gon na ##v * * king dead . ' '