i pulled her back just enough for her to see the evidence of my need . i had my doubts that she was , and i was sure that she was , but damn i wanted this , wanted us to start getting off on the right way . i ignored the little voice in my head that told me there was an ulterior motive behind my actions . there was no way i was thinking along those lines , no way in hell . shiane i wondered if he was always this attentive , or if , with all things planned , this would change once he got what he wanted . will he keep taking advantage of me as time went on ? he was like no other man i ' d ever met , except for this one . i ' d watched my father treat my mother like a precious gem my whole life . that ' s where i ' d got my idea of a prince charming . not from any woman , but from the way i ' d seen my father look at mom when he thought no one else was looking . or the way she was always looking to him when things went south . they ' d taught me to want that bond , to hold out for that and nothing else . he seemed to have that in him , but i ' d been wrong once andmy heart felt a little gun shy . it had only been a few weeks since it had happened at all . and here i was with sweaty palms and shaky knees over this guy that i barely knew . the day had been the best one i ' d had in a long time . in fact i have n ' ever felt that relaxed since the last time i ' d taken a man home . neither of us was ready for the scrutiny of the media just yet . we seemed to enjoy getting to know each other without all the bullshit and other bullshit that came with it . then there were two men in suits who looked like they ' d never worked a day in their lives . ` ` this is your security , i ' m sure you have enough money for your purposes , but these guys are from hollywood . they ' ll be everywhere when i ' m not with you . my eyes widened at that . ` ` is that really necessary ? i ' m not that big of a deal as i ' n ' ever think . ' ' he was playing it off as he introduced me to the men and pulled me through the doors behind him . ` ` this has nothing to do with your business , it ' s for my peace of mind . ' ' i started to wonder if this wassomething he ' d done for all the women in his past and why that should make me jealous . he took my hand and smiled down at me . ` ` no , you ' re the first . ' ' ` ` how did you know what i was doing ? ' ' ` ` i told you , the meeting was about getting to know each other , i picked up a few things . ' ' he smiled as he helped me into the back of the waiting car . i ' d told him of my fear of needles . he held my hand and talked to me while the doctor and the nurse did their thing , finally getting his taken care of . it ' didn ' t take that long and then we were back in the car . ` ` i ' m taking you to the office for a quick coffee and then there ' s lunch . we ' ll go somewhere that i ' m sure we ' d like , but , i ' m not quite ready to leave you yet . ' ' i laid my head on his shoulder and squeezed his hand that was still holding onto mine . i knew he must ' ve noticed this and warned everyone in the building not to give me the star treatment because i got a lot of dirty looks from his colleagues , but no one said anything other thana polite hello . it was great . i was in a private room at one of the city ' s most upscale restaurants where there were about a dozen people than i ' d ever seen in one place at once . maybe an awards show . i was the one star - struck . ` ` is that . . . ? ' ' ` ` ` it is . ' ' she must ' ve said that a hundred times while we were talking . i craned my neck to see into the other room and she smiled at me . ` ` you ' re so cute . they ' re looking at you and you ' re in front of them . ' ' ` ` i ' m pretty sure they ' re all wondering who i am , it ' s you they ' re looking at . ' ' i was didn ' t . i was so far off the mark , most of them were starlets and they could ' ve given me the once over , but their attention was definitely on him . i could n ' t blame them . what he did for a living should be spectacular . and to think that what was happening was even more mouth wateringly spectacular . chapter 5 when i sent her home in the morning and went back to work , my thoughts on the future and how soon i wouldhave them in my pocket . i almost called john when the hours had drifted by and still no phone answer . at the end of class when it was almost time to call it off , the messenger showed up with the envelopes . i had no reservations about tearing into hers and reading the contents .