she looked nervous as she watched me , and then herself . i closed my eyes with the last bite of the cooked food . ` ` so , where did you learn to cook like this ? ' ' ` ` my mother taught me and i love watching the history channel , you really like it ? ' ' i took another bite and it was good as the pie . shaking my head i leaned over and kissed her cheek . ` ` it ' s a princess , wow . ' ' i kept the conversation going through dinner , asking her questions about being on tour and what she liked most about her life . as far as i could tell she was more interested in the food than anything else . ` ` um , trace , you ' ' ' not serious about that ovulating thing are you ? ' ' i ' d almost forgotten about that , and i wasn ' t even sure what had possessed me to think of it much less mention it . but now that she ' d asked me that . . . ` ` as a matter of fact i am . it ' s all i know , and if one of my colleagues would come to me with this story i would tell him he ' s crazy . i have no patience for it , the fact is that from the firsti love you . on that stage something inside me shifted . ' ' ` ` i found myself thinking back to childhood , to a time when i had to scrounge for every scrap i wanted and needed . when i became grown , i promised myself that i ' d never go out again , and not just for food , but for any of those things i ' d longed for as a child , or anything my heart may desire as an adult . ' ' ` ` you ' re the first thing my heart ' s ever wanted . i ' ve known it before . don ' t prove me wrong , but this , this is different . this goes beyond my own desires . like i told you before , this whole thing was about getting to know each other and i ' ve gotten to know you . you would wouldn ' t have come here with me had you not felt some of what i was feeling . i also know that you ' re more about hearth and home than the night life . ' ' i did n ' t tell her that i knew that ' s why she ' d stayed with the ass * * le who ' d ended up cheating on her . i ' d done some research after she was less than forthcoming about the reason for their separation . it wasn ' t a known fact as yet but i had my way of finding out anyway . i wo ##n ' t tell her that i knew though ; it was her job to tell if and when she was ready . i did know that if i ever ran into the little prick , i would gon ##na beat the shit out of him for putting his hands on her though . it did n ' na matter that i did ##n ' t even know her when it happened , it ' s just the way i am , or at least it ' s the way i want to be where she ' s concerned . ` ` with a baby ? we barely even know each other . ' ' ` ` i ' n ' t think that what is going on here has anything to do with law and convention . either way , there ' s nothing to worry about now . what ' s done is done , and if it is n ' t , i ' m gon na be absolutely sure that it is . the only problem is your upcoming baby , but i ' m sure you have died while pregnant before . ' ' ` ` do you know how crazy this all is ? ' ' i shrugged my shoulders at her . i thought it was crazy too in the beginning so i could don ' tfault her for having her own doubts . it was crazy when you looked at it , but that ' s what i felt and thought . . . ` ` i ' m sure there have been people who got married after just one night of meeting or even two . i ' m even more sure that there are people who get married after just one meeting . look it this way ; at least we both know where we stand . if the last few weeks are anything to go by , we want each other more than a little , and the bottom line is clear . i want you , in my bed , with me , no matter what . so baby or no baby , you ' ve met your match , so i suggest you get used to the idea . ' ' ` ` what if i have other plans ? ' ' ` ` like i said , i ' ve gotten to know you , and all that stuff , this is what i want too . as time goes on you ' ll find that i never let anything get in my way , nothing and no one . dinner was delicious why do don ' t you go find us something to watch while i clean up ? ' ' chapter 8 shiane i guess the night was over and what a sad day at that . i walked out of thekitchen on wobbly legs for the tv room to find something to watch , though i really really don ' t have any interest . my mind was awhirl with all the new things that were going on in my life . in the space of a few short weeks , it seems my world had been turned upside down . i found myself doing things that were totally outside the box for me . and this latest was a lot to take in , though the thought of it made me hot .