he was right . i ' ve really only ever wanted to be a mother and a wife . i ' d thought i would have that dream with donnie , but was it possible to have it with this man that i ' d only just met ? what if he was just saying these things because like he ' d said , he ' d gotten to know me and knew that ' s exactly what i wanted to be ? how was it possible that he could want me like that after a business meeting ? i ' d spent some time today searching for any and everything i could find about him on the net . the only thing that stood out , for his reputation as a businessman , was the fact that he had a different woman every couple of months . had he used this same thing on them ? somehow , he didn ' ' t strike me as the type . then , i had to wonder . the things he ' d made me feel . how will i live without them if this was all just a game to him ? he ' d made me feel things i never knew existed inside me . my body has never reacted this way before , and even though his size was a little larger , the pain was more a near - pain than a physical one . i felt myself creaming just thinking aboutit . could a man really make love to a woman that much without that kind of pain involved ? what if it was just sex ? i ' d seen pictures of some of the women he ' d dated in the past and i had to say some of them were drop dead gorgeous , including the last one he ' d been seen with a couple weeks ago . the though caused me a moment ' s doubt and i thought if anything to shield my heart this time , but i was afraid it might be too late . he ' d taken me over completely , something i had no experience with . i had n ' t the slightest idea how to handle a man like luke mckenzie . he was way out of my league . i heard him coming and searched through the selection of movies i had for something to say . ` ` what ' s wrong ? ' ' he came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me from behind . ` ` what makes you think something ' s wrong ? ' ' i looked over my shoulder at him trying to put a brave face on . ` ` i was wasn ' t sure when you first walked in but now i ' m certain it ' s all over your face . ' ' he pulled me towards the couch and sat on his lap with his handsholding me close . for some reason i started to cry ; he ' d been so kind and gentle all the time that we ' d been together , what if it was all a farce ? i had no idea that i ' d started to cry until i felt his fingers wipe my cheeks dry . ` ` tell me what ' s bothering you baby . ' ' i could only shake my head and cry harder as i buried my face in his chest . ` ` ' do don ' t play games with me baby , i ' n ' t like it if you ' re just using me for some stupid game . . . ' ' i broke off when he lifted my face to his . ` ` baby ! i know you do n ' t know that much about me , only that one you were messing around with . let me show you something . ' ' he stood up and took my hand in his , leading me out of the bathroom and into the bedroom . standing me in front of the full - length standing mirror , he removed my robe , dropping it to the floor , as i stood before him naked . ` ` you know those marks all over your chest and arms ? do you know what those are like ? ' ' ` ` hickeys ? ' '` ` that ' s one word for it , they ' re also known as claiming marks . i ' ve never given them to a woman before . not since i knew what they meant as a young man . they can mean different things to different people . to me , they are a mark of ownership . ' ' ` ` that ' s my mark on you . i put it there as a statement to you and anyone else who might see them , the one on your neck anyway , anyone else seeing the others , they ' ll crawl up your little ass . ' ' his hand moved to one then the other that was right at the tip of my pu * * y . ` ` this time , i ' don ' t think a man that ' s not really interested in a woman would f * * k her five times if he did don ' t really mean it . ' ' ` ` what ? ' ' i started counting on my fingers and counted to ten before i was being carted over to the bed . i looked up into his eyes as he laid me back and spread my legs , opening his robe . his c * * k was hard and thick , with a string of pr * * cum hanging from the end heading for the floor . " i knew she hadto be sore , but she still seemed to need reassuring and for her this was the best i could do . " time would convince her that this was the real deal . " i was just as nervous as she was , but unlike her , i was wasn ' t about to let doubts get in the way of what i wanted . taking her words into consideration , i dropped to my knees between her open legs and opened her pu * * y lips gently with my fingers .