` ` yeah , but do ##n ' t forget . ' ' ` ` take care of the lease shiane . and i will . do n ' t forget , i ' m a businessman . it makes no sense whatsoever for you to keep that place and pay the full price for an empty apartment . i know that you both have doubts and fears , but i ' m not going to let them get in the way of things . i ' ve spent the last three weeks trying to help you , but all that was ain ' t working so you ' re just gon na ##ught to decide if you want to take a chance on happiness or not . a word to the wise : i wo n ' t care for anyone else ' s hard - comings . so if that ' s what this is about , you can kill that bitch right f * * king now . ' ' it looked like we were about to have our first real argument there for a minute , but then she broke down . she needed someone to take charge and i had no problem with that . she ' s gone from under her parents ' care , straight to this lawyer ' s office , and basically , she ' s been told what to do her whole life . some people are against that ,but with shiane , it was quite the opposite . she loved it . she left two weeks later for europe and i spent the time gathering as much information as i could about her manager and the other people around her . i still don ' t like that business deal she ' d told me about , and from some of the things she ' d said , i was n ' not so sure that her best interest was being taken advantage of . as her man , it was up to me to ensure that no one was taking advantage of her . and since our relationship had been in the spotlight so far , it was only a matter of time before it leaked out . and how would it look for wall street ' s whiz kid to be letting others take advantage of his woman ? we talked every night after her show no matter what time it was , that was a contract that i ' d sign before she left . she could get away during the day because i knew she was busy with work , but at night i needed to know that she was safe . we did facetime until she fell asleep ; at night , i could tell that my frustration was growing but she seemed to be having fun . there was a lot of buzz in the headlines about her shows but i didnhadn ' t heard or read any of it . that was until two weeks before she was called back . my assistant was in one of those gossip magazines that are filled with half - truths and innuendo . that ' s how i ' d first seen them until i saw my assistant walking out of some restaurant in italy with her ex . i did n ' t want to fly off the handle ; the caption said the picture had been snapped the day before which had to mean it was after we ' d met and she still hadn ' t mentioned it to me . my first instinct was to get on a plane and just drag her back home after dealing with both of them , but common sense and logic won out . i could ##n ' t fly half way around the world to kill her . no , i ' ll wait ' til she gets back and kick her ass in the privacy of our own home . that night when she called , she still said ##n ' t mention it and she acted like something was wrong . there was something in her voice but i was wasn ' t quite sure what it was . ` ` ` you ' ve got your final exam tomorrow , yes ? ' ' ` ` yes , and then i ' ll be home . ' ' `` i ' ll be waiting . ' ' the next morning when she called , i did ##n ' t answer . i ' d spent the entire night in a jealous rage and had pretty much locked myself up in my office . i ' d come to terms with the fact that i did n ' t believe for a minute that she ' d cheated on him , but whatever reason she had for being with him was not good enough . and the fact that she had n ' t mentioned it to me , only infuriated me more . she was crying when i got home the next day . when she ran to me and jumped into my arms i held her close but did ##n ' t kiss her . she knew something was wrong and her eyes followed me around the room . ` ` is something wrong ? ' ' ` ` is there something you want to tell me shiane ? ' ' she looked at me at first . i pulled out the magazine i ' d kept hidden in the drawer of the little side table and threw it at her . her eyes widened when she saw it and she looked up at me with fear in her eyes . ` ` it ' s not what it looks like . i can explain . ' ' i walked away from her and into the bathroom to wash myme and hat where she followed me a few minutes later . ` ` trace . . . ' ' ` ` were you the one that was afraid of him cheating on you ? ' ' she ' d never seen me this nervous before , so she had no way of knowing that the precise movements and even tone were a sure sign that her friend was in trouble . ` ` but he did n ' t cheat , he was with me because we did a few duets together and . . . ' ' ` ` and you still don ' t tell me this because . . . ' ' ` ` i did don ' t want to cause any trouble . ' '