` ` wrap your legs around me princess . ' ' she wrapped her legs around my waist pulling me in deeper . i never took my eyes off of hers ; i wanted to see what was there , what words could never describe because there were n ' t words . when i finished i captured her lips with mine and took her moans into my lungs as she gave me her sweet surrender . ` ` i love you . ' ' she tightened around me and cried out at my touch . chapter twelve things settled down somewhat after that and we lived a life of peaceful bliss for the next month and a half . i took her away on my trips for the weekends . we talked , we laughed we teased each other and the more time went by , the more in love with her i became . i no longer questioned the strangeness of our meeting , or why it had been so easy for me to make the decisions i had after so many years of living and thinking that way . she was my dream girl , the owner of my heart . her career was doing extremely well , her records were going platinum all over the place and she was in high demand . she had a local show coming up this weekend . this time i was surprised when she called my hesitantly to let me know that her ex washad to be pissed at the show . i had no time to prepare myself since i ' d already had a line - up of what was in store for that night . i ' ve been following her movements since the day we met and now i had all the information i needed to send her manager and a couple lawyers to jail . i had n ' t told her what i ' d found out yet . i n ' t want to upset her this close to her performance and i ' d only just gotten the worst of the result . it had taken this long because the lawyers had been so slick with their questions . too bad for them i know how to follow the scent trail , all i need is the truth . i had to tell her this weekend at the club though and i already had my assistant on standby to take care of it . shiane here has been so fucking amazing in the last month or so . it ' s funny , he went out of his way to relieve my stress . maybe it ' s because we were able to keep our relationship out of the public eye , but i was having more fun falling in love with him than i ' d ever thought possible . i decided to take a page out of his journal and write toreally got to know him . i ' d watch him when he was wasn ' t around , and paid attention to the little things , like how he covered my body with his whenever we were going out . how he always seemed to have to touch me whenever we were together no matter where we were ; or the way he ' d run his hand through my hair sometimes when we sat together watching a movie . i just loved the way he made love to me . ever since that night when he ' d punished me , which now when i look back on it was hot as hell ; he ' s been this super boyfriend though . seems so weird because of him in that way , he ' s so much more than a boy . i ' ve told my family about him and dad and him we had a few private moments over the last few weeks that i was wasn ' t privy to , but my family seemed to love and accept him even with the age difference . now we have a show coming up tonight and i ' m more nervous than usual . not because of the show itself , though , mom had taken care of that as well . she ' d been this lady that specialized in training people like me . she had put me through this series of tests that helpedto calm me down before each fight . it was an expensive process but so far it seemed to be working . i no longer had that sick fear of bombing the club . no one ' s fear stemmed from the fact that donnie was back and i knew from our last one hour conversation that he was going to try to get back with me again . because donnie and i had been able to keep our relationship secret , all along most of the known world were under the impression that i was still pining for him . then there were the rumors of us sneaking around together . one reporter had gone so far as to print that damn photo . i thought trace would lose his mind . he ' d gone on a rampage even going so far as to call up someone to take the retraction and fire the person himself . i guess it was n ' t just the speculation that had sent him over the edge , but the fact that there was another photo posted online from the night before of me and donnie , only this one was made to look like it was more than and that , let ' s just say it ' n ' t sit well with trace to see his face as he put it , lip locked with some other guy . but whatever he ' d done had worked because the followingthen there had been a kiss and an apology . did wonders never cease ? of course now we were back to old time . he ' d said that he was fine with the one show deal but as the time drew nearer i could see that tic in his jaw working again .