the crowd seemed to read something else into it , and it appeared that she was playing hard to get , evading his outstretched hand and prancing away as she kept singing , only to be followed by him again and again . each time our eyes met i kept my face blank , i did n ' not want to spoil her , and like i said if this was part of her job then so be it . but what i did don ' t like was the way he tried to manhandle her off the stage when it had nothing to do with their performance . do n ' not ask me how she knew those times so well . i was reading her body language sure , but every time it happened she ' d send me a look and it would piss me off . i was ain ' t mad at her though , not really , without him i ' d have to pound into the f * * king ground . i left my seat and went backstage just as the last number ended . i could hear the roar of the crowd as she bid them goodnight for the second time , giving them the encore they ' d asked for . i was in the shadows sort of , behind this huge plastic curtain , when she came out followed by the rest of the band , andthe ass * * le . ` ` hey i ' m talking to you . ' ' he reached out to grab her hand and she pulled it out of his reach . ` ` the show is over donnie we have nothing more to say to each other for the rest of the night . ' ' ` ` that ' s what you said . where did you get this ? ' ' he tried kissing the mark he ' d made on her neck . she slapped her hand over it and pulled away . ` ` that ' s none of your business . ' ' ` ` it is my business when my woman is getting a hickey from some other guy . ' ' ` ` your woman , are you insane ? we ' ve been over for years now would you please get out of my way ? ' ' she was wrapped around him and by this point i ' d seen all i needed to . i started forward and before i could reach them he ' d reached out and grabbed her and was trying to kiss her . the amazing this was that there were others listening in and no one seemed to witness the almost assault that was taking place right in front of them . that could be because their voices had been so low throughout this whole thing . as soon as his hand fisted in her hair ,shame on him . ` ` get the f * * k off her ass * * le . ' ' i flung his hand away and got between the two of them . you could say i was pissed but trying to contain it . i was no longer angry at the guy on stage , i knew that was just him and that the audience might see his very well choreographed dance routine , that ' s all that he was . but this was something else , this was personal and this i would not allow . ` ` who the f * * k are you , shiane who ' s this ass * * le ? is this new security ? tell him who i am before i sue his ass . ' ' ` ` ' you little shit , if you come anywhere near her , i ' ll break every bone in your f * * king body . ' ' he looked at her wide eyed when he realized i meant every word . then he just reached out for her again , grabbing her arm this time and i saw red . i punched him in the face until blood spurted from his nose . only the fact that he was so much bigger than i , kept me from following through . i grabbed her arm and pulled her along behind me fast as hell . i ' n ' ' 'a shame to give her this , but thankfully she was more covered up . ` ` did you find anything back there that you needed ? ' ' i told her . we were in the back of the car on the way home . she called one of her assistants to get her things . that night i f * * ked her like a madman , there was wasn ' t a part of her body that i could don ' t lick , or kiss . at one point she ' d cried because it was too much . i licked her little pu * * y until the pain had eased and then slid back into her . we were both spent by the time i rolled away from her as the sun was rising . dragging her into my arms i held her as we slept . the next day i was all over the f * * king front page , just what i needed . some hack had been there taking pictures of the whole thing and the story broke . that ' s how we all found out and since that night we could ##n ' t leave the house for days without a camera in our face . things calmed down when they realized they were n ' t gon ' get anything back from us and my security was very good at evading their asses . they had no access tomy own private parking garage and since i had a whole fleet of cars to choose from they never knew which way we were or if i felt like taking my woman out for dinner . since i ' didn ' t frequent the kind of places that catered to the rich or that many people who ' d tip them off to me being there , we were left relatively in peace after the hubbub had died . chapter 10 now it ' s the night of the last show and she was blowing me off .