and then when lily came along , my beautiful little sister , i felt the fear in my gut that i would n ' not be able to protect her . she was the one and only child i ' d ever held in my arms , and the love i ' d felt then , could n ' not be compared to what i felt for the unborn child shiane now held safe in her arms . i thought of her giving birth and knew there was no way i would let her go off on her own , not in her condition . i came to the conclusion that it was time i was more at risk . i had men and women that i ' d hired , the best in their field , sometimes straight out of college , but had yet to hire anyone to do what i did . it was an easy decision to make now , whereas before the baby gave me cold feet . i took the hand with my ring on it and kissed her fingers . i hoped and prayed that i would do this right , by being as gentle as i could and not awaken her . i lowered my head until my lips were in contact with her still moving stomach and made a promise to my son and daughter . ` ` i will always be there for you , no matter what ; i can ' t want to meet you . ' ' i felt the tears gathering in the corners of my eyes , and though it had been years since i ' d shed one , i let them fall . my heart had never felt so full in my life . i kissed her until the end and that ' s as long as i could hold out from taking her . rolling her sweet soft body onto her back , i kissed my way down her body , stopping at her br * * sts . i took the nipple of first one into my mouth , licking and sucking , pulling gently like i imagined one day my baby would , before going to the other . by the time i made my way down to her sweet cunt , she was writhing beneath me . i licked her clit until it was peeking out from under the lace , and with her pu * * y lips open , i closed my eyes and feasted on her flesh , her cream bursting into my mouth as i dug deep with my fingers . sliding up her body , i drove into her , deep with each hard thrust . her eyes were sleep - filled as she looked up at me . with my hands on the sides of her head , i pushed her back so i could look into her eyes as i entered her . ` `i love knowing my dick is inside you . ' ' i felt one of my handles touch her stomach between us for a brief moment before gathering her in close . ` ` give me your head baby . ' ' she lifted her mouth to mine and we stayed like that , our lips pressed together passionately as i pumped my c * * k in and out of her , her chest rising and falling with my thrusts . it was the most amazing moment of my life so far , and there was so much more to come . i ' ll make sure of it . epilogue he ' s utterly unpredictable and completely unlike my dad . i don n ' t think i ' ve ever met a more unpredictable man in my life . my dad was an easy going mild mannered man , sure he and mom had their tiffs over the years when we were growing up , but i doubt he ' s ever done or said half the things he done to me . like spanking her ass with a belt . since my announcement of my pregnancy , he ' s discovered one other thing , his protectiveness . do don ' t get me wrong , i love it , in fact i think i need it because my parents have been out of control from day one ; but i know how others woulddamn him . it was with my management , of all people , and a few of the guys that handled my accounts . the morning after our engagement , he ' d dropped the bombshell that they had been accusing me of . i ' d sat there dumbfounded , not having the first clue as to what i was supposed to do next . ` ` do n ' t worry princess i ' ve got it covered . ' ' ' and how did they and you ? ' ' ` ` the how is simple , you ' n ' t know what you ' re looking for when dealing with those people unless you ' ve got some kind of business class or you have someone reliable explain it to you . ' ' he was right i guess , as a small town girl , seeing all those zeros in my account , was hard for me , i was just happy with what i loved , and the fact that i was not being paid , too . ` ` the problem is that they ' re total f * * ks and they had you coming a mile away . ' ' i guess they had banked on trace mckenzie coming into my life and turning everything upside down . i ' d wanted to do everything else but that , did n ' t want the publicity that would beif the press got ahold of it . trace threatened to burn them at the stake . in the end they convinced themselves that it was best to go public so that they would n ' t be forced to sell it to others . turns out that was the right decision , because when the story broke , others had come forward after realizing that they too had been victims of these unscrupulous people .