my tour ended when i was five months along . trace had found the time to leave school for another two months and accompany me . i ' d had to do some touring which meant there were hardly any shows in the cities , and i wanted to be done before i really started to cry . that ' s when i saw the other side of him . he ' d hired all the management for me when i told him i was n ' t sure what to look for . he ' d threatened to fire my wardrobe designers until they had some kind of meeting and he got what he wanted . in the end they ' d come up with some tasteful designs , and some of them were better than the ones i ' d worn before . he was right you did don ' t have to be half bad on stage to get your point across . one day we were sitting at the kitchen table , i was still sitting in his lap because we ' d just made love and our bodies had grown cold . as he slipped out of my lap i ' d said , ' you know we can do the same thing over ' . he ' d given me one of his smiles and that was that . i knew that ship had sailed . i didn n ' t care that i was deprivedfunny , because in every way he was the perfect father and then husband . our wedding was a very special ceremony in my hometown . he ' d moved heaven and earth to make it so and it was beautiful . he was so fascinated with my body these days , especially after it started to show . there was n ' t a day that went by that he could ##n ' t spend at least an hour playing with my tummy and having these long drawn out conversations with whoever was in charge . somehow though , i knew he ' d reached his limit . ` ` ` it hurts . ' ' he leaned over me . he took my hand in his and pushed my hair back with the other . ` ` i know baby , i know it will be over soon . do something . ' ' that last was said to the doctors and nurses that were gathered in the delivery room . he had hadn ' t shouted the words that they had more power than if they had . the way he forced them through his teeth and glared at the room ' s occupants . if i were n ' t in so much pain i would ' ve found it funny . ` ` she ' s coming along just fine mr . mckenzie . just one more day shiane , that ' s a good girl . '' i looked down with all my love as he held my hand and whispered in my ear how proud he was of me and how blessed i was . i think it was his voice more so than anything urging from the doctor that gave me the extra boost i needed to push my son out into the world . i laughed and smiled as i heard his loud wails fill the room . trace never took his eyes off mine until the oh - oh from the nurse . ` ` oh - oh ? oh f * * k oh - oh , what the f * * k is oh - oh ? ' ' he looked ready to tear the poor woman ' s head off before she explained . i was in too much of a daze from the new pain in my body to help . ` ` looks like we have another baby . ' ' and then my son was born , completely healthy and completely loved . the end chapter one i bounce from foot to foot as i try my mom ' s cell phone one more time . i ' m practically bursting at the seams wanting to tell her my good news , and she ' s not answering . i hang up the phone when it goes to her number again . she ' s been a lot more distant ever since she startedand this new mystery guy . she ' ll have to sit down and tell me about him soon - we ' ve never been able to keep secrets from one another for long . i hang up and push down the number two button on my new flip - phone to auto - dial my best friend allison . finally , she picks up . ` ` i got it ! i need a lawn room ! ' ' i shout as soon as she answers , my thoughts overflowing into a wild jig around my new lawn room . allison screams on the other end in response - she knows what a great opportunity this is for me . there are only fifty - four lawn rooms at the university of virginia , where i ' m just finishing my senior year . they were a central part of thomas jefferson ' s design for the university , and spread out under the canopy from his main rotunda . they might be small and cramped , but living in one is a high honor . it ' s a rigorous application process , and they are available to only the most scholarship - seeking rising seniors . i worked my nerdy butt off in preparation for this moment , and i can barely believe it ' s actually happening . ` ` okay , miriam , i ' m putting you on speaker . miriam 's ' , too , ' ' allison says when she finally takes a breath . miriam is the newest member of our support group that i met last year , and has both supported me and sheltered me for the first two years of college . ` ` brynn , i ' m so proud of you ! i mean , proud of how many years and thousands of people you worked for this moment ! ' ' she says . i laugh . ` ` do n ' ever leave me ! ' '