i wince , thinking of how much of my time i ' ve spent while huddled in the back stacks of the library . not that miriam and allison are just slouches either , far from it , all three of us could probably draw you a map of the campus from here . ` ` and if it gets too cold in the winter , you can always come crash with us , ' ' allison says . she and miriam have been roommates since sophomore year , and will be starting next year . they ' ve always invited me to apply for housing with them , but after freshman year , i decided i was too much of an outsider for roommates . ` ` the kitchen is probably the best and worst part of the whole house , ' ' i say . the other rooms have almost no trappings of the outside world , so in the winter all you need to keep yourself warm is your own body warmth . it sounds nice enough , but after last january , i think i might be lonely . ` ` are you working tonight ? or can we go ? ' ' miriam asks . i work in the cafeteria as part of my work - study program to offset the cost of my tuition . ` ` maybe we could go to dinner together , then watch a movie ? ' ' ` `well , i ' m still nervous , ' ' i reply , ca ##ily bubbling up from my stomach , ` ` but i was thinking i might go out with these guys from my poli - sci class . ' ' there ' s a long silence before allison speaks . ` ` oh , cool . . . sounds good . what are you two going to do ? ' ' ` ` um , they invited us to this party at the crew house , ' ' i reply , beginning to tug at the ends of my long blonde hair - a nervous habit that only ever gets out of control during finals . ` ` the crew house ! ? ' ' allison asks , and i ca ##uld ' t help but roll my eyes at her theatrics . ` ` brynn , you know as well as we do that those parties are nasty ! i heard that last year two of their team members had food poisoning in one night ! ' ' ` ` well , there are only two on the team , so i think that might be an exaggeration , ' ' i murmur . ` ` but i have maybe an excuse - ' ' ` ` brynn , the thing is , those guys are notoriously mean , ' ' miriam cuts in . ` ` i just want tonot for myself , ' ' i say , trying to keep the frustration out of my voice . ` ` i ' ll call you back tomorrow morning . ' ' ` ` but . . . ' ' allison says quietly . ` ` bye ! ' ' i say quickly , before miriam can finish her argument , and hang up . as wonderful as my three best friends are , i never get tired of how uptight they can be sometimes . not that i do don ' t know where it comes from . the three of us were n ' t very popular during high school , and when we met each other during our freshman year orientation , it was such an amazing feeling to be with like - minded friends . we were all good friends , actually , with a passion for fantasy novels that will star viggo mortensen in the movie series . but now , i ' m starting to wonder about the boundaries of our friendship . especially when it comes to going out to parties , and boys . on my early morning walk to the library , i see them walking the walk of shame around campus , their makeup smeared across their faces , hair rumpled , and sometimes i feel pity , and sometimes intense jealousy . that post - sex glazed over look . . . if i 'm honest with myself , i want that too . and i tell myself that if i had my own room , i ' d go to a party . a real college party . the kind miriam and allison roll their eyes at when they see how many brain cells the attendees are killing by the second . this college party is the perfect opportunity . i ' m trying not to get my hopes up , but there is a possibility that i might actually get to talk to nate thornhill tonight . just the thought of his name is enough to send tingles down my spine , though i know the real - life nate could probably never live up to the fantasy i ' ve built up in my mind . i still remember the first time i saw him , walking across campus the first weekend of fall break of freshman year . i would ' ve bet my life savings that he was a teenager . compared to the boy i had just left behind in high school , he was already a full - grown man . he wore a navy blue polo like it was a second skin as he strode across the grass , princeton ' s palladian architecture stretching out behind him like it was built as a set for a movie he was starring in . he wore his wavy brown hair on the long side , and his back tokeep it out of his bright blue eyes . his nose was perfectly straight and curved over a pair of soft , full lips and a chin with an actual dimple in it . if it were possible for ryan christensen and a woman to have a child , the result would be nate thornhill . i later learned that he was a double major like me , and since one of mine is political science and one of his is business , we overlapped in a lot of our core courses .