i expected him to sit in the back with the rest of the jocks . he was sitting in the front row , trying to raise his voice with his questions . i usually hide out in the center of the room ; my shyness got me in those big math classes . i ' ve never worked up the courage to really talk to him , and besides , he always has a hot girl on his arm . with his looks , charm , and being a star of both the lacrosse and crew teams , he draws women in like a magnet . but tonight ? tonight i have promised myself that if he ' s at the party , i am going to introduce myself . i shoot off a quick text to cara , my best friend from school , to confirm that i ' ll see her tonight , and then head to my closet . i really only have one thing to wear tonight : a short , slinky black camisole with black lace inlay that i bought at the mall in spite of miriam and allison ' s naysaying . i still don ' t know what i was buying it for tonight , but it ' s the kind of thing i ' ve seen other girls wear to parties . i pull on jeans and a pair of boots that are worth a lotlow to be honest , but they ' ll have to do . it ' s not like i have extra money to get added to my wardrobe . i take out the drug store bag that i bought and sit at my desk . i never usually wear anything but chapstick , but i watched some youtube tutorials and feel like i can master some of the techniques . with a compact mirror , i can put on a little concealer , blush , # # ##liner , and black mascara . i bought an eyeliner , but i do don ' t use it . i think it ' s a little beyond my reach . with a swipe of some black lip gloss , i ' m done . i close the closet door and check myself in the full - length mirror . with a start , i see myself in the reflection . i turn my face side to side , looking for all its imperfections . with a little makeup on , my resemblance to my mom is more pronounced . everyone always said she was pretty , so maybe it ' s possible that i could be pretty , too . the top is more low - cut than i remembered , and i touch my breasts self - consciously . i get my large c - cups from my mom also , but i ' ve always kept them coveredup . i hate how people get distracted by them , like they ' re some jim beam sucking them dry . one more quick glance to check my college id , and i nod to myself , satisfied . it ' s been a long time coming , but i think i ' m finally ready to party . chapter twelve the spring night air is warm on my skin as i walk across campus to meet cara and her friends . i see other students heading out for the night and feel compelled to count myself among them . i go over my rules for myself as i near the crew house , which is just down the street from campus . no more than two drinks . no talking about classes . no talking with nate thornhill . ` ` brynn ! ' ' cara calls from the opposite sidewalk . i wave as i walk by . ` ` m ' can ' t believe you got a lawn room ! that ' s awesome ! ' ' i lean over to give her a hug . she ' s an effortlessly cool , petite brunette - the kind of girl that everyone considers to be their friend . ` ` cara ! ' ' ` ` holy shit ! you got a lawn room ? are you , like , a model or something ? ' ' her friend rachel asks , her jaw dropping . ` `i wish ! ' all those letters would have given me even more time to write , ' ' i say with a laugh . ` ` cara says you ' ve never been to a crew meeting ? ' ' marie , the youngest of the girls , asks . ` ` nope . . . i never made my way out here i guess , ' ' i reply , assessing the situation . ` ` well , they have the best guys , ' ' she assures me . ` ` and the best girls . ' ' ` ` the guys are cool , ' ' rachel says . ` ` of course , if you can just have both . . . ' ' marie says , and they burst into laughter . ` ` hey , you look great , by the way , ' ' cara says to me as we walk up the front steps of the house . ` ` and that top . ' ' ` ` thanks , ' ' i reply , trying not to blush . a few guys out on the front porch call the two girls by name , and i blush as i feel their eyes move over me . i tug my hair self - consciously and one of them grins at me . two girls walk past us in the opposite direction . one leans against the wall as her friend cara manages to pullher smile back , she disappears into the bushes . lovely . ' and the smell of beer surround us as we step inside . the lights are dim , barely illuminating the crowd of people spilling into the main room , and i notice my shoes sticking to the hardwood floor . ` ` cara , the love of my life ! ' ' a tall , blond guy says , pulling her up into a hug .