i remember him from the swim team . not that i ' ve studied their group dynamics or anything . . . ` ` ha , ha , ha , ' ' cara says , rolling her eyes , but something about the look in her eyes tells me she likes the guy . ` ` can i get you ladies a beer ? ' ' he asks , nodding to the group behind him . ` ` yes , please , ' ' cara says . ` ` hey , foster , this is my good friend brynn . this is her entire crew , so treat her nice . ' ' ` ` i ' m being nice ! ' ' foster says indignantly , then bows in front of me and extends his hand . ` ` ' ' kay , ' ' he says , and i place my hand in his and raises it to his lips . marie and cara laugh and then head off to a table where he hands them their beers . cara and i follow foster over to an old , paint stained , couch in the corner . we weave through the scantily clad co - eds , and for the first time in my life , i feel like one of the rich kids . i sit down on the # ##thest cushion . cara sits next to me , with foster on her right side . islowly sip my beer as foster whispers in her ear . i ' ve had alcohol before , even gotten tipsy a few times with allison and miriam when we both turned twenty - one and checked out some wine bars . i just want to make sure i do n ' t overdo it tonight and end up like that guy we passed on the way here . ` ` where ' s nate tonight ? ' ' my head snaps around as i hear cara ask foster the question . my heart stops for a second . i have to admit i ' ll be crushed if he ' s not in here . ` ` he ' s somewhere around , probably getting lost under a pile of chicks , ' ' foster rolls his eyes , and cara laughs . i down half my beer . i ' n ' t know how good that makes me feel , i ' ve never even met the guy . cara and foster keep talking , and though cara makes an effort to include me , i ' m feeling too weak to contribute anything to the conversation . by the time i finish my beer , i really have to pee . ` ` be right back , ' ' i say to cara , and start looking for the bathroom . i push through the sweaty bodies to a hallway near the stairs . i find a lineof five girls outside of what i assume is the bathroom , and with a sigh , i walk into the last one . the door opens and the guy steps in front of the first girl . ` ` hey ! ' ' she protests . ` ` sorry ! emergency ! ' ' he says , and shuts the door behind him . i lean back a little and look up the stairs . there are several people hanging out on the landing , but it ' s definitely quieter up there , and i ' m guessing there ' s more than one bathroom in this house . holding my legs tightly together , i turn around and hurry up the stairs . i pass the first two rooms with open doors and head to a few closed doors . i can see a room at the end of the hall that looks like a lounge , with a small table in the center of the room . one of these other rooms must be the bathroom . i walk toward the other one and press my ear against it . i still don ' t hear anything . i knock again and wait for a response , and when i do n ' t hear one , i slowly turn the knob and open the door . i gasp as it ' s thrown open and out of my hands . my eyes fly open and immediately i see that natenate standing behind me . ` ` i . . . i . . . ' ' i stammer . his pupils dilate as he stares at me in amusement . i let my gaze fall to his body . he ' s naked except for a pair of pale blue boxers . good lord , his body is perfect . the skin down to his six - pack looks like it was etched in marble . it ' s suddenly very hard to breathe . ` ` see anything you like ? ' ' he asks drily . i bring my gaze back up . a stray lock of hair hangs down under one of his eyes . i clear my throat as i try to think of something to say . i feel his eyes travel down my body , my skin burning under his gaze . desire begins to pool in my belly . ` ` no , no , i mean - ' ' ` ` you wan na see us ? ' ' he says , pushing the door open a little wider . i look over his shoulder and see a little girl in bed covered in rumpled sheets . ` ` nate ! ' ' the girl says with a laugh , and pulls a sheet up over her breasts . ` ` come on . if you two hadn ' t already naked , i ' d say you were undressingme with your eyes , ' ' he says softly to me . i feel my cheeks turn scarlet . ` ` oh , sorry , ' ' i say , rolling my eyes and rushing down the hall to the kitchen as i hear the girls burst into giggles behind me . i run straight out of the front door and down the front steps before stopping on the porch to process what ' s just happened .