ugh , i ' m such an idiot . i raise my hand to my mouth and wipe the back of my hand across my lips , smearing all my lip gloss . i do n ' not belong at parties like this , and i certainly do don ' t belong with nate thornhill . i ' ve never been so embarrassed in my life . . . and how ironic , asking me to join him and that girl as though i already would ? the tears build up behind my eyes and threaten to spill over . i had such high hopes for tonight , such high hopes for him . and it ended up being so gross . i pull my phone out of my wristlet and shoot off a quick text to cara : hey , i got a terrible feeling . headed back to my dorm . see you later ! i run back across campus and to the safety of my dorm room . my phone buzzes and i pull it back out to read her text : feel better ! i like cara . everything seems to come so naturally to her . she could fit in anywhere , make friends with anyone . i guess i ' m just not that kind of person , much as i ' d like to be . chapter three the words are a blur on the page in front of me . i open myno . i did ##n ' t sleep much last night , and now i do n ' t concentrate on my classes . we have a few days off at the beginning of the semester to study , and take final exams . i do ##n ' t let myself slip away because i have a lawn job , but the events of last night are killing me and sleep right now is almost impossible . my phone rings on the desk next to me . ` ` hey , mom ! ' ' i say as i look up . ` ` hey , honey ! i just had you text me a text yesterday ! i ' m sorry . i went out with pierce . ' ' her excited voice sounds a little breathless , like it always does when she talks about this new boyfriend . ` ` well , i have some good news . ' ' ` ` me , too ! ' ' she replies . ` ` great ! um , do you want to go first ? ' ' ` ` actually , i ' m going to be in town tonight . pierce and i were hoping to have dinner with you . ' ' ` ` you ' re in town ? ! that ' s the news . ' ' she laughs . ` ` no , that ' s not the news ! do you want to try to tell me yournews until then ? ' ' ` ` um , sure . why not ? everything ' s ok , though , right ? ' ' ` ` everything ' s ok ! we have a reservation for 7 o ' clock at night . should we pick you up ? ' ' ` ` no , that ' s ok . it ' s just a short walk from here . ' ' ` ` great ! oh , i ' m so happy to see you ! ' ' she smiles . ` ` me too ! ' ' i check my phone , thinking . now i ' m definitely not going to be able to study . my mom ' s never seen me like this before . i wonder . could she and alec be together , and she wants to tell me in person ? i guess i ' d be happy for her , but i ' ve never met this guy before . what if he ' s just one more jerk in the long line of guys that she seems to attract ? my mom is so beautiful and always loved the attention her looks get her , but her vanity has always worried me . men are so willing to sacrifice everything for her , but they never seem to be the right kind of men . because of their character , she ' s always had a constant stream ofadmirers , and has never tried to do anything for herself . she just don ' t know who she is or how to handle herself . when i came along , my father showed his true colors and left us , and she had no one to fall back on as a twenty - four year - old single mother . i had promised myself that i would n ' ever let myself depend on a woman like her . i wanted to make sure i could make my own way in the world , which is probably why i ' ve had my nose in a book my whole life . after several more hours of fruitless study , i decide to get ready a little early so that i can take a walk around campus before i meet my mom and her new friends . i put on a light summer dress and grab a cardigan in case the restaurant gets chilly . i start to feel a little calmer when i reach the door and see the rotunda ' s white walls in front of me . the color always surprises me , and this time i ' ll definitely be living here . i stand in front of the women ' s side of the lawn - genders are different - and wonder which side will be mine . my mind goes back unbidden to last night . i so hopedto be able to expand my horizons a little . as wonderful as i think getting a hotel room is , it ' s not everything . the way nate ' s body looked in the low light from the hallway . . . the small tuft of hair that showed just above his boxers . . . the way he looked at me . i realize i ' m tugging on my hair absent - mindedly , and shake my head at myself - i need to get it straight .