i hear him give a sharp intake of breath and then his hand twitches as he tries to shift position against the pain . i press down harder . suddenly he yanks his hand away and i barely manage to stop my hand in time so the blood ' n ' t hit my mouth . he turns to me and smiles , a mischievous glimmer in his eyes . he was flirting with me , i think . that ' s his way of taking responsibility for me showing him up in front of his dad ? what a total creep ! i turn toward him with a fake smile plastered on my face . ` ` if you ' re that mad about something , bring it up with your dad , do don ' t take it out on me . i did try to turn you down . ' ' i hiss into his ear . he turns to me with an equally fake smile . ` ` i ' ll do whatever the hell i like , sis . ' ' he says quietly so our parents probably doesn ' t hear . the rest of the meal passes without nate making another eye pass at me . the gears in my brain refuse to move as i think about how i ' m going to be spending the next summer , and how many more seasons , living with this guy . my life has beencompletely different now , and i need some time to process everything . after the waitress brings our coffee cups and pierce takes care of the bill with a fake business card , we stand up to say goodbye . they ' re going to fly back to maryland , since it was only three hours . i hug pierce first , then my mom . ` ` i know this was a lot to take in , honey . we ' ll smooth everything over , i promise , ' ' she says reassuringly , then kisses me on the cheek . i smile at her and start to tear up - i ' m pretty overwhelmed . nate surprises me by leaning in for a hug as our parents look on with a smile . ` ` nice to meet you , ' ' he says , then whispers almost silently in my ear , ` ` sorry , we ' ll never get another chance to see that threesome , sis . ' ' i freeze as he kisses my back , and then breaks away . he smiles . and now he must finally know how attracted i am to him . i have a feeling i ' m never going to hear the end of it . chapter twelve ` ` i do don ' t want to question the relationship , it was just so sudden , ' ' i explain to my mom .she drives me home from the airport . i almost never fly to and from college , but she does . my biggest worry is that nate and i might be on the same flight , but luckily his flight left earlier than mine . i want as much time as possible to prepare myself for our trip . ` ` okay , i get it , i really do , ' ' my mom assures me . ` ` you can ask me anything about him , or me and nate , and i wo n ' t get upset . ' ' ` ` he treats you well ? ' ' ` ` he ' s wonderful . he ' s always surprising me with his gifts , gifts , gifts . ' ' don ' t know what i ' ve done to deserve him . ' ' ` ` well , i think you ' re pretty great . ' ' i sigh heavily . ` ` no , i did n ' t mean it like that ! i just mean , he treats me like a princess . and the house is like a palace , ' ' she adds , pointing to her house . i gasp at the huge mansion we ' re driving past . ` ` shut up . that ' s his house ! ? it ' s huge ! ' ' ` ` i know , right ? ' ' my momreplies with a laugh . ` ` he has servant ' s quarters ! maybe you ' ll get used to it , eventually . ' ' ` ` there ' s a maid ? ' ' ` ` he used to have a cook / maid who would cook for him , but now i do most of that myself . i like having someone else to cook for again . the maid only comes once a week now to do some really good work , ' ' she explains as we pull through the wrought - iron gate into the driveway . ` ` are you still working at the salon ? ' ' she used to support herself as a manicurist at the hair salon back in our small town in southern maryland . ` ` nope , not anymore . i ' m volunteering , though , and thinking of joining some charitable organization , ' ' she says nonchalantly . my mom , a woman who lunches , i think , shakes my head . i do don ' t know if i can do that . my mom presses a button on the car ' s dashboard and one of the two garage doors opens . we pull in and i look around at the small space as the door closes behind us . if i ' m this in on half the size of the house , i ' n ' t knowhow i ' ll feel about the rest of the place . after the meal , which took over an hour because the house is so large , my mother finally leads me to my bedroom . my head is swimming with the lavishness of my new home . as we walk down the plushly decorated hallway , i ' m alarmed to realize that i can actually smell nate . he must be here somewhere . i ' ve been dreading seeing him again and hoped i ' d have more time to settle in before our first confrontation .