` ` here ' s nate ' s room , ' ' my mom says as we approach the partially open door . ` ` he ' s here somewhere right now . ' ' i shake my head at myself . i wish i could turn off the part of my brain that ' s attracted to him . if anything , though , my erotic dreams about him have only become more frequent and more intense ever since he laid his hand on my thigh . ` ` and here ' s your room . ' ' i say ##va ' t . it ' s right next door to nate ' s room . there are so many rooms in this house - i would have preferred to have a bit more space between us . ` ` whoa , ' ' i say as she pushes the door open , and my worries about the room are forgotten . a canopy with a soft blue fabric pattern on it hangs over the four - poster bed in the center of the room . a small nightstand , dresser , and vanity make up the rest of the room . the carpet has a light , blue and white pattern with white birds on it that complements the light , warm feel of the room . i grab the rest of my luggage and walk around the to the love seat and sit on the. there ' s a spectacular view of the hudson river - - the house was probably built to go with the beautiful location . i glance to my left . ` ` is that my own bathroom ? ' ' ` ` yup - no more secrets ! ' ' my mom says happily . i step inside and admire the all - white walls and marble floors . i ' ve never been in a house this nice . i ' n ' t think i ' m ever going to call this place home from now on . ` ` you want anything to eat ? ' ' my mom asks from the kitchen . ` ` um , yeah , that would be great , ' ' i say over my shoulder . ` ` sure , i ' ll make something up . you stay here and get ready . i ' ll be in the kitchen when you ' re ready to go . ' ' i wander back into the bedroom as my mom comes up the stairs . there is one question i have that i ' n ' t bring myself to ask her . it ' s just . . . i know my mom worries about me , about me graduating from school with so much debt . it ' s not that i think she would have married pierce just for the money , but i worry that it might have beenher judgment ##al mess . they got married so quickly - does she really know him that well ? maybe i ' m just falling back into my usual pattern of co - dependency and ignoring her . she ' s a grown woman , i ca ##uld ' t control what she does and i ' m not responsible for her decisions . . . not to mention , i am hugely relieved to not have to carry around student loans for the rest of my life . i kick my shoes off and sink back down onto the window seat . the water is a dark green sliver barely visible through the bushy trees that line the edge of the estate and continue down to the pool . i startle when a figure breaks the surface . i recognize nate ' s silhouette as he walks up from the back deck to the pool , a lacrosse stick tucked over his shoulder . sheesh - is he training already ? school just started ! i bite my lip as i watch him toss the stick onto the deck and peel off his shirt . he uses it to wipe the sweat off his face , then throws it on a chair and kicks off his sneakers . his body is just . . . impossible . i mean , i guess it makes sense . two varsity sports are probably enough to give anyone a body like histhank god , but he also has the body to match . he jumps in the pool and i watch him swim a lap , the cool blue water cascading over his muscular chest and shoulders . i need to get used to seeing him like this - and not acting like a total freak every time we ' re in the same room . this is my new life . ` ` your food ' s ready ! ' ' my mom calls out , her voice echoing a bit in the multi - level kitchen . i jump up and run downstairs . i walk into a small dining room before finding my way to the kitchen . i smile when i realize the kitchen windows look directly out onto the ocean . 6 . ` ` ' ca n ' t believe nate ' s jumping in the pool . the water ' s so clear , ' ' my mom says . ` ` yeah , he ' s already . . . ' ' i reply , before i really understand what she says . i ' m too distracted by nate ' s movements , his arms cutting cleanly through the water . ` ` so you two never once ran into each other on campus in the four years you ' ve been at uva ? ' ' she asks , dropping a plate onto the small table in the breakfast room .we sit down across from each other and i start talking . ` ` well , i . . . we had nothin ' not ever since . ' ' ` ` nate ? ' ' my mom asks , hearing a slight edge in my voice . ` ` well , nate ' s pretty well known around here . he starts on the dance and crew teams , he ' s smart , he - ' ' i stop myself and have to clear my throat . ` ` good - looking ? ' ' my mom asks with a smile . ` ` mom . . . ' ' i pause .