i head upstairs with my messenger bag still over my shoulder . the huge house is silent as i walk up the steps and into the hall . nate must still be getting his essays . my mom told me he got one from some think tank downtown . i drop my bag as i walk into my room and push the door almost shut behind me with my hip . i ca ##v ' t wait to get this skirt off . it ' s my new pencil skirt , and it ' s a little tight around my waist . i step into the bathroom and turn on the hot faucet in the sink . i tie my hair behind my ears with a loose elastic and splash some cool water on my skin . these days are always quiet , but i think today was unusually so . as i look back in to my room , filled with water , i see something moving in the mirror . i stare at it blankly , not understanding what i ' m seeing . the mirror above the sink is reflecting the mirror above my head in the bathroom , which is in turn reflecting an image from my partially open bedroom door . it ' s nate , i think . he ' s right outside my door , and he does ##n ' t realize i can see him . i look back at the sink ,pretending to watch the last of the water as it goes down the drain . a shiver of excitement runs through me at the thought that nate could actually be interested in me - i mean , he ' s there , right now , with me . before i know what i ' m doing , before i can think of all the reasons not to , i slowly move my hands to my lower back and undo the button at the front of the shirt , then lift my dress . i let it fall in a pile at my feet , then step out of it . i look around carefully and nate is standing there in the double doors . allison ' s voice echoes in my head but i keep going . i feel high , high on the feeling that i ' m being watched . i grab hold of the back of my rather shapeless dress in my hands and pull it up over my head , then toss it onto the floor . as i look myself in the mirror , i try to imagine what someone else might see when they look at me , without my constant , interior monologue telling me nasty things about myself . do i have the kind of body that someone like nate could find attractive ? stripping down to my bra and underwear , i begin to feel awkward , but i stand up tounclasp my bra . i feel the clasp loosen on my bra and bring my hands up to catch it as it falls . ` ` brynn ? you home ? ' ' i hear my mom call from the stairs . i turn , holding the bra against my chest . i glance around . nate is gone . ` ` yup , i ' m home ! ' ' i yell back . ` ` i like your shoes ! i ' m coming down - i want to hear all about your first day . ' ' i hear her footsteps on the staircase and quickly refasten my bra . nothing like your mom ' s voice to kill your nerves . chapter eight the first few weeks of my new life seem to pass relatively quickly , mostly due to the fact that nate is hanging out with his friends after work , and our run - ins have been few and far between . i ' ve fallen into a routine of sorts , even if i really do don ' t feel like i ' m at home here . i ' d gone to bed early last night , with the intention of sleeping in this morning and visiting museums with allison later in the day . when a loud crash from downstairs wakes me - i glance bleary eyed at my alarm clock , i 's . 8 : 15am . who ' d be awake this early on a saturday morning ? i get out of bed and tiptoe to my door . i open it a crack and hear something moving around downstairs . i peek out into the hall and notice everyone ' s bedroom doors are locked . i know there ' s an alarm system - i have to memorize the passcode . maybe the escaped convict is exploring ? i creep down the hall and into the dining room . the noises sounded like they were coming from the kitchen . the swinging door is open , and i poke my head through it , my heartbeat pounding in my ears . suddenly , nate steps out in front of me . ` ` hey ! ' ' he says , and i jump back , startled . ` ` oh , god , i thought you were a burglar . ' ' ` ` then you should have called 911 , ' ' he retorts brusquely , turning his back to me and returning to the island . ` ` well , you should be glad i called o ' day . ' ' sheesh , does he have to do something wrong with everything i do ? ` ` what are you doing up so early anyway ? ' ' ` ` i' just hanging out . ' ' ` ` oh . this often ? ' ' i ask , looking around him . he ' s playing with something in front of him . ` ` yeah , every morning . i try to stay in shape during the off - season . ' ' ` ` i ' d be surprised if - ' ' i break off , when i see blood dripping from his palms onto the kitchen countertop . ` ` oh my god , you ' re bleeding ! ' '