i take a few more swallows of my beer as i look around , feeling more confident now that i know jackson is really into me . ` ` hey , i ' m going to get another beer , ' ' i tell him , as i finish mine . he stands up . ` ` do n ' t worry about it . i ' ll get ' em , ' ' he says , walking confidently into the living room . i watch the ping - ping as it ' s bouncing back and forth across the floor , and jackson is soon back with the beer . he launches into a story about this stupid party he went to back at school , but out of the corner of my eye i notice a couple walking down the aisle at the rear of the room , their hands all over each other , and feel a stab of envy in my chest . i am beyond ashamed of being a virgin . it ' s certainly not on purpose that i ' m twenty - one and i have haven ' t had sex yet . i guess i just assumed it would happen somehow , without my ever putting much thought into it , and i ' ve never brought it up like it ' s going to be some kinda special occasion , either . i look at jackson out of the corner of my eye as hemake short work of my second beer . maybe nate was right - maybe i am being serious and distant . maybe it would be better if i just got that out of the way . and i think jackson would be good at that . like , really good at it . plus , he ' s a decent guy . ` ` . . . do n ' t you think ? ' ' jackson asks me , leaning in . ` ` yeah , right , ' ' i reply , even though i want out and have no idea what he is talking about . my hair falls in front of my face as i take a sip of beer , and jackson reaches up and brushes it behind my ear . we make eye contact and he leans forward slightly , placing a soft kiss against my neck . ` ` ready to get out of here ? ' ' he whispers into my ear , sending a little shiver down my spine . ` ` my place is pretty close by , and we ' ll both be able to hear ourselves talk . ' ' ` ` um , yeah , that sounds good , ' ' i reply , a little breathless . jackson smiles and offers me his hand . i place mine in his and he leads me out toward the car . we pass nate on the way , with his arm wrapped aroundnatasha and his hands go into her back pockets . ` ` hey man , we ' re taking off . you think you could take another ride ? ' ' jackson asks . ` ` what do you mean ? you ' re just leaving ? ' ' nate asks , frowning . ` ` yup , we ' re going back to my place , man , ' ' jackson says . ` ` you cool for a minute ? ' ' ` ` yeah , come inside for a minute , ' ' nate says , his eyes flicking back and forth between us . he takes jackson ' s arm and pulls him toward a closed door in the back . ` ` not you , ' ' he says to me , as i begin to follow . i flinch at his words . they disappear out , and i look after them , my mouth open in shock and disbelief . i ca ##vin ' t believe the way nate talks to me sometimes . always dismissively . i exchange a polite smile with natasha , who is still pacing around the living room , clearly bored without nate . fuck nate . i ' ll do whatever the hell i want , and i want to know what he ' s doing . i walk past natasha , then open the screen door and step into the small , screened - in kitchen .there are fewer people out here , but there ' s still a crowd . i can just hear nate and jackson talking in the back room . i weave my way through the people , keeping my head down so they ' n ' t notice me . i take out my phone so i look like i ' m doing something other than eavesdropping , and slide into the booth next to them . i can just overhear what they ' re saying . ` ` so , do you like her nate ? ' ' jackson asks me . my eyes widen . ` ` fuck no , she ' s my stepsister . she ' s just weird , that ' s all . you two . she ' s not your type . ' ' i feel a stab of jealousy at the sound of nate ' s words . ` ` she ' s gorgeous , ' ' i hear jackson say . ` ` you think she ' s hot ? ' ' nate asks , starting to laugh . ` ` gorgeous ? oh , come on . besides , she ' s a fucking buzz kill . ' ' i do don ' t want to hear any more . i can already feel angry tears well ##ing behind my eyes . i ' m so confused . why do i keep giving nate the benefit of the doubt ,when he is so , such an asshole ? i walk slowly back downstairs , through the living room , and out to the street . i turn toward the right , where i can see a busier street , and hustle toward it . i know it ' s going to be a long cab ride back to the house , but i feel like i ' m about to explode into a fit of rage .