smart , but . . . ' ' ` ` ' he sounds like a bad person . i mean . . . i do don ' t know why you ' d want to be friends with a person like that . sorry , but i ' m just . . . ' ' i shake my head , trying to process this new version of him . ` ` i did . . . what you just said to him would match up with the things he was saying to me . honestly , i ca ##uld ' t believe i fell for him . ' ' ` ` he just wasn ' t always like that , ' ' nate says quietly , gesturing over to a framed photo sitting on his desk . i glance at it , then walk over to get a closer look . ` ` oh my god , is that you ? ' ' i ask , picking it up . it ' s a framed photo from elementary school , with pictures of little kids with their parents standing next to them . nate is easy to read . ` ` you look so serious , like you ' re on the way to the office or something . ' ' nate peers over my shoulder at me , his face an exact replica of his old self . ` ` that was the day my parents died , ' ' he says quietly . `` oh . oh , i ' m sorry . did you ever see her ? ' ' ` ` no . she has her own . ' ' he pauses for a moment . ` ` that boy ' s jackson , ' ' he says , pointing out a rather handsome boy . i snort . he had a nice smile even back then . ` ` i ' m glad you heard me say those things . he ' s the kind of guy who , if you tell him something ' s off limits , that makes him want you even more . he ' s never been without anything . so i thought it would be better to tell him that i ' didn ' t want you in the first place . ' ' i fiddle with the edge of the frame and then turn to face him . he ' s much taller than i thought he was . ` ` so . . . you do n ' t think those things about me ? ' ' i whisper , feeling suddenly shy . ` ` no , the exact opposite , actually , ' ' he replies , still shy . ` ` brynn you are gorgeous . ' ' there ' s a long moment between us . i can can ' t rip my gaze away from his eyes . i realize he ' s moving , ever so slowly, and my lips slowly part , my body taking over from my brain . every inch of my skin tingles , and i suddenly feel brave - a completely different reaction than anything i ' ve ever experienced being this close to him . just before his mouth touches mine , i close my eyes . as our lips press together , an electric feeling rushes through me , unlike anything i ' ve ever experienced before . his lips graze mine , then return a little more slowly , guiding me into a kiss . i ' ve been kissed by a lot of guys over the years , but this one is something else . nate is something else . his hands wrap around my waist and slide to the small of my back as his lips press against mine . all my doubts disappear , all my worries and insecurities - maybe it ' s that i can tell he knows exactly what he ' s doing , and that i can let myself go , lose myself in his touch . he lifts me up with his nose and his bottom lip brushes against mine . i almost gasp as i feel his tongue slide smoothly into my mouth . electricity shoots straight from my mouth to the base of my spine . i press my tongue against his as my hands move of their own accord up to his chest . ilay my cheek against his chest and feel his racing heartbeat and his rapidly rising and falling chest . it ' s my first clue that there ' s something else hidden beneath his normally calm exterior . his tongue moves deeper into my mouth , and his hands pull me close against his body . i wrap my arms around his neck and run my fingers through the hair and onto the collar of his polo . i can feel his erection pressing against my belly as he slips one hand under my shirt . i want nothing more than to rip my clothes off , jump on his bed , and be taken by him . . . to feel his mouth all over my body . . . inside me . . . suddenly he pulls away . i almost fall over in surprise . my eyes fly open . ` ` i should ##n ' t have done that , ' ' he says . ` ` what ? ' ' i whisper , falling quickly from my chair . ` ` it ' s just . . . you ' re my stepsister . maybe it ' s best if we just keep our distance from each other . ' ' ` ` yeah , you ' re right . . . ' ' i reply , feeling like he ' s just slapped me in the face . i walk quickly to the door . i walkbefore i say it , wish i could put into words what i ' m feeling , but i ca n ' t . i open the door and close it softly behind me before heading to my bed . as i curl up under the covers , i try to wrap my head around all the twists this night has taken . i ca n ' t . nate and i just kissed . i mean , i ' ve been dreaming about that moment since i first laid eyes on him freshman year .