i ' ve found that most things in life do don ' t live up to how i ' ve built them up in my head , and that kiss far surpassed any other . i can feel my body reacting to just the thought of his lips on mine again . but is he right ? was it wrong of me to think that ? light is creeping up the edges of my shades by the time i manage to fall asleep , and i still have n ' t managed to find an answer . chapter twelve nate and i pass the next few weeks as if we ' re being held by an invisible force field . whenever one of us enters a room , the other is thrown out of it . we ' re usually forced into close quarters with each other when we have a family dinner , though my mom has been using those on us more often in an effort to survive . if she only knew . tonight , however , nate ' s and my presence is required at the same event : the thornhill ' s annual fourth of july party . it ' s in our very own backyard , starting in the morning with the mud boil and extending through the evening fireworks . tonight we ' ll get a good view of the country club ' s annual fireworks display from across the river . my mom has absolutely insisted onbought her a new dress for the party , and she came into the dressing room with me to make sure it fit right . the white dress is not exactly my style , but i ' ve seen it on plenty of occasions at school . i ' m just worried about the tartar sauce on the new white dress . i pull on my favorite pair of gold heels , and walk downstairs to see if my mom needs any help . i ' m taken aback by the flurry of activity downstairs . as i step outside , i realize i ' ve underestimated the size of this party . when i heard ` ` crab boil , ' ' i was picturing a dozen picnic tables with red and white chairs , but this is clearly a classy party . there are elegant round tables set , with flowing fabric and beautiful centerpieces on top of them . the food is presented on silver plates , and candles festoon the perimeter . i spot my mom talking in low , urgent tones to one of the girls , and head over . ` ` oh , brynn , you look beautiful ! that dress fits you so well , ' ' she gushes . ` ` so . . . do you need any help ? ' ' ` ` mmm , no .i think we ' re ready . the guests should be here in about ten minutes . please , go get the freedom martini over at the bar and tell me what you think . i ' m worried it ' s a little too sweet . ' ' ` ` the freedom martini ? ' ' ` ` the new cocktail we created for this event , ' ' the caterer next to her chimes in with a chipper grin . ` ` ah , of course , ' ' i reply , heading for the bar . the bartender hands me a light pink drink and i take a sip . not too sweet - it ' s sweet , cool and refreshing . and the water ' n ' t too hot , either . the weather has managed to stay above ninety degrees for the party . i decide to go down to the river since i ' d probably feel better the way that they ' re warming up . i walk down to the back porch and down the steps . as i reach the shore , i navigate the rocky sand cautiously in my haste . a rock on the other side of the swimming pool catches my attention . i walk toward it and look down . nate ' s standing there , skipping rocks with a practiced sidearm motion . i pause , admiring his skill , and decide it ' s bestto just go back up to the lawn before he notices me . he ' s made it clear he ' n ' not want to talk to me . i turn back and as i do my heel catches on a rock . i gasp as i fall down , and feel his strong hands catching me under my arms to hold me up . ` ` whoa , babe , ' ' he says as he pulls me up . ` ` thanks , ' ' i say as i turn to him and tuck my hair back behind my ear . ` ` you tired from the commotion , too ? ' ' ` ` no . i do don ' t really enjoy these events . ' ' ` ` really ? you ' re so . . . ' ' i trail off . ` ` what ? ' ' he asks with a smirk . i shrug . ` ` fine . i was going to ... ' sorry , ' ok ? ' ' ` ` i get it , ' ' he says jokingly . ` ` well , whatever charm you might be projecting has probably developed over many years of practice . my dad has been dragging me to these kinds of events for years . i know the routine . smile , shake hands , tell the kinds of jokes that do n ' t make anyone laugh too hard . ' '` ` sounds . . . boring . but at least there ' s a lot of free time . ' ' he gives me a sideways glance . ` ` right . sometimes i think i do don ' t have to worry about that stuff anymore . ' ' ` ` you were , um , pretty well - off before our marriage - ' ' he drops his gaze . ` ` i ' d say we were poor . but that was just the way we grew up .