could that ' d be the case ? ' ' his smile fades a little . ` ` what i do don ' t feel like doing . ' ' ` ` well , i guess there ' s a first time for everything . just stay out of my life , okay ? ' ' i say , and walk toward the door . ` ` i ' ll stay out of yours if you stay out of mine , ' ' he says . i turn to face him , ` ` is that what this is about ? you ' re mad because i told you your mom died , and you tried to ruin my date ? ' ' i hold out my hands in surrender . ` ` no , it really wasn ' t that . ' ' ` ` so what ? i really don ' t have time to play games with a crazy man - whore . ' ' ` ` i ' m sorry , alright ? i just really don ' t like seeing you with that guy . . . something about his face is just , so punch - drunk , ' ' he says , standing up and walking over to me . ` ` what ? this is the second time you ' ve come between me and a guy . ' ' i hold up a hand to stop him from leaving . ` ` and yeah ,i mean , he ' isn ' t a good guy , but that ' s not the case with greg , right ? he ' s a good guy . so tell me , why do you care ? ' ' i challenge him as he stares down at me . there ' s a long pause as his pupils dilate , i can practically feel him struggling with the truth , but i refuse to move until he says it . ` ` you know why , ' ' he says , looking me in the eyes , his voice low and husky . before i know what ' s happening , his arms are around me , pulling me against him . his kiss takes my breath away - his hands slide up under my shirt , grabbing at my bra strap and quickly undoing the clasps . his mouth devours mine as he reaches back around my waist and picks me up effortlessly , bringing us over to his bed . as nate puts me down , i realize my bra is hanging just over the back , and he breaks away from our kiss to rip off my top . he turns to look down , my nipple spilling out of my limp hand and digging into my neck . ` ` oh god , brynn , i have to taste you , ' ' he groans . i gasp as he sinks his teethinto my skin and then flicks his tongue along my taut neck muscles on his way up to my ear . my knees buckle as his tongue slides into my skin , and i grab onto his neck for support . my brain ' can ' t keep up with what ' s happening , and my thoughts are a blur , but my body is turning me on , too . as he sucks on my earlobe , i slide my hands up and under his shirt , finally touching the skin i ' ve coveted for so long . his muscles are even harder than i thought they would be , and they flex under my soft fingertips . i keep moving my hands upward , feeling his nipples harden beneath my palms , and i feel the growing bulge of his cock pressing against my stomach . . . i turn nate thornhill on . holy fuck . the thought drives me crazy and i feel myself instantly grow wet with need , my body trembling with illicit , sinful lust . no one has ever made me feel this way before . he pulls back for a moment and pulls off his shirt , tossing it carelessly to the ground , displaying his incredible body for all its glory . thousands of hours spent at the gym on and on the outside have already sculpted his muscles into a fucking masterpiece for me .he then reaches up and grabs my bra straps in his expert fingers , sliding them off my shoulders and tossing my bra onto the pile of clothes on the floor . i shiver involuntarily as he looks down my exposed body , exhaling softly out of his mouth . he sinks to his knees in front of me and leans down , kissing me lightly on my stomach . i place my hands on his shoulders as he moves up , running his tongue underneath the crease of my breasts . i cry out as he takes my right breast into his mouth , sucking gently on my nipple . he brings his hand up to cup my left breast , and i dip my head back , feeling desire rush through my body like i never have before . i feel his fingers slide over the top of my skirt and slowly pull it down . his mouth moves to my right nipple , softly biting it and flicking his tongue back and forth across my areola . i let my dress fall to the floor and his hands slide up my legs from my hips , his fingers hooking around my inner thigh . he dips his head and kisses me , just below the top of my white cotton underwear . ` ` i ' ve been dreaming about how good you taste , ' ' he murmurs , almost whispering. he pulls my panties down just a little and runs his tongue over the newly exposed skin . i begin to shake , a mixture of unbridled desire and nerves , as he slides my panties down to my ankles . i feel his warm breath on my skin , and a second later his mouth is on me , kissing and touching my most intimate of places .