i had just finished cleaning up the glass of water i knocked off the table when i dropped a piece of chicken off my fork and onto my shirt . ` ` sorry i could ##n ' t make it home , guys , ' ' pierce says . ` ` looks like you could have used some good food . nate should n ' t have sent you on any dangerous trips . ' ' ` ` no , it was n ' t dangerous , ' ' i rush to nate ' s defense . ` ` he was trying to teach me how to spot poison ivy , though , and i fell right off the trail . i ' n ' t realize how close i was to the ground and the ground just gave way beneath me . it was all my fault . he was the one who picked me back up and taped my mouth . ' ' ` ` well , it could ##n ' t hurt to have you looked after by a doctor on monday , ' ' my dad points out . ` ` i think it ' ll be okay , dad , ' ' i insist . ` ` anyone want some ? ' ' my dad asks . ` ` no , thanks , ' ' nate and i both respond at the same time . i bite my lip to keep from laughing . ` ` what ' s so funny? ' ' he asks , looking at his mom , his voice still quiet . ` ` no joke , ' ' i reply quietly . ` ` i ' ll help you set the table , mom . ' ' we both stand and grab a couple plates and head into the kitchen . as soon as the front door closes behind me , i hear pierce ' s voice . even though his words are muffled , i can tell by his tone that he ' s berating nate for something . i look at my mom . she turns on the water and starts rinsing off the dishes and putting them into the dishwasher . ` ` is it ok with you that he talks to nate like that ? ' ' ` ` it ' s between the two of them , ' ' my mom replies , without looking up at me . i feel anger surge through me . ` ` you keep trying to make them your family , and then you wo n ' t get involved in their relationship . you wo n ' t have it both ways . ' ' before she can respond , i spin back around and into the dining room . everyone starts still talking as i leave the kitchen , and i quickly clear the table of the dishes before heading upstairs to my room . i take a deep breath .i close my bedroom door behind me . i just don ' t want to have this night ruined by my anger at my parents and nate . i walk into the bathroom and turn on my shower . i still have n ' t had a chance to wash off the sweat from our kayaking and hiking trips today , and i want to smell like a shower too . my body shakes with anticipation as i peel off my tank and shorts . i glance down at my bare ankle , wondering if it ' s ok to get naked . just fine . i pull on my sports bra and shorts and then check myself in the mirror , running my hands over my breasts and then down my stomach . nate ' s already seen me naked , i remind myself , as butterflies surge up in my stomach . and i already know he likes me . everything will be fine . i step under the hot stream of water and take my time washing my hair . once the conditioner works , i shave my legs and my bikini line , going a little bit narrower than i would like . i know that a lot of girls at school go completely bare , but i ' n ' t allow myself to go that far . i turn off the water and towel myself off , then part my hair in the mirror and let itto sleep . i pull a pair of cotton pajama bottoms and a camisole from my bureau and put them on . i ' m not sure if that ' s wise or not , but i ' m trying not to overthink it . i ' m probably not succeeding , but i keep trying . i walk over to my computer and sit down . i know that nate will probably wait for our parents to go to bed before he does anything , so i ' ve got a couple of hours to go at least . i begin to poke around the internet , but i ' m not able to interest myself in anything . i keep wondering what ' s going to happen next . ' ' don ' t want to get my hopes up , but i think i have an idea . ' at least , i know what i want to do . i finally decide to play some mindless tv on hulu , and settle back in my chair . ` ` goodnight , brynn ! ' ' i can hear my mom calling as she heads up to the third floor . i freeze . ` ` goodnight ! ' ' i call back , and immediately begin tugging at the ends of my hair . i keep watching tv until i hear her heading upstairs , too , so i grab my laptop andhurry into the bathroom , groaning as i put too much weight on my right ankle . i run my fingers through my hair and decide i should brush my teeth . just as i ' m putting my brush back down , i hear a soft knock on my door . my heart jumps in my chest . i walk back into my bedroom just in time to see the door open and nate poke his head in .