` ` just like that . slow and easy at first . ' ' he drops his hand and i keep going , feeling the soft , veiny flesh of his cock tighten slightly at my touch . he takes my other hand and places it on his balls , rubbing them with it . his hands immediately drop by his sides , and i look up to see his eyes widening and his lips parted . slowly , i lean forward and , tucking my tongue between my teeth , i take him into my mouth . i hear him groan and i smile inwardly . he does don ' t know that i ' ve read my fair share of sex books , even if i ' ve never actually put anything into practice . i begin running my hand down his length , testing how far in i can take him . i pause when he hits the inner wall of my mouth , where i ' m still poised at his base , and then begin to pull him out . ` ` oh , god , brynn . you sure you ' ve never done this before ? ' ' he asks me , eyes closed as i swirl my tongue around his tip and then take him deep inside my mouth . i move my hand back to his sac and stroke him again as i lick up and down his dick . i hear him gaspand feel his hand move to the back of my head , his fingers grasping my hair . ` ` fuck , ' ' he grunts , pulling his head back . ` ` stand up . ' ' normally when nate uses that tone with me and orders me about , it really gets under my skin . but right now , it ' s turning me the hell on . i jump to my feet . he quickly takes the elastic band of my pants and yanks them to the side . we stand facing each other again , the air between us charged . without taking his eyes off mine , he steps forward and spreads my legs . i cry out , as he slides his finger over my # ##ness , and pushes inside me . i almost fall apart at the strength of my reaction to his touch , and have to grab onto his shoulders to steady myself . he pulls me into him so that i ' m pressed against his chest , my head resting just under his chin . his finger moves in and out of me , and his tongue slides over my clit . i reach down and begin to run my hand up and down his length like he taught me , but i ' m so turned on that i ' m barely aware of what i ' m doing . ` ` you ' re not ready ,' ' he whispers . he pulls his fingers out of me and picks me up by the arms and lifts me onto the bed . in a second he ' s pushing my legs apart and kneeling between them . his head drops down and i buck wildly as his tongue takes a long lick of my clit . i feel him slip two fingers inside me , and i feel him swirl them all around , stretching me out . his tongue circles and flicks against me the whole time , until i begin to unravel . ` ` oh , nate , oh , nate ! ' ' i cry out , but he stops . i gasp at the sudden lack of contact and pick up my head to look at him . he ' s no longer between my legs , but standing to pull something out of his pocket . he smiles at me as he shows me the condom he ' s pulling out of his pocket . he rips one off and tears it open with his teeth , then tosses the rest onto the bed next to me as he stands back . i watch as he rolls it to his tip and slowly unrolls it down his shaft . then he lies back on the bed , his legs between mine , and lies down on top of me with his weight on his arms. ` ` this first time will probably hurt a little , but it ' ll be good enough , ' ' he says , tucking a strand of hair behind my ear . i nod slowly . he kisses me , his tongue gently stroking mine , as i feel his hardness against my opening . i ' can ' t believe it ' s finally happening . he reaches down , pulling my leg up and holding it against his hip . he takes his cock in his other hand , positioning it at just the right angle . i gasp as he enters me and the pain shoots through my entire lower half . i feel his hips stop their forward movement . he moves his mouth over to my ear , gently sucking on my earlobe and darting his tongue in and out as he moves forward again . the pleasurable sensation at my ear seems to distract me from the intense pressure i feel pressing into me . i close my eyes and wrap my legs around his back , willing myself to relax . i think i ' m in good shape . just when i think the pain might be more than i can bear , he stops , and i can feel the skin of his cock pressing against mine . he ' s all the way in . warmth wraps around me , and i feel my first stab of painat the sensation . he leans his head back and looks at me . ` ` ok ? ' ' he asks . i nod , still panting . without taking his eyes off me , he begins to pull himself out , all the way to his tip , before pushing in again .