then i close my lips over my teeth and wrap them around him , stretching my mouth wider to receive him . i move slowly down his length , wanting to make him feel as good as he ' s been making me feel . and to tease him a little , too , if i ' m being perfectly honest . i look up at him as i pull back , and see him biting his lip as he looks down at me . i circle his tip with my tongue for a moment as he watches me . i feel myself getting wet - maybe going down on him turns me on so much i do n ' t know , but it does . his fingers wrap around the back of my head , digging into my hair , as he throws his head back . i take him in my mouth , and begin to move faster . i bring one hand up to massage his balls , and wrap the other around his shaft , following my tongue . i still can n ' t fit his hard cock in my mouth , so i figure this is kind of a good idea . my eyes start to water a bit as i hear him begin to groan . i move even faster , wanting to feel him come in my mouth , and to taste him . ` ` oh , fuck , fuck , i ' m gonna, ' ' he says , and suddenly my mouth is filled with blood . i keep moving my head back and forth , as i feel it leak a little out of the corner of my mouth . should i swallow it ? i do n ' t know what else to do , so i lean back for a moment and let it slide down my throat . nate ' s taking deep breaths above me , his chest heaving , so i lean back slightly and stroke his shaft gently as it rises a bit . i guess i expected it to , you know , go down right away , but it stays mostly erect . i stand back up . to my surprise , he wraps his arms around me and kisses me . i thought he might feel some compunction about where my mouth has been , but his tongue slips in against mine and i melt against him . his hand slides up my back and he presses himself against me . ` ` how much longer do you think they ' ll be here ? ' ' he asks breaking away and bringing his other hand up to my face . ` ` no idea . ' ' ` ` well , i ' ll make this quick , just in case . ' ' he pushes me away and steps back . ` ` strip . ' ' i almost gasp at the pleasurehis command is rushing through me . i take off my shirt and my pants , then remove my bra and drop my panties to the ground as he watches . my lips part as he wraps his hand around his cock and it hardens completely instantly . ` ` i want you to go on birth control now , ok ? i ' n ' t want to have to wear a condom with you . ' ' ` ` does that feel so good ? ' ' ` ` oh yeah . and i want to feel myself right here against you . ' ' he walks over to his bedside table and pulls a condom out and tosses it on the bed . ` ` here , ' ' he says , holding his hand out to me . i walk over , and he turns me around , pulling my back against him . i feel his cock against the small of my back as he runs his fingers over my stomach and then down over my breasts , gently circling my nipples . i groan into his mouth . i ' ve never felt anything close to the way he makes me feel . ` ` a little faster and harder this time , okay ? ' ' he asks , and i nod , already beyond aroused . his fingers slide down and rub my clit , and i can hear the sounds of mywetness as he presses one finger inside me . ` ` you ' re already so wet . . . good girl . ' ' his other hand comes up to my face and turns my head so that i ' m facing him . he kisses me , hard , his tongue ravaging my mouth as his finger circles inside my entrance . his thumb flicks over my clit and i cry out in pleasure and surprise . as if he were just waiting for this response , he turns me over and lays me down on my back on the bed . he picks up the condom next to me and quickly tears it open and pulls it on . he grabs my hips and leans forward , pulling my ass up so that it ' s just on the edge of the bed . he bends over me , quickly pulling my breast into his mouth and gently sucking on my nipple . he shifts his weight onto his elbows and i feel him pressing against me . there ' s a little pain left over from last night , but also instant pleasure . he stretches me out , pushing slowly but firmly until he ' s all the way in . my hands dig into his back as he thrusts again , a little harder . then he stands up , still inside me , and pulls my legs up so that my calvesare resting on his shoulders . he moves his other hand to my hip , and i moan as he begins to circle my clit with his thumb . i cry out as he begins to move in and out of me at the same time , and i watch his face as he watches himself move toward my entrance .