the feel of his fingers on my clit and his cock inside me is quickly driving me crazy . ` ` aaggh , ' ' i cry out again , and nate ' s eyes snap up to my face . he drops his hand from my sex and leans back so that both of his hands are spread across the bed . my legs are still around his shoulders , and i can feel a slight stretch in my legs from this position . i ' m feeling completely helpless as he continues to pound into me in earnest now , his jaw clenched and his neck muscles bulging . i close my eyes and lose myself to the sensation of being drilled over and over again . he ' s hitting me so hard , and i ' m completely out of control and powerless . maybe that would make me safer with some other man , but i feel so safe with nate . as my orgasm begins to rip through me , i feel his hands gripping my shoulders tightly , pulling me back against him as he comes inside me . ` ` brynn , oh , fuck , brynn ! ' ' he shouts as he releases himself . my legs fall off his shoulders and splay onto the bed as he collapses on top of me . i gasp for air , andto wipe the sleep out of my eyes , i feel him stir on top of me . he picks his phone up and texts for a moment . ` ` they ' re still not home . ' ' ` ` no , probably not , ' ' i murmur , incoherently . ` ` good , ' ' he says with a wicked smile , and begins to kiss down the center of my chest as he slides to his knees on the bed . ` ` nate , what are you - oh , god , ' ' i gasp , as he takes a long lick of my nipple . ` ` i ca n ' t wait until tonight to taste you again . it ' s like i ' m addicted to this , to you . ' ' i close my eyes as he begins to flick his tongue across my clit . i thought i was completely worn out , but i ' m coming back to life very quickly under his deft touch . his hands push my legs to the side of the bed , spreading them wide apart so that he has better access and access . i feel his tongue slide in and out of me - a completely different sensation than when he uses his fingers . my back arches off the bed as he goes back to my clit , flicking it relentlessly. i whimper as i feel waves of pleasure begin to course through my body . my body begins to rock and shake , but nate ' s arms pin me firmly to the bed , and his tongue keeps flicking across mine . my body has no choice but to be completely directed to the reaction he ' s eliciting . for some reason , it ' s when nate backs off , that my body goes into a full - out orgasm , my back arching wildly off the bed , and the top of my head and my hips coming in contact with the mattress . ` ` oh my god , ' ' i breathe as i come down . i lift my head slightly and watch him lick his lips before lying down next to me on the bed and lazily flopping his arm around my waist . ` ` we should get dressed , ' ' he tells me , kissing me quickly before sitting back up . i sigh . where ' s he getting all this energy ? i feel like i could sleep for hours . ` ` do you think there will ever come a day when we can have them ? ' ' i ask with a yawn as i sit up . he pauses for a moment as he pulls open his dresser drawer . ` ` i do don ' t know . '' s just keep it our secret for now . ' ' ` ` no , no , i really wasn ' t saying that - ' ' i break off when we both hear a car pulling up to the front of the house . i hurry over to the pile of my clothes and ball them up in my arms before running to the door . ` ` see you later ! ' ' i call out over my shoulder as i run naked down the hallway . as i slam my door behind me and start pulling on my clothes , i wonder why nate was so quick to suggest that we keep it private . not that i want something private - for now , at least . but someday . . . i mean , could i even envision keeping our relationship secret forever ? what kind of life would that be , anyway ? i sigh . these kinds of feelings are what allison warned me about in the first place . it ' s just . . . unbelievable . what was once a one - off crush has become real for me . too real . and nate has said he has feelings for me , that i ' m his , but he ' n ' t been any more specific than that . on my own , i ' n ' t think this is a purely physical infatuation . i ' mstop falling for him . chapter twenty - three going to school this week and being away from nate during the day has felt like going into physical withdrawal . i just have to force myself to focus , because sometimes i find myself staring off into the distance , remembering what he said to me the previous night . i wish i could just go back home at six thirty , but i promised allison i ' d go shopping with her .