i gasp as i feel his calloused fingers against my skin . he pulls his hand away quickly and leans his head back . his fingers brush against the fabric of my bra for a moment , and then i feel his long fingers undo the front closure of my new bra . i feel my breasts pop out , and his thumbs brush against my nipples as he cups them in his hands . he begins to massage them more strongly , and suddenly i feel him sucking my other nipple into my mouth . he runs his tongue across it as he sucks , then moves to my other side . ` ` i ' m ready , ' ' i whisper . ` ` uh - uh , not yet , ' ' he replies , pulling my nipple out of his mouth for a moment . then he begins to trail kisses down my stomach , pausing for a moment to dip his tongue in my belly button . i feel him graze his teeth across the narrow strips of fabric on the sides of my panties . ` ` i like these very much , ' ' he says . ` ` but we ' ll have to keep these on . ' ' then he ' s gone . i hear the sounds of what could be his shirt being pulled over his head , but i ca n ' t be sure. there ' s nothing for another minute , and i ' m back in this pool of sensation where he ' s left me , completely under his control . i gasp when i feel him blow a stream of hot air against my clit and feel my body tense involuntarily . his hands slide up my thighs and then under the sides of my underwear , and i know he must be right in front of me . i feel him slowly dip one finger into the right side of my panties , pulling them away from my body and tucking them to the left side . he focuses on me again , and then his breath hits my * ##oris . ` ` spread your legs , ' ' he tells me softly . i obey , stretching myself out in my high heels . his tongue slides into my opening and i cry out . ` ` oh , nate , ' ' i moan , and he begins to flick his tongue back and forth across me . i come quickly , and he begins to speed up , circling his tongue slowly . but just as i ' m on the brink , my body arching as far as it can , he slows down again . i whimper . he does n ' t stop completely , but he ' s not quite fast enough to bring me down . hishis hand slides over my ass , under the elastic of my shorts . i gasp as he slips one finger inside me . i ' ve never felt anything back there . he circles it inside me , alternating his actions with his tongue . once i get over my surprise at the foreign feeling , i find that i like it . on top of everything that he ' s already done to me , and is now doing , it ' s pushing me right toward the edge again . i moan as he slips two fingers from his other hand inside my panties , making a slow circle against my g - spot . i feel a spasm begin to rip through my body , and he pulls his fingers away quickly . my knees nearly buckle at the empty space he ' s leaving behind . ` ` nate . . . ' ' i gasp . he leans back slightly , flicking his tongue once , hard , against my clit . my body ripples in response . the pleasure has built up inside me to such an extent that being able to let go of it is painful . i need him to let me come . ` ` please ? ' ' he answers innocently , and rewards me with a hard flick of his tongue , his finger still moving slowly inside me . ` ` please . . . '' the pleasure is flooding my brain , and i can barely think . ` ` ' what ? ' ' ` ` i need you . . . please . i need you inside me right now . please , i ' m begging you . i ' m begging you , nate . ' ' i feel faint with relief as he takes his fingers out of me and i hear the sound of a condom being ripped open . he steps into me and grabs one of my legs , wrapping it around his waist as he pushes into me . i cry out at the contact . he drives in hard , slamming me against the bed post , and with just his first thrust , i feel my orgasm finally releasing from me . he presses into me again and again . his mouth covers mine as the first waves of pleasure crest over me . even though i ' m exhausted , i can feel that he ' s still deep inside me . i feel him reach for me , and realize that he ' s unknotting the t - shirt around my waist . my arms fall to my sides , and he pulls out of me . i feel him taking my hands and kissing them , then he presses one knee back up on my back and i realize he ' s throwing my arms back down onto the mattress . iturn my head to the side so i can watch as he pulls my panties , still hanging to the side , to my ankles . his hand still holding them down , i feel him enter me from behind . even though i ' m spent from my first orgasm and all the build - up leading to it , i feel my body begin to respond again .