i feel him press his thumb into my clit and squeeze . i never realized how many fingers there were in there . ` ` brace yourself , ' ' he warns me , and begins to push himself into me . my hands reach for the edge of the counter and i ' m just able to grab it as he drives in deeper than he ever has before . he plunges into me again and again , hitting my g - spot directly each time . a second orgasm takes me by surprise , as though it was lying dormant until he released it . my body arches and groans as i feel him pull out of me and feel wetness cover my back . as my body quiets , i hear him hurrying to the bathroom and feel him rubbing his hand over my back . ` ` i ' m sorry , i do n ' t know how you did that , ' ' he says . ` ` hm ? did what ? ' ' i mumble , reaching up to remove the makeshift tissue from my eyes . ` ` i . . . i came for you , ' ' he says , abandoning his best efforts to look me in the eye . ` ` nate . . . it ' s ok . don ' n ' t bother me , ' ' i assure him . ` ` really? ' ' he asks , sounding relieved . ` ` i ' ve never done that before , i just . . . i just wanted to try it on you , or something . i ' m sorry . . . i think i push you too far . ' ' ` ` i like what we do together , ' ' i say , stretching my arms above my head . ` ` as far as i ' m concerned , we ' re going to do a lot more , so you better get used to it . ' ' ` ` is that so ? ' ' he asks , with a grin . ` ` yep . now wake yourself up . if we ' re going to do this again tomorrow night , you need to get some sleep . ' ' chapter twenty - four the next day , thornhill and co . is abuzz with the official announcement of mark broadman becoming a new partner . there ' s talk that other high - profile partners could follow suit , including some of broadman ' s friends in silicon valley . apparently the tech industry is quite effective in influencing public opinion . i ' m actually glad that everyone is in such a good mood , because it helps me fit in . my relationship with nate , not to mention our late night sessions , has me practically glowing . constancetalking to me quietly in our office , the excitement of our first day of work together having finally melted away in the past months . she turns in her chair and raises her eyebrows at me as greg walks in , giving me a small smile . ` ` ok , what happened there ? ' ' she asks conspiratorially . ` ` it was nothing , ' ' i assure her , keeping my eyes on my computer , though i can see out of my periphery that she ' s still staring at me . ` ` oh , come on . ` wo can ' t tell . but it ' s obvious . . . i mean , for a couple weeks you two were hanging out a lot , and now he really hates you . ' ' i sigh . ` ` we went on a couple dates , and then we decided to break it off . but just keep it between us , alright ? ' ' ` ` mmhm , ' ' constance says , swiveling back around . she can tell , even now , that i ' m not telling her the whole truth . greg reacted as well as could be hoped when i told him i did n ' t want to go on any more dates with him . he liked the office environment , and that i hadextra pressure for me to be professional as the boss ' s assistant , but i think he saw through that excuse . at first he could never guess the real reason . but whenever i see him he ' s polite and understanding . i watch the corner of my eye , waiting to see if allison will send me a gchat message , but none comes . i ' ll give it a little more time , and then reach out to her . i do don ' t want to throw our whole friendship away for my relationship with nate - or that we do don ' t have some things to talk about . it ' s not that i need her , exactly , but i do need her to stop by . ` ` morning , ' ' constance says , startling me . i stand up and see several people making their way to the big dining room . constance has had breakfast catered for the entire day to celebrate the new client . as we walk in , i see that the glass wall to the kitchen has been pulled back to make way for everyone . pierce and roderick , his business partner , stand by the table , quietly talking with their employees . pierce smiles at me as constance and i make our way up to get some plates . ` ` roderick , you' ve met my stepdaughter brynn , right ? ' ' ` ` well , nice to see you again , brynn , ' ' roderick , a well - dressed man a little older than pierce says , and turns around to shake someone ' s hand . pierce leans forward . ` ` you look particularly beautiful today , brynn , ' ' he remarks . ` ` why , thank you , roderick , ' ' i reply , a little taken aback . pierce and i stand at the conference table for a while listening to the new arrivals , everyone sharing their plans for once they go back to school , and the rising seniors , like me , discussing what we ' ll do when we graduate .