after eileen leaves and i ' ve hidden away in my room , i ca ##uld ' t help but smile at her kindness . it ' s been a long time since my own mother has taken care of me and treated me the way she did , even though the afternoon might have gone even better for her than it did for me . she tells me that she ' s learned not to get her hopes up for a relationship over the years , though it does occasionally happen . i keep remembering the look on nate ' s face when he described our new relationship . i could tell he really meant the things he was saying . my heart aches at the thought that i wo n ' t get to touch him again , and hold him against me . already i feel like it ' s been ages since i ' ve seen him . i hear my mom and pierce talking downstairs in the late afternoon , and i glance at my bedroom door . i do n ' t want to see them now , or anytime soon , for that matter . i think of how nate seems to resemble his father when he is angry , but his mother appreciated his kindness . even though she was only in his life until he was eight or nine , she must have had some effect on him in those early years , inlistening to the good genes she passed down to him instead . i suppose i wanted to tip the hat in her direction , to make sure that nate was listening to the side of himself that his mother has passed on to him . but clearly , i do n ' t have the power to make such a thing happen . no . he referred to what happened between us as a mistake . my body wraps around myself as though i ' ve just been punched in the gut . i can feel the pain reverberating in my chest . i thought maybe you were different than all the other girls i ' ve fucked , but you ' re not . you ' re too special to me , brynn . his words keep rolling around in my head , and i ca ##vin ' t make them go away . i do n ' t know if i ' ve ever felt so completely alone before . eventually , i fall asleep , my body finally giving in to the exhaustion i feel . when i wake up , it ' s almost ten at night . my mom ' n ' t even try to wake me for dinner , i think . i feel a surge of anger against her . mothers are supposed to protect their children , but of course she ' s taking nate ' s advice . she thinks he 'like some kind of savior , rescuing her and her only child from some horrible nightmare . i want to scream . i want her to be stronger , to be there for me like i ' ve been there for her countless times . but i know my anger is useless ; i ' ve long since accepted that i ca don ' t love her , ca don ' t expect her to be any different from the person that she is . my stomach growls , reminding me that i ' ve skipped a meal or two today . i ca don ' t even feel like eating , and i know that i ' ll never be able to get to sleep tonight , without a little something in my stomach . i sigh and get out of bed and head over to my bureau , pulling a sweatshirt on over my t - shirt . i cautiously open my door and listen . i think i can faintly hear the sounds of the tv from my room and pierce ' s room . should be asleep , though . i tiptoe down the hallway , pausing at the open door to nate ' s dark room . still out , i think . still asleep somewhere . how long can this situation last ? i think as i creep slowly down the stairs . i feel like we ' re pulling tightly - wound strings , andneither of us is going to break in . i hope he for - ca doesn ' t go creeping around the house like this , disturbing everyone . in the kitchen , i make myself a cream cheese sandwich , feeling the need for some real food . i ' m just turning off the stove top when i hear the door to pierce ' s room open . i hurry to grab the spatula and drop the sandwich onto my plate before he walks in , but i ' m too late . ` ` brynn , ' ' he says from the doorway . ` ` we missed you at dinner . ' ' ugh , that guy , acting like nothing happened . ` ` just fixing something now , ' ' i answer shortly . as i put the plate and pan into the sink , i see over my shoulder that he ' s walking toward me . he plants himself between the island and the counter , trapping me against the counter . ` ` your mother is very upset , ' ' he tells me , his eyebrow arching into a concerned frown . ` ` is she ? ' ' i ask through gritted teeth . if he expects me to lie , as if her death was my fault , then he ' s wrong . ` ` brynn , i think you ' ve gotten the wrong idea .beautiful , ' ' he murmurs , taking a step toward me . i slowly turn to face him . ` ` you have no idea how hard it is for a man , to have a beautiful woman like you in the house . ' ' ` ` i ' m your stepdaughter , pierce , ' ' i practically whisper as my heart races in my chest .