megan worked to get him into the passenger seat of her parents ' land rover . once he was safely inside and buckled in , she climbed in beside him . her parents sang along to each other as they made their way through the tree - lined streets where megan had grown up . while some might look on her as having a rebellion against her character as an unfit parent , she had lived a relatively non - rebellious life . even though she ' d been a handful and popular with the popular crowd in school , she rarely partied to excess . instead , she was focused on getting good grades . at that time , she had her heart set on going to medical school and becoming a doctor . from the time she was a little girl , she had wanted nothing more than to help people . she was always helping birds with broken wings and trying to resuscitate people that had been hit by cars . she traded playing doctor for playing ` ` doctor . ' ' her desire to become a doctor was why she needed the best scores and best grades and why she generally resisted any temptations to put her on the right path . she had even managed to bypass the usual freshman year when she went off to the university of georgia . it was n ' day untilshe fell in love for the first time in her life that she threw everything away . however , she could don ' t forget that her first love was davis , mason ' s father . instead , it was another football player , this time a senior , at uga , who captured and later broke her heart a year later . carsyn ran with the wrong crowd , and when she was with him , she partied and drank too much . davis was jealous and possessive , and he occupied all of her time . when she was with him , she had little time for studying . with her grades stuck in the toilet , she was responsible for the emotional breakdown she experienced when carsyn broke up with her . eventually , she stopped going to class and ended up missing the semester . by the time she got back on track with her classes , she had abandoned any hope of finishing school . instead , she decided that she would become a nurse , which would fulfill her need to care for other people . of course , her relationship with davis ended up ending shortly before graduation when she got pregnant again . she had to take two months off after mason was born . she took a few months off from when she had originally planned on starting , but she was excited after everythingnow that it happened , she was finally free . her mother ' s voice brought megan out of her thoughts . ` ` here we are , ' ' she said cheerfully . leaning forward in her seat , megan checked the clock on the dashboard . she was wasn ' t surprised to see they had arrived half an hour before the baptism started . one thing her mother prided herself on was being on time and lending a hand . as they started into the church , her mother reached for mason . ` ` we ' ll take him and you can go see if emma needs any help . ' ' megan leaned down to kiss mason ' s cheek . ` ` see you in a little while , sweetie . ' ' mason grinned and then easily dodged her mother ' s hand for her father ' s instead , which made megan smile . he was quite a man ' s man already . he was sitting between her parents on the couch and watching tv . while it was amazing that he had so many male role models , she really hoped he had n ' not inherited too much of his father ' s charm . as megan watched them disappear into the crowd of family and friends waiting in the church yard , she surprised everyone by turning around and heading down the hall . at the last door on the right, she knocked . ` ` it ' s me , megan . ' ' emma ' s best friend , casey , opened the door . ` ` well , if it is n ' kay the fairy godmother , ' ' she said with a grin . when megan stepped inside , casey wrapped her arms around her . megan had only met her a few times , but it was still not liking emma ' s outgoing and friendly friend . casey ' s long brown hair was pulled back in a messy bun , and she wore a demure black slip dress and heels . ` ` ` how ' s it going ? ' ' megan asked , looking from noah ' s diapered and na * * d body to emma . she was handing him a bottle while her naked body was wrapped in a towel . peeking out from the covering , she saw emma was wearing her signature color , red . as noah sucked on his bottle , he twirled a strand of emma ' s blonde hair between his fingers . both father and son were fans of emma wearing her hair down . emma shrugged . ` ` okay , i guess . i mean , i do don ' t have a lot of experience with baptisms . ' ' megan smiled and pointed to the towel and noah . ` ` it 'like you ' re taking all the proper precautions - - like spit - - on your dress or his . ' ' with a nod , emma replied , ` ` tell me about it . especially since his gown is so old . ' ' megan eyed the lacy baptismal gown hanging on the closet door . she recognized it from photographs of ankle ' s baptism . he had worn it , and now it was being passed down to his children .