` ` yes , actually , i need to go see about my new job . ' ' her heavily lined lips turned up in a pout . ` ` ` aren ' t you ever going to want to get a drink again ? ' ' inwardly , he groaned . in a moment of weakness when he was still reeling from what had happened with megan , he had allowed her to talk him into getting a drink after work . it turned into several times , and then he did the impossible . he had made out with her in his car under the neon glow of the bar ' s neon sign . unfortunately , making out did wasn ' t quite making up the fact that she had given him a new job . although he had vowed to never let anything like that happen again , he found himself walking a fine line around her whenever they were at odds . ` ` um , yeah . maybe . things have been really busy . ' ' ` ` i hope that you ' ll free me some time . i really , really need a night out with you again . ' ' reaching around him , kara did the unthinkable . she squeezed both of his butt cheeks . the jolt of electricity from him caused him to spin around . of all the people in the world thatcould have been someone there , it had to be megan . pesh was jerked out from kara ' s arms . megan ' s eyes widened at the sight of them and she quickly looked away . with her head ducked , she started toward them . the last thing in the world she needed was for something to be awkward between them . without another word to kara , pesh turned and fell in step beside megan . ` ` what are you doing ? ' ' she asked . he shrugged . ` ` nothing . just messing with you . is that a problem ? ' ' glancing over her shoulder at kara , megan said , ` ` it looked like you were a little distracted back there . ' ' with a smile , he added , ` ` the conversation and the kiss were getting to me . ' ' megan looked up at him . ` ` why am i not surprised by that ? ' ' he eyed her suspiciously . ` ` just what do you mean ? ' ' ` ` you are not the type of man who enjoys public displays of affection . . . or i should say not . ' ' ` ` have n ' t we already established that you should ##n ' ` try to seduce me ? i ' n ' t fit into any of the preconceived notionsyou never tried to put me in . ' ' ` ` there is a position that you remain firmly lodged in , and that is not a problem when it comes to women and sex . ' ' as much as he hated to admit it , she had a point about him being a gentleman . he touched her shoulder , urging her to stop . ` ` yes , i am a gentleman both in public and private . but let me address part of your problem . when i am committed to a woman and she is committed to me , there is never a time i would reject public displays of affection or lust . ' ' megan ' s lips curved up into a smile . ` ` so what you ' re implying is you would never kiss your lover ' s ass in public ? ' ' ` ` yes , i would . ' ' looking around , he found them both out of anyone ' s way . ` ` when i am completely committed to a woman , i have trouble keeping my hands off her regardless of where we are . ' ' ` ` that ' s good to know , ' ' she replied , with a smile . he could n ' t help the wide grin that filled his face as she hurried down the hall to catch up with kristi . she was making progress with her, was he ' t he ? but megan seemed to be seeing how much she enjoyed her time with him in the hospital and would soon realize that she wanted more . his smile began to fade as he wondered if he was enjoying himself . with a resigned sigh , he made his way over to the front desk to sign off on some paperwork . he sat down on a stool and immersed himself in the paperwork , so he did t ' ever have to think about megan . ` ` alpesh ! ' ' a voice across the room shouted . he jerked his head up . without even looking over his shoulder , pesh knew who the voice belonged to . few people in his life called him by his full name , and no one in the hospital ever called him by his first name . slowly , he got off his stool and turned around . his youngest brother , dev , walked toward him with a stern expression etched on his face . as the oldest of his three siblings , he had always felt a responsibility to look out for his two brothers and sister . while arjan and shveta had never given him any trouble , dev , as the youngest son of the family , had been a burden for both pesh and his siblings . during his teenage years and a painful early adulthowever , dev had managed to get his playboy tendencies under control when he was twenty - one . dev had set his sights on a beautiful woman pesh had befriended when he was still a teenager . mia martinelli had been through hell with an abusive boyfriend , and pesh was reluctant to pair the two together . but at dev ' s strong insistence , pesh fixed the two of them up .