gazing at her reflection in the mirror , she was a complete mess . she was practically washed out except for her lips . they were swollen and bright red from pesh ' s kisses . her tongue reached out to trace her bottom lip . as memories of his kiss filled her mind , she tried desperately to think of anything else . in the end , she had climbed up to the roof to go find pesh , and instead , she had surrendered herself to him and his kiss . chapter ten pesh slowly watched megan ' s retreating form . he cursed under his breath as she disappeared into the stairwell . what was his problem ? the woman had been busy comforting him , and he had allowed his libido to take over . he had promised her he would keep his distance . all of the fun and easy conversation between them , he had kept it private . now she just felt trapped and rejected by him . she tried to talk to him about it , and he ' d dismissed her . he paced across the floor as the sweat that had chilled him to the bone began to dissipate . his mind was a tangled mess of thoughts and emotions . his voice argued over and over that megan had asked him to kiss her - that the look in her eyes told theno . but pesh knew that in his mind he had ignored the signals she may or may not have been sending . in the end , he ' d made a bad situation even worse by not being able to control his feelings for megan . with a deep sigh , he realized he had to make things right with her . he had to leave . with one last look out over the store , he finally turned and started for the stairs . after climbing down , he scanned the store for any sign of megan . when he spotted kristi , he was surprised not to see megan with her . ` ` where ' s megan ? ' ' he asked . ` ` well , since we ' re so busy tonight , i asked her to come work in the storage room . we ' re working on inventory and stuff . ' ' ` ` i see . ' ' kristi eyed him up and down , shaking her head . ` ` you ' re late . ' ' ` ` it ' s cold outside . ' ' ` ` so i ' ve heard , ' ' she said knowingly . ` ` what does that mean ? ' ' he asked . she waved her hand . ` ` nothing . why ' n ' t you do us all a favor and go get rid ofthose wet clothes ? the last thing we need is you coming down with something . ' ' pesh knew it was fruitless to argue with her . instead , he tucked his tail between his legs and made his way to the teachers ' lounge . he took a clean pair of pants and shirt out of his closet . after he slid on a new lab coat , he strode down the hall to the medicine closet . after swiping his key card , he left the room . when he closed the door behind him , megan turned around , looking up at him . now that he was in front of her , he didn ##n ' t know exactly what to say . he had been in an emotional state on the day , and it had escalated far too quickly . ` ` megan , i just wanted to say how very sorry i am for kissing you . ' ' ` ` no i ' m not , ' ' she replied matter - of - factly . pesh ' s neck snapped back in shock . her reaction certainly wasn ' t what he was expecting at all . he had thought she would be relieved or even embarrassed , but he ' n ' t imagined that she would be unregretful . he cleared his throat . ` ` regardless , i should n 'you have done it . i was in an emotionally vulnerable position , and you were just trying to comfort me . nothing more . ' ' his words were more for his own good than hers . she shook her head . ` ` just because i was with you , does n ' t mean i did n ' t want you to kiss me . that i still do don ' t want to kiss you either . ' ' his brows furrowed in confusion . ` ` but you - ' ' ` ` pesh , i ' ve wanted you since the day of noah ' s baptism . but you shot me down then , and you still do . ' ' although his heart wanted to soar at her admission of wanting him , the reality of her words caused his chest to clench painfully . ` ` sexually . you only want me sexually . ' ' ` ` exactly . ' ' he should have been flattered that a young , sexy woman like megan wanted him . maybe he was n ' posed . half of the women in the hospital would be happy for him to drag them to an empty men ' s room for a quick and dirty fuck . but that ' s not who he was . he had never felt that way with anyone , and he didn n ' t see how it could be possibleto change . all he wanted was for her to finally see him and how good he could be for her . how good they would be for each other . he thought that was what she was feeling in the moments before and after he kissed her . but now it seemed it was once again only lust . although that was probably true , he could n ' t help putting everything out there yet again . ` ` so when we were together on the roof , there was n ' not a moment where you wanted more from me than just sex ? ' '