once they got back to the plane , she felt fatigue start to set in . leaning back against the seat , she closed her eyes as pesh went about getting them ready to take off . she only opened her eyes again when she felt them start racing down the runway . when they got into the plane , she could n ' t stop sitting on the edge of her seat and staring out the windows at the city below . ` ` it ' s so beautiful in the dark . ' ' ` ` ' i think i like flying at night . ' ' ` ` you do ? ' ' she nodded . ` ` for some reason , it seems even more exciting . there ' s a rhythm to it as well . in the day , everything is within your # ##line . but in the dark , you have to rely on your ears and eyes . ' ' ` ` i ' d like to learn how to fly . ' ' ` ` you would ? ' ' she nodded . ` ` i ' ve always thought it would be something fun to learn . ' ' ` ` ' i ' ll teach you . ' ' she turned to him in surprise . ` ` really ? ' ' ` ` sure . why not ? ' ' with a smile , she said , ` ` you' re a good man , and don ' n ' t know how fast a man you would be . ' ' he smiled . ` ` for you i would make time . ' ' as she stared at him across the small cabin of the plane , she knew she was going to make more time for him as well . where that would take them , she could ##n ' t wait to see . chapter fifteen as the cornflower - blue sky stretched out for miles and miles below her , megan could n ' t help fighting the urge to pinch herself . she was actually up in pesh ' s plane during her first flying lesson . from the moment they had taken off , she had been overwhelmed by such a surreal experience . there must ' ve been something about being in control of the plane as it rocketed down the runway and then lifted off into the sky . of course , she really was wasn ' t in complete control of the plane . pesh was able to take off at any moment from his position in the co - pilot ' s seat . that made her feel a little better . she had very little flying experience , and the manual she had read at least once did n ' t fault you for everything . now as they coasted over the seattle skyline , she couldboth hands were gripping the steering wheel , or yoke as it was called in private pilot terminology , as they flew through wispy strands of white smoke . when pesh had first offered to give her flying lessons , megan did n ' t know if she should believe him or not . looking back , she was n ' t sure why she had doubted him considering he was always a man of his word . and now , just two weeks after their first day in savannah , they were already up in the air flying around savannah on a sunday afternoon . it had been quite a day together of having dinner after work and them picking up something on the way to her apartment . although , the first day back from work was both exciting and awkward . they tried to appear as though nothing had changed . but the truth was everything had changed , and it was n ' t just because they had become friends . as much as megan tried to fight her growing feelings for pesh , it was virtually impossible . a man like him made it too hard for any woman not to fall in love with him , and as much as she did n ' t want to acknowledge it , she could see herself falling for him . of course , he was also full of surprises . but on monday when he had beenher to see if there was an extra heart monitor in one of the other guest rooms on the first floor . she had already gone to check . while she found the heart monitor , she also found him . the gentleman she had once known became something of a sex fiend when he opened the door and disappeared with her behind the curtain . a mid - morning sex session on an empty hospital bed made for quite an experience , especially when the weight of the bed released , and they literally banged into the wall . but after the naughty sexcapade , he ' d wanted to spend down time with her and mason . earlier in the day , pesh took mason to see his plane . megan had to laugh at the image in her mind of mason on pesh ' s lap in the pilot ' s chair as he explained the ins and outs of the buttons and controls . pesh had shown his patience with mason by repeatedly asking his permission and letting him wear one of the radios . he ' d even asked the atc to send a message over the headset so mason could hear . though it was supposed to be a pre - flight lesson for her , it worked out for mason as well . and to call it a day that neither she , nor pesh wouldinstead , they ' d gone by mcdonald ' s , where mason could work on the computer . the fact that pesh was so willing to do anything to make mason happy was really starting to crack megan ' s stubborn resolve against dating him . it was n ' t just the fact that pesh was so wonderful with mason that had her worried . when they talked , she felt more with him than she ever had with a man .