leaning her head against the foam headrest , she thought about her talk with kristi the day before . she hated to admit it , but she knew she had a decision to make . she either had to let go of pesh , or she had to make things official with him . they could ##n ' t . keep dating and hooking up . . . or was she just giving up ? with a frustrated sigh , she shifted in the tub , sloshing the water around . closing her eyes , she began to search her heart for how she truly felt . no man had ever made her feel like felt with pesh , and that could be felt both inside and outside of the bedroom . looking down at her pruning fingers , she knew it was time to get out of the tub . she could sit here for hours and still not get the answer she so desperately wanted . after she toweled off and wrapped herself in her terry cloth robe , she went out into the hall . as she threw on a clean pair of bikini bottoms and a t - shirt , she noticed it was awfully quiet in the living room . wondering what mason and pesh could be doing , she walked out of the bathroom . the sight across from her on the couch made herthroat tight with emotion . reaching up , she clutched her t - shirt to her chest , trying to still some of the pain that burned there . with the soundtrack of rescue me playing in the background , pesh lay on his back with mason on top of him . her son ' s head was snuggled into pesh ' s chest , and he was sound asleep . they both were . pesh ' s head was tilted down , his nose pressed into the top of mason ' s head . before she could harden herself to the emotions coursing through her , tears stung her eyes . in that moment , she allowed herself to fantasize that this was truly her life . she had a loving husband who loved her , and her son had an attentive and doting father . what more could she ask for in life ? in those minutes of silence , she wondered why she had been pushing pesh so hard for their future . besides her own happiness , there was nothing more in the world that she wanted than for mason to be safe and happy . as she came slowly back to reality , she saw it all for the first time in a long time . pesh had been so worried about her that he ' d driven over here to check on her . she 'd never had a man who cared about her that much , and no matter how hard she tried in the past , she was probably never going to find another man like pesh . there were so many things about him that she liked . . . and even loved . he made her want to get up in the mornings , so she could see him at work . she found herself constantly checking her phone to see if she had a text from him . she loved spending time with him . but it was more than just the feelings that pesh had for her , that she felt for him - it was the fact that he cared so much about her son . they were a package deal for any future man , and she had willingly embraced that fact without question . on shaky legs , she walked over to the couch . as she stood between the two of them , she could couldn ' t resist reaching out her hand and gently touching pesh ' s cheek . he stirred at the contact . when his eyes fluttered open , she smiled at him . ` ` hi . ' ' his eyes darted around the room like he was trying desperately to remember where he was . when he looked up at her , realization washed over his face . ` ` sorry . i did n ' t mean to fall asleep .' ' ` ` it ' s okay . i ' m sure you need it . besides , i took too long in the shower . ' ' he groaned . ` ` i would say that you need it as well . ' ' bending down , she slid her arm under mason ' s arms while the other went under his legs . she scooped him up and into her arms . when he whimpered , she murmured , ` ` shh , mommy ' s going to put you to bed . ' ' ` ` night , night , pesh , ' ' mason murmured drowsily . ` ` ' night , little brother , ' ' pesh replied . once she had tucked mason in and kissed his forehead , she closed his bedroom door and returned to the living room . pesh was hunched over on the back of one of the bed ##es , as if he was planning to leave as soon as she got home . ` ` is he asleep ? ' ' he asked . she nodded . ` ` out like a light the second i put him down . ' ' ` ` good . ' ' when he tried to sit up , she pushed him back down on the couch . easing him onto his back , she wrapped her arms around his waist . he brought his hand up to rub lazy circlesover her head . she did n ' t speak for a few minutes . instead , she simply enjoyed being close to him , the feel of his hand on her , his strong , muscular thighs beneath her . ` ` thank you for coming over tonight . ' ' his eyebrows rose in surprise . ` ` are you sure ? i was afraid i was pushing my bounds . ' '