he then turned and strode out of the bedroom . pesh stole a glance at megan who appeared to be considering aidan ' s words . ` ` come on , we better get back in here before they send anyone else , ' ' she finally said . with a nod , aidan took her hand and led her down the hall . when they got back to the living room , everyone stared down at them . even though he knew he should ##n ' t , pesh blurted , ` ` we ' re engaged ! ' ' he did n ' t have time to worry about megan ' s anger at him , because he knew she had heard it at the same time he had . cheers went all over the house , and he was hugged and kissed by megan ' s mother . when megan ' s father , paul , stood before him , pesh felt like he ' d been punched in the stomach . ` ` mr . mckenzie , i apologize . i had to come to you and ask for megan ' s blessing - to give it to you and your family . i ' m so sorry . ' ' paul shook his head and smiled . ` ` no , don ' t apologize . i ' m just happy that she ' s found such a wonderful man who will be agood husband to her and a good father to her . ' ' ` ` i swear to you that i will . ' ' megan and patrick shook hands to seal the vow . in the absence of guests , wine was poured to them . at the head of the table , patrick held up his glass . ` ` to my granddaughter and the good man , i give you the irish catholic blessing . ' may god be with you and bless you . may you see your children ' s faces . may you be poor in poverty and rich in riches . may you know nothing but love from this day forward . ' ' ' he smiled . ` ` to megan and pesh . ' ' the others raised their glasses . as pesh inhaled the sweet bouquet of the wine , he leaned forward and kissed megan . he did n ' not ' hear the phone - calls and whispers - he was too happy to care . chapter twenty - one standing in front of the lighted hotel mirror , megan surveyed her surroundings . it was the first time she had hadn ' t been surrounded by pesh ' s mother , father , and aunts since she had walked into the suite an hour ago . when she had agreed to the indian tea party , she had n ' not ' realized what sheno getting into . she thought it would just be a good idea to get their friends and family involved . she did ##n ' t know that pesh ' s company did n ' t do anything on a modest scale . without her input , the plaza ballroom of the grand carlton in atlanta had been booked . when she had dared a peek inside earlier , it had been transformed into something out of a bollywood movie . she had wanted to celebrate pesh ' s birthday by dressing up as a true indian prospective bride would , so she had gone dress shopping with lavani and shveta . what she had n ' t counted on was how gorgeously intricate the dress would be . now as she looked at herself in the mirror , she was almost blinded by the precious gems and beading on the deep blue and gold fabric . the outfit put even the blingiest miss universe pageant contestants to shame . the back part was sheer , and it ended just below her br * * sts . while the front part appeared to be plain satin , the back was decorated with beading and gems . the skirt , with its beaded waistband , started just below her belly button and fell to the floor in the most exquisite silky folds . it was hard when she wasand to be in her mid - body , as did the rest of the men . instead , she wore a diamond encrusted drape that slung over one of her shoulders and down her arm . ` after one of pesh ' s aunts had done her makeup , lavani and shveta did her hair . the long waves were swept back and pulled to the side in loose curls . a gorgeous purple orchid adorned the crown . all that was missing from her ensemble was the jewelry that pesh ' s family had requested that she wear . apparently , it was all stolen , and kept in a safe at the bank . although the necklace and earrings were to match , her arms were already laden with the earrings that lavani and shveta had placed on her . they both had tears in their eyes when they approached . ` ` you look absolutely beautiful , my dear , ' ' lavani said . megan smiled . ` ` thank you . and thank you so much for making this possible . ' ' lavani cupped her hands . ` ` i look forward to seeing some happy endings for you and my alpesh . i ' m happy that you make him so happy . it had been so long since i have seen a maninto his life . and when you came into his life , you brought back that light . ' ' at lavani ' s words , megan felt tears fill her eyes . ` ` thank you , ' ' she whispered . when she felt like she could speak without crying , she brought her hands together as if she were praying and then bowed her head as was the sign of respect in pesh ' s world . ` ` i want you to know that , pesh , i am in love , too . he has changed my life as well . i can promise you that i will spend the rest of my life loving him and making him happy .