he wore an amused expression as he held his wine glass in hand . ` ` orgasmically good , ' ' she said . he laughed . ` ` i ' m glad you ' re having them . ' ' ` ` i ' m going to gain ten pounds while we ' re here , ' ' she said . as she dabbed her mouth with her napkin , she sighed with absolute relief . looking around the tiny parisian cafe , she resisted the urge to fan herself . was she actually in paris on her honeymoon ? when pesh had asked her where she wanted to go , there was only one answer . although paris was somewhat cliched for a honeymoon destination , she had always wanted to see the city . and because she was marrying a man who wanted to spoil her , pesh had booked them for a week ' s stay at the hotel plaza athenee . not only had he chosen the hotel for its stunning views of the eiffel tower , but it was also where carrie bradshaw stayed when she was in paris . it seems pesh completely understood megan ' s love for sex and the city . their first night in the city had been spent in their hotel room . a combination of jetlag and exhaustion had kept them na * * d andin fact , stopping only for room service and coffee . eventually they had pried themselves away from the room to go home . ` ` are you ready to go back to the hotel ? ' ' pesh asked . ` ` maybe . ' ' with a shy smile , she asked , ` ` are you tired and want to rest ? ' ' desire flashed in pesh ' s dark eyes . ` ` no , i do n ' t want to rest . i want you to wear what you wore this morning . ' ' her gaze left his to go down to the pink and black dress at her feet . part of their sightseeing had turned into shopping , during which she bought some really racy clothes . although she was enjoying her day out in the sun , she was also itching to put on the outfit and get back in bed with pesh . ` ` ' let ' s go , ' ' she said . pesh obviously did don ' t need any more money . reaching into his pocket , he took out his wallet and tossed a wad of cash on the table . then he shot out of there like a jack - in - the - box . she had to pick up her purse and bag to catch up with him before he gotout the door and into the sunshine . as she passed the colorful roses in bloom outside the cafe , they transported her back to her wedding . it had been a beautiful , cloudless day when she stood with pesh in the rose garden outside her mother ' s house . to her , he had never looked more handsome than in his black tux that fit his tall frame like a second skin . since she was the head of wedding planning , megan had enlisted emma ' s help in getting the entire wedding done . even with newborn ##s to tend to , emma had gone above and beyond any expectations megan had . tears had stung her eyes when she first caught sight of the ceremony as she , on her father ' s arm , made her way from the cafe to the church . white chairs filled with white flower petals lined the garden in rows while a stage had been erected to the side of the white altar . next to the stage , votive candles lit the way up the aisle that was covered in white rose petals . emma , casey , and three of her best friends from childhood stood at the altar in their light blue bridesmaid dresses . pesh , along with his father and aidan , wore blue ribbons with their hats . a string quartet played thethe bridal march to celebrate her marriage . she would never , ever forget the feeling of walking up the aisle to pesh . his intense gaze took her in , and she felt like the princess she had always wanted to be on her wedding day . her dress was almost like what a disney princess might wear - a long train , a white satin gown , a crown decorated with pearls and diamonds , and then a diamond band holding her crown in place . the whole world seemed to stop when pesh took her hand in his . he was her sole anchor . she barely heard the words the priest said or the words of the song that emma sang . she just stared at her soon - to - be husband - the man who made her happy in life and in love . she was so lost in thoughts of her wedding day that she accidentally mowed into the woman . ` ` excuse me , ' ' she said . the woman glared at her while cursing at megan in french . well , megan imagined it was cursing since she did n ' t speak english . ` ` where is that head of yours ? ' ' pesh asked , with a smile . ` ` thinking of our wedding day , ' ' she replied . his smile grew broader ather response , and in the middle of the busy street , he stopped to kiss her . while it was somewhat rushed and full of more love than lust , it did hold the promise of what was to come later on . he ended it far sooner than she would expect . ` ` let ' s hurry , ' ' he said . she giggled , breaking into a slight run towards the hotel . he followed her closely . by the time they stepped through the revolving doors into the lobby , they were both breathless .