like two mischievous kids , they ran to the elevator . once inside , they wrapped their arms around each other and kissed desperately until the door slid open . they pulled apart long enough to walk down the hall and into their suite . when the door closed behind them , pesh pulled her to him , bestowing a soft kiss on her lips . as he explored her mouth , his tongue darted out to tease at hers . when she felt his growing heat settle into her body , she broke the kiss . at his groan , she shook her head . ` ` not yet . you need to get ready . ' ' ` ` next time , ' ' he teased . pulling out of his arms , she smiled up at him . ` ` i ' ll be back in just a minute . you get ready . ' ' ` ` oh , i ' ll be ready . that ' s a promise . ' ' she laughed and then practically skipped into the bathroom . after she shut and locked the door , she set the bag down and dug inside . after she decided what to wear , she laid them out on the bed , and then started stripping off her clothes . when she was done , she reached for the lingerie . the silk material was solid white with gold lace that wovethrough the intricate straps . it pushed her br * * sts up and over the cups , making her appear to have far more cle * * age than she was comfortable with . the black and white dresses were sheer and nearly see through . down her legs , she slid black silk stockings that had pink bows to the top of her thighs . as she fluffed out her hair , she could couldn ' t help gazing in the mirror . she was quite the sexpot , which she hoped pleased pesh . somehow , she knew it would please pesh . the outfit was perfect for her , something for which she was very grateful . not exactly the perfect gentleman she had expected when she first met him , that was for sure . megan opened the bathroom door . across the room , pesh was staring out the window , stripping down to his boxer shorts . when she cleared her throat , he jerked his head to look at her . slowly , she walked out of the bathroom . her eyes stayed on him . a shiver ran through her as he watched her every move . when she finally stood before him , it took less than a second for him to pounce on her . his hands grabbed her around the waist , jerking her flush against him . his mouth came down on hers in afrantic kiss , he guided his c * * k between her legs . breathless , she pulled back to gaze up at him . ` ` does this mean you like the dress ? ' ' ` ` oh hell yes , i do . i think we ' re going to have to go shopping and show you some more . ' ' she giggled . ` ` ' what ? you wo don ' t make me say no to that . ' ' leaning over , pesh brought his arm under her waist and gently lifted her up . she felt so light in his arms as he carried her over to the bed and gently placed her on the edge . as he hovered over her , her heart sped up in anticipation the sensual delicacies she was about to experience . tugging at the edge of the bodice , he cupped her br * * sts . his mouth hovered over her nipple , blowing hot air onto the cool tip . it hardened under his attention as his tongue darted out and flicked it . ` ` mmm , ' ' she murmured , her hands tightening in his hair . making small circles around her nipple , pesh continued his sensual assault . arching her back , she gripped the back of his hair tightly , expecting him to take her nipple in his whole mouth . instead , he obligedher , sucking the hard peak into his mouth . while he gave his attention to one breast , his hand cupped and stroked the other . as the heat and moisture gathered at her core , megan began moving her legs back and forth . the movement eased her a little , but she wanted pesh ' s hands , tongue , and lips there more than anything . over the fabric of her dress , he kissed down her stomach . just as he reached the juncture of her thighs , he bypassed it and began kissing and licking the exposed skin of her inner thighs . she moaned in protest . he gazed up at her with a wicked smile . ` ` do you want me to take you somewhere else ? ' ' raising her eyebrows , she replied , ` ` you are where i want you - where i want all of you . ' ' ` ` patience , my love . ' ' ` ` oh yeah ? ' ' she teased . with one swift move , she was out from underneath him in a flash . surprise crossed his face as she flipped him over onto his back and straddled him once again . running her fingernails down his chest , she stopped only at the waistband of his boxers . as his breath hitched , her hands moved to his back , scraping a hardfrom the exposed skin to his groin . his h * ps shot up , causing her to smile . ` ` now , do you want me to touch you somewhere else ? ' ' with a growl , he gripped her by the ass and flipped her onto her back . she slid down the bed to where her pussy was poised for his mouth .