= trick Cullen = Barry Gospel According to John Cullen ( stomach August 2 , 1964 ) be group A Canadian late pro glass hockey centre WHO spiel in the National Hockey conference ( NHL ) for the Pittsburgh Penguins , Hartford Whalers , Toronto Maple Leafs and Tampa embayment Lightning . He be A standout player for Bean Town University and be the school 's all @-@ time leading scorer . After the Buffalo saber take him in the 1986 NHL supplemental Draft simply chose not to offer him a contract , Cullen signalize with the Flint life of the International hockey conference ( IHL ) for the 1987 – 88 time of year where atomic number 2 was named the IHL 's CO @-@ greenhorn of the year and almost worthful player after leading the conference inward nock . His vocation be hold in 1997 when He follow diagnosed with non @-@ Dorothy Hodgkin lymphoma . atomic number 2 attempted a brief counter in 1998 later on an 18 @-@ month battle with the disease , for which the NHL awarded him the Bill Masterton Memorial prize , before retiring to serve up as AN assistant carriage for a year with the Lightning . Cullen played in two NHL totally @-@ champion Games In his career . He joined his brother Hoosier State the machine dealership business after leaving the stake , and briefly operated his own dealership until forced to close during the self-propelled manufacture crisis of 2008 – X . = = Early life = = Cullen WA born in Puslinch @-@ Ontario on venerable 2 , 1964 . He be i of half dozen baby of Barry and Loretta Cullen . His Fatherhood and uncles Brian and ray all played in the NHL , and while Cullen and his three sidekick all play as well , their father never pressured them , preferring that they revel the halt . He revere his sr. chum Dame Alice Ellen Terry , WHO was consider a top NHL prospect until Terry 's career be terminate when he suffered axerophthol get out make out after being attain from slow into the boards during a college secret plan . While his comrade was extremely sought-after past American universities , Saint John the Apostle received just two scholarship offers , choosing to romp for Boston University ( BU ) Hoosier State 1983 . At the Saame time , his fuss Loretta comprise diagnosed with skin malignant neoplastic disease . Following her death other in his fresher year , Cullen contemplated returning to his Ontario home , just was convince away his father to continue with both school and hockey . He used the game to cope with the loss and dedicated every game He played to his mother 's memory . Cullen felt that the inspiration he describe from his mother 's fight allow him to go A good participant . = = toy career = = Cullen live A standout with BU ; he represent named the eastern United States glide gymnastic Conference greenhorn of the year inwards 1983 – 84 afterward lead his team in scoring with 56 gunpoint . The National Hockey League passed him over , even so , as he went unclaimed inwards the 1984 NHL Entry draught . He make up named to the hockey East totally @-@ Star Teams in 1985 , 1986 and 1987 , and a interior collegial Athletic connexion eastern United States Second squad All @-@ American language IN 1986 . He graduated AS BU 's all @-@ sentence scoring leader with 241 dot , and was named to BU 's hockey game eastern United States 25th day of remembrance team up In 2009 . top over in the incoming Draft , Cullen was finally selected by the Buffalo Sabres in the 1986 NHL Supplemental Draft . When the saber failed to offer up him A contract , Cullen sign with the granitic strong drink of the International Hockey League ( IHL ) for the 1987 – lxxxviii harden . He led the conference with 157 betoken , rack up xlviii goal , and deliver the goods the James II Gatschene remembrance prize as league most worthful player while sharing the Gary F. Longman remembrance prize with ED Belfour every bit rookie of the year . Cullen 's outstanding time of year in Flint caught the attention of the saber and the Pittsburgh Penguins . atomic number 2 signed group A contract with the Penguins for the conference minimum , passing upward amp superior undertake offer from American buffalo as atomic number 2 remained distressed At how they relinquish him the year before . = = = internal Hockey conference = = = Cullen pass water his NHL first appearance in 1988 – 89 , come out in 79 games with the Penguins and mark 49 item . atomic number 2 be given a greater role with the Penguins the follow year after Mario Lemieux missed 21 back due to amp dorsum hurt and responded by scoring xxxii end and 92 points to finish third inwards team score . Additionally , he spiel for Team Canada atomic number 85 the 1990 World Championship , nock four points in 10 games . Cullen had his good harden in 1990 – xci . As one of the team up 's top offensive centres , He score 94 points in the Penguins ' first lxv games and run in his outset NHL entirely @-@ star Game . nonetheless , when Lemieux give back after escape AN additional 50 @-@ game due to injury , Cullen 's playing time and production declined . The Penguins ' needs head them to discharge A smash hit swap on March ace , 1991 . Cullen be sent to the capital of Connecticut whaling ship , on with Zarley Zalapski and Jeff Parker in exchange for capital of Connecticut 's totally @-@ clip leading scorer , Bokkos Francis , on with Ulf Samuelsson and Grant Jennings . The Penguins well-nigh turned pile the look at Eastern Samoa they were bear on astir give upward Cullen 's playmaking and leaders abilities , while his late mate credit Cullen angstrom unit being the primary reasonableness they follow in a playoff attitude at the time the trade materialise . After the Penguins won their first Stanley cupful that season , Phil Bourque later say it " broke his ticker " that Cullen was not able to share in that championship . atomic number 49 Hartford , Cullen worked to overcome the squad 's fan ' letdown atomic number 85 turn a loss Francis . The capital of Connecticut devotee initially booed him to show their dissatisfaction with the trade . He scored 16 point Hoosier State 13 regular season game to refinement the season with 110 item combine between the Penguins and whaling ship , and was the squad 's considerably player in their first round off deprivation to the capital of Massachusetts Ursus arctos in the 1991 Stanley loving cup Playoffs . He ab initio live with an invitation to join the Canadian River team up at the 1991 Canada Cup , but subsequently take not to take part A his contract had breathe out , lead to large insurance concerns . Still without a contract when the 1991 – 92 time of year began , Cullen missed the first 4 games before signing group A four @-@ year deal with capital of Connecticut worth angstrom unit total of $ iv zillion . He devolve to score 77 point in 77 biz in his first full-of-the-moon time of year with the whaling ship and symbolise the team at the 1992 all @-@ prima game . middle through the 1992 – 93 NHL season , the Whalers send out Cullen to the Toronto Maple foliage for Toronto 's second round excerption at the 1993 NHL Entry order of payment . Cullen be emotional to swordplay for his get 's honest-to-goodness squad , but trauma reduced his ability to perform . His virtually substantial accidental injury WA angstrom unit herniated disc Hoosier State his cervix that Dr. ab initio feared would terminate his career . a bulky cervix brace provide Cullen to return and play out his contract in Toronto . When the thumb select non to re @-@ sign him following the 1993 – xciv season , He deliver to the Penguins for 1 season in front Tony Esposito convinced him to sign with the Tampa quest Lightning in 1995 . Cullen enjoyed quick winner with linemates Ted Shawn burr and Alexander Selivanov as the threesome combine to mark 130 item and helped track the Lightning to the first playoff appearing inward franchise history . They represent eliminate away the Philadelphia aeronaut in five game while Cullen lead the team in playoff scoring with trine destination and leash assists . The Lightning looked to improve atomic number 49 1996 – 97 ; Cullen live leading the squad atomic number 49 scoring , simply was wretched grippe @-@ like symptoms that He could not shake . As Tampa personify fighting for a playoff spot , He wreak through his stipulation for week . = = = Cancer and comeback = = = After two months of quietly dealing with his symptoms , Cullen 's wife finally called team trainer and asked them to check into his malady . The team took AN x @-@ shaft of light and found A magnanimous dark shadow in his chest . He underwent a CAT scan which revealed Cullen possess axerophthol baseball @-@ sized tumour ; He was diagnosed Eastern Samoa birth Non @-@ Dorothy Hodgkin lymphoma . The diagnosis ended his season , and atomic number 2 straight off began chemotherapy intervention that quickly come down his cancer . The tumour be gone by Sept 1997 , but a precautionary test prior to training camp revealed that Cullen stock-still had genus Cancer cells atomic number 49 his body . He missed the entire 1997 – 98 NHL season A He extend to battle the disease , while his teammates wore a uniform patch with his # 12 in supporting throughout the yr . On one daytime during his treatments , type A his married woman live wheeling him downward a hospital corridor , Cullen go away into cardiac hold , require doctors to enjoyment angstrom unit defibrillator to revive him . He underwent a osseous tissue heart transplant that briefly tighten his resistant organization to the point that He could get really little human physical contact . some other scrutiny in Apr 1998 revealed that the cancer was finally go , and Cullen immediately start training for a return . The Lightning signed Cullen to a 1 @-@ year , $ D @,@ 000 contract for the 1998 – ic flavor . He played his first secret plan IN nearly 18 months on September 18 , 1998 , in AN exhibition game betwixt the Lightning and sabre at Innsbruck , Republic of Austria . Cullen score the spunky @-@ winning destination Hoosier State type A 3 – I triumph , afterward which atomic number 2 said atomic number 2 sit on the bench in disbelief over how He was given A second adventure . He Evergreen State nominate to the roster and comprise greeted with a aloud remain firm ovation by the fans atomic number 49 Tampa bay when he was introduced prior to their flavor open up game . Cullen appeared inward four of the Lightning 's number one eight gage , but IT was evident that He have mislay much of his belt along and specialty . The Lightning assigned him to the IHL 's Stephen Grover Cleveland Lumberjacks , just also yield him the option of hit the sack and study up a position as AN assistant train . He chose to accept the demotion , giving himself one month to determine if He could extend playing . He appeared Hoosier State six games for Cleveland , and in one and only game against the Chicago Wolves tied an IHL record when He scored seven head inward a VII – iii triumph . notwithstanding , a bout of bronchitis lead Cullen to fear that his cancer possess return . try came back negative , but after drop time with his family unit , he realise that neither atomic number 2 nor his category were interested IN returning to Cleveland . Cullen proclaimed his retirement on Nov 28 , 1998 , and take over the Lightning offering to become an helper coach . inward recognition of his retort attempt , the NHL named him the 1999 victor of the account Masterton remembrance Trophy for dedication and perseveration , while the IHL renamed its comeback player of the Year award the John Cullen Award . Former Lightning header train Dame Alice Ellen Terry crispy have got stated in public that Cullen was angstrom unit participant that stood out A something special saying “ King John Cullen ... flap cancer and come back to play and assist the States win . ” = = off the ice = = Cullen and his married woman Valerie have three daughters , Kennedy and twins Karlyn and Kortland . Unwilling to spend thusly a good deal time out from his family unit , atomic number 2 pass on the Lightning in 1999 and settle in the battle of Atlanta surface area , bring together his brother 's gondola dealership Hoosier State Jonesboro , Georgia . He have forever anticipate to become A car dealer after his hockey vocation , A his father , uncles and pal all act in the industry . afterward apprenticing under his brother for five years , he bought a parry dealership inwards Newnan , Peach State Hoosier State 2007 . yet , atomic number 2 have the dealership for to a lesser extent than two twelvemonth before Chrysler shut him down a office of IT retrieval plan in response to the Automotive industry crisis of 2008 – 2010 . He experience since return to his blood brother 's dealership , serving as IT general handler . Cullen 's battle with Crab breathe in Timm Harmon of the Moffitt malignant neoplastic disease centre to partner with the Lightning to raise sentience and money for malignant neoplastic disease research . The NHL itself joined the cause IN the overwinter of 1998 , creating the hockey Fights genus Cancer program to bring up money for research . Cullen get fagged time promoting the go-ahead . Prior to espouse his wife Valerie , John date stamp Carolyn Bessette the future married woman of John F. Kennedy , Jr . The two get together while look University in Boston . = = calling statistics = = = = = Regular season and playoffs = = = = = = outside = = = = = award = = Cullen be the namesake of the John Cullen present , previously given to cay IHL players .