= old Baltimore motorway = honest-to-goodness Baltimore thruway follow A route In the US state of Delaware River . The road , known a New rook County Road xxvi , runs from Maryland Route 281 ( MD 281 ) atomic number 85 the Maryland state line south of Newark , Delaware and persist in east to Christiana , ending near Diamond State Route 1 ( DE 1 ) . The route be parallel by Interstate 95 ( I @-@ 95 , Delaware toll road ) to the North and U.S. itinerary 40 ( U 40 , Pulaski Highway ) to the southward . The old Baltimore motorway was built before 1720 and link Elkton , MD to Christiana . IT was a turnpike send for the Elk and Christiana toll road between 1817 and 1838 . In the past it swear out a A John Roy Major connection between Philadelphia and Baltimore . = = Route description = = Old Baltimore Pike Menachem Begin at the Delaware – Maryland state melodic phrase near Newark , Delaware , where the highway continues west into that put forward amp MD 281 . The road head NE from the state line through and through wooded residential expanse type A a deuce @-@ lane undivided road , intersectant Otts chapel route in front lapse south of Iron pitcher's mound Mungo Park . quondam Baltimore Pike crosses DE 896 and enter rural region . Here , the roadway passes Cooch 's bridgework , A historic conflict site of the American language Revolutionary state of war . It and so crown of thorns Norfolk Southern 's Delmarva secondary winding railway line and encounters Diamond State 72 . After this intersection , Old Baltimore Pike keep on past tense suburban neighborhood , gaining amp heart leave @-@ turn of events lane and intersecting capital of Oregon Church Road . farther east , the main road attain A junction with First State 273 in a wooded region . atomic number 85 this point , the route narrows to two lanes once again and heads into the community of interests of Christiana . Here , the main road cross DE 7 , where IT turn north and accompany that route through residential areas . The route comes to AN interchange with Diamond State 1 to the W of the Christiana Mall , where DE heptad continues Second Earl of Guilford along with Diamond State unity and old Baltimore Pike reaches A stagnant end . = = chronicle = = The honest-to-goodness Baltimore motorway be built before 1720 . The route was known as the Great Road and run between lead of elk ( at present Elkton , Maryland ) and Christiana nosepiece . IT be later recognise every bit the Christiana @-@ Elkton toll road before becoming old Baltimore Pike . This path dish up as A John R. Major connexion between Philadelphia and Baltimore in gain to providing access betwixt the merchant marine field of Christiana bridge over and agricultural expanse inwards northern Delaware River , northern Maryland , and southeastern Pennsylvania . in 1723 , Welsh parcel colonist pushed for the road to be improved . This route personify office of the Washington – Rochambeau Revolutionary route that follow used by the French army during their butt on from Newport , Rhode Island to Yorktown during the Revolutionary War , passing through the area in Sep 1781 . The route , also known as honest-to-goodness Post Road , was incorporated in 1813 as the elk and Christiana Turnpike atomic number 49 purchase order to aim more than money for repairs . The turnpike make up finish in April 1817 . amp a toll road , tolls were collected to pay for the maintenance of the road . The building of the new Castle and Frenchtown Railroad lour the revenues of the toll road and IT suit a world route again in 1838 . The road historically went through and through agricultural areas ; even so , the surroundings take in become more develop over the years . Much of the older Baltimore state highway remains deuce lanes . = = Major Cartesian product = = The intact route follow atomic number 49 New rook County .