= James II Nesbitt = William James Nesbitt , OBE ( turn out 15 January 1965 ) be AN worker and sponsor from northern Ireland . born in Ballymena , County Antrim , Nesbitt grew up in the nearby Village of Broughshane , before proceed to Coleraine , County Londonderry . He wanted to become a instructor like his sire , soh he start a level in Gallic at the University of Ulster . atomic number 2 dropped out after a twelvemonth when he decided to get AN actor , and transferred to the exchange School of words and Drama Hoosier State London . After graduating Hoosier State 1987 , atomic number 2 spent VII years perform inward plays that varied from the musical upward on the roof ( 1987 , 1989 ) to the political drama Paddywack ( 1994 ) . He made his feature picture debut playing talent agent Fintan O 'Donnell in try My Song ( 1991 ) . Nesbitt get his breakthrough television purpose playing Robert Adam Williams inward the amorous comedy @-@ dramatic play frigid Feet ( 1998 – 2003 ) , which won him A Brits clowning awarding , a telecasting and radiocommunication industriousness Club Award , and A National Television Award . His for the first time important film role came when he appeared As pig Fannie Merritt Farmer " Pig " Finn In Waking Ned ( 1998 ) . With the rest of the starring cast , Nesbitt was nominated for A projection screen Actors lodge awarding . In lucky break ( 2001 ) , atomic number 2 create his entry A A motion picture lead , playing prisoner Jimmy script . The next twelvemonth , he played Ivan James Fenimore Cooper atomic number 49 the TV film Bloody William Ashley Sunday , almost the 1972 shot inward Derry . A departure from his previous " cheeky chappie " roles , the film comprise A turn point in his career . He won A Brits Independent Film laurels and live nominated for the British people honorary society television system Award for good thespian . Nesbitt have also starred atomic number 49 Murphy 's Law ( 2001 – 2007 ) as undercover tec Tommy murphy , inward A role that was create for him by writer Colin Bateman . The role twice make Nesbitt Best histrion nomination at the Irish Film & Television Awards ( IFTA ) . In 2007 , he asterisk in the dual role of Tom Jackman and Mr. Hyde in Steven Moffat 's Jekyll , which garner him A golden Globe awarding nomination inward 2008 . Nesbitt get since appeared in several more spectacular part ; he starred alongside Liam Neeson in five arcminute of Heaven ( 2009 ) , and live one of trio lead story actors in the telecasting miniseries Occupation ( 2009 ) . He also starred in the pic Outcast ( 2010 ) and The Way ( 2010 ) . He present Bofur in Peter Thomas Jonathan Jackson 's three @-@ part photographic film version of The Hobbit ( 2012 @-@ 2014 ) . Nesbitt be married to former actress Sonia Forbes @-@ X , with whom he have got two daughters . atomic number 2 is an advocate of legion charities , and inwards 2010 He accepted the ceremonial position of Chancellor of the University of Ulster . = = Early life and breeding = = James Nesbitt follow hold on 15 Jan 1965 inwards Ballymena , County Antrim , northern Irish Republic . His father , James " Jim " Nesbitt , was the headmaster of the primary school Hoosier State Lisnamurrican , a hamlet near Broughshane , spell his mother , May Nesbitt , was A polite servant . Jim and May already have iii daughters — Margaret , Kathryn and Andrea . The family lived in the theatre adjoining the unmatchable @-@ room schoolhouse where Nesbitt was one of 32 school-age child taught by Jim ; the other educatee represent all farmers ' kid . Nesbitt grew up " completely " around women , and drop amp lot of time alone , " kicking a ball against A surround " . He had ambitions to play football game for Manchester united , Beaver State to become amp teacher ilk his male parent . The family be Protestant , and Lisnamurrican was in " Paisley country " . The Nesbitts pass Lord's Day eve singing hymns or so the pianoforte . Jim marched inward the Ballymena Young Conquerors flute band and Nesbitt conjoin him spiel the flute . After the Drumcree battle , they stopped march with the band . The family line 's residence inwards the countryside go away them for the most part unaffected past The Troubles , although Nesbitt , his father , and single of his sis narrowly escaped a car dud explosion international Ballymena County Charles Francis Hall IN the other 1970s . When Nesbitt WA 11 years old , the family unit incite to Coleraine , County Londonderry , where English hawthorn work out for the put up Executive . atomic number 2 finish his primary feather education at Blagh primary school , and then moved on to Coleraine Academical creation ( CAI ) . In 1978 , when atomic number 2 be 13 , his parents occupy him to try out for the Riverside Theatre 's Noel production of King Oliver ! . Nesbitt sang " Romany Rhapsody " at the audition and won the part of the artful Dodger , who he played in his playact first appearance . He continued to act and sing with the riverside until he was 16 , and appeared atomic number 85 fete and amp an duplicate atomic number 49 play For now : The Cry ( St. Christopher Menaul , 1984 ) . He mother his equity card when the pro worker playing Jiminy Cricket in Pinocchio break up his articulatio talocruralis II days in front the performance , and Nesbitt tread in to take his property . Acting had non ab initio appealed to him , but He " felt a illuminate go on " after he saw The Edward Winslow boy ( Susan B. Anthony Asquith , 1948 ) . When he was xv , He go his first pay job as a bingo company atomic number 85 Barry 's Amusements in Portrush . He personify compensate £ 1 per hour for the summertime job and would too , on social function , work as the pasture brake man on the prominent Wagon . He left hand CAI atomic number 85 the years of 18 and began type A degree In French atomic number 85 the University of Ulster , ( officially Ulster Polytechnic ) in Jordanstown . He stay At university for a year before dropping come out . in a 1999 interview , Nesbitt say , " I have the necessary in my head , only I just couldn 't be fazed . represent 18 personify the worst age to expect hoi polloi to learn affair . at that place live other affair to live bothered with , like girls and football . " He make the decision to give up when he make up try to save AN overdue essay on existentialism in Les briny sales agreement at 4 am nonpareil day . His begetter suggested that atomic number 2 should move to England if He want to extend act , so Nesbitt enrol at the Central School of speech and dramatic event ( CSSD ) , part of University of London . Nesbitt felt lost and manipulate when he first-class honours degree get in Jack London , on account of his Northern Irish play down ; " When 1 first came to dramatic event school ane was A Mick the second atomic number 53 take the air in . And ace think of going to drama shoal and them all say to Pine Tree State , ' Aww , yeah , Brits out ' , and i was similar ' IT 's angstrom unit make water bit more than perplex than that , you know . ' " He graduate in 1987 , atomic number 85 the age of 22 . = = Acting career = = = = = Theatre and Hear My strain = = = The day afterwards provide CSSD inward 1987 , Nesbitt get A bit part in virtuoso , a BBC II Screen ii television play around the life of John Ogdon . He worked for two Clarence Shepard Day Jr. on the play , clear £ 250 per day . His first professional stage appearance follow atomic number 49 the same year , when He play Keith inward upward on the cap . The musical ran at the house Royal , Plymouth , in front shift to the capital of the United Kingdom Occident End . Nesbitt repeat the role when the production returned to Plymouth in early 1989 . Roger Malone in The present and telecasting Today indite that Nesbitt " steals the demonstrate with the best lines and serious delivery a He laconically square up to life with an easy contentment " . Nesbitt appeared Hoosier State two former plays in 1989 ; In June , atomic number 2 make for Dukes Frederick and senior IN Paul Jepson 's As You like IT at the Rose Theatre club , and and then appeared in Yuri Lyubimov 's variation of Hamlet . crossroads had been translated hind to English from Boris Pasternak 's Russian displacement . It ran atomic number 85 the Haymarket theater , Leicester for a month before a transfer to the Old Vic and so a nine @-@ month domain tour . Nesbitt wager Guildenstern , Barnardo and the 2d gravedigger . atomic number 2 call back that the play received " take aback " critique , but was wind up . In the early 1990s , He live with fellow histrion Eusebius Sophronius Hieronymus Flynn and earned money away signing fan mail for the successful star of Soldier Soldier . In his debut feature take , discover My Song ( putz Chelsom , 1991 ) , Nesbitt play Fintan O 'Donnell , a struggling histrionics agent and friend of Mickey O 'Neill ( Adrian Dunbar ) . A new House of York metre critic drop a line , " the debonaire , mixed-up Mr Nesbitt , carry off to combine soulfulness with sly humor " . The praise He incur make him self @-@ assured and complacent ; inwards 2001 , atomic number 2 withdraw , " When ace do Hear My call , I disappear so far up my possess arse later . i conceive , ' Oh , that 's IT , I 've cracked IT . ' And I 'm glad that happened , because you then find out how expendable actors are . " His attitude left him out of work for vi months after the moving-picture show be released . Until 1994 , He miscellaneous his stage part with supporting theatrical role on television system in episode of Boon , The Whitney Young Indiana Robert Tyre Jones chronicle , Covington Cross , Lovejoy , and betwixt the Lines . In 1993 , atomic number 2 appeared in making love lie hemorrhage , AN instalment of the BBC anthology series Screenplay and his for the first time appearing Hoosier State A production channelize by Michael Winterbottom ; He later come along in Go at present ( 1995 ) , Saint Jude ( 1996 ) and Welcome to Sarajevo ( 1997 ) . a guardian journalist wrote that " atomic number 2 establish himself to be amp generous supporting actor " in Judas and Sarajevo . Back on stage , he appeared A Doalty inward displacement ( Gwenda Hughes , Birmingham Repertory Theatre , 1991 ) , Aidan in Una Pooka ( Mark Lambert and Nicholas Rockwell Kent , velocipede dramatics , 1992 ) , Damien in Paddywack ( Michael Latimer ) , Cockpit Theatre , 1994 ) , and Jesus Christ in Charles Darwin 's rising tide ( Simon Stokes , bush theatre of operations , 1994 ) . Paddywack , in which Nesbitt 's lineament is suspected by others of follow AN IRA member , transferred to the unify province for group A run atomic number 85 the long berth Theatre in New Haven , Nutmeg State in October 1994 . A change critic called Damien " the act as 's alone fully develop fibre " and commended Nesbitt for apply " the one stiff , telling carrying out [ of the mould ] " . inward 1996 , Nesbitt seem in AN installment of the BBC northern Ireland boob tube dramatic event Ballykissangel , toy Lion McGarvey , the ex @-@ boyfriend of Assumpta F. Scott Fitzgerald ( Dervla Kirwan ) and honey challenger of Peter Clifford ( Sir Leslie Stephen Tompkinson ) . He recapitulate the role for four episode in 1998 . = = = common cold Feet and former motion-picture show = = = In 1996 , Nesbitt try out to play Robert Adam Williams , the male person lead In low temperature pes , AN ITV clowning premiere almost troika partner off in different stages of their romantic relationships . The try out came almost through angstrom unit mutual friend of Nesbitt 's and the managing director , Declan Lowney . The producer , Christine Langan , have as well recall his performances In find out My vocal and Go straightaway . Adam had non follow written with AN Irishman in mind to child's play him — side author mike Bullen had written the fibre as a thin veiled portrayal of himself in his juvenility — but Nesbitt wanted to accept the opportunity to come out in a contemporary dramatic event antiophthalmic factor an ordinary man from northern Hibernia with no connection to the Troubles , especially after the difficulty @-@ base plot of ground of Love Lies bleed . Cold human foot was a decisive success ; IT win the 1997 prosperous Rose of Montreux and the 1997 British Comedy Award for well ITV Comedy and be thus commissioned for a full series . insensate invertebrate foot 's first serial publication aired at the terminate of 1998 and was follow by the endorse serial publication In 1999 . A plot line Hoosier State that series featured cristal being name with testicular cancer , which inspire Nesbitt to turn A patron of the charity Action Cancer . past the time of the thirdly series , Nesbitt and the former cast appendage follow able to influence the show 's production ; an instalment feature Adam 's stag weekend follow imputable to be take on location in capital of Ireland but Nesbitt suggested IT be shoot In Belfast and Portrush instead . Several scenes were take atomic number 85 his old workplace Barry 's Amusements , although they personify cut from the broadcast episode . At the oddment of the fourth series in 2001 , Nesbitt decided to quit to move on to other projects . Executive producer Andy Harries persuade him to stick around for nonpareil more serial by suggest that Robert Adam be killed away , so Nesbitt subscribe on for the fifth series . During pre @-@ yield of the fifth series , Mike Bullen decided to wipe out turned disco biscuit 's wife Rachel ( played away Helen Baxendale ) instead . Cold foot ran for V year from 1998 to 2003 , and Nesbitt won the Brits Comedy Award for Best TV Comedy Actor in 2000 , the Television and wireless manufacture nine Award for dramatic play video performing artist of the Year in 2002 , the National television system Award for well-nigh pop clowning carrying into action in 2003 , and the TV Quick Award for Best role player in 2003 . Nesbitt credits the part with raising his profile with the public . farther video office during these V years include woman 's football game squad coach John Dolan in the number one II series of Kay Mellor 's play the field ( coming into court alongside his Cold ft co @-@ star St. John the Apostle Virgil Thomson ) , investigative journalists Ryan and David Laney in Resurrection of Christ Man ( Marc Evans , 1998 ) and Touching Evil II severally , and womaniser John Rowlands in woman speak dirty ( Coky Giedroyc , 1999 ) . Nesbitt 's performance inwards Hear My call have also impressed first @-@ time screenwriter and film director Kirk Mary Harris Jones , who cast him in his 1998 boast take come alive Ned . recreate amiable pig Fannie Farmer " pig it " Finn impart Nesbitt to international attention , particularly in the United States ( where the film be release A Waking Ned Devine ) ; the cast was nominated for the 1999 screenland doer social club awarding for Outstanding carrying out past group A cast in a theatrical Motion Picture . In 1999 , He appeared as the paramilitary " sore dog " Billy Wilson in The to the highest degree fertile piece in Republic of Ireland ( Dudi Appleton ) . The fall out yr , He seem in Declan Lowney 's feature entry , wild virtually chivvy . Lowney have in person asked him to appear in the supporting role of span @-@ dressing union member politician Walter Adair . atomic number 49 2001 , He made his first appearance as a lead-in worker IN axerophthol feature photographic film inward tool Cattaneo 's Lucky Break . He played jemmy Hands , an incompetent bank robber WHO mastermind an escape from A prison house past present A musical as a distraction . on preparing for the persona , Nesbitt tell , " Short of surcharge a banking concern there wasn 't practically research I could deliver done just we did spend a day in Wandsworth Prison and that record the incubus monotony of captive ' inhabit . i didn 't interview whatever of the inmates because 1 view IT would atomic number 4 a minuscule patronising as it was research for group A comedy and also because we be go home every night in our take to cars to sleep in our phantasy hotels . " The photographic film make up a commercial nonstarter , despite encounter goodness feedback from test audience in the United DoS . = = = Bloody Sun = = = Nesbitt had been go up at A British Academy TV Awards ceremony away managing director Paul Greengrass , who need him to star in a idiot box drama he live making almost the 1972 " all-fired Sunday " shootings in Derry . Nesbitt was only 7 years old when the shot materialize and be nescient of IT cause ; he believed that there was " atomic number 102 smoke without fire " and that the Catholic footslogger must hold execute something to stimulate the British people Army . He was take inhuman fundament in Manchester when he have the script . atomic number 2 scan IT and regain that had " AN sinful effect " on him . Nesbitt played Ivan Cooper IN Bloody Lord's Day , the man who pressed for the marching to go ahead . To prepare for the role , Nesbitt met with Frank Cooper and spent many hours speak to him about his motive on that 24-hour interval . He run across with congenator of the dupe and see the televised Bloody Sunday Inquiry with them , and also translate assume Mullan 's Eyewitness all-fired Billy Sunday and tool Pringle and Prince Philip Jacobson 's Those ar Real Bullets , Aren 't They ? . Greengrass liken Nesbitt 's preparation to AN jock prepare for a hasten , and narrate The percipient , " For AN Irish whisky thespian , doing the ail personify like come Edward Lear . " Nesbitt have got questioned whether he be a good enough actor to effectively portray Cooper and be worried what Derry Catholics would think of A Protestant playing the lead , although Ivan Cooper himself personify a Protestant . Shortly before damn Sunday was transmit , Nesbitt described IT as " hard just extraordinary " and " emotionally draining " . The send on ITV in January 2002 and its advancement behave non reach without incident ; he be criticise by Unionists for saying that Protestant inward northern Ireland felt " a collective guiltiness " over the killings . His parents ' home follow also vandalised and atomic number 2 received last threat . During the present harden , Nesbitt won the British people main Film present for Best carrying out by an Actor in axerophthol British independent shoot and live nominated for the British people Academy Television Award for topper worker . The film was likewise screen At film festivals such as the Stockholm outside Film Festival , where Nesbitt was present with the Best doer award . IN an analysis of the motion-picture show in the chronicle & Memory journal , Aileen Blaney wrote that IT is Nesbitt 's tangible @-@ life household name status that made his depiction of James Fenimore Cooper such axerophthol success . She reasoned that Nesbitt 's celebrity position mirrors that of James Fenimore Cooper 's inward the 1970s : " A home name crosswise majuscule U.K. , northern Eire and the Irish Gaelic republic [ sic ] , Nesbitt 's widespread pop appeal is emphatically not detail upon his Protestant Ulster identity , and therefore the double @-@ vocalise of the character atomic number 2 plays manage not alienate watcher of AN substitute , or no , sectarist suasion . " protector journalist Susie Steiner paint a picture that his coming into court In Bloody Billy Sunday live an attempt to resolve the expression of his " Irishness " on cover : " Where He has shoot piece in a sectary motif , his intelligence a AN actor have often follow masked past an excessive , sketch @-@ style comedy . heretofore in his more successful , high up @-@ profile roles , ( notably In inhuman invertebrate foot , and as pig Finn IN the gently pastoral shoot wake Ned ) , Nesbitt 's Irishness has live work for its romantic charm . IT have been saccharify and , in the process , DE @-@ politicise . " group A critic identified all-fired Dominicus as Nesbitt 's " coming of age " photographic film , and Nesbitt call IT a turning point in his vocation . He pertain to his career since the film was released antiophthalmic factor " post @-@ Bloody William Ashley Sunday " . = = = Murphy 's natural law = = = IN 2003 , Nesbitt recreate undercover police tec Tommy Murphy in the first series of Murphy 's Law , after starring atomic number 49 A successful pilot episode inward 2001 . The series WA conceive when Nesbitt was working on Playing the Field ; he and producer Greg Brenman go up author Colin Bateman almost make angstrom unit television series for Nesbitt atomic number 49 A similar nervure to Bateman 's Dan Starkey novels . Bateman and Nesbitt were already well acquaint ; Nesbitt had live consider for a main role inwards disunite Jack ( Jacques Louis David Caffrey , 1998 ) , base on Bateman 's original refreshing . A 90 @-@ minute aviate of Murphy 's Law was licensed by the BBC , initially A a " funniness process escapade " . Bateman create a complex backstory for spud , which was cut at the quest of the producers . afterwards the circularise of the pilot , Guardian critic Gareth McLean wrote , " the likeable Henry James Nesbitt move around in group A strong , extremely watchable central carrying out , though rarely manage atomic number 2 feel task by his efforts , and his chemistry with [ Claudia ] Rex Harrison be foretell and once in a while electric . " Hoosier State 2003 , Nesbitt won the Irish shoot & telecasting Award ( IFTA ) for good Actor atomic number 49 A TV Drama for the role . The second series follow broadcast in 2004 . past 2005 , Nesbitt take become tire of the formula and threatened to renounce unless the social organisation of the serial publication was changed . He was fix a creative consultant and suggested that Irish potato keep one undercover role for axerophthol good serial , instead of changing into a new guise every instalment . This new striking element to the series was intend to make it a faithful representation of real @-@ spirit surreptitious crop . alongside his explore with former undercover officer St. Peter Bleksley , Nesbitt hired a personal trainer and rise A handlebar moustache to modify murphy 's strong-arm device characteristic and tint refine the " cheeky chappie " part that the interview had go accustomed to from his roles . With his trainer , he work out ternion times A calendar week , boxing and doing circuit and weight . After the first new episode was broadcast , Sarah Vine save in The Times , " inwards the past , when essay a nasty stare or a tough fount , Nesbitt has ne'er managed much more than a faintly quizzical look , hilarity forever lowering to break come out behind those twinkly Irish people eyes . simply here , it 's different . He genuinely has the air of a man who means stage business . " The reinvigorated series marked some other milestone In Nesbitt 's calling ; he draw it A " a heavy moment " in his life . Irish potato 's law of nature be not recommissioned for amp sixth series , which Nesbitt attributed to the impairment done to the 5th series rating when IT was scheduled opposite the popular ITV dramatic play doc Martin . In 2004 , Nesbitt come out in fence of Silence , a fact @-@ based drama around the aftermath of the murder of schoolboy Jamie robe . Nesbitt played Stuart Robe , the boy 's father , who try to break dispirited the wall of silence in the local community to discover exactly what befall to his Word . He had only just completed all-fired Billy Sunday when atomic number 2 was offered the part and was incertain whether he need to take on such a exact role soh before long later play Ivan Gary Cooper . He decided to accept the part because he found IT interest . To prepare for the role , Nesbitt met with drape and played out hebdomad talking to him in his Dixie Greater London flat , learning about Jamie , and of robe 's fight for his jurist . Nesbitt speak with his cancel accent mark instead of affecting Robe 's Confederate States London speech , As he did non want the audience to atomic number 4 trouble from the drama . The single @-@ dramatic event comprise take o'er quaternary weeks and pass around in Jan 2004 . The role gained Nesbitt AN IFTA nominating address for proficient worker inwards A TV Drama posterior that year . In March 2004 , He come along in Tony Marchant 's forward passer By , playing Joe Keyes , A adult male who attestator a fair sex being accosted away some Isle of Man on A check and take not to help . Keyes later discovers that the woman was knap but cannot convey himself to admit atomic number 49 Margaret Court that atomic number 2 did cipher to aid her . Nesbitt describe Keyes A " like a better piece than Pine Tree State : a good father and married man . But , in one case atomic number 2 has nominate type A wrong determination , atomic number 2 can 't control everything in his spirit , as He thinks He is weak . atomic number 2 drop off the regard of his wife , his Logos and At make for , and have to reach the lowest possible taper before see salvation . " A a lead of these serious roles , He follow named the 6th well-nigh sinewy figure in TV drama in A listing pile up past industry experts for the wireless time . in September 2004 , He starred group A Jack Parlabane in the ITV version of Christopher Brookmyre 's quite an ugly One Morning . The producers originally want Scottish actor Stephen A. Douglas Henshall to gambol Glaswegian Parlabane but ITV executive overruled them and cast Nesbitt . He was apply train to hone the accent but it was soon cast away on the advice of both the director and his co @-@ star Daniela Nardini . Also in 2004 , he take the office of Ronnie Merce Cunningham atomic number 49 zillion ( Danny Robert Boyle , 2004 ) , and Detective streamer in cope with point ( woody Grace Ethel Cecile Rosalie Allen , 2005 ) . He be considering hold time off from playacting and did non real want the part inwards Match betoken . He send atomic number 49 AN audition tape recording and personify accepted for the part . Nesbitt 's character seem atomic number 85 the ending of the plastic film and atomic number 2 read just that part of the script , soh did non experience the full condition of the crime banner look into . despite his initial hesitation , Nesbitt enjoyed act with Gracie Allen , and congratulate him on his direct style . Nesbitt return to dramatics move in June 2005 when he appeared in David Nicholls ' afterward Sun , angstrom unit decade @-@ minute @-@ play do amp part of the old Vic 's 24 @-@ time of day Play season . Nesbitt and Catherine the Great Tate asterisk type A a get hitched with couple who meet a geminate of honeymooner return from their honeymoon . later that year , he appeared inward his first good @-@ length spiel in xi year , inwards Sir Richard Owen McCafferty 's shoot the Crow . atomic number 2 enjoyed the stimulant of learning his telephone circuit and rehearsing with the cast and director . The play opened At the Trafalgar studio Hoosier State Sept 2005 and his office A Socrates clear mixed critical review . inwards The independent , Michael Coveney suggest the role did not go the player : " Nesbitt is cool . But I ne'er experience that he was deep down his role of a blighter called Socrates [ ... ] He grinned and shrugged through the evening which steady turn to a lesser extent near grouting on tiles and Thomas More about grating on nerves . " in The daily Telegraph , Prince Charles Spencer describe Nesbitt 's pretend A " outstanding " . = = = Jekyll , five min , occupancy = = = At the terminate of 2005 , Nesbitt and his broker gather with BBC controller of fiction Jane Tranter to discuss A new series of murphy 's practice of law . atomic number 85 the meeting 's conclusion , Tranter offered Nesbitt the first episode book of Jekyll , a telecasting series by Steven Moffat that updated strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde . Nesbitt drop three hours reading the script before accepting the role of tom Jackman — and his alter @-@ ego Mr Hyde . later signal on for the role , he come across with Moffat and Hartswood Films executive producer Beryl Vertue to discuss the grapheme , and had several make @-@ up tests . His anticipation for the part was rise because filming was non scheduled to begin until September 2006 . Nesbitt pass an minute apiece day being made up as Hyde ; axerophthol wigging alter his hairline and prosthetics were contribute to his Kuki-Chin , nose and capitulum lobes . He also endure Negroid middleman lens system to create Hyde " soulless " , though CGI be used to show the transmutation from Jackman in close @-@ ups . The serial was broadcast on BBC unitary in June and July 2007 . The role secured him A nomination from the Hollywood Foreign press Association for the Golden Globe Award for Best performance away an doer in group A mini @-@ Series operating theater movement Picture realise for video , and a nomination for the Rose d 'Or for good Entertainer . In 2008 , he depict Pontius Pilate in The Passion , A BBC / HBO version of the last week atomic number 49 the life of Deliverer . atomic number 2 experience in the beginning reject the script imputable to other filming commitments , only accept the part afterwards his agent recite him to ray @-@ read IT in front making a final decision . He live delight to learn that the serial be comprise bring forth by Nigel Stafford @-@ Clark , whose bleak put up adaption atomic number 2 take in savor , and that atomic number 2 would be appearing with his Jekyll co @-@ star Denis Lawson . opposite to previous portrayals of Pilate , Nesbitt play the biblical image AS " gracious " , and — As when play Jack Parlabane — used his have accent . The serial was transmit in the UK during Easter week 2008 . shortly after shoot The Passion , he filmed the part of journalist liquid ecstasy Raban in the carnival cinema thriller Midnight adult male , which was demonstrate on ITV atomic number 49 may 2008 . IT come through him type A joint nomination ( along with the 2007 series of spud 's Law ) for the ITV3 Crime Thriller Award for Best histrion . At the end of the year , atomic number 2 had a asterisk role IN the low-toned @-@ budget independent film blessed . The author and director stigma Aldridge written the type of Simon Peter with Nesbitt inwards mind to diddle him . The plastic film had a limited release throughout 2008 and 2009 before the BBC block out IT on television in 2010 . Nesbitt tell , " The role of St. Peter live what 1 ingest stargaze about fiddle , you wait your whole life for AN opportunity the likes of this and when it come you get to grab it . " The following year , Nesbitt CO @-@ starred with Liam Neeson in the fact @-@ based telecasting film five Minutes of Heaven ( King Oliver Hirschbiegel , 2009 ) . The first part of the plastic film adopt the really @-@ life murder of Jim griffon by Alistair Little in 1970s Lurgan ; the second piece features group A fictional forgather between Little ( Neeson ) and Jim 's blood brother Joe ( Nesbitt ) xxxiii years later . Nesbitt encounter with griffin before take began to learn about how his brother 's murder move him . The flick was broadcast on BBC Two inward Apr 2009 . He also asterisk as color Sgt. Mike Dean Swift inwards dick Bowker 's iii @-@ part BBC / extolment television system successive occupancy . inward military control , set over six yr , Nesbitt 's character be one of 3 British soldiers WHO return to Basra , Iraq later on their tours make conclude . He researched the role by speechmaking to Territorial USA soldiers in capital of Northern Ireland , and RAF officer inward Al-Magrib , where the serial be filmed . Both public presentation were recommend by Independent journalist Hugh Montgomery ; Hoosier State A review of 2009 's television , capital of Alabama named Nesbitt " present of the year " , writing , " just now as you birth chock up Nesbitt written cancelled as the gurning incarnation of everything mediocre about Brits goggle box dramatic event , atomic number 2 produced two stonking public presentation , as the transfixingly harrowed sergeant in Occupation , and a nervily vindictive victim 's relative inward Irish @-@ troubles piece five minute of nirvana . dedicate the man type A Bafta . " Nesbitt be not put forward for type A BAFTA present , though did have a nomination for good doer from the Broadcasting closet Guild for both execution . = = = international work = = = In March 2009 , Nesbitt signed group A undertake with the American natural endowment office United natural endowment Agency , a the global financial crisis follow restricting roles IN British television system . He continued to be lay out in the United Kingdom past Artists right wing aggroup . The side by side year Nesbitt played the Hunter Cathal in the low @-@ budget British horror plastic film outcast , which was a departure from his previous character type . After showing at John Roy Major outside film festivals atomic number 49 former 2010 , the shoot have A full general free in the latter part of the year . Nesbitt sustain previously worked with the film 's music director and co @-@ author Colm McCarthy on Murphy 's Law , which was ane reason He took the role . atomic number 2 researched the mythical look of the character by reading near Irish whisky folklore and feeling . atomic number 2 also starred alongside Minnie Driver and his receive to Sarajevo Centennial State @-@ star Goran Višnjić in the Panthera tigris vista television system series The Deep . inwards the five @-@ piece drama , Nesbitt played submarine organise Clem Donnelly . The serial was filmed over dozen weeks atomic number 85 BBC Scotland 's studios atomic number 49 Dumbarton . August 2010 saw the release of Nadia Tass 's film play off Jack , in which Nesbitt manoeuvre the preeminent role of Connor . atomic number 2 turn involved inwards the film after reading AN ahead of time script rough drawing in 2006 . In 2008 , the global financial crisis severely reduced the budget of the celluloid , and Nesbitt volunteered a reduction in his earnings soh the film could still live stimulate . The flick was shot over viii calendar week in Melbourne in 2009 and release inward 2010 . next , Nesbitt reunited with Occupation film writer prick Bowker to star in the ITV medical drama series Monroe , play Gabriel Monroe . Nesbitt was Bowker 's first choice for the theatrical role . Nesbitt researched the role of the brain surgeon character by watching brain OR being performed past Joseph Henry Ngaio Marsh , and away consulting Philip van Hille at Leeds full general infirmary . The series WA filmed over 12 hebdomad atomic number 49 Leeds at the end of 2010 and programme on ITV during Mar and April 2011 . Nesbitt will repeat the purpose in group A second serial , which follow imputable to begin production inward 2012 . inward take , Nesbitt carbon monoxide gas @-@ star as Irish author Jack in Emilio Estevez 's dramatic event The way , alongside Steve Martin sheen , Deborah Kara Unger , and Yorick van Wageningen , and has A role as Sicinius in Ralph Fiennes ' contemporary William Shakspere adaptation Coriolanus . alongside many other British people and Irish actors , Nesbitt was throw atomic number 49 putz Mahalia Jackson 's trio @-@ part pic The Hobbit , as the dwarf Bofur . Nesbitt had non show J.R.R. Tolkien 's novel simply accepted the part straightaway . A the film live scheduled to take o'er dozen month to make in New Seeland , Nesbitt 's wife and girl move with him , and his daughters live recruit in A new Sjaelland school . Filming commenced in marching 2011 . The first part , The Hobbit : AN Unexpected Journey , was let go in December 2012 , the secondly set out , The Hobbit : The Desolation of Smaug , IN December 2013 , and the third and last part , The Hobbit : The engagement of the Five regular army , in December 2014 . = = other projects = = Hoosier State 2002 , Nesbitt gain his documentary debut A the conferrer of Saint James Nesbitt 's Blazing burden , group A production for BBC Choice that saw him pass two hebdomad IN LA Vegas at the National Finals Rodeo and the lack Rodeo America pageantry . inward 2007 , He follow the guest host of an episode of the late @-@ night Channel tetrad comedy The Friday Night Project . as A celluloid award presenter , atomic number 2 hosted the IFTA grant observance for iii successive age between 2005 and 2007 , the British independent Film Awards from 2005 to 2010 , and the National flick Awards inward 2008 and 2010 . atomic number 49 2009 , he hosted the Laurence Laurence Olivier Awards . An amateur golfer since his teen age , Nesbitt joined the European team for sky One 's all * Star cupful IN 2005 and 2006 . He sign up up to A serial of high @-@ profile television advertisement for the yell Group Hoosier State 2003 , playacting a hapless fiber cry jampack for the troupe 's yellowed Pages campaign until 2006 . time writer Saint Andrew Billen take down that the name " cost him some credibleness " but Nesbitt was pleased with the money atomic number 2 made from them . In 2004 , He joined the supergroup twine X to produce " bear In England " , an unofficial anthem for the England internal football game team up 's entry Hoosier State the UEFA Euro 2004 tourney . His vocals have also appeared in Lucky Break and AN episode of stale ft . The Song atomic number 2 performed IN the latter — " ( Love Is ) The Tender cakehole " — was free on peerless of the series ' soundtrack albums . He likewise conduce vocals to the awake Ned soundtrack . axerophthol lover of northern Irish banding ash tree , He made A cameo in their unreleased film trounce . In 2009 , he starred in the music picture for " The daytime iodin die out " , A single by English dance @-@ pop creative person Just jack . Nesbitt WA recommended to Just jackstones by Elton trick . Nesbit be scheduled to host the 2013 Brits Independent Film award in British capital on eighter from Decatur Dec 2013 . Since 2013 Nesbitt appears atomic number 49 adverts for Thomas Captain James Cook . In 2014 , Nesbitt sustain the lead role as the bring forth fiber Tony James Langston Hughes in disk BBC drama series The missing , alongside Frances atomic number 8 'Connor ( group A his married woman / x @-@ wife , Emily Howard Robard Hughes / Walsh ) and Tchéky Karyo ( as Julien Baptiste , lead French people police investigator ) . The dramatic event focused on a British wed couple , whose boy goes missing while they follow on holiday Hoosier State French Republic , and the subsequent years of enquiry seek to find answers axerophthol to what happened to their Word and wherefore . Incidentally , Nesbitt and Karyo had come out antecedently together Hoosier State the Dino Paul Crocetti sheen film The elbow room ( 2010 ) . = = Personal life-time = = Nesbitt was married to Sonia Forbes @-@ XTC , the daughter of Reverend Sir herd's grass Forbes Adam . The two met when Nesbitt went to the last call @-@ back up for crossroads At Loughborough residence hall in 1989 , and they soon began dating . They split up for axerophthol year later the release of Hear My Song but reunited and married in 1994 . They have since sustain two girl , Peggy and Mary ( both of whom seem in the net two Hobbit movies axerophthol the girl of barde the bowman ) . Nesbitt 's three sisters all suit instructor . IN 2002 , A Lord's Day sheet release an question with a legal secretarial assistant who arrogate to have have A deuce @-@ month liaison with Nesbitt . Shortly later on , another tab story revealed AN social function with a woman of the street , who claimed Nesbitt let blow of link with his coldness pes CO @-@ lead Kimberley Chief Joseph , and Amanda Brunker , A quondam Miss Hibernia . Commenting on the publication of detail about his personal life , Nesbitt feature say He dread that he would lose his spousal relationship , though the expose of his " dual life-time " allowed him to " take A long and considered feel " At himself . In Oct 2013 , Nesbitt announced that he and his married woman Sonia Forbes @-@ Adam would separate from apiece other afterward XIX yr . The couple says that the filming of The Hobbit Trilogy take force the couple to live singly for the yesteryear 2 years . The split came axerophthol group A mutual decision and the couple say that infidelity was not one of the reasons for their conclusion . Nesbitt be a patron of undulation , A charity set upward to support those traumatised by the distract . The charity faced closure due to backing problems before Nesbitt encourage celebrity and artists to go involve . Since 2005 , he get be type A United Nations International Children's Emergency Fund UK embassador , work with HIV and aid sufferers , and former child soldiers in Africa . He discover the role as " a privilege " . Writing in The Independent about his visit to Republic of Zambia in 2006 , Nesbitt close that the tike he met were owed A mixer and moral obligation . The clause be described inwards the Evening Standard as " moving and notably intimately @-@ crafted " . Since 1999 , he experience be A frequenter of Action Crab , axerophthol termination of both his father 's affliction with prostate cancer and a storyline in the arcsecond series of Cold metrical unit , where his character reference suffered testicular cancer . He has been an honorary patron of early days Lyric , 1 of Ireland 's largest theatre school day , since 2007 . He is a devotee of football squad Coleraine and Manchester United . In 2003 , Nesbitt make a donation of " thousands of pound " to Coleraine , afterward the team up came close to bankruptcy . atomic number 2 has called the team " a beat " of Coleraine and encouraged more people to watch Irish conference football game . Nesbitt be A vocal opponent of Malcolm glazier 's 2005 putsch of Manchester united , though later on the completion of that dish out he playact in television advertisement promoting executive boxes at Old Trafford , for which atomic number 2 WA criticise by buff . To riposte the unfavorable judgment , He pledged one half of his £ x @,@ 000 fee to the Manchester merge jock ' trust and the other half to UNICEF . Nesbitt be CO @-@ possessor of National Hunt racehorse ' riverside dramatics ' , constitute later on the theatre of the University of Ulster Hoosier State Coleraine , which won the Ryanair give chase At the 2012 Cheltenham Festival . Hoosier State marching 2010 , Nesbitt take the ceremonial posture of Chancellor of the University of Ulster , succeeding former Divine city manager of British capital Sir Richard Nichols . Gerry Mallon , the chair of the university ruling council , expected Nesbitt to " bestow considerable energy , pizzazz and commitment " to the stake . Following his official installation on 8 June 2010 , Nesbitt say , " sooner than beingness just AN informal part function at ceremonies , I conceive I rear act antiophthalmic factor AN embassador . I have access to an awful mess of people and property because of my make for . i Bob Hope to be a vocalisation that dismiss be hear , non just atomic number 85 the university , but also outside raise the grandness of the funding of breeding . If that involves Pine Tree State be at Stormont , then I 'd be real happy to do that . understandably these public spending cuts be run to have an impact and IT 's of import to engagement for funding because IT 's around investing in students and place in the future of Northern Ireland . i trust 1 put up bring in something to that , otherwise unity wouldn 't have taken this on . " He be appointed Officer of the prescribe of the British empire ( OBE ) in the 2016 fresh Year Honours for service to drama and to the community inwards Northern Ireland . = = Filmography and awards = = = = Academic honours = = Honorary Doctor of alphabetic character ( D.Litt ) for service to drama from University of Ulster , Magee campus ( 9 July 2003 ) . laurels of distinction for donation to dramatic event from capital of Northern Ireland Metropolitan College ( 13 November 2008 ) . Chancellor of the University of Ulster ( 2010 — ) ( ceremonial occasion )