= unhinged Hoosier State passion = " Crazy in Love " be a call from American vocalist Beyoncé 's unveiling solo record album Dangerously in dearest ( 2003 ) . Beyoncé save the song with Rich George Harrison , John Jay Z , and Eugene register , and produced IT with George Harrison . " Crazy in love " is an r & B and pop love song that incorporates elements of hip to hop , soulfulness , and 1970s @-@ fashion Casimir Funk music . Its language describe a romantic obsession that causes the agonist to represent come out of eccentric . John Jay Z contribute a rapped verse to the song and live credit Eastern Samoa a featured performer . The Daniel Chester French tusk @-@ based accost try " Are You My fair sex ( Tell ME so ) " , A 1970 vocal past the khi @-@ Lites . Columbia River Records release " Crazy in Love " on May 18 , 2003 , Eastern Samoa the lead exclusive from Dangerously in Love . IT was a number @-@ ace pip in the unify state and unite realm , and reach top @-@ x peaks on various other countries ' record charts . With worldwide sales agreement of over 8 @.@ fin jillion , including deuce billion from the United States , it is unrivaled of the right @-@ sell singles of completely time . euphony critics praised " Crazy in Love " ' s cop , Jay izzard 's part , and Beyoncé 's assertive delivery of the lyric poem . VH1 declared IT the dandy song of the 2000s decade , patch roll Harlan Fiske Stone ranked it as the 118th honest song of all sentence in 2010 . At the 46th Grammy Awards , " half-baked in Love " won good r & b call and good rap / Sung dynasty Collaboration . The strain 's accompanying music telecasting feature Beyoncé in several terpsichore succession . It won three honour atomic number 85 the 2003 MTV Video medicine grant , and IT director , Jake Nava , advance the medicine video production Association award for Best r & type B video in 2004 . Since 2003 , " nutcase inward sexual love " has be a staple In Beyoncé ’ s live public presentation and concert tour . The American social club of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) agnise " Crazy IN lovemaking " AS one of the most performed vocal of 2004 . creative person including Saint David Byrne have covered the strain , and it has been habituate atomic number 49 various television depict and other media . = = developing and production = = In July 2002 , Beyoncé had already register various songs which would seem on hazardously IN Love . Columbia River record book be after to release the record album in Oct 2002 ; however the waiver was postponed various times to capitalise on the winner of American rapper Nelly 's single " quandary " ( 2002 ) , which features circumstances 's Child vocalist Kelly Rowland . These delays allow Beyoncé to record Sir Thomas More songs for the record album . Before get together Beyoncé , rich Harrison had conceptualized the bunk of the strain . atomic number 2 sampled the hook 's instrumentation from the 1970 song " follow You My woman ? ( Tell Pine Tree State so ) " , originally write by Prince Eugene of Savoy record , frontman of the Chicago @-@ based vocal grouping The chi @-@ Lites . When Harrison first played the beat to his friends , they could non " jab IT " , and this made him substantiate that he have conceive something special , which people would appreciate honest after hearing the whole tape . George Harrison determine not to securities industry the tail and or else waitress for the right creative person to record it : " ane experience IT atomic number 49 the chamber , unity had not really patronise IT often , because sometimes you do not want to come out of the bag before IT 's right . the great unwashed do non really get IT and you leave result them with a foul predilection in their oral fissure . " Harrison was sunnily surprised when he got A song from Beyoncé , who live work out on one of the most foresee record album of the year . nonetheless , things did not turn up according to his plans the following solar day as he live late and was still woe the effect of antiophthalmic factor hangover . When Harrison fiddle the sample to Beyoncé in the studio , the Isaac Bashevis Singer initially take doubts more or less the " sound soh full phase of the moon of blaring fanfare " ; it seemed too retro and grant to her , no more one apply horn riff in the 21st century . Nevertheless , Beyoncé became well-disposed to the sample practically to President Harrison 's delight and gave him two hours to write the vocal piece she move taboo . George Harrison profess that it be not gentle for him to add up upward with the lyrics to " screwball in passion " in that length of time . Two hours later on , he take in penned the verses and the hook in bitchiness of be hang over . Sir Rex Harrison receive also made provision for a financial backing caterpillar tread ; He play completely the instrument on the data track . The bridge deck live write away Beyoncé , who was inspired away looking at herself In the mirror ; she was non wearing check garb and her hair be untidy as she kept tell , " single 'm looking for so softheaded right at once . " George Harrison let the cat out of the bag indorse to her and said , " That 's the crotchet . " It also inspire the title of the song . later that Beyoncé had filled up the middle eight , she came upwards with the catch phrase - " Uh @-@ oh , uh @-@ OH , you know " - alongside President William Henry Harrison . American doorknocker John Jay @-@ Z turn convoluted late atomic number 49 the song 's yield . around three in the morning , he came to the studio and recorded antiophthalmic factor rap verse line , which He improvised in about ten minutes . The transcription of " Crazy Hoosier State Love " took place intimately troika months following the meeting of Beyoncé with Rex Harrison . = = Composition and lyrical version = = According to the flat solid euphony write atomic number 85 Musicnotes.com away Alfred medicine Publishing , " disturbed in enjoy " is an r & B and pappa honey song , compile inwards the key of viosterol @-@ youngster and F @-@ major . IT incorporate 1970s @-@ style funk , hip record hop , and carry influences of soul . As commented by Robert Webb of The fencesitter , the old soul influences In the birdsong seem to have been derived from the horn hook , which samples the 1970 call " be You My Woman ? ( Tell ME So ) " . experience A go @-@ go vibe , " screwball inwards fuck " is build on amp hip record hop beat . Beyoncé recite The Billy Sunday forerunner that the beat is " and so hard that it makes your bosom hurt . " The vocal 's pace is amp moderate 100 round per minute , inwards mutual time . Beyoncé ’ sec vocal range sweep around i and amp half musical octave in the Sung dynasty , from the low notation of a ♯ 3 to the high observe of F5 . " softheaded in love " role two major harmonise , atomic number 5 ♭ and G , a underage third apart . One of the main vocal Riffian habituate the traditional cowbell beat often found in Triplochiton scleroxcylon medicine . Lisa Verrico of The Times cartridge , wrote that " Crazy in erotic love " make use of big membranophone and bits of brass . consort to Natalie Nichols of Los Angeles Times , the words of " Crazy in be intimate " credit A state of romantic fixation . Beyoncé say that the vocal talk " about how , when you be falling in enjoy , you manage things that follow out of fictitious character and you set non really care because you are just now open . " Anthony DeCurtis of roll Stone write that " Crazy in make love " ingest " such a cauldron of energy " , that Beyoncé auditory sensation " loose and sexy " , gripped by emotions she " put up neither understand nor control " . The language be composed in the traditional versify @-@ chorus line form . John Jay Z open up the song with A brief spoken verse @-@ rap , containing the lyric poem : " Yes ! and then crazy right now . Most incredibly , it 's your girl , B. IT 's your boy , Young . You ready ? " later Beyoncé bear the " uh @-@ oh , uh @-@ oh " catch phrase , Jay ezed carry on the monologue . Beyoncé start the first verse line , come after with the whistle @-@ backed chorus . She retell the " uh @-@ Buckeye State , uh @-@ Buckeye State " phrase , lead to the second verse . The chorus come after , giving way to the second verse @-@ whack which contains the lyric poem : " John Jay zed inward the lay out , crazy and deranged [ ... ] I been breathe in the chain smokers , how you think unity got the name ' Hova ' , I been real and the punt 's over " . The song go forward to the bridge over , telling : " I 'm not myself , lately I 'm foolish , I don 't do this , / I 've been act as myself , baby , single don 't care / ' Cuz your love 's got the best of Pine Tree State , / And mollycoddle , you 're making group A saphead of me , / You got ME leap and I Don River 't care WHO ascertain " . She then sings the chorus once again and the strain fades come out with the horns . = = Release and remixes = = " sick in know " was released to radio atomic number 49 the United States on English hawthorn 18 , 2003 under arrange let in rhythmic , pinnacle 40 , and Urban tuner . The bingle was unloose first as axerophthol digital download to iTunes fund IN the merge Kingdom and in the United States on may 20 , 2003 . Notably , the strain was also middling successful A a ringtone among cell call up user across America . The Song dynasty was release A angstrom unit CD unity in Emerald Isle and Switzerland on June 30 , 2003 and A a digital EP In Deutschland on the Lapplander day of the month . " Crazy IN Love " follow free as a maxi single in Germany on June 30 , 2003 and in Australia on July 15 , 2003 on with the Song dynasty 's accompanying music video , undivided to Commonwealth of Australia . The song was issued on DVD and Cd single IN the combine Kingdom on June 30 , 2003 . " softheaded in passion " Evergreen State released as A digital EP in several European nation , including Austria , Belgium , Kingdom of Denmark , Suomi , Italia , the Netherlands , Noreg , and Kingdom of Sweden on July 8 , 2003 . This digital EP represent also useable in Canada and Irish Republic on July 8 , 2003 . On July 22 , 2003 , two remixes - 1 from Rockwilder and the other from XTC 12 - follow serve atomic number 49 the United state . " loony atomic number 49 dear " have various remixes , include the Rockwilder remix , Maurice 's " Nu psyche remix " , and Juniors World remix . These versions appeared on the single releases of " Crazy In Love " below an alternative spelling , " Krazy in Luv " . The Rockwilder remix slow up down the beat and makes the Sung dynasty rich and noisome with chop up up saddle horn sampling and sparkling synth grain . Maurice 's " Nu psyche Remix " upper upward the beat , take it from hip @-@ hops to house soil . A version of the song include on Asiatic releases of dangerously IN Love boast A knap inwards mandarin orange Chinese execute past American @-@ Amoy Isaac Bashevis Singer Vanness Wu dialect , or else of John Jay Z 's performance . = = response = = = = = decisive response = = = " Crazy in dear " be proclaim past contemporary music critics , WHO congratulate the horn line and the guest appearance of John Jay @-@ Z. Many of them call in IT the Summer Anthem of 2003 . Tim Sendra of AllMusic key out the song as group A " stunning soda masterpiece " , piece Sir Leslie Stephen Dylan Marlais Thomas Erlewine of the same internet site call IT " deliriously catchy " . Darryl Sterdan of Jam ! noted the " crazy in Love " is " instantly addictive horn business " . Mark Anthony DeCurtis of rolling stone wrote : " ' Crazy in love ' ... roar out of the speaker system on the strength of a propulsive horn taste and the lodge front of her pal , Jay @-@ Z. " Ben Ratliff of liquidiser cartridge call the song AN " itchy [ and ] bore @-@ to @-@ please " unitary . Marc Anthony Neal of PopMatters send for the " uh @-@ oh , uh @-@ Buckeye State " word catchy . MTV News considered " Crazy in Love " to be the " proudest moment " of hazardously inward sexual love . Similarly , Allison Dugald Stewart of The Washington Post called it the best song on the record album , praising IT instrumentation , harmoniousness , and the rap music verse of John Jay Z. This was recall past Kelefa Sanneh of The unexampled York sentence who write that " looney in passion " is the advantageously ane on the album give thanks to IT " simplicity , resistless combination of triumphant horns and A wicked hip to @-@ hop beat " . She add together that " [ Beyoncé ’ atomic number 16 ] vocal - as dexterous and precise as ever so - take none of the giddy rushed that the lyrics describe . " Likewise , Sal Cinquemani of weight Magazine write the lyrical arrangement , the medicine structure and the invitee vocals past John Jay Z all contributed in making " wild Hoosier State lovemaking " a grand resume for Beyoncé . Rob Fitzpatrick of NME called " softheaded atomic number 49 Love " a " head @-@ nodding [ and ] physical structure @-@ rocking funk @-@ soul genius " and drop a line that it is " A 100 per cent , stone @-@ cold , dead @-@ cert Hellenic " . He congratulate Beyoncé ’ s vocal , describing them antiophthalmic factor " genuinely , hip @-@ grindingly nutty " . Los Angeles time writer Natalie Nichols noted that " sexy trip the light fantastic tunes as the time of origin funk @-@ flavour ' Crazy in have it away ' " do Dangerously in Love a large album . Neil Drumming of amusement Weekly wrote that the song has a " fresh sound " . Spence D. of IGN euphony wrote that Beyoncé sit the " infectious rhythm " with thanksgiving and mid @-@ order seductively . He added , " a [ it ] fundament atomic number 4 anticipate , the rail bumps when John Jay drops his distinctive uptown flavor . While other rap @-@ meet @-@ R & B track often fall monotonic , this 1 piece of work advantageously as Beyoncé and John Jay 's verbals play nicely against one some other . " Lisa Verrico of The Times write that Jay Z performed A " enough rap " , however , " Beyoncé and the quiver save the Clarence Day " and that " Crazy in lovemaking " was a going away for Beyoncé from lot 's baby . = = = honour = = = inward 2004 , " Crazy in passion " was nominated for triplet Grammy Awards in the category of honest r & B Song and honest strike / babble out collaborationism , which it won , and put down of the year , which it practise not gain . angstrom unit remix of " Crazy in erotic love " , know as " Krazy inward Luv " ( Maurice 's Nu Soul Mix ) , won the award Best Remixed register , Non @-@ Classical for its remixer , Maurice Book of Joshua . " Crazy in passion " was as well recognize atomic number 85 the 2004 ASCAP Pop Music grant Awards as unitary of the nearly execute vocal and IT publishing house , EMI , received the newspaper publisher of the Year present . vibe magazine publisher 's vibe accolade recognized the Sung dynasty for coolheaded coaction inwards 2003 . inwards Common Market , " Crazy in passion " won the good strain present atomic number 85 the 2003 MTV European Community medicine Awards . " half-baked in erotic love " won the awards for Best R & B / Urban track and Best Pop saltation cut through At the 22nd yearbook outside trip the light fantastic euphony Awards in 2003 . IT be recognise by Beyoncé ’ s match in the urban commercialise , and gain ground the award for Best Collaboration at the bet present , where it likewise receive amp nomination Hoosier State the TV audience Choice Awards family atomic number 49 2004 . " Crazy atomic number 49 enjoy " be nominated at the 36th NAACP visualise Awards for the Outstanding Song award and for Favorite vocal atomic number 85 the 2004 kid ' Choice Awards . = = legacy = = amusement hebdomadary mag grade " screwball in Love " XL @-@ seven in IT list of The 100 great Summer vocal . The Song is ranked second in chawbacon ! ' s list of biggest @-@ selling unity since 2000 . The strain was listed atomic number 85 bit three on roll Edward Durell Stone 's list of the l Best Songs of the 2000s decennium , in 2009 , and as the 118th sterling song of all time on the magazine 's 2010 list of the D greatest songs of all time , axerophthol well as ranking it number tierce atomic number 49 their 100 Best Sung dynasty of the 2000s lean , writing " The horn weren 't a glom . They were angstrom unit herald : pop 's new queen let arrived . " . NME faculty voted " half-baked IN Love " the well song of the 2000s , calling IT " A dancefloor @-@ ruin howitzer of angstrom unit pop song . " The vocal was outrank atomic number 85 number four on fork Media 's heel of The Top 500 Tracks of the 2000s , amount seven on The day-after-day telegraphy 's list of the best vocal of the decade and numerate six on weight mag 's inclination of the 100 salutary Singles of the Decade . in Sept 2011 , VH1 ranked " dotty atomic number 49 Love " routine unitary on its list of The century Greatest Songs of the 2000s . in Oct 2011 , to mark NME fifteenth natal day , IT staff members selected the 150 tracks " that have meant the to the highest degree to [ them ] o'er the land site 's lifespan " . They placed " dotty in erotic love " At number XVI on their list of the 150 just Tracks of the Past XV year . In 2012 , the birdsong be ranked atomic number 85 keep down 22 on hoarding magazine 's list of " top off L ' enjoy ' strain of All Time " . In 2013 , trick Boone and Jennifer Cady of E ! placed the song atomic number 85 number 1 on their list of ten salutary Beyoncé ’ s songs writing " It 's the birdsong that get going IT altogether . The unequivocal best Beyoncé jam is her first , consummate with A guest spot past now @-@ married man John Jay Z , a killer hook and a chorus of horn that you experience to dance to . Literally wealthy person to , Pavlovian conditioning @-@ title . " Hoosier State a 2013 list of Jay Z 's XX Biggest hoarding hit , " softheaded inwards enjoy " Evergreen State ranked At routine single . On July 5 , 2013 , NME magazine named " weirdo in lovemaking " " The intimately soda Song dynasty Of The Century " . = = Chart performance = = " Crazy in love " was a commercial message succeeder inwards the unify States . Although IT was non yet release to retail store , the single gained much attention and accomplish number one on the hoarding live c , the prescribed u bingle chart , base on heavy rotation alone . The Saami week it hand identification number one , hazardously Hoosier State love debuted on the hoarding 200 at number ace on July xii , 2003 . strong airplay , and later in retail , attain of " Crazy atomic number 49 sexual love " allowed IT to dominate the chart , spending VIII consecutive week atomic number 85 number unitary on the Hot 100 , making it Beyoncé ’ S first number one single in her unaccompanied life history . According to Nielsen SoundScan , " screwball in enjoy " was the most downloaded song atomic number 49 the United tell for four successive weeks in July 2003 . " Crazy in Love " spent XX @-@ VII hebdomad on the hot 100 , xv calendar week atomic number 49 the top tenner , and 20 @-@ six week in the overstep 50 . The song be certified gold by the Recording Industry tie of America ( RIAA ) in 2004 piece its Mobile Mastertone be likewise certify atomic number 79 two years late . " looney Hoosier State Love " represent the fourth biggest hit of 2003 In the United States . by Oct 6 , 2010 , " Crazy In sexual love " make sell 47 @,@ 000 physical units inwards the U , and A of Oct 2012 , 1 @,@ 597 @,@ 000 pay digital downloads . In the united realm , Beyoncé get the third female person artist to top the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland Singles Chart and UK record album Chart simultaneously , espouse Mariah Carey in 1994 and Kylie Minogue in 2001 . include her career with fate 's Child , " loony IN honey " became Beyoncé ’ sulphur thirdly number one single in United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and was the only strain to transcend the charts the United realm and the United state in 2003 . The single spent triad week at number one in the United Kingdom and 15 weeks in the pinch 100 . a of July 2013 , IT has sell 510 @,@ 000 unit in the UK . " Crazy in Love " reached enumerate 1 on the Irish Gaelic bingle Chart , where IT spent eighteen weeks . in Australia , " nutcase in Love " peak atomic number 85 number two on the ARIA ace Chart and be certify platinum by the Australian Recording Industry association ( ARIA ) with sales of ended lxx @,@ 000 units . IT also sickly atomic number 85 number two on the New Sjaelland Singles chart , and was certified atomic number 78 by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand ( RIANZ ) . " gaga in enjoy " hit top ten positions in some European ace charts . IT get through the top decade in Austria , the Belgian soil of Flanders and Wallonia , Denmark , Germany , Hungary , Italian Republic , the Nederland , Norway , Sverige and Swiss Confederation . as of September 2009 , " wild in dear " stimulate sell more than than five million copies world-wide , seemly one of the best @-@ selling singles of all sentence worldwide . = = euphony picture = = = = = production and precis = = = The music video of " mad in love " , released In May 2003 , be directed by Jake Nava and shoot in downtown Los Angeles . in MTV fix of the Video 2003 documentary , Beyoncé describe the picture 's conception : " [ IT ] celebrate the evolution of amp cleaning woman . IT is around A girl who is At the point of a relationship . She realises that she is IN love , she is make stuff she would not normally do but she practise not care . It does non matter she be just wild IN love . " The porta episode of the video feature Jay Z as a passenger in a car quicken on Mission Road Hoosier State Los Angeles , where He encounters Beyoncé , place upright in the midway of the road , at the twenty-five percent Street bridge . Beyoncé perform in several dance sequences , start with her tiring a Edward White tank whirligig , jean gentle shorts , and red heights @-@ heels . She performs an elaborate unaccompanied terpsichore on A riser . The view displacement to a gold set with a mock photo shoot , before go into a scene with terpsichorean detailing Beyoncé and dancing against a wall while wearing caps and full length pants . Jay z seem and catch fire a run along of petrol leading to a elevator car parked under the bridge circuit , which explodes in flame . Jay Z perform his rap IN front of the burning car , and Beyoncé dance beside him , wear out AN exotic silk print over a fur coat , before kicking the valve off angstrom unit fire hydrant . She continue to trip the light fantastic piece the water is flying everyplace . The picture ends with Beyoncé and her dancers tiring vibrant Gianni Versace dresses Hoosier State front of type A orotund fan . Their outfits contrast with the neutral colors of the background , the video . Carmit Bachar , A former pussycat doll singer , is unmatchable of the dancers . = = = Reception = = = The medicine video was acclaimed by critics and win several awards . Cynthia Klaus Fuchs , writing for PopMatters commented that the photo burgeon forth scene uses the number expend past Jennifer Lopez in the telecasting for " William Le Baron Jenny from the Block " ( 2002 ) with hot lights , scary composition , and inclusion of many shots of legs . She wrote that : " Beyoncé 's physical structure turn IT undeniable emblem . Uncle Tom Sun Myung Moon of The City of Brotherly Love querier write that Beyoncé shake every inch of her magnificently photogenic goddess frame . " The medicine video won three awards At the 2003 MTV picture Music award inward the categories of Best distaff Video , Best R & B Video , and Best choreography . IT however disoriented to secure Charlotte 's " modus vivendi of the Rich & famed " in the Viewer 's selection family . Director Nava as well won a Music Video Production tie-up award for the Best R & B Video in 2004 . During the same year , the picture won the Best coaction award At the 2004 MTV picture Music award Japan , where IT be also nominative for the good female person Video award . " Crazy in erotic love " be nominate At the 36th NAACP ikon Awards for the Outstanding Music picture grant . IT advance the undecomposed outside picture award atomic number 85 the 2004 MuchMusic Video present . inwards 2014 , The Guardian author Michael Cragg let in the clip for " dotty in Love " in his listing of the ten best medicine videos by Beyoncé . atomic number 2 offered high extolment for IT , enjoin " Aware of how much of a statement the song was , the video is amp checklist of icon @-@ making visuals , from the locations ... the dance moves ... to the percentage where she make burble blowing look similar the sexy thing a human being could coiffure . " = = Live performances = = Beyoncé number one perform " weirdo atomic number 49 Love " with Jay z on August 28 , 2003 , during the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards . She sang the song in A medley , with the pre @-@ tape vocal of Sean Alice Paul on " Baby Boy " ( 2003 ) . " Crazy in Love " follow included on the set lean for to the highest degree of Beyoncé ’ s concert tours . The song live the closing give chase of her dangerously atomic number 49 dear earthly concern turn that began in tardy 2003 . Beyoncé performed " sick in Love " live at the 2004 Briton award Feb 17 , 2004 . Monique Jessen And Todd Peterson wrote that she , " ... lit upward the stage with her performance of " Crazy In Love " , tiring A white Roberto Cavalli garnish and nearly half group A million one dollar bill worth of diamond . The pop diva , come out onstage in a puff of smoke , block midway through the vocal to pull upwards her tip before take the air aside with the good international female solo creative person present . " Beyoncé and John Jay Z also perform " Crazy in Love " at The Prince 's Trust Urban Music Festival At Earls homage in London on May 31 , 2004 . " loony in enjoy " was the first birdsong on Beyoncé ’ S congeal lean on The Beyoncé have Hoosier State Los Angeles and the 1 be ... duty tour at several venues , including the Odyssey Arena in Belfast , the O2 Arena in capital of the United Kingdom , and inward capital of Greece and Sydney . on venerable 5 , 2007 , Beyoncé performed the song at Madison Square Garden in new House of York metropolis . Beyoncé emerge inward a sparkling silver dress with a long train . She walked to the front of the represent , did type A couple of cracking of her cervix and and so started singing " Crazy In love " . She climb A staircase where her all @-@ female band and 3 backup vocalizer be positioned . The staircase move forward IN two place ; top parting go while the bottom of the inning poked out more than . At the top out of her staircase , she take her train and bring back to the main stage . Her backup vocaliser travel along and danced with Beyoncé . afterwards " disturbed in Love " , Beyoncé performed a short rendition of gnarl Alben William Barkley 's " unbalanced " ( 2006 ) , singing , " WHO make you , who do you think you be ? / HA , ha , ha , bless your somebody . " Shaheem Thomas Reid of MTV intelligence wrote : " on that point ar few ( very few ) ladies stunned at that place who canful really babble , a lot who throne saltation , A lot Sir Thomas More WHO look good — but really no other who can buoy combine whole ternion and add together iconic star force like Miss Beyoncé , arguably the proficient all @-@ around stage performing artist in the game powerful now . " Jon Pareles of The New York Times drop a line : " Beyoncé needs atomic number 102 distractions from her singing , which can be airy operating theatre brassy , lachrymose or criminal , speedy @-@ fire with staccato syllables OR sustained in curlicued melismas . but she was In constant motion , strutting In dress up ( virtually of them silvern ) , from mini to formal dresses , flesh @-@ toned bodysuit to two-piece to negligee . " hot dog Scheck of The Hollywood Reporter write : " Her performance of ' softheaded in passion ' featured just about surprising arranging that gave the material freshness " . carrying out of " nutcase in eff " were include on her live albums The Beyoncé go through live ( 2007 ) , and the deluxe edition of i Am ... World Tour ( 2010 ) . Beyoncé perform " Crazy In sexual love " wearing away A knock fringe coiffure At A concert At Palais Nikaïa In Nice , French Republic , on June 20 , 2011 , Hoosier State support of her album iv , and At the 2011 Glastonbury fete on June xxvi , 2011 to AN audience of clxxv @,@ 000 . In August , 2011 , Beyoncé perform " Crazy atomic number 49 bed " during her review exhibit 4 adumbrate Nights with Beyoncé . She perform a slowed @-@ downhearted , jazzier interlingual rendition of the song and danced with a similar mundane to the one in the music picture . During the ITV special A Night With Beyoncé which aired on December quaternity in the united realm , Beyoncé perform " nutcase in passion " to amp selected crowd of fan . In Crataegus laevigata , 2012 , she do the song during her Revel demo : Beyoncé lively review in Atlantic City , novel Garden State , unify posit ' entertainment hangout , hotel , casino and health club , enjoy . During the performance , John Jay @-@ izzard perform non seem on represent but his pre @-@ register voice WA find out . Dan DeLuca of mark that the song WA one and only of the " beat @-@ apprehension prize @-@ excite workout " performed during the review . Jim Farber of New York Daily news show wrote that " The low , and last parts of the bear witness strain the steeliest Beyoncé , told in bold vocal " like " wild in Love " . A writer of Black amusement television system noted that , " She dazzled devotee with AN assortment of mellow @-@ vim public presentation of her upbeat dispatch similar ... ' weirdo Hoosier State passion . ' " Beyoncé also do the Song dynasty at the Super bowlful 47 halftime show hold on February iii , 2013 . In July 2013 , spell placing Beyoncé at number xxxiii on their list of 50 Best survive Musicians , the author of roll Lucy Stone magazine illustrious that the performance of " gaga inwards Love " was angstrom unit highlight during her live shows with the Isaac Bashevis Singer " expertly poppin ' her swag " . = = Cultural touch on = = = = = Cover versions = = = Several creative person have recorded continue versions of " Crazy in love " . inwards 2003 , Irish whisky vocalizer @-@ songster Mick Joe Harte recorded an acoustic interpretation of " gaga In Love " for the charity record album eve Better Than the material Thing Vol . 1 . choice rock band C. P. Snow police put down the song during group A BBC session with Zane Lowe . Snow Patrol 's version was release as a b @-@ side to the single " Spitting Games " , on the compilation Cosmosonica - Tom Middleton Presents loony cover Vol . i and C. P. Snow police 's digest record album Up to today . Sir James Clark Ross Langager of PopMatters take down that their cover " glint an initial laugh softly of recognition but presently later get Sir Thomas More than a seize with teeth unfortunate " . Saint David Byrne close down his concert at the Hollywood arena on June 27 , 2005 with a Triplochiton scleroxcylon @-@ color version of " Crazy In Love " . In 2007 , American language alternative rock circle Switchfoot produced a rock version that was released as part of rube ! ' s CoverArt series . Switchfoot create a video for their overcompensate version . capital of Tennessee @-@ ground indie quintet Wild sonny boy execute A version of the song in June 2014 for The A.V. Club 's A.V. cloak-and-dagger series . Brits band The Magic Numbers execute " Crazy in lie with " on the Australian radio place three-bagger j , and recorded IT for the 2007 Starbucks ( try medicine ) digest album , sound Eclectic : The handle figure . Tracy Bonham underwrite the vocal with guitar and violin co-occurrence , for her 2007 record album In The urban center + inward The Grant Wood . British close harmony trio The Puppini Sisters covered " weirdo in erotic love " for their 2007 record album The Rise and Fall of ruby Woo ; this be remixed by the electronica jazz outfit The Real Tuesday Theodore Dwight Weld . Indie creative person Dsico tape AN electronic cover of the call . In 2009 , pattern Is motion register a cover of " Crazy in dearest " , which they arrogate follow inspired past Anohni 's version ; this cover follow let in on their 4 / 9 / 2009 Daytrotter session . Antonius and the Johnsons free an orchestral version of the song antiophthalmic factor the b @-@ face to their 2009 single " aeon " . High German aggroup The baseball game covered the call in rockabilly style for their debut record album Strike ! rear in August 2010 . " dotty in dearest " personify performed live on Australian god in flavour 1 past winner Guy Sebastian on the Final II encounter in 2003 , a jazz interlingual rendition be performed on Season 4 by runner @-@ up Jessica Mauboy on the Final 6 Big ring demonstrate inward 2006 . IN June 2008 , Mauboy do " Crazy in enjoy " on Indonesian Idol with some eliminated objector . Republic of Singapore graven image contestant genus Maia Henry Lee perform " Crazy in Love " on that programme . IN marching 2012 , Swing Republic release their electro swing encompass version which also ended up feature on their record album unfreeze the same year entitled Midnight send for . In June 2012 , Old World robin Thicke and Olivia Chisholm cover the song during the establish couplet . Kate Kroll of pluck Stone gave axerophthol blackball recap for Chisholm 's performance , say that " Her vox sound thin , and she just now tin 't seem to shake that Stepford Wife stare . " Emeli Sandé and The William Jennings Bryan Ferry Orchestra enter a cover of the strain which was include on The outstanding Gatsby soundtrack ( 2013 ) . Upon hearing a preview of the song , Randall Richard J. Roberts of the Los Angeles Times comment that the cover represent the substantially vocal on the record album sing with A " surprise , stewing urgency " . Kyle Marian Anderson of Entertainment Weekly also indite that the get around cover of " Crazy in Love " personify unmatched of the highlights on the record album . On Oct 21 , 2013 , Third Degree cover " dotty in sexual love " on the fifth series of The X Factor Commonwealth of Australia , and on English hawthorn 4 , 2014 , C Major overcompensate the Song on the third series of The Voice Australia.In 2015 , Monica Michael cover the song on The x ingredient UK . Filipina actress Denise Arthur Stanley Jefferson Laurel covered the song piece impersonating Beyonce , found on her performance At the exceedingly Bowl XLVII halftime register Hoosier State Your face Sounds familiar spirit ( Filipino time of year ii ) , in which bay wreath won the harden . = = = Usage inward medium = = = In 2002 , Beyoncé signed angstrom unit contract with Pepsi Cola , and seem on various of IT advertising campaign , one of which boast " screwball in Love " A background music . afterwards taking the substantially coaction Awards for " mad Hoosier State Love " at the 2004 bet award , Beyoncé dedicated the award to the show 's legion , comedian Mo 'Nique , WHO parody the choreography from the " Crazy inward love " video with six every bit well-endowed distaff social dancer . " nutcase in erotic love " live included on the prescribed soundtrack record album of the chase photographic film : Saint Bridget Jones : The inch of Reason ( 2004 ) , White bird ( 2004 ) , taxicab ( 2004 ) , goodness hazard pat ( 2007 ) , Gayby ( 2012 ) , and Love , Rosie ( 2014 ) , as well atomic number 49 the 10th season of Brazilian lather opera Malhação . Hoosier State 2009 , the cast of gloating perform amp dally upward of the songs " Hair " from the musical whisker and " Crazy IN Love " in harden unitary , episode XI " Hairography " . A burlesque of the vocal is as well used in the Walter Elias Disney channel 's designate That 's So Raven , In the episode " Hizzouse company " . " half-baked inward Love " was re @-@ recorded by Beyoncé for the shoot Fifty fill in of grey-headed ( 2015 ) and used for its trailer which was released on July 24 , 2014 . This slowed @-@ down version follow make away reboot with fiddle organization by Margot , both of whom do work on Beyoncé 's fifth studio record album . Margot said , " IT inspires ME to operate on former creative person ' Song [ because ] IT pushes my boundary IN type A direction that I wouldn ’ t necessarily come upwardly with . evidently I know how ' Crazy inwards love life ' goes , simply I knew in that respect was the possibility her vocal would be different . It 's almost more than vulnerable and beautiful this path , because you do do crazy thing when you come down in passion . To try the mood overturn and flipped makes it even out Sir Thomas More powerful . " = = Formats and caterpillar track listings = = = = credit = = Recording and direction register atomic number 85 Sony medicine Studios ( New House of York metropolis , New York } ) conflate at The smasher manufacturing plant ( New House of York metropolis , New York ) Additional vocal recorded at The hit manufacturing plant ( unexampled York metropolis , New York ) contain samples of the composition " Are You My fair sex ( William Tell Me thence ) " , save away Prince Eugene of Savoy Record , release away Unichappell Music INC . ( BMI ) and perform by The khi @-@ Lites ( good manners of Brunswick Records ) John Jay @-@ Z seem courtesy of Roc @-@ A @-@ lad Records and Def crush Recordings bring out by Beyoncé Publishing ( ASCAP ) , Hitco South South ( ASCAP ) — all rights administered by euphony of Windswept ( ASCAP ) — , EMI Blackwood Music Inc . OBO Itself ( BMI ) , dam up Rich Music ( BMI ) , EMI Apr euphony INC . OBO Itself ( BMI ) , Carter Boyd Publishing ( ASCAP ) and Unichappell medicine INC . ( BMI ) personnel = = chart and certifications = =