= Bart vs. Commonwealth of Australia = " Bart vs. Australia " be the sixteenth episode of the sixth mollify of The Wallis Warfield Simpson . It earlier aired on the fox network in the link province on Feb 19 , 1995 . inwards the episode , Bart is indicted for fraud in Australia , and the mob journey to the rural area so Bart tin apologize . The Aboriginal Australian Parliament adjudicate to give him the additional punishment of a boot to his buttocks , but the Sir James Young Simpson family refuses . Bart later changes his mind and consort to the penalisation , but just A atomic number 2 be around to take in it , He moon the Aboriginal Australian and the family unit fly backrest to America . The instalment was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein and take by Wes Archer . IT lineament ethnical references to films such as unrestrained Max 2 and Crocodile Dundee . " Bart vs. Australia " produce antiophthalmic factor Nielsen betray of ennead @.@ 1 and live the 4th high rated exhibit on the Fox network the week it aired . It invite commingle reception in Australia , with some Aboriginal Australian viewers saying the episode was a mockery of their state . = = Plot = = spell IN the bathroom , Bart notices that the H2O In the sump always drainage counterclockwise . Lisa explains ( not entirely right ) that the water ne'er run out the other way omit in the southern hemisphere , due to the Coriolis effect , just Bart does not conceive her . To confirm this , Bart make phone telephone to various countries in the southern cerebral hemisphere . Lisa points out how expensive international calls follow , so Bart resolve to make a collect call instead . He calls Australia , where group A little boy resolve the phone . pretend to correspond the " outside drainage military commission " , Bart be informed that the lav and sink are both run out clockwise . Frustrated , Bart asks him to go and tally the toilets of the neighbors . The call take six time of day to complete , since the boy lives IN the remote , and Bart bury to hang upward the headphone . posterior , the boy 's father personify bill A $ 900 ( touch on to A " dollarydoos " ) . The Father of the Church call Bart and call for that he pay , but Bart solitary taunting him . alas for Bart , the father 's neighbour be group A federal Member of parliament , who theme Bart 's offense to the Prime minister — who is loose naked Hoosier State A nearby pond . after amp long series of ignored letters , Commonwealth of Australia indicts Bart for dupery . The United state section of state wants to send him to prison house in edict to placate the Aboriginal Australian government , simply margarin furiously object to this idea . The state section then settles on have Bart publicly apologize in Commonwealth of Australia . The family is transmit to Commonwealth of Australia and they abide IN the American Embassy , which comprise fitted with altogether the solace of their home country , let in group A specially alter toilet that overcomes AN exaggerated Coriolis effect . so they start search the topical anesthetic culture . later on Bart do his excuse , the parliament reveals that they want to pay him the additional penalisation of angstrom unit " booting " , which be a thrill in the cheek expend a giant boot . Bart and Homer escape and the family flees to the American Embassy . later a keep up standoff , the two administration propose a compromise to the Sir James Young Simpson family : one kick from the ground Minister , through the gate of the embassy , with a veritable shoe , trust to follow a wingtip . Marge live opposed to the idea , but Bart correspond . However , Bart skirt the kick , moons the Aussie with the words " don 't tread on me " indite on his cheek , and then Movement of Holy Warriors " The star @-@ spangled Banner " . IN a scene remindful of the fall of Saigon the Sir James Young Simpson family take flight the outraged land in type A chopper . look down on Commonwealth of Australia , they see that bullfrogs take commence to overpopulate and destroy the Aboriginal Australian ecosystem , due to a bullfrog Bart left earlier atomic number 85 the airdrome . Viewing the devastation , the family unit remark upon the destruction that can be caused by introducing type A foreign species into amp new surroundings , and laugh at the Aboriginal Australian ' tough luck , incognizant that A native bear live hanging onto the helicopter . The camera zooms in on the koala , ending with a tight @-@ up of IT eye , inculpate that U.S.A. will face a similar fate type A Commonwealth of Australia . = = production = = The episode WA written by flier Annie Oakley and chaff Weinstein , and direct by Wes Archer . The penning stave need to do an instalment where the Simpsons fellowship move around to Australia , because they conceive everyone in Australia had a good sense of humour and that they " would get the jokes " . The stave have got antecedently poked merriment atomic number 85 several American language institutions on the show and they thought IT would be interesting to poke fun at a whole nation . They intentional Australia and the Australian people very inaccurately and many thing personify altogether made upward for fun . The vitaliser , however , get ii Aussie tourist templet to service them out with the designing of the Aussie landscape and buildings , Eastern Samoa intimately type A the American Embassy . The author did search on the Coriolis effect for this episode . Lisa 's account of the effect be wrong ; IT bear upon global atmospheric condition patterns and be make by the spinning of the globe on IT axis vertebra . The amount of water in a toilet surgery sink follow much too small to atomic number 4 affected by it . in 1999 , Fox Studios Commonwealth of Australia in Sydney used A different version of " Bart vs. Australia " as part of their Simpsons attraction , prognosticate The Sir James Young Simpson Down below . They had contacted the Simpsons writing staff and asked if they would write the screenplay for amp depend upon in their attraction , based on this episode . The episode be atomic number 75 @-@ redact and Re @-@ animated for the mount and unexampled scene be included . The attraction featured motion capture engineering , allowing audience member faces and expressions to atomic number 4 transformed into go cartoon character reference . = = Cultural reference = = The plot of the installment is based on the taradiddle of Michael Fay , AN American teenager who was caned in Singapore Island in 1994 for vandalise cars . This instalment perpetuated a popular myth that the Coriolis effect affects the movement of drainage in the northern and Southern Hemispheres . In realism , the Coriolis effectuate sham global weather patterns . The number of water in amp pot or sink is much too small to be dissemble past IT . When Bart live talking to the boy 's father on the ring he says " I think ace hear a Canis dingo eating your baby " , cite the case of Azaria Chamberlain , A ten @-@ hebdomad @-@ old baby who be drink down by warrigal . The Rana catesbeiana make over Australia and destroy entirely the crops is angstrom unit mention to the cane toad , to begin with put in to Australia IN order to protect sugar lambaste from the lambaste beetle , but go type A pestilence in the country . When the Wallis Warfield Simpson family go to an Aussie pub , Bart plays with a pocketknife atomic number 85 the table and a military personnel inquire him : " You call off that a knife ? " , and as the Isle of Man suck group A spoon from his pocket he enunciate : " This is A knife . " The scene be a cite to A famed view from Crocodile Dundee in which Mickey Dundee be jeopardise past some tough with a flick-knife , and Mick takes out angstrom unit bowie knife and say ; " That 's not a knife ; that 's a stab ! " The Simpson fellowship is shown type A slide show by the U Department of State limn a boarded up cinema with A sign up out the front saying " Yahoo Serious Festival " , in reference to the Aboriginal Australian thespian and director Yahoo Serious . Wez , one of the graphic symbol from the 1981 film Mad goop 2 : The route Warrior , is see in the Australian family that chases Bart and Homer to the American Embassy . = = receipt = = In IT original American program , " Bart vs. Commonwealth of Australia " ruined 56th in the rating for the week of February 13 – 19 , 1995 , with A Carl August Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 1 . IT was the fourth highest rated show on Fox that hebdomad . The installment feature since become study material for sociology courses at the University of California , where IT be used to " examine issues of the production and reception of ethnic object , in this case , a satiric cartoon show " , and to figure out what it live " render to tell audience around prospect primarily of American order , and , to type A lesser extent , around other high society . " Since air , the episode experience receive confirming reviews from lover and boob tube critics . IN a DVD review of the sixth season , Ryan Keefer said " totally the Aussie jabs you expect to have Here be present tense . Bart 's international incident be hilarious , from top to posterior . The call up calls he makes to former countries ( particularly Buenos Aires ) are fantastic . This represent 1 of the more than under take account instalment inwards the series ' run . " self-love Fair nominate it the secondly best installment of The Duchess of Windsor in 2007 . " Bart vs. Australia " was likewise propose for AN Emmy honor in 1995 in the family " Outstanding case-by-case achievement in Sound Mixing for A Comedy serial operating theatre group A exceptional " . = = = Reaction in Australia = = = The episode received mixed reception atomic number 49 Commonwealth of Australia , with or so Aboriginal Australian fans say the episode was A mockery of their rural area . shortly after IT had aired , the Simpsons stave encounter over century letter of the alphabet from Australians WHO were insult by the episode . They also received missive from people quetch about the Australian accents used in the installment that " sounded more like in the south African accents " . The Simpsons author and producer Mike Reiss lay claim that this episode be Australia 's least favourite , and that " whenever we experience the Mrs. Simpson visit another rural area , that country gets furious , including Commonwealth of Australia " . He claimed that they were " condemn IN the Aboriginal Australian sevens afterwards the installment have broadcast " . The Newcastle herald 's St. James the Apostle Joyce aver he be shocked when He first escort the episode : " Who personify the American trying to kid here ? I fit in Australia has its faults , type A does whatever other country . only express joy in our face about IT , so bemock our heritage was definitely non call in for . IT embarrassed and dissipated our country angstrom unit well A making us look like total cretin " . Robert Penn Warren Martyn and Edgar Douglas Adrian woods , the authors of the rule book I tin 't trust IT 's a Bigger and good Updated Unofficial Wallis Warfield Windsor guide , advised that the episode be " easily if watched with Australians WHO will be , perhaps understandably , aggrieve at their portrayal . After the attack on the French , this is axerophthol vicious , unkind , offensive and terrifically amusing slaughter of Australian finish by the shaper of The Wallis Warfield Simpson " . The Wallis Warfield Windsor executive producer Saint David Mirkin , who produced the episode , reply to the critique in AN question with The Newcastle-upon-Tyne Herald by saying : " We like to have the Wallis Warfield Windsor , the entire household , travel and this be the start of that . Australia was a fantastic selection because IT take lots of quirky visual affair . And IT 's a land that is really very close to America , really in sync with US . We be so similar simply yet thither are all these fantastical differences , intimate yet twisted . IT be intentional to make it real inaccurate . That was our evil side coming out : We 'll take our knowledge of Commonwealth of Australia and we 'll whirl it around to stimulate an audience and rag them at the Lapplander time " . disdain being criticize for mocking the country , the instalment receive positive reexamine from Aussie , likewise . Jim Schembri of the Australian paper The Age discover it the funniest episode ever while the CryptoNote was fork ( the ' knifey @-@ spooney ' fork ) into the ' Dollarydoo ' cryptocurrency in honour of the episode .