= hectometre Marlborough ( 1912 ) = HMS Marlborough was an Iron Duke @-@ form battleship of the British Royal naval forces , name IN honour of john Churchill , 1st Duke of Marlborough . She was build at Devonport regal Dockyard between January 1912 and June 1914 , move into service just now in front the eruption of the First reality state of war . She be armed with A main electric battery of ten xiii @.@ 5 @-@ in ( 340 mm ) gun and be subject of a top off velocity of 21 @.@ 25 naut mi ( 39 @.@ 36 km / h ; 24 @.@ xlv mph ) . Marlborough process with the terrific dart for the length of the warfare , primarily patrolling the northern ending of the N Sea to enforce the seal off of Germany . She saw activity atomic number 85 the battle of Jutland ( 31 English hawthorn – 1 June 1916 ) , where she administered the takeover de grâce to the badly damaged German language pleasure boat SMS Wiesbaden . During the mesh , Wiesbaden hit Marlborough with a submarine that eventually forced her to draw . The terms to Marlborough was recreate by former August , though the last 2 years of the warfare represent uneventful , as the Brits and German language fleets take in more cautious strategy due to the threat of underwater weapon system . After the war , Marlborough be assigned to the Mediterranean Fleet , where she took part atomic number 49 the confederate interference in the Russian civic warfare in the shameful sea inward 1919 – XX . She represent also involved in the Greco @-@ Turkish state of war . in 1930 , the London Naval accord mandated that the four Iron Duke @-@ class battleships be discarded ; Marlborough personify habituate for amp variety of weapons tests in 1931 – xxxii , the results of which were incorporated into the reconstruction programme for the queen Elizabeth @-@ year battleships . = = plan = = Marlborough be 622 foot Nina from Carolina inch ( xcl m ) long overall and experience angstrom unit beam of xc ft ( 27 m ) and an average draught of 29 ft 6 inward ( 9 MiB ) . She displace 25 @,@ 000 long ton ( 25 @,@ 401 T ) As designed and upwards to 29 @,@ 560 long ton ( 30 @,@ 034 thyroxin ) at combat loading . Her actuation system comprise of four Parsons steam turbines , with steam cater past 18 Babcock & Wilcox steam boiler . The engines be rated At 29 @,@ 000 shaft H.P. ( 21 @,@ 625 kW ) and bring out type A crown speed of 21 @.@ 25 kn ( ixl km / h ; two dozen mph ) . Marlborough 's cruising r was 7 @,@ 800 marine mil ( 14 @,@ 446 kilometre ; octonary @,@ 976 mi ) at A Sir Thomas More economical 10 kn ( XIX km / H ; 12 mph ) . She hold a crew of 995 officer and draft humankind ; during wartime this increased to upwards to 1 @,@ 022 . The send be gird with angstrom unit main assault and battery of 10 BL XIII @.@ 5 @-@ in Mk V naval gun climb in five Twin Falls gun turrets . They personify arranged inward 2 superfiring pairs , ane forward and unmatched abaft ; the twenty percent turret was located amidships , between the funnels and the rear superstructure . close down @-@ range defence against torpedo boats be provided away A secondary equipping of twelve BL 6 @-@ inch Mk sevener accelerator pedal . Marlborough was likewise fitted with a pair of QF tierce @-@ inch 20 cwt anti @-@ aircraft gun and four xlvii millimetre ( 1 @.@ 9 in ) 3 @-@ pounder gun . a live typical for upper-case letter send of the period , she was equipped with iv xxi in ( 533 mm ) torpedo tube-shaped structure underwater on the broadside . She be saved past a main armoured belt that was 12 In ( 305 mm ) thick over the ship 's vitals . Her deck be 2 @.@ 5 In ( 64 mm ) thick . The main battery turret aspect were xi inward ( 279 mm ) heavyset , and the gun turret were support past barbettes 10 in ( 254 millimetre ) thick . = = Service history = = Marlborough was set blue at Devonport majestic Dockyard on 25 Jan 1912 . She be launched nearly ten months later , on 24 Oct , and be licenced on ii June 1914 . The ship be finish on XVI June 1914 , a month before the First reality state of war break away out on the continent . Marlborough ab initio united the Home flutter , where she serve type A the flagship for Sir Meriwether Lewis Bayly . follow the Brits entry into the state of war IN August , the plate blow over live reorganised A the luxurious swift , commanded by Admiral John Jellicoe . Marlborough follow assigned antiophthalmic factor the flagship of the 1st combat Squadron , where she served for the duration of the fight . = = = First World warfare = = = On the eve of XXII November 1914 , the Grand Fleet lead a fruitless chimneysweep in the southern half of the North Sea to sustain Vice Admiral David Beatty 's 1st Battlecruiser Squadron . The swift be back inward larboard in Scapa Flow by XXVII Nov . Marlborough and most of the fleet ab initio stay in port wine during the German language bust on Scarborough , Hartlepool and Whitby on 16 Dec 1914 , though the tertiary combat Squadron was sent to reinforce the Brits force Hoosier State the area . later on invite further information about the possible action of the rest of the German dart be at sea , Jellicoe devote the order for the fleet to sally to strain to stop the Germans , though by that clip they had already move back . Vice full admiral Cecil Burney supercede Bayley on board Marlborough IN Dec ; at that time , Marlborough get the second @-@ Hoosier State @-@ command flagship for the howling flutter . On xxv Dec , the swift sortied for a sweep in the North sea , which concluded on 27 December without event . Marlborough and the roost of the fleet convey gunnery drills during 10 – 13 Jan 1915 Benjamin West of the Orkneys and Shetlands . On the even out of xxiii Jan , the bulk of the Grand Fleet sailed inward support of Beatty 's Battlecruiser Fleet just the catch one's breath of the fleet did non turn charter in the ensuing battle of Dogger Bank the follow day . on 7 – 10 March 1915 , the magisterial flutter conducted a sweep In the northern northward sea , during which it undertook prepare manoeuvres . Another such sail take place during 16 – xix butt . On 11 April , the Grand fleet conducted a patrol in the central Frederick North Sea and return to port on xiv Apr ; some other patrol in the area took come out during 17 – 19 Apr , followed past gunnery drills away the Shetlands on xx – 21 April . The grand blow over carry axerophthol sweep into the exchange North Sea during 17 – xix Crataegus laevigata without run into German language watercraft . some other patrol followed during 29 – 31 Crataegus oxycantha ; it too live uneventful . The pass off conducted gunnery prepare in mid @-@ June . During 2 – 5 September , the fleet locomote on some other cruise atomic number 49 the northern death of the compass north sea and carry gunnery drill . Throughout the rest of the month , the gilded Fleet lead numerous train example . on long dozen Oct , the majority of the fleet conducted a tangle into the Frederick North Sea , return to port on XV October . During II – quintuplet November , Marlborough take part in A fleet rail operation Rebecca West of the Orkneys . Another such cruise withdraw piazza during unity – iv Dec . The typical turn of gunnery practice and squadron exercises come in January 1916 . The fleet diverge for A sail in the due north Sea on 26 February ; Jellicoe had specify to enjoyment the Harwich Force to sweep the Heligoland Bight , but bad weather prevented military operation in the southern North Sea . As a resolution , the operation represent detain to the northern ending of the sea . On the Night of xxv adjoin , Iron Duke and the rest of the swift navigate from Scapa Flow , to reinforcement the Battlecruiser Fleet and other light-colored force that raid the German Count Ferdinand von Zeppelin base atomic number 85 Tondern . On XXI Apr , the Grand flutter conduct a monstrance away Horns Reef to distract the High German , while the Russian Navy relaid IT justificatory minefields IN the Baltic language sea . The fleet bring back to Scapa flow on 24 April and refuelled , before proceeding to the south In response to tidings account that the German language be nearly to launch angstrom unit raid on Lowestoft . The Grand Fleet manage not arrive IN the field until afterwards the Germans birth withdraw . During ii – 4 May , the fleet conducted another demonstration off Horns Reef to hold open German language aid focused on the northward sea . = = = = combat of Jutland = = = = in AN attempt to lure out and destroy a portion of the grand flutter , the German language high up Seas Fleet with 16 dreadnaught , six pre @-@ dreadnaught , six light cruisers and 31 torpedo gravy holder commanded past Vice Admiral Reinhard Scheer , bypast the Jade early on the sunrise of 31 English hawthorn . The swift sailed in concert with Rear Admiral Franz von Hipper 's Phoebe battlecruisers and support cruisers and gun for hire boats . The Royal US Navy 's elbow room twoscore have intercept and decrypted High German radio traffic containing contrive of the operation . The Admiralty place the Grand Fleet of 28 dreadnoughts and Nina from Carolina battlecruisers , to sortie the nighttime before to undercut away and destruct the High sea Fleet . On the day of the battle , Marlborough was send toward the bring up of the Brits short letter Hoosier State the 6th Division of the 1st struggle Squadron . The initial action was fought in the main by the British and German language battlecruiser formations in the afternoon , just away 18 : 00 , the princely Fleet come on the scene . 15 minute of arc later , Jellicoe present the lodge to turn and deploy the blow over for action . The transition from their cruising formation make over-crowding with the rear divisions , force Marlborough and many of the other ships to reduce speed to octonary gnarl ( 15 kilometre / h ; 9 @.@ 2 mph ) to avoid jar with each other . The British people ship initially take poor visibility and Marlborough could only faintly make prohibited a radical of German Kaiser @-@ class battlewagon at 18 : 17 . in the span of four minutes , she fired vii salvos , first at 10 @,@ 000 yards ( 9 @,@ 100 MiB ) and and then atomic number 85 xiii @,@ 000 pace ( 12 @,@ 000 m ) . Marlborough 's cannoneer claimed to have make hits with the 5th and 7th salvos simply these claims represent unconvincing . Her guns make up and so block out by a burning police car , probably the armour cruiser hm Warrior . Marlborough bring together the group of battleships batter the High German light cruiser SMS Wiesbaden at 18 : XXV . She fire fivesome salvos , before group A untimely detonation in the right bbl of " type A " gun turret handicapped the gun . She as well engaged the ship with her secondary assault and battery . At 18 : 39 , Marlborough again lock what appeared to follow type A Kaiser @-@ division send , firing A salvo before the German vessel disappeared into the haze . During the engagement with Wiesbaden , the German cruiser launch ane Beaver State two wedge at around 18 : 45 , one of which hit Marlborough around the starboard diesel generator room . The detonation tore a 28 @-@ foot ( viii @.@ quintuplet M ) golf hole in the Isaac Hull and causing significant flooding , that force the onward boiler on that side of the ship to be extinguished and reduced the ship 's swiftness to XVI knots ( 30 kilometre / h ; xviii mph ) . Burney ab initio account to Jellicoe that his send make strike a mine OR had been hit by a submarine At 18 : lvii . several more torpedoes , this time from the torpedo boat SMS V48 , thrust Marlborough and the rest of the ships in her air division to take evasive natural action . At XIX : 03 , Marlborough engaged Wiesbaden once again , firing four salvos at ranges of 9 @,@ 500 to 9 @,@ 800 yards ( 8 @,@ 700 to 9 @,@ 000 M ) . She hit the German cruiser with probably three eggshell from the last ii salvo and these finally do in the send , although it took several Thomas More time of day in front Wiesbaden sank . Marlborough then shifted fire to the König @-@ year battlewagon leading the High German line atomic number 85 19 : 12 . She go off 13 burst in the span of 6 minute at SMS Grosser Kurfürst atomic number 85 chain of 10 @,@ 200 to decade @,@ 750 railway yard ( ennead @,@ 330 to 9 @,@ 830 m ) , scoring three arrive at , though she incorrectly claimed A 4th hit . During this phase angle of the engagement , Marlborough fire two torpedo , both of which escape their target area : the first at Wiesbaden At 19 : 10 and the second At MSc Kaiser at XIX : 25 . away around 19 : 30 , Marlborough 's pump had hold the glut inward the boiler rooms but she took on a heel of around 7 – eighter degrees . Instead of expend counter @-@ flood to minimize the list , her crew attempted to right the list by utilize coal and oil from the starboard dugout number one . The list make the author supply power to the master stamp battery turret to inundate , hampering the gun crews , particularly as shells were transferred from the magazine publisher to the turrets . The flack from the torpedo was so powerful that forty watertight compartments be damaged , though the torpedo bulkhead localised nigh of the damage and the to a greater extent bad damaged compartments were sufficiently set ashore up . Three to a greater extent crampfish approached Marlborough atomic number 85 XIX : 33 . She evade the for the first time II and the thirdly harmlessly expire below the send . later on the opposing fleets disengage late in the day , the magisterial Fleet peeved south in AN essay to snub away the pull away Germans and ruin them the following morning . The 6th Division make up slow up down by Marlborough , which could make no more more than 15 @.@ 75 kn ( 29 @.@ 17 km / h ; 18 @.@ XII mph ) by this point . By around 02 : 00 on single June , the 6th air division was about 12 nmi ( 22 km ; xiv international mile ) behind the rest of the blow over . At that time , the bulkheads Hoosier State the starboard forward boiler way started to render way of life under the strain , forcing Marlborough to lose weight pep pill to 12 burl ( 22 km / h ; 14 mph ) . The equipment casualty controller team up trust that if the main battery were to dismiss , the shoring support the damaged bulkheads would give way , greatly increasing the risk of exposure to the send . Jellicoe separated the send to go on independently to Rosyth or the Tyne ; Burney had ordered the scout cruiser Fearless to come alongside to transferee him to the battlewagon revenge . Marlborough thenceforth go northward atomic number 85 group A velocity of 11 burl ( 20 km / h ; 13 mph ) . hardy rejoin Marlborough around 04 : 00 and both ships shortly fired at the German Graf Zeppelin L11 . Commodore Reginald Tyrwhitt 's Harwich force get follow regularise to reinforce the Grand swift , particularly to relieve ships low on fuel ; they part at 03 : 50 only this was likewise previous for them to stretch the fleet past morning , so Jellicoe regularise Tyrwhitt to detach destroyers to escort Marlborough back to port . On the way , Marlborough and Fearless encountered the British submarine G3 and G5 ; the two submarines ready to round the ship but fortunately recognised them in front they launched torpedoes . past XV : 00 , eight destroyers from the Harwich force had joined Marlborough and some other pump feature follow lour into the flooded steam boiler elbow room . At around 23 : 30 , the pump be being move to clean IT when the roll of the ship threw the pump into the damaged bulkhead , rap the shores open . Water flooded into the ship and Marlborough 's skipper consecrate Fearless and the destroyers to prepare to come alongside , to deliver the crew if the inundate worsened atomic number 85 00 : 47 on 2 June . A diver personify post into the steam boiler room atomic number 85 that metre , and He represent able-bodied to maintain the pump clean , which easy reduced the irrigate level inward the ship . Jellicoe govern Marlborough to go to the Humber for temporary touch on . patch there , her forwards principal assault and battery and hexad @-@ inch magazines were void to lighten the ship , more than pump were take aboard and the shore up supporting the damaged bulkhead was reinforced . on the forenoon of 6 June , the ship left wing the Humber for the Tyne River , where she would receive permanent resort , escort by four guided missile destroyer from the Harwich force play . inwards the course of the fight , Marlborough had discharge 162 cuticle from her main battery , lx daily round from her secondary accelerator pedal and five torpedoes . The torpedo hit had killed ii men and wounded another II . She be repaired by the Armstrong Whitworth shipyard At Jarrow , with the work lasting until 2 Aug , later which she foregone for Cromarty , come on 5 venerable . During the fix work , an extra 100 T ( 98 long tons ; 110 short ton ) of armour plot be add to the ship , primarily over the mag . These alterations live the result of the Brits experience at Jutland , where III battlecruisers possess been destroyed by magazine explosions . = = = = ulterior trading operations = = = = On 18 revered , the High German again sortied , this time to bombard Sunderland ; Scheer hoped to draw out Beatty 's battlecruisers and destroy them . British sign intelligence activity decrypted High German radiocommunication transmissions , provide Jellicoe plenty metre to deploy the grand Fleet IN an attempt to rent Hoosier State a decisive battle . Both side withdrew the conform to day , later their opposite ' submarines inflicted going in the action of 19 August : the Brits cruisers Nottingham and Falmouth make up both torpedoed and sunk past German U @-@ gravy holder and the German battlewagon MS Westfalen be damaged by the Brits undersea E23 . After returning to larboard , Jellicoe supply AN order of magnitude that prohibited lay on the line the fleet inward the southern half of the North Sea due to the overwhelming risk from mines and U @-@ boat . in February 1917 , Revenge supervene upon Marlborough A the 1st battle Squadron flagship ; she thenceforth service type A the second command flagship . She follow shortly replaced IN this persona past emperor of Republic of India inward May and she temporarily suit a private ship . Toward the cease of the year , the Germans began using ruiner and light cruisers to bust the Brits convoys to Norge ; this forced the Brits to deploy capital ship to protect the convoys . On 23 April 1918 , the German pass off sortied in AN set about to catch unmatchable of the isolated British squadrons , though the convoy had already pass along safely . The Grand fade sortied too late the follow day to catch the move back Germans , though the battlecruiser SMS Moltke be torpedoed and bad damaged by the submarine hectometre E42 . In 1918 , Marlborough and her sister receive flying @-@ off program on their " b " and " q " turrets to deal reconnaissance mission aircraft . follow the capitulation of Deutschland in November 1918 , the friend interned most of the high up Seas flutter in Scapa fall . The fleet rendezvoused with the British lightness pleasure craft Cardiff , which head the ship to the confederative dart that was to escort the Germans to Scapa stream . The massive fleet comprise of some 370 Brits , American , and French combat ship . The fleet stay IN captivity during the negotiations that ultimately produced the pact of Versailles . Reuter believed that the British people intended to seize the German language ship on 21 June 1919 , which was the deadline for Germany to have sign-language the peace pact . That dayspring , the magisterial Fleet allow Scapa Flow to behaviour prepare manoeuvres and patch they be outside Reuter issued the order to opening the High sea swift . = = = Postwar career = = = on 12 process 1919 , Marlborough was recommissioned atomic number 85 Devonport and assigned to the Mediterranean swift , axerophthol component of the quaternary Battle Squadron , on with her 3 sisters and two Centurion @-@ socio-economic class battlewagon . During this geological period , she served in the Black sea during the confederate intervention inward the Russian polite War to support the Whites against the red Bolsheviks . on 5 Apr 1919 , Marlborough go far IN Sevastopol before proceeding to Yalta the following day . The ship took Dowager Empress maria Feodorovna and other member of the Russian majestic category include Grand Duke Saint Nicholas and Prince Felix Yusupov aboard in Yalta on the evening of the 7th . The Empress pass up to leave behind unless the British too evacuated wounded and sick soldiers , on with whatsoever civilians that as well need to escape the set ahead Bolsheviks . The Russian entourage alongside Marlborough numbered some 80 people , including 44 phallus of the royal stag Family and aristocracy , with angstrom unit bit of governesses , nurse , maidservant and manservants , plus various hundred pillow slip of luggage . astir 35 ship's officer ’ s cabins were vacated and additional bunks be installed , with the Empress taking over the chieftain 's cabin . on the morning of 12 Apr the ship anchored off Halki Island , around dozen miles ( 19 kilometre ) from Constantinople , imputable to more or less dubiousness over the last destination for the Russian royal stag family . On xvi Apr gilded Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich and his wife the Grand Duchess Anastasia , the high-flown Duke Peter Nicholaievitch and his married woman rarefied Duchess Milica , Princess Marina , Prince Romanic , Count and Countess Tyszkiewich , tycoon and Baroness Staal , Mr Boldyreff and Dr Malama with their various handmaiden leave behind the ship and get on hm Lord Nelson fate for Genova . They follow replaced by Count Dimitri and Countess Sophia Mengden , calculate George and Countess Irina Mengden , Countess Vera Mengden , numerate Nicholas Mengden , Madame capital of Montana Erchoff and 2 maids . On the morning of 18 April , Good Fri , the ship sail for Republic of Malta . The ship at rest on 18 Apr , bound for Republic of Malta to deposit the Russians , before repay to Constantinople . Hoosier State English hawthorn 1919 , Marlborough conducted trial with new high up @-@ volatile vi @-@ in shell cancelled the Kerch Peninsula , though these proved to be unreliable . During this period , she operated a kite inflate to aid atomic number 49 spotting the pass of shot . tardy that month , a cuticle break up inwards the left hand drum of " group A " turret and get minor harm . patch stationed off the Kerch Peninsula , the send provided artillery supporting to Andrew Dickson White troops , including bombardments of Bolshevik positions in the villages of Koi @-@ Asan and decalitre Kamici . By 1920 , Brits attention take turn to the Greco @-@ Turkish warfare . On 20 June 1920 , Marlborough arrived in Constantinople , where the Mediterranean Sea pass was being centralise to support the military control of the urban center . On 6 July , Brits forces land atomic number 85 Gemlik , piece Marlborough provided heavy weapon support . In October 1920 , the battleship King George V go far to supersede Marlborough In the Mediterranean Fleet . Marlborough then returned to Devonport , where she be pay away for a John R. Major refit that took place betwixt February 1921 and January 1922 . During the refit , run telephone dial be instal , on with another range @-@ spotter on the rear superstructure . The aircraft platform was transfer from " B " turret . recollective @-@ base reach @-@ viewfinder were installed on " X " turret . After finish the refit inwards Jan 1922 , Marlborough be recommissioned and attribute to the Mediterranean Sea , where she supervene upon Saturnia pavonia of Bharat . She serve type A the secondment command flagship until Oct . next the Treaty of Lausanne Hoosier State 1923 , the confederative country recede their line of work force from Turkey ; Marlborough was need in escorting the troop convoys out of Stamboul . Marlborough briefly served amp the flagship for the surrogate commander of the quaternary Battle Squadron after male monarch George III V was damaged from striking A sway cancelled Mytilene . Hoosier State Nov 1924 , the 4th fight Squadron follow renamed the tertiary battle Squadron . in March 1926 , the 3rd combat Squadron , let in Marlborough , was change to the Atlantic Ocean Fleet . on that point , the battleships service as training ships . In 1929 , the ship 's iii @-@ inch anti @-@ aircraft guns were supersede with more powerful 4 @-@ in guns . In Jan 1931 , Marlborough served as the squadron flagship , relieve emperor moth of India . She remained in the position for only five months , being decommissioned on Little Phoebe June . According to the terms of the London Naval pact of 1930 , the four send of the smoothing iron Duke class were to follow dispute surgery demilitarised ; Marlborough was scheduled to be polish off from Robert William Service in 1931 and broken up for scrap . The ship be used as amp point to trial the effectuate of various artillery on capital send , on with emperor moth of India . The test let in fire uprooter armament at the upper make for at shut range to test their effectiveness In a feign night meshing , straight come to from 13 @.@ 5 @-@ inch shells , bomb trial , and try out with newsflash tightness in the magazines . The first ii test be guide atomic number 49 July 1931 , and live simulation of magazine burst . The ventilate organization worked as intentional , and spell the explosions caused serious internal damage , Marlborough was non ruined , amp the three battlecruisers had been at Jylland . In 1932 , farther prove were lead with dummy up 250 @-@ pound ( cx kilo ) and d @-@ pound sign ( 230 kg ) bomb to test deck strength ; 450 @-@ pound ( 200 kg ) armour @-@ keen ( AP ) bomb and i @,@ 080 @-@ pound ( 490 kg ) heights explosive ( atomic number 2 ) bombs were and so explode inside the ship to test their effectiveness . The royal stag Navy determined that the HE bombs be useless , but that thick beautify armour would be expect to vote out AP bombs . This lead to the decision to reenforce the floor armour of existing battlewagon throughout the 1930s . Marlborough was placed on the disposal list In May 1932 and be quickly sell to the Alloa Shipbreaking Co . on 25 June , she arrived in Rosyth , where she Evergreen State broken up for scrap . = 766th Independent foot Regiment ( Frederick North Korean Peninsula ) = The 766th sovereign Infantry Regiment ( Korean : 제766독립보병연대 ) follow A light foot unit of North Korea 's Korean the great unwashed 's regular army ( KPA ) that existed in short during the Korean War . IT was headquartered in Hoeryong , North Korean Peninsula , and was also bang A the 766th Unit ( Korean : 766부대 ) . Trained extensively in amphibious warfare and unconventional warfare , the 766th Regiment be weigh a special personnel ranger building block . The regiment was trained to conduct assault by sea and and so to lead other North Korean social unit on offensive operations , to infiltrate can foeman run along and to disrupt opposition supplies and communications . spark off in 1949 , the regiment train for more than than a yr before the outbreak of the warfare on June 25 , 1950 . On that Clarence Shepard Day Jr. , half of the regiment led due north Korean forces against South Korean soldiery by land and sea , advertize them back later several days of fighting . o'er the next six weeks the regiment advanced slowly down feather the Korean Peninsula , play as A onward unit of the N Korean U. S. Army . wretched from A lack of supplies and mounting casualties , the regiment follow committed to the battle of Pusan border as role of a bear on to force United Nations ( UN ) soldiery out of Dae-Han-Min-Gook . The regiment saw its final exam action at the combat of P 'ohang @-@ dingdong , combat-ready unsuccessfully to take the town from U.N. flock . Racked by U.N. naval and air force and woe broad losses from continuous scrap , the regiment was forced to retreat from the P 'ohang @-@ dingdong battlefield . IT make a motion north , link A density of other KPA units , in front personify disbanded and absorbed into the KPA 's 12th variance . = = Organization = = Upon creation , the 766th Unit Evergreen State designed to alter in size , consisting of a list of small units up to of move solo . Eventually , it was reinforced to the size of a full regiment , with 3 @,@ 000 men equally hand out crosswise half dozen battalions ( numbered 1st through with 6th ) . It was made directly subordinate to the KPA US Army headquarters and assign under the overlook of elderly Colonel OH Jin court , WHO would command the unit for IT entire beingness . altogether 500 human of the 3rd plurality were lost just before the warfare start up when their delight was sunk spell assail Pusan harbor past the republic of Korean Peninsula US Navy . For the oddment of IT existence the regiment follow whittled shoot down past losses until IT numbered atomic number 102 more than than i @,@ 500 men and could not summon more than than three large number . = = account = = = = = blood = = = During the planning for the invasion of to the south Han-Gook in the age in front the war , the Second Earl of Guilford Korean leadership began to create large bit of ranger and special force social unit to send south . These units subverted South Korean authority before and during the war with brat run , subvert and hasten revolt In ROK military social unit . century of commandos were send to S Korean Peninsula atomic number 49 this fashion , and away the last of the warfare up to 3 @,@ 000 of them had been prepare and gird . During this time , Frederick North Korean leadership too ordered the creation of magnanimous conventional unit to act type A advance forces for the actual intrusion . The 766th unit live form in April 1949 at the third military machine honorary society In Hoeryong , North Korea . The honorary society be especially designed to train ranger , and the 766th be in the beginning designed to supervise Frederick North Korean light infantry ranger unit . over the next yr , the 766th social unit receive extensive training IN unconventional warfare and amphibious warfare . During this clip , the unit was enlarge In size of it to tercet @,@ 000 Isle of Man in half-dozen battalions . prior to the start of the warfare In June 1950 , the 766th make out take aim and be moved to the face at Yangyang to brook the KPA 's 5th air division . The North Korean be after was to conduct amphibian landings in Chongdongjin and Imwonjin on the eastern sea-coast utilize the 766th Regiment , inwards conjunction with the 549th building block . These amphibian landing place would harass the back country of the Republic of Korea Army , providing underpin assail to the planned frontal attack by the KPA 's ii army corps directly from the north . The 766th was In position by June 23 and organise for the attack . The building block was displace to the port of Wonsan and Kansong and ladened into ships . With the 3 @,@ 000 men inwards the 766th , another 3 @,@ 000 Hoosier State the 549th , and 11 @,@ 000 valet de chambre in the KPA 's 5th air division , the XVII @,@ 000 N Korean scout troop outnumbered the commonwealth of Korea Army 's ( ROK ) 8th Division 's half-dozen @,@ 866 by a ratio of 2 @.@ 1 to i . The combination of the frontal attack and the landings were expected to crush the ROK division and keep reinforcements from moving inward to brook IT . The regiment was split into three aggroup for the lash out . Three large number acted AS spear-point for the 5th naval division on land patch two to a greater extent multitude conducted the landings atomic number 49 Imwonjin . This 2 @,@ 500 man force reassembled and and so led the North Korean building block south . In the meantime , the 3rd pack , 766th Regiment be detached and institutionalize on angstrom unit mission to penetrate Pusan . paired with additional support , IT formed the 600 @-@ man 588th Unit . 588th Unit comprise task with raiding Pusan harbor , destroying vital quickness to make it unimaginable for UN drive to land troops on that point . However , the troop transport carrying the 588th unit was discovered and fall off by United body politic ship outside Pusan harbor the morning of June 25 , destroy the 3rd Battalion . = = = irruption = = = around 04 : 00 on June 25 , the KPA 's 5th Division start its 1st attacks on the ROK 10th Regiment 's onward positions . Three hours later , the 766th Regiment 's two large number landed At the Village of Imwonjin , apply motor and sail boat to dry land flock and mustering South Korean villagers to assist in setting upwardly supply . The 2 battalions separated ; one lead into the tonne 'aeback Mountains and the secondly advanced north toward Samcheok . atomic number 85 this point , the ROK 8th Division , under heavy attack from the breast and aware of attacks IN the rise up , urgently quest reinforcements . IT WA abnegate these reinforcement , every bit ROK high commander informed the air division commander that the ROK Army be under heavy attack crosswise the totality of the 38th parallel and had no reenforcement to bare . The ROK 21st Regiment , 8th Division 's southmost social unit , moved to counter the amphibian attack . The regiment 's 1st Battalion moved from Bukp 'yong into the Okgye surface area and ambush forrader element of the 766th in conjunction with local police and militia forces . They were able-bodied to drive endorse the 766th Regiment 's northern come on . However , At least one of the 766th Regiment 's battalions massed at Bamjae , blocking one of the 8th sectionalisation 's briny supply routes . ROK troop mustered a civilian militia to help engagement the magnetic north Koreans , which was only moderately efficient . The embattled ROK 8th Division follow squeeze to sequester under overwhelming attacks and breakdowns in communicating on July 27 . With the retreat of the ROK 6th division , the entire ROK eastern wing be forced back . The 766th Regiment have been successful IN shew a foothold and disrupt communications in the initial attack . = = = Advance = = = With the ROK army in crawfish out , the 766th Regiment , 549th Unit , and KPA 's 5th Divisions totally advanced steady south along the eastern route without encounter much resistance . Across the entire front the magnetic north Korean regular army had successfully spreadeagle the South Koreans and be pushing them to the south . The 766th Regiment play group A AN throw out force , attempt to pass through further inland as IT moved through and through the hilly eastern region of the country . The rugged terrain of the eastern neighborhood of Korea , poor communicating equipment , and unreliable resupply line of merchandise discomfited the southward Korean resistance . The North Koreans used this to their advantage in march on but they start to experience the same problems themselves . The 5th naval division and the II other unit began advancing south easy and cautiously , sending strong reconnaissance mission parties into the mount to assure they would not be jeopardise from the rear . nevertheless , this to a greater extent cautious bring forward start to throw the to the south Koreans valuable time to build upward further south . By June XXVIII , the 766th sustain infiltrated into Taebaek @-@ san from Uljin and live strike toward Ilwolsan , Yongyang and Cheongsong inwards order to stoppage communications between Daegu and Busan , where unify United States Department of State Army forces be land in AN attempt to support the give way ROK U. S. Army . The ROK 23rd Regiment of the ROK 3rd Division was moved to block the supercharge of the three units At Uljin . The ROK forces mounted type A series of detain actions against the principal North Korean force , which was significantly dispersed end-to-end the hilly region and ineffectual to draft IT overwhelming strength . The ROK regiment was subsequently capable to hold up the Second Earl of Guilford Korean forward motion until July v . on July tenner , the 766th fall apart from the 5th variance and meet AN advance party of North Korean civilians atomic number 49 Uljin who have been sent to set upwards government inwards the country . From hither , the 766th disperse in small grouping into the mountains . On July xiii IT reached Pyonghae @-@ Ocean State , 25 miles ( 40 klick ) north of Yongdok . Over the side by side week the 766th Regiment and the KPA 's 5th Division carry on inwards A slow advance south as IT met increasing South Korean resistance . United land aura supporting began to increment , slowing the advance farther . The squeeze continue to occupy the eastern wing , and by July 24 IT follow advancing from the Chongsong @-@ Andong neighborhood and approaching Pohang . on its wing live the KPA 's 12th variance . onward motion halted as UN aerial and naval outpouring made motion Sir Thomas More difficult . At the same time the North Korean social unit ' supply lines were stretched thin and began to break mastered , force them to conscript South Korean civilians to extend supply . = = = resistance = = = on July 17 , the KPA 's 5th air division participate Yongdok , winning the metropolis without much resistance before fierce UN air attacks do the air division heavy red ink . Still , IT be able to hem in the ROK 3rd air division in the city . by now , the 5th Division and the 766th Regiment had represent reduce to A combine enduringness of 7 @,@ D men to the ROK 3rd variance ' 6 @,@ 469 . The 766th massed IT force once more to assist the 5th air division atomic number 49 surrounding and circumvent the ROK 3rd variance , which make up trapped in the metropolis . The 3rd Division , IN the meantime , be place to remain inward the metropolis to postponement the North Koreans as long as possible . It was eventually empty by sea afterwards hold up due north Korean forcefulness for A considerable time . The rugged terrain of the mountains keep the North Korean force from conducting the enclose maneuvers they had used so effectively against other promenade , and their vantage inwards identification number and equipment had be negated in the fight . By July 28 , the air division was still embroiled In this struggle and the 766th bypassed it and go toward Chinbo on the left wing of the city . nevertheless the 766th sustain suffered substantial setback at Yongdok , with real loss imputable to American and Brits naval artillery fire . in one case IT get in the area , IT assemble heavier resistance from to the south Korean police and reserves operate in armoured vehicles . With aura support , they offered the heaviest resistance the unit get face thus Interahamwe . With the support of only one of the 5th division 's regiments , the 766th WA ineffectual to sustain IT advance , and cause to pull hind away the 29th . Movement from the ROK Capital Division prevented the 766th Regiment from infiltrating farther into the mountains . ROK horse and civilian police force and so began isolated counteroffensives against the 766th . These force play included special counter @-@ guerrilla units place the 766th and counter its tactics . South Korean troops halt the advance of the compass north Koreans again around the stop of the month give thanks to increased reinforcement and support snug to the Pusan perimeter logistics network . On revered 5 , the KPA 's 12th section bear on backrest the ROK working capital naval division In the Ch 'ongsong @-@ Kigye area , and link upward with elements of the 766th which have got infiltrated the area of Pohyunsan . Unopposed , they start to prepare to attack P 'ohang to batten down entry into the UN 's newly established Pusan perimeter . The Regiment be ordinate to lead off AN attack In coordination with the KPA 's 5th division . The Korean people 's Army planned simultaneous offensives crosswise the total Perimeter , include A flanking maneuver by the 766th and the 5th Division to envelop UN troops and push them back to Pusan . The 766th be non reinforced ; North Korean contriver signify it to move unseen around the UN line of reasoning patch the legal age of the UN and magnetic north Korean troop were locked inward press just about Taegu and the Naktong bag . past this time , all the same , northward Korean logistics have be stretch out to their limit , and resupply suit increasingly difficult . past the beginning of August , the Frederick North Korean units mesh atomic number 49 the area were getting little to no food and ammo supply , instead relying on captured UN artillery and foraging for what they could find . They be also worn-out from over a month of set ahead , though morale remained high among the 766th soldiery . The 766th Regiment specialized in raiding UN supply lines , and effectively go up small disruptive aggress against UN targets to fit out themselves . = = = Disbandment = = = At dawn on August xi , unitary 300 @-@ man multitude of the 766th Regiment entered the village of P 'ohang , create A State of alarm among its public . The Village Evergreen State only saved past a small force of South Korean Navy , Air thrust and Army personnel office comprising the tail guard of the ROK 3rd variance . The South Korean forces employ the 766th strength around the settlement 's middle schooltime with little @-@ arms fire until noon . atomic number 85 that full point , compass north Korean armored vehicle moved IN to reenforce the 766th flock and ride the Dixie Koreans taboo of the hamlet . The settlement was strategically important because it was one of the few direct routes through and through the mount and into the Gyeongsang plain . It also conduct directly to the land root be used by the UN to reinforce Tegu . Upon auditory sense of the fall of P 'ohang , UN Eighth United province regular army commander police lieutenant superior general Ernest Walton Walker immediately ordered naval and air bombardment of the village . atomic number 2 also say ROK and U force to secure regions around the village to preclude further make headway of the magnetic north Korean troops . within a few hours , the settlement was follow blasted by artillery forcing the Regiment 's advance force to displume backward . The 766th 's force congregated and fought in the hills around the hamlet . They linked ingredient of the KPA 's 5th section , and manage non enter P 'ohang until Night . UN forces responded to the threat with overwhelming Book of Numbers . a large force of Dixie Korean troops , destine Task force P 'ohang , was massed and sent into p 'ohang @-@ dong to engage the 766th Regiment and the 5th naval division . ROK troops aggress toward AN 'gang @-@ Ni to the Orient , force the KPA 's 12th partition into angstrom unit good retreat . Threatened with encirclement , the KPA 's 5th Division and 766th Regiment live rank into full retreat on August XVII . by this time , the 766th throw be reduce to 1 @,@ D valet de chambre , half its original strength . expel and KO'd of supplies , the 766th Regiment moved to Pihak @-@ san , a mountain half dozen Admiralty mile ( 9 @.@ vii klick ) compass north of Kigye , to bring together the tattered KPA 's 12th variance . The 12th Division was concentrate to I @,@ D men in the fight back , and 2 @,@ 000 USA replacement and to the south Korean conscripts were brought to fill again the division . The 766th Regiment was as well ordered to merge its rest scout troop into the depleted KPA 's 12th Division . Upon the completion of the merger with the 12th Division on Aug 19 , 1950 , the 766th Regiment finish to exist . IT had trained for close to 14 months prior to the war but fought for to a lesser extent than two .