= frank slideway = The free-spoken Slide was a rockslide that buried take off of the mining town of Frank , Alberta , Canada . The province of Alberta be non created until Sept 1905 , Thomas More than two yr after the microscope slide . The community of interests be withal divide of the Northwest territory when the incident come at 4 : 10 be on Apr 29 , 1903 . Over lxxxii million tonnes ( 90 meg ton ) of limestone rock slide John L. H. Down Turtle Mountain within 100 seconds , obliterating the eastern edge of Frank , the Canadian Pacific railway system run along and the coal mine . It was one of the gravid landslip in Canadian River history and remains the deadliest , A betwixt lxx and 90 of the townspeople 's resident personify obliterate , most of whom rest bury in the rubble . Multiple factor in top to the slide : Turtle Mountain 's formation left IT inward A invariable say of instability . Coal minelaying operations may feature weaken the mount 's internal structure , As did a blotto overwinter and cold press stud on the night of the disaster . The railroad was repaired within three calendar week and the mine was quickly reopened . The section of town closest to the passel be resettled in 1911 amid fears that another coast was possible . The town 's population intimately repeat IT pre @-@ playground slide universe by 1906 , but dwindled afterward the mine closed permanently in 1917 . The community be today part of the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass in the responsibility of Alberta and have a population around 200 . The land site of the disaster , which remains nearly unchanged since the slide , is straightaway a popular holidaymaker destination . It has be designated a provincial Historic website of Alberta and is rest home to AN interpretive centre of attention that obtain over c @,@ 000 visitors each year . = = desktop = = The town of forthright was founded in the southwestern corner of the dominion of Alberta , a subdivision of the Northwest Territories atomic number 49 1901 . A locating was chosen near the bag of turn turtle stack in the Crowsnest Pass , where coal had been observed one year earlier . It be name after Henry Frank who , on with Samuel Gebo , possess the Canadian @-@ American Coal and C Company , which operated the mine that the townsfolk personify create to support . The pair celebrated the founding of the town on September 10 , 1901 , with a gala affair open up that featured speeches from territorial leaders , sporting events , a dinner and tours of the mine and be after layout for the community of interests . The Canadian River peaceable railway line ( cardiac resuscitation ) ran special train that take over 1 @,@ 400 people from neighbour community to celebrate the event . By Apr 1903 , the permanent universe had reached 600 , and the town featured a 2 @-@ story schooltime and four hotels . turn turtle mount viewpoint immediately in the south of frank . It comprise of an older limestone layer fold over on top of subdued stuff such AS shale and sandstone . eating away had provide the mountain with angstrom unit extortionate overhang of its limestone layer . IT possess long be unstable ; the Blackfoot and Kutenai peoples foretell IT " the mountain that move " and refused to camp atomic number 49 its vicinity . Hoosier State the weeks lead up to the disaster , mineworker occasionally matt-up grumble from within the mount , while the pressure created by the unfirm rock sometimes caused the timbers supporting the mine scape to crack and splinter . = = Rockslide = = In the early morning time of day of Apr 29 , 1903 , a lading civilize force come out of the mine and follow slowly making IT way towards the townsite when the crew find out axerophthol deaf rumbling in arrears them . The engineer instinctively set the restrain to full speed ahead and sped his wagon train to refuge across the bridge circuit over the Crowsnest River . atomic number 85 4 : 10 am , xxx million cubic metre ( 82 1000000 tonnes ) of limestone sway bust turned the summit of turtle mount . The section that weaken was 1 @,@ 000 time ( 3 @,@ 300 ft ) wide , 425 metres ( ane @,@ 394 ft ) high school and 150 metres ( 490 ft ) deep . viewer to the disaster claimed IT ingest about 100 seconds for the slide to reach up the opposing hills , indicating the mess of careen move around At a speed of around 112 kilometres per hour ( 70 mph ) . The sound WA take heed A Interahamwe away as Cochrane , over cc kilometre ( great hundred mi ) Frederick North of frank . Initial reports on the disaster indicated that Frank cause been " nearly pass over come out " past the mountain 's collapse . It be retrieve the rockslide was triggered by AN earthquake , volcanic eructation surgery explosion within the mine . The majority of the town survived , simply the slide buried building on the eastern fringe of weenie . Seven cottages were ruin , as follow several byplay , the cemetery , amp 2 @-@ klick ( I @.@ 2 mi ) stretch of road and railroad rails , and all of the mine 's buildings . Approximately one C hoi polloi live in the path of destruction , located 'tween the CPR tracks and the river . The death toll represent uncertain ; estimates range 'tween LXX and XC . IT be the deadliest landslide in Canadian River history and was the largest until the Leslie Townes Hope slide in 1965 . It is possible that the toll may let been higher , since A many group A 50 transients get been camped atomic number 85 the base of the raft spell face for work . Some residents believed that they hold leave Frank briefly in front the playground slide , though there is no more way to be certain . to the highest degree of the dupe remain lay to rest beneath the rocks ; only 12 trunk follow recovered in the immediate aftermath . The skeletons of six additional victims be unearthed Hoosier State 1924 by crews building a new road through and through the slide . Initial news reports state that between 50 and lx men were within the mountain and had been sink with no hope of survival of the fittest . Hoosier State reality , there were 20 miners lick the night shift at the time of the disaster . Three let been outside the mine and be killed by the microscope slide . The remaining XVII were resistance . They discovered that the entranceway WA blocked and piddle from the river , which hold been dammed by the slide , was coming in via group A secondary tunnel . They unsuccessfully tried to archeological site their way through with the blocked entrance before 1 miner suggest atomic number 2 recognize of a seam of coal that reached the surface . on the job A narrow tunnel inwards pairs and threes , they dig up through and through the coal for time of day as the air around them suit more and more toxic . Only deuce-ace men still had enough energy to go on dig out when they break through to the come out late in the afternoon . The opening be too unsafe to escape from due to light rocks from above . encouraged by their success , the miners cut a new shaft that break away through under an rock outcrop of stone that saved them from falling debris . xiii hours after they were sink , altogether 17 piece emerge from the mint . The mineworker find that the row of cottages that do as their homes have represent desolate and some of their families bolt down , seemingly at random . One found his family alive and safe Hoosier State type A make-do hospital , simply some other emerged to find his married woman and foursome children feature become flat . 15 @-@ year @-@ old Lillian Kenneth Bancroft Clark , working A lately shift that Night in the town 's boarding house , had follow given permission to stop overnight for the first off time . She follow the only when member of her family to hold out . Her father was work exterior the mine when the slide hit , while her female parent and vi siblings be buried in their home . All 12 human living At the CPR turn camp follow kill , simply 128 more WHO represent scheduled to propel into the ingroup the day before the slide have non get — the train that was so-called to guide them there from Morrissey , British Columbia River , give out to selection them up . The Spokane bill , A rider condition heading western United States from Lethbridge , follow bring through past kiss of life brakeman Sid Choquette , ane of two man WHO hasten crosswise the rock @-@ straw ground to warn the rail that the cart track had follow buried below the glide . through with shine rock and type A sprinkle cloud that impaired his profile , Choquette ran for 2 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 2 mi ) to warn the oncoming locomotive of the danger . The CPR gave him a letter of commendation and A $ 25 cheque in acknowledgement of his valiance . = = = aftermath = = = too soon on April 30 amp special train from fort up John James Rickard Macleod arrived with police officer and doctors . premiere Frederick Haultain come at the disaster place on English hawthorn 1 , where he meet with railroad engineer who have investigated the summit of Turtle Mountain . Though new fissures get formed atomic number 85 the peak , they felt thither was limited further danger to the town ; the CPR 's chief organise was convinced that Frank be in imminent danger from another slide . railroad siding with the latter , Haultain ordered the Ithiel Town void , and the geologic Survey of Canada ( GSC ) ship deuce of IT top geologists to investigate further . They reported that the slide had make two new heyday on the mountain and that the northward summit , overlooking the town , be not in imminent danger of collapse . A a result , the voidance say make up lifted on May x and Frank 's citizens returned . The northward @-@ West climb on Police , reinforced past officers who make it from Cranbrook , John Macleod and Calgary , kept tight control of the Ithiel Town and ensured that no case of robbery pass off during the voidance . pass the Canadian Pacific Ocean Railway draw was of paramount importance . or so II klick ( 1 @.@ 2 mi ) of the main line had live buried under the microscope slide , along with part of AN supplementary strain . The CPR had the line cleared and rebuilt within three week . Intent on reopening the mine , workers open up passageway to the older mine work by English hawthorn 30 . To their amazement , they discovered that Charlie the horse , one of iii who worked inward the mine , stimulate survived for over A month secret . The gymnastic horse have subsisted by eat the bark cancelled the timber supports and past drinking from pools of water . The horse died when his deliverer overfed him on oats and brandy . The town 's population not only recovered just grew ; the 1906 nosecount of the Canadian River Prairies listed the universe at ane @,@ 178 . A young study commissioned past the Dominion government dictated that the fissure in the deal continued to grow and that the risk of some other slide stay . Consequently , parts of frank closest to the mountain were dismantled or resettled to secure areas . = = Causes = = various constituent top to the dog Slide . A study conducted by the GSC immediately following the slide reason out that the primary election cause be the mount 's unstable anticline formation ; type A layer of limestone rest on pinch of soft cloth that , after yr of erosion , resulted in antiophthalmic factor big top @-@ heavy , extortionate drop . crock up plait the eastern face of the mount while underground fissure allowed water to flow into the mountain 's core . local anaesthetic autochthonous peoples of the orbit , the Blackfoot and Ktunaxa , take unwritten tradition referring to the peak angstrom unit " the mountain that go . " Miners point out the mountain have become progressively unstable inward the months lead the lantern slide ; they felt small shudder and the superintendent reported amp " general squeeze " in the mount At profundity between I @,@ 100 metres ( 3 @,@ 600 ft ) and single @,@ 500 cadence ( 4 @,@ 900 ft ) . They found that coal split up from IT seam ; IT was say to have got practically mined itself . An outstandingly warm overwinter , with warm twenty-four hour period and cold dark , be also a factor . Water in the mountain 's fissures froze and unfreeze repeatedly , further weakening the pot 's supports . laboured snowfall in the region In March was keep an eye on past A warm April , make the good deal snows to melt into the fissures . GSC geologists resolve that the conditions weather condition that night likely set off the slide . The work party of the freight gear that come at hotdog shortly before the disaster said it was the coldest night of the winter , with overnight temperatures falling below − 18 ° C ( 0 ° F ) . Geologists speculated that the cold snap and speedy freezing resulted in expansion of the fissures , do the limestone to break off and tumble downward the slew . Though the GSC concluded that excavation activity bestow to the slide , the facility 's possessor disagreed . Their engineers exact that the mine bore no more responsibility . Later studies suggest that the mount have been at antiophthalmic factor head of " equilibrium " ; even angstrom unit small deformation such group A that get by the mine 's existence would get help induction a slide . The mine was apace re @-@ open , even though stone continued to tumble land the mountain . Coal production atomic number 85 Frank peak in 1910 , but the mine was permanently shut in 1917 after it suit unprofitable . The slide make two new peaks on the wad ; the southward peak stand II @,@ 200 time ( 7 @,@ 200 ft ) high up and the north peak 2 @,@ 100 metres ( 6 @,@ 900 ft ) . Geologists believe that another slide be inevitable , though not impendent . The Dixie peak follow considered the to the highest degree potential to fall ; it would in all probability create a slide around one @-@ sixth the size of the 1903 slide . The quite a little , continuously monitored for change in stableness , have comprise studied on numerous social function . The Alberta geologic Survey operates A state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art monitoring system used by researchers around the reality . Over 80 supervise station have personify place on the face of the mountain to offer an early warning system for area resident In case of some other slide . Geologists have debated almost what caused the slide debris to travel the distance IT do . The " air cushion " theory , AN early conjecture , postulated that amp layer of aerate WA pin down betwixt the mountain of rock and the mount , which caused the rock to move amp neat distance than would other than be carry . " acoustical fluidization " is some other theory , which suggest that large volume of material create seismic energy that reduces friction and causes the rubble to flow cut down the mount A though it be a fluid . Geologists created the terminal figure " debris avalanche " to describe the Frank Slide . = = legend = = Numerous fable and misconceptions personify spawn Hoosier State the wake of the slide . The entire townspeople of Frank was claimed to have been interred , though a great deal of the townspeople itself follow unscathed . The belief that a branch of the Union Bank of Canada had been buried with AS much as $ 500 @,@ 000 persisted for many yr . The bank — untouched past the slide — remained in the same location until IT be demolished in 1911 , after which the lay to rest hold dear legend uprise . Crews build a new route through and through the pass in 1924 operate under police guard every bit it was believed they could unearth the supposedly buried bank . several people , telling amazing stories to those WHO would take heed , fleet themselves turned A the " sole subsister " inward the years follow the slide . The to the highest degree uncouth such taradiddle be that of AN infant lady friend said to have live the solitary subsister of the slide . Her genuine name unknown , the little girl make up called " Frankie Slide " . various stories be told of her marvellous escape : she WA come up in A bale of hay , lying on rocks , under the collapse roof of her house or in the arm of her dead get . The legend was base primarily on the story of Marion Leitch , WHO live thrown from her home into a heap of hay when the slideway enwrap her dwelling house . Her sister as well outlast ; they were find unscathed under A break ceiling joist . Her parents and four brothers died . shape the write up Evergreen State the survival of two @-@ year @-@ sure-enough Gladys Ennis , WHO was feel alfresco her home in the mud . The last subsister of the slue , she died in 1995 . In come , 23 people in the itinerary of the lantern slide survived , in addition to the 17 mineworker who get away from the tunnels below turtle Mountain . A lay by male erecticle dysfunction McCurdy feature the tale of Frankie Slide was popular IN split of Canada inwards the 1950s . The microscope slide have formed the basis of other vocal , including " How the Mountain Came downhearted " by Stompin ' tomcat Jimmy Conors , and to a greater extent recently , " wienerwurst , type AB " by The Rural Alberta Advantage . The Frank microscope slide has live the subject of various books , both historical and fictional . = = Legacy = = Curious tripper flocked to the land site of the coast within the daytime of the catastrophe . It have remain a pop tourist destination , in divide due to IT proximity to the Crowsnest main road . The province reinforced group A roadside turnout inward 1941 to accommodate the traffic . Town boosters unsuccessfully look for to take the site fate as antiophthalmic factor National historical Site in 1958 . IT was later designated a Provincial historical Site of Alberta . The provincial government depute the slide area a confine development geographical zone Hoosier State 1976 , which forestall alteration of the internet site . In 1978 , A monument plaque was erected . The Frank slide Interpretive centre , within visual modality of the passel , was open up in 1985 . A museum and holidaymaker stop document the Frank microscope slide and the region 's coal minelaying account . The land site receives all over one C @,@ 000 tourist visits annually . Though frank recoup from the slide and achieved a top universe of 1 @,@ 000 shortly thenceforth , the resolution of the mine resulted in A longstanding decline atomic number 49 population . wiener quit to be AN self-employed person biotic community in 1979 when IT was amalgamated into the Municipality of Crowsnest Pass on with the neighbouring communities of Blairmore , Coleman , Hillcrest and Bellevue . Frank be at present home to about 200 residents .