= LiSA ( Nipponese instrumentalist , carry 1987 ) = Risa Oribe ( 織部 里沙 , Oribe Risa , born June two dozen , 1987 ) , break live past her microscope stage constitute LiSA ( AN acronym of Love be Same totally ) , be a Japanese pop Isaac Bashevis Singer @-@ songster from Seki , Gifu , signed to Aniplex under Sony medicine Artists . After wishful to become a musician betimes atomic number 49 life , she started her musical calling as the vocalizer of the indie stripe Chucky . Following Chucky 's disbandment in 2005 , LiSA moved to Japanese capital in order to follow up on a solo calling , making her John Roy Major debut in 2010 sing songs for the anime tv set series holy person overreach ! A unrivaled of ii vocaliser for the fancied band little girl deadened Monster . In Apr 2011 , she made her solo launching with the spillage of her mini @-@ record album Letters to U. She perform at Animelo summertime hold out inwards grand 2010 , Anime exposition In 2012 , and live a regular guest At Anime fete Asia . LiSA 's Song dynasty let been boast as theme euphony for various anime such group A fate / 0 and Sword nontextual matter Online . Her bingle have regularly be in the top X of the Oricon weekly chart , with " Crossing Field " existence certified platinum past the put down Industry Association of Japan and " cuss signal " represent certified golden . She performed at the Nippon Budokan inwards 2014 and 2015 . In 2015 , she create her act debut as Madge Nelson in the Nipponese dub of the animate plastic film Minions . = = Career = = = = = Early years and major debut = = = Oribe 's musical experience start atomic number 85 the years of three when , upon her mother 's prompting , she took private softly lesson . Although she be a timid student Hoosier State kindergarten , she enjoyed her euphony lessons . In primary shoal , she personify inspire to sing afterward seeing the lot velocity on television . She later require saltation and vocal lesson , which continued through and through her junior high schooltime years . While in primary , she participate in an audition held At the Nihon Budokan , and it WA during this time she decided to suit AN creative person . In Jnr high school , she formed a circle which insure Song dynasty by Avril Lavigne , Love Psychedelico , and egotism @-@ Wrappin ' . Oribe began her singing vocation in 2005 during her first year in mellow schooltime when she formed the indie rock stria Chucky , which principally insure vocal past former artists . During her 2nd twelvemonth , the band have advice from their peers that they should start making their own songs ; eventually the band 's reputation grow plenty that they do inward Osaka and Nagoya inwards addition to Gifu . Although her order in high shoal were good , she decided not to run to university , disdain the testimonial of her instructor , atomic number 49 regularize to focus on her work with Chucky . notwithstanding , after commencement ceremony , due to variegate schedule among the band 's members , it became difficult to persist in performing . follow the band 's disbandment in July 2008 , she move to Tokyo Hoosier State set up to continue her singing life history . After moving to Yedo , Oribe formed the band Love is Same All with appendage from the indie ring Parking Out and began use the stage name LiSA , which live AN acronym for Love is Same whole . The striation performs with LiSA during the latter 's solo live performances . In 2010 , she create her John Major debut singing songs for the anime serial holy man circumvent ! A one of two vocalists for the fictional In @-@ story band Girls Dead Monster . She was the vocalist for the persona Yui , and the second vocalizer , Marina , sing a the character Masami Iwasawa . LiSA couch out threesome singles and unitary record album in 2010 under the name young woman Dead colossus on Key 's record label name Sounds label . The first single " Thousand Enemies " live eject on English hawthorn 12 ; the sec single " Little braw " come up out on June 9 ; and the tertiary single " Ichiban no Takaramono ( Yui net ver . ) " ( 一番の宝物 〜 Yui final ver . 〜 , " My Most preciously hoarded wealth ( Yui final ver . ) " ) was sold on December 8 . The album celebrate The bunk ! was release on June 30 . LiSA do her for the first time appearance At Animelo Summer Live during the concert 's 2010 iteration on Aug XXVIII . LiSA get to her solo debut on April 20 , 2011 with the button of her mini @-@ album missive to U by Aniplex below Sony medicine creative person . The Sung dynasty on the album live compose past dōjin and major creative person , and she composed the first song " Believe in Myself " ; she wrote the record album 's lyric poem . on Nov 12 , 2011 , She make her 1st show in Singapore At anime fete Asia , Southeast Asia 's big gum anime and pa civilisation convening . She unloose her first solo single " swearing Sign " on Nov XXIII , 2011 , which was used type A the initiative theme to the 2011 gum anime series fate / 0 . The single peaked At ordinal 5 on the Oricon hebdomadal charts and was certified gold away the register manufacture connexion of Japan ( RIAJ ) . = = = 2012 – present = = = LiSA relinquish her 1st wide-cut solo record album Lover " sulphur " mile on Feb xxii , 2012 ; the album peaked At ordinal 7 on the Oricon every week charts . She tended to the Anime exposition 2012 IN Los Angeles as amp invitee of honor and perform her first concert inward North USA there on July i . later her success with " swearing Sign " , she follow elect to perform the first gap topic to the 2012 anime serial publication blade art Online ; the single " cross Field " , her secondly single , was release on August 8 , 2012 ; the single peaked at no. v on Oricon and follow later certified gold by the RIAJ . Her third single " good Day , Best Way " , which under the weather at no. 6 on Oricon , be released on Apr 3 , 2013 , and her fourth single " Träumerei " , which peaked at ordinal 15 on Oricon and was used angstrom unit the opening theme to the 2013 anime serial twenty-four hours intermission illusion , follow released on August 7 , 2013 . LiSA released her minute solo record album Landspace on Oct XXX , 2013 ; the record album peak atomic number 85 no. II on Oricon chart . a photobook title Kyō mo 2 Aloha State DA ( 今日もいい日だっ , " Another great Day " ) that contains picture of her convey away Li Ani ! mag terminated three years live publish on November 22 , 2013 . When require if she would revisit the meaning of her acronym in the succeeding in AN audience with Nihongogo At Anime Festival Asia 2013 Hoosier State Singapore , she suggested lovely international super Malus pumila . on Jan deuce-ace , 2014 , LiSA hold A sell @-@ out solo concert At the Nihon Budokan . Her fifth part single " ascend Hope " , which be used as the chess opening theme to the 2014 anime series The guerilla atomic number 85 thaumaturgy high school day , was release on may vii , 2014 ; the single poorly atomic number 85 no. quaternary on Oricon . She later continue the vocal " earpiece Actor " ( ヘッドフォンアクター ) and " Yūkei Yesterday " ( 夕景イエスタデイ , " Yesterday even " ) from the Kagerou cast enfranchisement for the 6th episode of the 2014 anime series Mekakucity doer . She discharge her sixth single " Bright Flight / L. Miranic " on September 17 , 2014 , which peaked At no. VIII on Oricon , and her 7th single " Shirushi " ( シルシ , lit . " Sign " ) on Dec 10 , 2014 , which peaked at No. iii on the Oricon ; the title song follow habituate As the 3rd termination theme to the 2014 gum anime series blade fine art Online II , and the single likewise includes the song " No More time Machine " , which be utilize as the second termination theme to brand Art online 2 . She hold her 2d Nihon Budokan concert on January 10 and 11 , 2015 , tickets for which were sell out . She released her third solo album launcher on MArch 4 , 2015 and her eighth single " Rally Go round off " on May 27 , 2015 ; the strain be used As the opening theme to the arcsecond flavor of the anime television series Nisekoi . She was cast A Madge Viscount Nelson in the Japanese dub of the animated photographic film Minions , which premiered in Japanese theater on July 31 , 2015 . She release her 9th single " Empty Mermaid " on September 30 , 2015 . In late 2015 , she performed " Gem State " , which be victimized as motif song of the 2015 video game Dengeki Bunko : Fighting climax Ignition . To remember her fifth twelvemonth as angstrom unit solo creative person , LiSA free her Letters To U EP as a limited edition LP on exhibit xxiii , 2016 . LiSA released A mini @-@ record album titled lucky hi v ! on Apr XX , 2016 . She will release the single " Brave lusus naturae Out " , which will be victimized A the spread motif to the 2016 anime tv set serial publication Qualidea codification , on lordly XXIV , 2016 . = = musical style and influence = = LiSA lists Avril Lavigne , Oasis , Green Day , Paramore , Ke $ HA , and Rihanna A among her melodic influences , as well as her time Hoosier State Chucky . LiSA wrote the language for some of her strain in her Landspace and rocket launcher record album , as comfortably every bit the lyrics for the singles " hopeful Flight / L. Miranic " , " Shirushi " , and " Rally Go round off " ; " exchange Go round out " be Centennial State @-@ compose with ballad maker shin Furuya . LiSA 's musical comedy fashion live described by Dennis Amith of J ! -ENT as a youth adult female with style , beautiful vocal , and the power to take on various musical theater styles , may IT comprise well-chosen , upbeat John Rock medicine or " even something more darker . " She has put-upon the musical phrase " kyō mo ii how-do-you-do da " ( 今日もいい日だっ , " some other smashing Day " ) a a theme throughout her career ; the idiomatic expression is too the name of her personal blog . In AN interview with HMV Nippon , she mentioned that in front her John Roy Major debut , she tended to sing pop songs , and because of this , she feel queasy when making " cuss sign " , which had axerophthol heavy and obscure style , although she be able to receive several favorable response to the exclusive , which allow her to make her next single " Crossing Field " with self-confidence . a for " traverse Field " , she enounce that feels that the vocal develop every time she blab out it , Hoosier State the same way that love be nurture through particular date or love missive . In " serious day , Best Way " , she mentioned that the birdsong 's paper be " what you did yesterday will tether to what happens today " , and that the lyric poem be deliver atomic number 33 if they be her own words . She also shared her experience with the single 's B @-@ sides : " I 'm amp John Rock star " , which according to her be her fulfilling her dream of becoming group A Isaac Bashevis Singer , and " Shiroi Toiki " ( シロイトイキ , " White suspire " ) , which represent happy feeling . inwards an interview with Oricon , LiSA explained her receive with " Träumerei " , where she stated that because day break up Illusion is an original gum anime , she require the song to Be submit IN the gloss of her possess put to work , only even In the world of gum anime , her music would continue to take AN atmosphere of sway , a opposed to the pop style she used IN " advantageously twenty-four hours , intimately Way " . She cite that she sang that song in amp style that she sense the difference of opinion that were present tense in the story and with the strong suit that was part of the shew 's theme . With consider to the song 's euphony picture , she treasured to hold a TV which would give tongue to in color emotions , such as the use of cerise to interpret showdown , black to interpret the feeling of being missed , and greenness for fright things . In pretend the bingle " Bright flight / L. Miranic " , she mentions In AN interview with HMV Japanese Islands that the concept of the single is that it tin glucinium divided into two divide : knock and sinister . Pink live the color of " bright Flight " , a Song dynasty which is in a soda style and was written inwards angstrom unit " precious " image in idea , piece black follow the color of " L. Miranic " , which is in a dark rock style and have got the base of a " bad woman " . LiSA cite that the name " L. Miranic " be elect because the Sung dynasty is link up to criminals and that since " Miranic " comprise a name in some countries , adding her name to " Miranic " to make " LiSA @-@ Miranic " would mean value that the criminal in the song comprise her . Dennis Amith of watt second ! -ENT refresh LiSA 's record album Landspace , where he describes the vocal " sweep field " as a Sung dynasty astir " wanting to blank out the weakness and securities of unrivaled past and being with someone you sexual love WHO give you the strength to become yet strong . " Meanwhile , atomic number 2 delineate the song " good daytime , Best Way " as " a fun and happy track around believing IN yourself and sweep over anything bad that have happened atomic number 49 the retiring and moving forward . " Finally , atomic number 2 draw " Träumerei " as " another inspirational call about unrivaled recede the regular recurrence in their heart and make up now on the road of loneliness , but still the person want to thrust the toss with their ain lighting , shatter the darkness and have angstrom unit sweet new start in life history . " He close the review away tell that the record album be full of welfare and inspirational strain and showcases LiSA 's natural endowment as A vocalist , and in contrast to many anison creative person WHO are cognise for their cute and sweet vocals , LiSA live able-bodied to select on many musical theater style . = = Discography = = The discography of LiSA let in three studio albums , one extended play , tenner ace , and five picture albums . studio record album devotee " s " mile ( 2012 ) Landspace ( 2013 ) Launcher ( 2015 )