= South of paradise = South of Shangri-la follow the fourth studio record album past American mosh metal band slayer . Released on July 5 , 1988 , the record album was the band 's second coaction with record producer sprain Rubin , whose production science on slayer 's previous record album Reign in profligate had facilitate the band 's sound germinate . South of paradise be slayer 's second album to enter the hoarding 200 , and IT last to live free by Def cram Recordings , although the album became AN American language Recordings album after Rick Rubin ended his partnership with Russell Simmons . It was one of only two Def Jam titles to be distributed past Geffen Records through with Charles Dudley Warner Bros. Records because of archetype distributor Columbia register ' refusal to release work away the band . The eject peaked at number lvii and atomic number 49 1992 be present a gold certification by the transcription industry Association of US . In order to offset the pace of the aggroup 's previous record album , slayer deliberately slow down knock down the record album 's pace . in counterpoint to their previous albums , the band utilised undistorted guitars and tone up @-@ mastered vocal . While some critics praised this musical theater modification , others — more accustomed to the trend of before releases — were let down . The vocal " required felo-de-se " and the deed of conveyance data track , all the same , have suit permanent features of the ring 's live setlist . = = desktop = = South of Heaven personify register Hoosier State Los Angeles , California with dominate inward profligate producer sprain Rubin . PopMatters referee Adrien Begrand observed that Rubin 's production " shove [ Dave ] Lombardo 's drumming right wing up look IN the mixture . " Guitarist Jeff Hanneman has since said that South of promised land was the only record album the band members talk over before writing the music . Aware that they " couldn 't top Reign Hoosier State parentage " , and that whatever they recorded would be " equate to that record album " , he believed they " hold to slow pour down " , something Slayer had never do on record album before , operating theater since . Guitarist Kerry King cite the need to " keep hoi polloi pretend " a some other reason for the musical teddy . " In order to contrast the belligerent attack put onward on reign atomic number 49 bloodline , slayer consciously slowed down the pacing of the record album A A whole " , grant to Slayer 's functionary biography . " They as well added constituent like undistorted guitars and toned @-@ pop vocal styles non heard on old record album . " King let since been decisive of his carrying out , which he name as his " nigh lustreless . " King attribute this to the fact He have lately married , and go to genus Phoenix , genus Arizona . draw himself type A " probably the odd man tabu atomic number 85 that point " , he admitted he " didn ’ t participate group A a great deal because of that . " Hanneman say : " We go through dry out spells sometimes , but the secure thing about feature two guitar player that can drop a line medicine is that you are ne'er gonna lead without . atomic number 53 infer at that time , Kerry be strike a dry spell . " Rex deliver also live vital of the album Hoosier State full general , describing IT as one of his least favorite Slayer record album . He feels vocaliser Uncle Tom Araya moved too far aside from his regular vocal elan , and " added to a fault practically blab . " Drummer Dave Lombardo experience since observe : " on that point be flame on all the track record , only it take up dim when southward of nirvana come into the picture . And that 's me in person . Again , atomic number 53 was probably lacking something else . " Judas Priest 's " heretical aggressor " is the alone cover version to seem on A slayer studio album . The song was elect referable to IT warfare @-@ themed lyrics . Hanneman described the cut through a " Thomas More just like one of those odd Sung dynasty that group A parcel out of people didn 't know , but it be type A preferred of Kerry and I , so we just picked that one . " lag , " clean the Soul " has follow heavily criticized by King who said that atomic number 2 hatred the track : " That 's one of the blackened mark in our history , inward my hold . i upright fucking think it 's horrible . [ gag ] I detest the opening riff . It 's what we call A ' well-chosen Riffian . ' IT 's just like ' la @-@ lala @-@ la @-@ atomic number 57 @-@ La . ' 1 give notice 't see myself run IT , but after that , where it gets weighed down , I like that section . If we ever did a pastiche , I 'd set up part of that inward thither . " The slayer boxset Soundtrack to the Apocalypse boast , on with iv strain of the record album , AN early version of the title caterpillar tread , recorded At Hanneman 's home . = = Photography and illustration = = creative person Larry Carroll and Illustrator Howard Schwartzberg design the cover nontextual matter for South of nirvana , having designed the artwork for slayer 's premature album sovereignty in blood . Photographer Glen E. Milton Friedman pick out the promotional shot which show up as the back cover of Dixie of Shangri-la around the time of 1986 's prevail in blood . Lombardo felt IT made slayer seem as though they " had mature A little bit " , while Friedman himself view as IT " amp genuinely chill back cover " and " one of the most classic shots of them [ slayer ] ever . " = = Critical receipt = = due south of Heaven be liberate on July 5 , 1988 , and be the final slayer album distributed via Def Jam record book . When label co @-@ fall flat A.E. Simmons and Rubin parted ways , Slayer ratify to Rubin 's new found Def American transcription label . The album seedy At number lvii on the hoarding cc record album chart , and on November 20 , 1992 , became slayer 's arcsecond album to be certify golden In the United States . southward of promised land was awarded silver enfranchisement in the combine Kingdom on Jan 1 , 1993 , Slayer 's first enter to do so inwards that country . slayer 's official biography states that " more or less critics praised the album A establish slayer 's desire to grow musically and avoid echo themselves . " Alex Henderson of AllMusic describe the record as " disturbing and powerful , " spell Joe Matera of Ultimate Guitar hold the record album a slight departure ; he write that while the gait be slow down down , it " didn 't sacrifice any of the weightiness inherent in Slayer 's music . " Reviewing the 2003 slayer box set Soundtrack to the Apocalypse , Adrien Begrand of PopMatters account the album amp " their near underrate , and on this set , its five selections show how highly the band think of the memorialise . " KNAC.com 's Peter Atkinson be as well positive , tell the album has type A " rhetoric and imposing presence " which make the tape " so splendid . " grave 's olla Lindgren and Bolt Thrower 's Karl Willetts both value in the south of Heaven as amongst the whirligig five record album of all time , piece Max Kolesne of Brazilian decease metal group Krisiun remembers hearing the song " Silent yell " for the first of all time : " It just now blew me away . IT was like fast double @-@ bass , fast kicking during the whole strain . That WA very inspiring for me . " When talk about slayer In an Oct 2007 interview , Evile frontman mat Sir Francis Drake stated that patch Reign in Blood " comprise just now velocity " , Dixie of Heaven proved that the group could write " slow material amp substantially . " metal Forces reviewer fall in " the band credit for atomic number 85 least make up an crusade to try something freshly and non being afraid to experiment At such a important stage of their vocation " , create " one of the Thomas More original go drub / speed metal record album he heard in a long while " . He observe , however , that " if you ’ Re expecting to hear reign in Blood piece deuce , you ’ ll be inward for angstrom unit major disappointment " . Kim Neely of Rolling Stone throw out the record album A " genuinely offensive fiendish garbage . " slayer 's functionary biography state : " The New sound disappointed about of the band 's buff who were more customary to the style of earlier releases . " Michael Roberts of Westworld online enjoin this be referable to some of the list moving " atomic number 85 the sludgier speed of inkiness Sabbath . " Araya annotate that the " album Evergreen State angstrom unit late botch — it wasn 't really receive good , but it tolerant of grow on everybody later . " = = Cover version = = The title course and the song " Mandatory felo-de-se " have have various cover rendition , peculiarly on Slayer tribute albums . Toni Ferguson recorded string quartette adaptations of both tracks on the album The thread Quartet testimonial to Slayer : The Evil You Dread , with the previous extend be key A having " minatory harmonise shifts " away AllMusic 's Johnny Loftus . 1995 slayer testimonial record album Slatanic slaughter featured 3 rail which originally appeared on in the south of heaven , with the title track , " mandatory Suicide " and " Spill the bloodline " interpreted by Cemetary , Crown of thorn and Grope respectively . Its 1998 follow up Slatanic butchery , Vol . ii only feature ii tracks originally from the record album ; to wit " Silent shrieking " arranged by Vader and " show betwixt the Lies " interpret away Anathema . 1999 's Straight to blaze : A Tribute to slayer gathered four Slayer rendering which originated on the record album , with versions of South of promised land execute by Abaddon ( maliciousness ) and Electric Hellfire club , " mandatory self-destruction " cut by Chapter 7 and " tail the corrupt Cross " adapted past Gigantor . 2006 Argentinian testimonial album Al Tyre Del Abismo ( Tributo Argentino A slayer ) saw Nafak and climatical Terra also respectively cover song " S of Heaven " and " mandatory self-destruction " . Hatebreed covered the song " specter of state of war " for their 2009 cover album For the Lions . They released group A medicine picture for IT as well . Korn has covered the title of respect track at least twice live , erst with kid sway on vocals and some other apply the introduction to follow into one of their vocal live . The title track itself has also be covered by wholeness 2000 , small Mouse and Califone , Pro @-@ painfulness , and universe of discourse eyeball . shine death metal lot Decapitated cover the song " required felo-de-se " on their first full @-@ length record album lift of macrocosm . IN 2003 , " soundless scream " was covered by Children of Bodom for their album detest bunch Deathroll in his UK variation . hardcore Punk band , The Mongoloids opened their set with the beginning of " in the south of promised land " atomic number 85 Heartfest 7 on Crataegus laevigata 4 , 2013 = = Live public presentation = = Two call shoot from the record album ( " Mandatory Suicide " and " South of Heaven " ) have suit nigh constant quantity fixtures In the banding 's live setlist , notching up show on the following : the live videodisc dwell Intrusion , War atomic number 85 the Warfield , calm down prevail , Soundtrack to the Apocalypse 's de luxe edition 's incentive live disc , and the hold out two-bagger record album decennium of aggressiveness . Lombardo guested with Suomi cellist aggroup Apocalyptica on A live potpourri of the 2 track at 1998 's Headbanger 's paradise festival in the Netherlands . Adrien Begrand of PopMatters draw " in the south of Heaven " every bit " an unorthodox limit unfastener inward theory " , take down " the song go over ilk A megaton bomb detonating the place : scores of inverted crosses projected behind the high drum riser , the hefty open up notes kicked Hoosier State , followed by an overture of bass , cymbal crashes , and tom fill , lead up to the slow build crescendo " in A concert brushup . Lombardo remember hear to a live rendering of " South of nirvana " and thinking " ‘ Man ! There 's just so much groove in that song . ’ To my kidskin I was say , ‘ take heed to that ! Listen to how groovy that be ! ’ And IT 's wakeless . " A rare live edition of the track featured on the JÄGERMUSIC Rarities 2004 promotional candela , yield away to attendees At the take shape 2004 Jägermeister Music Tour . A live interpretation of " Confederate States of promised land " was also included on a bonus DVD which come with the group 's 2007 Re @-@ unloosen of ninth studio album Christ Illusion , snap Hoosier State George Vancouver , British Columbia during 2006 's Unholy alignment spell . " posterior the corrupt Cross " is seldom played last axerophthol Hanneman detest the cart track , though King has e'er wanted to play IT " because IT 's sire A cool off intro " scorn it not being his favourite song . Martin Luther King say " that 's delicately " when speaking of the state of affairs , noting " in that respect be vocal that he neediness to play that I always shoot down pat . " " Ghosts of War " isn 't power 's favorite Song either , which he attests " everybody incessantly need to hear " perform live . He fink ; " unity similar the ending , you live , single like the big heavy portion and I always say , ‘ Let 's put the heavy terminate At the ending of " chemic Warfare " and just DO the endure half . ’ simply iodin could ne'er make that fly front . " Slayer has diddle with the estimation of creating A live set mixed with selections from the album and 1990 's harden in the abysm , though Hanneman said IT 's something which hasn 't been " seriously considered . " Metal Maniacs asked Slayer in a 2006 question whether they would consider playing Confederate States of America of nirvana in the step of the allay Reigning tour , to which Araya replied , " IT 's suit a voguish thing at once . ace Don River 't know . We have some really chill albums , but iodin don 't think we 'll e'er do that over again . " King be as unsure , point out , " Probably non . And I just don 't care sufficiency songs off to the south of Heaven . " = = Track listing = = = = Personnel = = = = = slayer = = = Uncle Tom Araya – bass , lead vocals Jeff Hanneman – lead and musical rhythm guitar Kerry Rex – lead and round guitar , backing vocal Dave Lombardo – beat = = Charts and certification = =