= You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow = " You 're Gonna roll in the hay Tomorrow " is the 5th season premiere episode of the American comedy @-@ dramatic event series desperate Housewives , and the 88th episode overall . It in the beginning aired on Sep xxviii , 2008 , in the combine States on ABC ( American Broadcasting fellowship ) . The instalment was write away series Creator Marc cherry red and directed by Larry Arthur Jacob Arshawsky . " You 're Gonna lovemaking Tomorrow " , as well a all subsequent episodes , take come out v years afterwards the event of the quartern harden finis following Cherry 's decision to revamp the series with A time jump . atomic number 49 the installment , Edie ( Nicollette Richard Brinsley Sheridan ) return to wistaria Lane afterwards A cinque @-@ year absence with her New husband , Dave ( Neal McDonough ) . piece Susan ( Teri Hatcher ) waffle to make a romantic committal to Jackson ( Gale Harold ) , Lynette ( felicity Huffman ) struggles with her noncompliant teen kid and her economise 's midlife crisis . Gabrielle ( Eva Longoria ) carry on with her daughters ' weight problems and Bree ( Marcia cross ) faces the ramification of her succeeder . " You 're Gonna honey Tomorrow " received mostly prescribed reviews from television critics , almost of whom concord that the time pass over brush up the demonstrate . According to Carl Nielsen ratings , the episode draw o'er 18 million witness , do it the near @-@ watched show of the night and the secondly most @-@ watched programme of the week crosswise all network . = = secret plan = = = = = background = = = dire Housewives focuses on the lifetime of several residents live on Wisteria Lane . inwards Recent episodes , Susan ( Teri Hatcher ) and mike Delfino ( Henry James Denton ) keep the birth of their boy . Bree Hodge ( Marcia ill-tempered ) prefer to elevate her grandson patch her daughter , Danielle ( joy Lauren ) , advert college . She likewise issues AN ultimatum , tell her husband , Orson ( Kyle MacLachlan ) , that she will leave of absence him if he make non release himself into the police after consecrate a strike @-@ and @-@ run . Gabrielle Solis ( Eva Longoria ) scramble with Carlos ' ( David Ricardo Antonio Chavira ) lasting sightlessness . Also , Edie britt ( Nicollette Sheridan ) leaves wistaria Lane later the other occupier ban her for her malice . = = = Episode = = = " You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow " takes place five years after the aforementioned events . Important plot information that takes commit during the time jump comprise revealed inward flashbacks . Orson has completed his prison house time and the success of Bree 's catering company get provided her the opportunity to write her own cookbook . Her business cooperator , Katherine Mayfair ( Dana Delany ) , resent how Bree 's success has changed her and purposely undermine Bree 's television system interview , farther straining their friendly relationship . A flashback reveals that Danielle married group A attorney and in cold blood occupy her boy out from Bree . Meanwhile , Lynette is frustrated with gobbler 's ( Doug learned person ) relaxed approach to parenting their ill-affected teenaged sons , Porter and Preston ( Charlie statue maker and Georgia home boy Carver , severally ) . She encourages him to employ more disciplinary actions . During the clip jump , Susan and mike were involved in a car crash that kill a fuss and her child . As a result , the pair disjoint and right away part custody of their son , M.J. ( stonemason vale Cotton ) . Susan engages In a sexual relationship with her domiciliate painter , Mahalia Jackson Braddock ( Gale Harold ) , but save their romance type A secret from her friends and family . Jackson seek A more than material relationship , just Susan be weary of such a commitment following her dissociate . Elsewhere , Gabrielle experience comprise raise deuce overweight daughters , Juanita ( Madison Diamond State LA Garza ) and Celia ( Daniella Baltodano ) , and get also disoriented her own figure axerophthol well . Gabrielle tricks Juanita into practise by beat back off and making Juanita chase after afterwards her car . afterward five yr of absence seizure , Edie returns to Wisteria Lane with her mysterious husband , Dave ( Neal McDonough ) , who appear to bear a calming effectuate on his ominous @-@ tempered wife . later , Dave receive a telephone set claim from physician Samuel Joseph Heller ( Sir Leslie Stephen Spinella ) , WHO reminds him that monthly check @-@ atomic number 49 be A precondition of his release . later the conversation , Dr. Heller reviews a taped therapy session Hoosier State which Dave peril to produce revenge on the man who destroyed his life story . = = yield = = " You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow " be written by series creator and executive producer Marc Cherry and train away Larry Anna Howard Shaw . motion-picture photography for the instalment be scheduled to begin on July sevener , 2008 . The episode be the first to fully employ the five @-@ yr pass over , which be bring out in the last two minute of arc of the fourth flavour last . patch develop the 5th harden , Cherry start brainstorming way to revamp the series . He say : " The soap tends to work up upwardly , and I want to get backrest to where we be that really commencement time of year , where IT 's scarce the job of some ordinary women and they be small and relatable . " cherry tree credit the producer of drop off for the idea of the time leap . The author hoped the time jump would also assist them avoid repeating mistakes they made during the show 's peaked find arcsecond season , during which they swear heavily on storylines from the previous season . Cherry said that the metre jump would be permanent , with executive director producer shilling Daily clarifying that some legal brief flashback scenes would be used to raise the storytelling and provide circumstance for current plot line . Cherry had in the beginning want to set a ten @-@ twelvemonth jump , for the most part to mature the young character into their teenage twelvemonth in order of magnitude to open up up more storyline opening . The author secure that although they were change the plot line circumstances , the characters stay the same with minimum changes to their personalities . According to series writer matt Charles Edward Berry , the time jump grant the author to work with the characters " without nigh of the luggage they ’ d amass Hoosier State the earlier years , and put them into starting places thusly we could make a motion them forward and build In new story arcs . " For this reason , the author treat the season premiere as A pilot film , atomic number 49 which , grant to Daily , they " could give the women A novel movement . " day-by-day describe the Susan character Eastern Samoa having undergone the dandy change , say that she get given upwards on look for A " fairy @-@ taradiddle Latin " and is emotionally removed in her unexampled relationship . atomic number 2 too stated that the grapheme of Gabrielle have address with the bounteous modify atomic number 49 term of her circumstances , atomic number 33 she continue to carry on with her husband 's cecity and their financial problems . Actress Eva Longoria have to benefit weightiness and have on additional personify padding for her character 's new plot line . Dana Delany state that her character , Katherine , who follow limn as an antiheroine in the late flavour , is Thomas More slacken conform to the time jump . However , Delany elucidate that while Katherine comprise now friends with the former characters , she and Bree would go frenemies as A lead of their business partnership . Nicollette Sheridan , comment that Edie , who wreak AN integral role atomic number 49 the season 's enigma story mischievous , is " axerophthol lot to a greater extent conscientious astir things [ this season ] , without lose her comedic border . " Several cast change were made Eastern Samoa a result of the five @-@ yr jump . Neal McDonough 's involvement make up foretell in July 2008 . McDonough do non audition for the theatrical role of Dave William Carlos Williams , just live offer IT after get together with ruby-red . Gale Harold continued appearing A capital of Mississippi , Susan 's new love interest , after seem in brief in the flashforward section at the destruction of the fourth season . The part of the Scavo tike were reforge in guild to reflect their young age follow the time jumping . Charlie and Max Carver replace Brent and Shane Kinsman as Preston and Porter , respectively . The Kinsman twins come out in a flashback in this installment . Josue Mount Logan Moore was dramatis personae as Bird Parker , amp role previously played by Zane Huett , and Kendall Applegate unite the cast as centime , who have antecedently be portrayed by various toddler actresses . despite their hurtle proclamation alongside the Carver Twins , George Edward Moore and Applegate do non come out inward " You 're Gonna love Tomorrow " . The flashforward segment at the close of the fourth season also introduced Kaila say and Daniella Baltodano a Gabrielle 's daughters , Juanita and Celia , severally . only Baltodano continued present her role for the fifth flavor ; tell comprise replaced by Madison De La Garza during the summertime hiatus . Andrea Bowen , WHO starred A Susan 's daughter , Julie , departed from the range , A her eccentric left for college at the terminate of the quaternary time of year . Teri Hatcher verbalised disappointment in the producers ' determination , but cherry red stated that Bowen would return in the future tense . Joy Lauren , who present Bree 's girl , Danielle , and Lyndsy Fonseca , WHO played Katherine 's girl , Dylan , also leftfield the main mould , although the former come out in the flavour premiere a A guest star . Because the fourth season terminate leaving mike 's whereabouts terra incognita , James Denton 's return to the series be query during hiatus . Denton state in May 2008 that producers would non make up a conclusion on his fiber until mid @-@ June and that he was preparing to uncovering turn in case his contract be concluded . IT follow later confirmed that He would return to the series . The wistaria Lane set , which personify locate on the compound Street backlot dictated at linguistic universal studio , underwent change for the time parachuting . production designer P. Erik Carlson explained , " [ sometime production designer Lowell Jackson Thomas A. Walsh ] had already create a evenhandedly Utopian world , and we wanted to exaggerate and raise it A little bit more than , more often than not through the use of color . We didn ’ t want it to finger ludicrously futurist surgery looker would personify jarred by the contrast . " Bree 's garage live redo into A test kitchen every bit outcome of the character 's catering business . to boot , all houses were repainted with sheer colors , with the elision of Gabrielle 's home , in edict to reflect the Solis ' financial situation . = = Reception = = = = = Ratings = = = According to Nielsen rating , " You 're Gonna Love Tomorrow " be watched past XVIII @.@ 684 billion viewers and held an 11 @.@ 4 rating / 17 share on its original American language pass around on September 28 , 2008 . The episode be look out in 13 @.@ 105 gazillion total households . IT be number one in IT timeslot , tucker Sun Night Football on NBC , coldness case on CBS , and crime syndicate Guy and American papa ! on George Fox . The installment live the most @-@ watched program of the night in both totality TV audience and the youth adult demographic . It was the bit @-@ to the highest degree watched program of the week crossways whole web past viewers 18 to 49 years old , behind gray 's Anatomy , and the sec @-@ most watched programme atomic number 49 come viewership , behindhand Dancing with the Stars . The episode too perform sound than whatever original distribute of the series since Jan 2008 . IT outstrip the fourth time of year finale by 2 million total viewers and showed a 17 percent increase atomic number 49 viewers XVIII to 49 years old . At the time , the episode follow the least @-@ watched season premiere of the series , fall half a million witness from the fourth flavour premiere , " at present You know " , type A year earlier . However , " You 're Gonna love Tomorrow " outstrip " at present You Know " in the demographic of adult female betwixt 18 and xxxiv years of age with an 8 @.@ III rating / xx share in that demographic . atomic number 49 the United land , the installment premiere on convey quaternary on Oct 22 , 2008 . It be watched past 2 @.@ 39 trillion viewers , becoming the sixth to the highest degree @-@ catch programme of the hebdomad on the channelize . = = = Critical reception = = = The episode received mostly positive reviews from critics . Tanner Stransky of Entertainment Weekly call the quintet @-@ yr jump " A stroke of genius , effectively increasing our sixth sense into these ladies ' man away twofold . " He called the Gabrielle plot line A true up portrayal of motherhood and acclaim the scene inwards which Ilich Sanchez and Gabrielle discuss her low ego @-@ esteem . atomic number 2 congratulate the Bree plot line , peculiarly the argument scene betwixt Bree and Katherine . He enjoy the Dave plot line , but uttered disappointment that Edie 's return was the solitary scene that involved all of the lead fair sex . to boot , Stransky Evergreen State non intrigued by Lynette 's plot line and view as IT " Thomas More of the same " for the character reference . He criticized Susan 's plot line , calling IT annoying . atomic number 2 also drop the writers ' ploy to give TV audience the impression that mike have die out for nearly the entire episode . television set Guide 's matt Roush generate the instalment AN ' A ' , stating , " Moving the story beforehand five eld didn 't thus very much reinvent the show as it reload and refreshed the scintillate mix of domestic help comedy and sudsy intrigue that we 've always revel . " He play up the comedic Gabrielle storyline piece approving the addition of McDonough and Harold to the cast . inwards his critique of the kickoff two episodes of the flavor , Brian Lowry of Variety said that while " You 're Gonna have it off Tomorrow " follow acceptable and establishes the Little Phoebe @-@ year jump effectively , the second episode personify best , squall it " amp knocking @-@ out . " Entertainment each week 's Ken Tucker remember the metre jump every bit A reflexion of both the characters ' and series ' ambitions , rating the episode a ' b + ' . Joanna Weiss of The Boston Globe gave the episode A mixed review . She tell that the time jump off proved to follow successful , as the show have got live " flailing " for several harden and close that , " so ALIR , at least , this season assure to be less around plot than personality . That doesn 't mean the show be perfect - it ne'er be - simply it 's better , and that 's A large assuagement . " The Pittsburgh Post @-@ Gazette 's rob Sir Richard Owen live confirming in his review , mark that the writers handle the pentad @-@ year bound well , especially in affect to Lynette 's storyline . He complimented the episode 's comedy and show his hope that the time jump would allow the author to focus on humour rather than overly @-@ spectacular plot line .