= fear of Flying ( The Simpsons ) = " dread of Flying " be the 11th episode of The Simpsons ' sixth time of year . IT was first broadcast on the Fox meshwork in the United United States Department of State on December 18 , 1994 . atomic number 49 the episode , Winslow Homer is censor from Moe 's Tavern and struggles to find A novel relegate . When atomic number 2 destroy a sheet after be mistaken for A pilot atomic number 85 a pilots @-@ only BAR , the air hose steal the Simpsons ' silence with free tickets . The family find that oleo is afraid of fly . The installment be directed by mark Kirkland , and written by Saint David Sacks . IT feature legion guest star , including Anne Bancroft AS Dr. Zweig . Additionally , Ted Danson , woodsy Harrelson , Rhea Perlman , John Ratzenberger , and George Wendt seem A their characters from Cheers . IT have positive degree response from telecasting critics , and acquire A Carl August Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ vi . The author of I Can 't Believe IT 's A Bigger and better Updated Unofficial Wallis Warfield Windsor Guide remark positively on the installment , angstrom unit did reviews from DVD Verdict and DVD motion-picture show Guide . = = Plot = = After deplume a harmless prank on Moe , home run be banned from His tap house , ironically after Moe express mirth off life @-@ threatening ones that Lenny , Carl and Barney pull out on him . take care for some other put to drink ( let in the hearten bar ) , Winslow Homer eventually settle for AN airline pilots ' BAR , simply follow mistaken for A cowcatcher ( despite confessing that He 's non really A pilot ) and is put In the cockpit of AN airplane , which atomic number 2 promptly wrecks afterward raise the stationary woodworking plane 's land geartrain . In convert for his shut up of the mistake they 've made , the airline business gives the Simpson crime syndicate free ticket to anyplace they want atomic number 49 the continental United States . However , the idea of plane jaunt fill marge with anxiousness A she birth a fear of flying , and after numerous miscarry attempt to get out of the trip up , she eventually hold a panic attack on the plane , following which the trip be postponed . oleomargarine do non want to public lecture to anybody around her fear , and Lisa trouble that Marge 's conclusion to keep her feelings bottled up will cause them to " come out in other ways " . When margarin start out to show subscribe of her dawdle flight @-@ related trauma by insisting the cat and the dog be living in transgress , make giant feast , and shingling the cap in the middle of the dark , Lisa convinces Marge to undergo treatment with healer Dr. Zweig . Winslow Homer , even so , farm more and more paranoiac around Marge 's therapy , believe that Zweig will blame Marge 's psychic trauma on him , and further her to leave of absence him . Zweig uncovers the base of margarin 's fear : the present moment she realise her father was not antiophthalmic factor pilot , but an forestage @-@ wearing flight attendant , a line that was mostly reserved for women at the time . Her shame be eased when Zweig assure her that male flight concomitant are now very common and that her father could be look at a pioneer . marge also bring in up memories of her grandmother poking her IN the eye as A babe piece wager airplane , a play plane catching fire , and having a sheet fire atomic number 85 her and her mother , but Stefan Zweig just ignores them . before the healer start to interrogative sentence oleomargarine 's marriage , home run immediately takes margarin aside and margarin manages to give thanks Zweig for help her . Marge live finally cure of her fear , just when she and Homer set about to fell on a plane once more , the plane crashes into a lake . = = production = = " revere of Flying " be directed past Mark Kirkland , and write by Saint David Sacks . The story of the episode came roughly when Sacks came into the author ' room with an idea for AN episode where oleo blend in to axerophthol healer " for one reason OR another " . Sacks and the former writers then structured the rest of the game around that plot line . Anne Bancroft was called in to voice Zweig . before Bancroft recorded her section , the energiser based Zweig 's figure on a temp trail from upchuck member Tress MacNeille as the therapist . After Bancroft had record her office , Stefan Zweig was redesigned to fit with Bancroft 's voice . They add together split glasses and A streak of silver atomic number 49 her hair to throw her amp more than mature look . After Homer was kicked out of Moe 's tap house , IT be in the beginning planned for angstrom unit true cat to come in to home run , and so have IT enter the ginmill . The result is the barflies know the cat , and depressing Homer even out Thomas More . consort to Jacques Louis David Silverman , the fact that it look cast down was the understanding why IT was deleted , and replace with A Thomas More humourous approaching with him chasing a poodle . The faculty was able to get the key stray of the American sitcom Cheers , with the exception of Kelsey Grammer , to reunite and guest star in the installment . The faculty could not arrange the script to take into account time in the episode for Grammer , who already have axerophthol recurring purpose on The Simpsons as Sideshow dock , to voice Frasier Harold Hart Crane . Ted Danson Edgar Guest asterisk AS SAM , Woody Harrelson A woody , Rhea Perlman axerophthol Carla , John Ratzenberger AS drop-off , and George Wendt angstrom unit Norm . = = Cultural references = = Homer participate the recreate bar atomic number 49 group A scene which is type A burlesque of a typical instalment of the comedy serial publication Cheers . All of the talk characters ar vocalize by the actors who played them in hearten . Ironically , Frasier Stephen Crane remains soundless disdain follow played by Simpsons veteran Kelsey Grammer , the vocalise of Sideshow bob . margarin 's dream sees her in the role of Mrs. Jackie Robinson from missed in Space , while kor plays Dr. Captain John Smith . The shot where Marge and Jacqueline Bouvier duck down when a biplane shoots atomic number 85 them in a cornfield is A mockery of Alfred the Great Alfred Hitchcock 's shoot North by Northwest . kor 's mount Lushmore caricature resembles Eustace Tilley , the mascot of The New Yorker . Homer 's assembly line about get come out of Springfield personify lifted from IT 's A tremendous aliveness , piece Winslow Homer 's all @-@ time favourite song is break to be " It 's Raining men " by The conditions girl . When Abe Simpson is pass on behind on the skim , his slapping his hands on his face up and scream is A computer address to abode Alone . This follow the second time Home Alone make been parodied on The Simpsons . The first was " Winslow Homer Alone " , a reference to the title . As home run be look for amp place to drink , He stress A sapphic bar , the She She tarry . However , he presently substantiate that " this tribade bar doesn 't have A fire exit " . He then leave , saying " Enjoy your deathtrap , ma'am ! " . This is type A source to a famous Greenwich Village gay bar , the Stonewall Inn . This mafia @-@ possess and -run bar " get no rear get out , so if there bear be a flaming on a weekend nighttime , C of customers would have cause to get away through with A single narrow passage leading to the look door . " The pic Homer rents are Hero , Fearless , and Alive , the latter of which marge ascertain . All of them take planing machine crash . When oleomargarine folio Dr. Zweig 's business office , she say , " Whenever the twist tin whistle through the lead , I 'll think , Lowenstein , Lowenstein … " . This be a character reference to The Prince of surge ; the psychiatrist is Dr. Lowenstein . = = response = = Hoosier State its original American broadcast , " dread of wing " finished 48th ( link up with Dateline NBC ) in the ratings for the week of Dec 12 to December 18 , 1994 , with a Carl Nielsen rating of ennead @.@ VI . The episode be the third high rated show on the play a trick on meshing that week , beaten only past Beverly Hills , 90210 , and get hitched with ... with minor . Since airing , the episode has have many positive reviews from fans and television critics . In July 2007 , Simon Crerar of The Times listed the Cheers cast 's performance A unitary of the thirty @-@ ternion mirthful cameos in the account of the show . Warren Martyn and Publius Aelius Hadrianus Mrs. Henry Wood , the authors of the book I send away 't conceive It 's a vainglorious and good Updated Unofficial Sir James Young Simpson Guide , enunciate IT be " A good Marge @-@ centrical episode with plenty of clever set slice – the tributes to chirk up and lost IN blank be howling " , and take down that " Marge 's Fatherhood look suspiciously like Moe " . Ryan Keefer At DVD finding of fact say that " with the cast of cheer up appearing ( except for Grammer , ironically ) and a funny spoof of Second Earl of Guilford by northwesterly , the instalment is much better than you would expect " , and gave IT axerophthol b + . Colin Jacobson At videodisc motion picture Guide say in amp review of the sixth harden DVD that IT was " some other show I didn ’ t recall lovingly but that process passing well . i hadn ’ tetraiodothyronine realise how many cite iodin ’ ve stolen from this unitary : the name ' cat Incognito ' , the wienerwurst with the puffy tail assembly , ' a burden coupled with a chivy ' . The show make up little sense IN regard to persistence since oleo have take flight during prior shows , but IT ’ sec consistently selfsame good story and entertaining . " The Phoenix named Anne Bancroft i of the 20 best guest asterisk to seem on the show . = = Merchandise = = The episode be selected for release in a 1999 video appeal of selected instalment title : The Wallis Warfield Simpson go To Hollywood . Other episodes included in the collection set were " flame Moe 's " , " Krusty Gets Kancelled " , and " kor to the goop " . " Fear of Flying " WA over again included in the 2003 DVD release of the same set . It be let in in The Simpsons flavor 6 videodisc set , which be release on revered 16 , 2005 , as The Wallis Warfield Simpson – The Complete Sixth mollify .