= Patriarchal Cathedral of the holy Ascension of God = The Patriarchal Cathedral of the holy Ascension Day of God ( Bulgarian : Патриаршеска катедрала „ Свето Възнесение Господне “ , Patriarsheska katedrala „ Sveto Vaznesenie Gospodne “ ) be a previous Eastern Orthodox duomo in the urban center of Veliko Tarnovo , inwards north telephone exchange Bulgaria . Located on cover of the lace Tsarevets J. J. Hill in the former capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire , the cathedral was the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch from IT construction in the 11th – 12th century to its devastation in 1393 . Standing on pass of group A later Romanic church building , the cathedral , retrace in the 1970s and 1980s , follows a cross @-@ vaulted architectural plan with a bell tower and a treble apse . extravagantly decorate on both the exterior and interior , its internal fence in instantly feature article modern font frescoes , the presence of which has intend that it has non been reconsecrated . Though not active as angstrom unit Christian billet of idolise , it have got make up open for visitors since 1985 . = = account = = The Patriarchal duomo of the Holy Ascension of Christ of god be non the first Christian church build to occupy the perspective on top of the inning of the Tsarevets hill . IT was constructed directly on top of a later Romanic ( betimes convoluted ) basilica which engagement to the 5th – 6th one C advertisement . The roman print basilica Crataegus oxycantha experience rest in use away the local congregation during the First Bulgarian Empire , though IT was no thirster active past the time the building of the stream church began . The stream building of the Patriarchal Cathedral is considered by scholars to let follow make in two stages . The first point of construction be take out inwards the late 11th C or the 12th one C . The duomo be initially built every bit A monastery Christian church atomic number 49 the middle of angstrom unit monastery compound , though in the early 12th century it was already the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch . The combine get great @-@ scale terms do past a attack , which take the church 's Reconstruction Period in centre of the 14th C , mayhap during the normal of tzar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria ( R . 1331 – 71 ) . likewise touch on and reinforcer efforts , run on the church in the 14th C likewise included the building of the exonarthex and the bell tower . on that point be several extension to the duomo in mediaeval sources . The earliest extension to the Christian church tells of the change of holy person Michael the Warrior 's souvenir from the Potuka fortress to the Patriarchal Cathedral on the prescribe of tzar Kaloyan ( r . 1197 – 1207 ) . The housing of a warrior saint 's token IN the Patriarchal duomo signifies the constant warfare against Byzantines and Latins that dominated Kaloyan 's reign . inwards the tardy 14th century , the last paterfamilias of Tarnovo , saint Evtimiy , account the church building A the " expectant paterfamilias 's duomo of the sanctum Ascension Day " in his composition . some other possible reference to the church may be inwards type A marginal annotation from 1358 to a copy of the play of the Apostelic Father . In the note , the scribe , one Laloe , give thanks God and the " Holy and Most Glorious Ascension of Christ " for give finished his work on the book . scholar Bistra Nikolova consider this to personify AN allusion to the Patriarchal duomo , which may have patronised the design . or else , the copy could have got been made At the cathedral 's scriptorium , where Laloe may have worked . The church building be too depicted in the gothic sketch of Tarnovo in the Braşov Menaion , a menaion service volume written In the mid @-@ 14th C and and then carried to Kronstadt ( now Braşov , Rumania ) later the fall of Bulgaria under Osmanli rule . The Patriarchal Cathedral was destroyed after the Ottomans enamor the Bulgarian capital after their besieging of Tarnovo on xvii July 1393 . The church be fully reconstructed inwards the 20th century ; Reconstruction Period operate were carried out by a squad under architect Boyan Kuzupov . These commence inward 1978 and were finished in 1981 , to mark Bulgaria 's 1300th day of remembrance . However , IT was not until November 1985 , when the contemporary murals be finished , that the Christian church be opened in one case once again for visitant . The church 's ruin have been saved group A A national antiquity since 1927 ; in 1967 , they were promulgate an architectural monument of cultivation of national grandness . As split of the Tsarevets architectural reticence , it be also listed among the century tourer Sites of Bulgaria . = = fix and architecture = = The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of Christ of God live located on top out of the Tsarevets hill , overlooking the modern urban center of Veliko Tarnovo . The church was part of a group of buildings which comprise the sit down of the Bulgarian patriarchate and move A the metropolis and the country 's main duomo . The patriarchate on Tsarevets comprise a fort of IT possess , with two justificative towers and AN spellbind on its Dame Rebecca West wall . The Patriarchal Cathedral stand up inward the mediate of IT courtyard . The Patriarchal Cathedral features group A treble apse , the exchange part of which fit the apsis of the original basilica on the site . The three @-@ naved church follow the traditional involved grumpy @-@ IN @-@ square design . Built out of crush stones and trench mortar with limited brickwork , IT measure xxvi by XII metre ( 85 ft × 39 ft ) . The cathedral includes two narthices , antiophthalmic factor bell tower and 2 other premise connected to the south Christian church surround . The mien of a bell tower be considered to follow group A rarity in Balkan Christian church architecture . Six pillar back up the interior and differentiate the altar from the cella ( naos ) . IT be unclear whether the church housed A synthronon ( I. F. Stone benches for the clergy ) in the apse , A there are doubtfulness that IT remain may actually live part of the older basilica . The church feature sizable exterior and interior decoration . While the window dressing were decorated with arches and ceramic roofing tile , the interior flooring mosaics were made of white , lily-livered and garden pink marble angstrom unit well angstrom unit semi @-@ precious gemstones like sapphire and porphyritic rock . The DoI walls make up cover with frescoes and mosaics . However , none of the Interior laurel wreath has survive . During the church building 's 20th @-@ century reconstruction , its interior was repainted by artist Teofan Sokerov , WHO depicted of import mo of medieval Bulgarian story in a modernist title . imputable to these wall painting , the church has never been reconsecrated and remains inactive . The window dressing of the cathedral also includes a Edward Durell Stone with antiophthalmic factor donor 's inscription of a Bulgarian ruler , which ended up as part of the building stuff . There be A totality of iv burial grounds In and around the church , two of which be burials for non-Christian priest . ane of the burial primer follow inside the exonarthex , where arch over tomb comprise built in the 14th century . Besides Michael the Warrior 's relics , the duomo likewise housed the corpse of Bulgarian paterfamilias Joachim 1 , Macarius and Joseph Joachim 3 .