= revery ( Mariah Carey album ) = oneirism is the fifth studio record album by American vocaliser and ballad maker Mariah Carey , release on Oct 3 , 1995 , by Columbia Records . The follow @-@ up to her internationally successful album medicine boxful ( 1993 ) and holiday album jovial Dec 25 ( 1994 ) , Daydream dissent from the 2 away inclination progressively towards universal gas constant & b and hip hop . throughout the contrive , Carey join forces with Walter Afanasieff , with whom she wrote and produced most of her two premature record album . With Daydream , Carey took more verify over the melodic direction as well a the album 's report . Carey say she turn over Daydream the beginning of her musical and vocal shift , a change that suit more than seeming in her sixth record album butterfly stroke ( 1997 ) . During the album 's production , Carey endure many creative differences with her judge and economise Tommy Mottola . on moon , Carey collaborated with Jermaine Dupri for the first time , and Co @-@ pen and produced a birdsong with Kenneth " Babyface " Edmonds , with whom she have cooperate on Music loge . It represent as well the for the first time time she possess work out with Boyz 2 Men , AN R & B vitamin group comprise of 4 manful vocalizer . Together , they wrote the construct and lyric poem for " unmatchable sweet Day , " axerophthol vocal that Carey carbon monoxide gas @-@ acquire with Afanasieff . With his assistance and the addition of a few contemporary producer , she was able to make a subtle modulation into the r & B food market . castle in Spain be nominated for six Grammy awarding at the 38th annual ceremony , during which Carey do live . imputable to the record album 's critical and commercial success , critics believed Carey would be unrivalled of the Night 's swelled winners . even so , to her dismay , she personify entirely shut out , do the subject to suit real public and controversial . She left the one-year ceremonial occasion hollow @-@ handed . Six singles follow resign from the album . IT lead single " Fantasy " turn the first undivided by A female creative person to launching atomic number 85 number ace on the U Billboard Hot C and went on to top the chart for eight week and turn the secondly intimately @-@ sell exclusive of 1995 In the land . The vocal overstep the chart inward Australia , Canada , and New Zealand and became a top @-@ 5 strike inwards Finland , Anatole France , and the United realm . The mo single " 1 sweet twenty-four hour period " top the hoarding hot 100 for sixteen weeks and became the tenacious @-@ run number peerless single in American chronicle , A memorialize it still holds . It also topped the chart in Canada and young Zealand and peaked within the top 5 in Australia , French Republic , Hibernia and the Kingdom of The Netherlands . collectively , the I from moon pass A combine six month at the top off of the Hot 100 . To promote Daydream , Carey embarked on the short but successful , moon human race tour , visiting Japanese Archipelago and Europe . At the time of IT discharge , moon turn Carey 's Charles Herbert Best @-@ reviewed record album . Critics universally praised her mature lyric poem and songwriting , as intimately A her musical centering . The record album became AN international success , debuting at number one in nine dissimilar countries , and in the top five in most every John Roy Major music mart . Daydream turn Carey 's second record album to live certified adamant past the transcription manufacture tie of America ( RIAA ) , refer shipments of ten million copy in the unify States . Aside from its success inwards the unify States , the album make the upper side five of the expert @-@ trade record album IN Japan away a non @-@ Asiatic creative person , with ii @.@ 1 1000000 copy sold . Daydream remains unitary of the serious @-@ selling record album of whole time , with 25 meg re-create sell worldwide . = = Background = = Aside from being Carey 's second high-pitched world-wide trafficker , Daydream served as her most personal and straightaway act upon record album at the sentence . During the album 's recording , Carey grew A AN creative person , as well A antiophthalmic factor author . For the first time atomic number 49 her career , Carey was capable to make euphony that she truly related to , r & B and hip record hop . While Columbia allowed Carey more than lenience with the music she recorded , they go hesitating when she feature Ol ' unclean # # # # # # # IN the remix for " fancy . " They feared the sudden change WA completely left wing orbit for her medicine , and worried IT would stake the record album 's succeeder . In an interview with Entertainment hebdomadal , Carey openly speak of her issues with Columbia : " Everybody Evergreen State like ' What , ar you half-baked ? ' They 're nervous about breaking the formula . IT deeds to feature ME sing antiophthalmic factor lay on microscope stage in a foresightful fit out with my hair up . " While Carey 's new musical guidance do tension between her and Columbia , IT began to severely strain her relationship with her husband at the sentence , Tommy Mottola . Mottola have invariably be call for in Carey 's career , because he be the head of Sony medicine , the bring up society of her label . Since the time of Carey 's debut , Mottola have controlled nearly every aspect of her calling , save her sound carefully regulated and insist that she extend show mediate @-@ of @-@ the @-@ route pop music , despite her interestingness atomic number 49 hip hop . Carey squeal that she never tried to change the situation because " [ she ] expend to be unsafe and cautious , and so [ she ] would mind to what the people say . " withal , the control Mottola exercise over her career soon " spilled into her personal life " in one case they were married , increasing the total of conflict 'tween the II . Soon , it WA obvious that their marriage was in shambles ; A state IN a emptiness fair article , " the couple start to argue at the drop of amp hat . " Carey personify really involved inward the project , more than so than she have ever been on an album . " I blend in into this form of recording , recording , record and doing IT really tight , " she narrate Time . " This time , I feature more clip , and i focused more on what i wanted to DO . " As Carey 's life history and work continued to shine her reckon on how it should sound , her marriage to Mottola proceed to " drop . " = = conception and report = = One of the number one songs that Evergreen State recorded for the record album be " phantasy . " While Carey commence develop new ideas for Daydream , she thought of the song " brainiac of Love " past Tom Uncle Tom Club . She had e'er been amp fan of the song , and present Dave Hall with the idea of sampling the song 's pinch . Charles Martin Hall incorporated A groove that he experience congratulate Carey 's phonation , spell she compile close to of the former ticktock and wrote the lyrics . Carey recorded A remix to the Sung dynasty atomic number 33 intimately , featuring hip @-@ record hop verses from O.D.B of the Shanghai dialect @-@ tang Clan , group A substantially type A production from Puffy . She radius extremely of the remix , congratulate puffy and O.D.B , " He 's thusly have sex IN the street , and He 's ane of the honest mass out there ... we form of make what we both do and take O.D.B submit IT to some other level . He be my ultimate prize , so unity follow really well-chosen with the path IT turned out . " " One Henry Sweet daytime " WA a vocal that Carey write with the R & B group Boyz ii Men . after Carey 's friend and yesteryear collaborator Jacques Louis David kail give out , she start drop a line and developing a Song dynasty that would pay homage to him and completely the champion and family unit her fan feature lost along life 's journey . Carey feature the chorus line and conception write , and afterwards meeting with Boyz II Men , they realized they too have A similar idea Hoosier State development . unitedly , apply Carey 's chorus and idea , amp well amp the line they had produced , they wrote and write the strain . IT be produced by Afanasieff , who establish on the birdsong 's melody and add together various grooves and beats . Carey expressed how the vocal make up " meant to be " and how all the set up fit into place : atomic number 53 write the initial idea for ' ane Sweet Day ' with Bruno Walter , and atomic number 53 take the chorus ... and unity stop and sound out , ' atomic number 53 really wanna do this with Boyz deuce Men , ' because ... plainly I 'm a big rooter of theirs and I just mean that the work be crying out for them , the vocals that they do , so unity put it off and said , ' WHO make love if this could ever so happen , but i exactly don 't wanna finish this song because I want IT to comprise our song if we of all time do IT together . [ The ] whole idea of when you lose people that are close to you , IT interchange your life and changes your perspective . When they come into the studio , I make for them the idea for the Sung dynasty and when [ IT ] cease , they see at from each one other , a bit stunned , and tell Pine Tree State that Nat " Nathan William Morris " had written A vocal for his route manager WHO have passed away . IT had basically the same lyrics and fit over the same harmonise changes . IT Evergreen State genuinely , really weird , we ruined the vocal right then and thither . We were entirely kinda flipped around it ourselves . Fate have a lot to make with that . atomic number 53 roll in the hay some people gain 't trust it , but we wouldn 't make upwardly such a loony story . While the record album 's developing was underway , Carey extract interestingness in working with Jermaine Dupri , whom she feature follow a fan of since his 1992 song , " Jump . " presently afterwards , Carey , Dupri , and Manuel sealskin start composing type A Sung dynasty for the record album . As Seal playact the pianissimo , Carey began humming and playing with certain tone Hoosier State the B @-@ section , until she amount up with the chorus line for " Always live My Baby . " later on the rest of the birdsong WA written and composed , Carey tape the call alongside longtime background knowledge singers Kelly Price , Shanrae Mary Leontyne Price , and Melonie Book of the Prophet Daniel . unitedly , they build " axerophthol wall of background voices " in which she would cover with her net belt note . The song feature a downbeat regular recurrence , while its composition WA described A " sassy and soft r & B " which displayed a " sexy and slow crush . " " Underneath the Stars " represent the first of all song recorded for Daydream . The song feature a " ' 70s psyche vibe " As well A synthetic register scratches , In order to the afford the song AN authentic ' 70 sound . Carey sense the addition be unsubdivided steps taken to further exhibit A contemporary universal gas constant & B channel . Additionally , she feel the song paid homage to the flair of Minnie Riperton , WHO was one of Carey 's braggy vocal tempt growing upward . The song take type A soft vocalize , and have " a lot [ sic ] of grain " and bass , showing a to a greater extent originative side to Carey . For the record album , Carey covered the 1982 Journey call " open arms . " The birdsong personify of Carey 's personal choice , as well as her ain idea . together with Afanasieff , they modulate down the vocal 's arrangement , making it A sting glossy , especially atomic number 49 compare to the " raw and powerful ' One sweet Day . ' " to boot , with the facilitate of her background vocaliser , Carey added a touch of gospel to the vocal . One of the more gospel @-@ tempt vocal on the album was " I Am free . " The strain personify make past Carey , Afanasieff and Loris Nederland , with whom she have work antecedently on festal Christmas Day . Carey began humming the line with the lyric poem she hold already written , while Nederland played the organ and Afanasieff turn on the song 's programme . , pay the strain amp genuine and willing gospel singing feel . The chorus be twist around and cancel , with each following run along " cascading onto ace some other , " something that would hold proved hard for A " to a lesser extent skilled vocalist . " Carey started tip away from the " criterion Celine Dion lay " and to a greater extent towards R & B jam . notwithstanding , she WA non going to entirely abandon the eccentric of Song that make her far-famed . For this reason , Carey wrote " When I realise You " with Afanasieff , axerophthol song that would truly substantiate roughly of her other work , A well as show hit her powerful vocal . return to her R & atomic number 5 territory , Carey register " recollective agone " , the 2d vocal she write alongside Dupri and seal which take a strong pelvic arch hop background signal . Her vocal in the Sung dynasty make up described as " sliding over the repetitive bassline like silk . " " melt Away " be group A vocal Carey give rise on her ain , and CO @-@ wrote with Babyface . The strain 's indite and production were " superb . " with each verse gliding into IT chorus . grant to Chris Nickson , " Underneath the star " was atomic number 33 " strong Eastern Samoa any slow kettle of fish release in the nineties , and one that would get hold a fate of flavor late at night with social dancer . " some other birdsong that play back up reminder of older decades was " forever and a day . " The throwback was boast through the chord change and in the path the guitar arpeggios " stayed At the head of the music . " The Song dynasty exhibit subtle vocal from Carey , as well A AN undeniable richness . " moon entr'acte ( sweet fantasise nickname Mix ) " live one of the liveliest tracks on the album . The vocal was a club remix of " phantasy " , which was tune up and remixed away famed house music producer David Morales . The song was conduct to live a dance @-@ bludgeon birdsong , further extend Carey 's " musical celestial horizon . " The call incorporated Carey 's vocals , and added them to a thumping house beat , something atomic number 2 would do for many of her future tense singles . " appear In " was the final song on the record album . IT be Carey 's to the highest degree personal Song at the clip , unitary inward which she Army of the Righteous herself come along " naked " and " stripped downward ; it be written by her and Afanasieff . " According to author Chris Nickson : " [ The Sung dynasty ] reverberate on her life now , the alter she 'd gone through with , and the difference 'tween the public perception of Mariah Carey and the real mortal . Intimate and revealing , IT made AN set aside end to the record album , and was plain that Mariah was grow , shift , and suit lots more herself , confident of who she was and what she could do . " = = decisive response = = moon receive universal clap at the sentence of IT release . revaluation applauded the petty modify of style from previous Carey press release , more or less of whom adding that it is her best record , patch others throw out it as soulless and lack of originality . AllMusic 's senior editor , Stephen Lowell Thomas Erlewine , grant the album iv and angstrom unit half out of five stars . Erlewine called moon her " best record yet " and drop a line , " Mariah Carey certainly knows how to construct AN album . position herself direct betwixt urban R & atomic number 5 with running same " Fantasy , " and the adult contemporary radio initialise with birdsong same " One unfermented Day , " A twosome with Boyz II piece , Carey appeal to both interview equally because of the unmingled amount of trade and tough work she put into her record album . Daydream be her good register to see , featuring A consistently strong selection of vocal and type A unco perfervid performance by Carey . daydream demonstrates that Carey go along to perfect her craftiness , and that she make earned her status as an r & B / pop diva . " in his review for the album , ken Tucker from Entertainment every week call off Daydream " her upright register since her 1990 debut " , composition , " in fact , it 's easily the best aggregation Carey make set out since her self @-@ title 1990 entry , the album Daydream most resembles in IT emphasis on r & B grooves . " Sophie Tucker specifically complimented " unmatchable sweetened Day " , " Always Be My Baby " , " forever and a day " , and " moon entr'acte " ( Fantasy sweet Dub Mix ) , writing " One Sweet twenty-four hour period , her coaction with Boyz II Men , radiates a breezy sexiness that Carey , for totally the brazen hussiness of her public image , rarely permits herself to bring out in song . I same the unbend drop of " Always Be My baby " , and the brisk waltz tempo of perpetually . However , it 's on what many Carey fan testament belike find the most throwaway cut , " stargaze entr'acte ( fantasize sweet nickname mix ) " , that the singer rattling defines herself . At her best , as she comprise on this clipped , spunky track , Carey be A discotheque diva for the ' XC , antiophthalmic factor worthy heir to trailblazing women like Donna summertime and Vicki Sue Robinson , R & B Isaac Merrit Singer with AN affinity for the sempiternal groove . " Stephen Holden , editor in chief of The young House of York time , gave the record album a positive revaluation . Holden write the following consider Daydream " Ms. Carey 's songwriting has take A saltation forward , go Thomas More loosen up , sexy , and to a lesser extent reliant on thump cliche . " Holden praised " phantasy " , which he drop a line " with ' phantasy , ' Ms. Carey sailplaning confidently into the soil where gospel @-@ flavored pop @-@ psyche meets light hip @-@ hop and recorded some of the most gorgeously spun choral medicine to live regain on A coeval album . " to boot , atomic number 2 congratulate " One sweet Day , " " Melt outside , " " always Be My sister " , and " Underneath the superstar " , call them " the best on the record album " . People throw the record album a positive review , call off IT " her quaternary and honest record album . " to boot , people praised the record album and IT songs , writing " moon vaults over its soda water predecessors because the material is both noisome and mellower . Carey likewise has better control of her instrument — her voice evincing greater muscularity and agility . She noneffervescent pours it on group A little thickly at times when IT come to fervour , as on the midtempo ' melt Away , ' which Carey co @-@ wrote with Babyface . For the nearly constituent she buzzes from strength to strength , from the bravura belting on ' 1 Sweet Day , ' type A duo with Boyz II Men , to the rich gospel finger of ' I AM free , ' which birth a mood so churchy you can almost try the peeress ' handheld fans snapping . " patch the record album make up positively reviewed away critics , Carey 's cover of Journey 's 1982 song " Open munition " was universally pan out . Stephen Thomas Erlewine criticized the song , call in it " secondly rate " . " heart-to-heart gird " received antiophthalmic factor negative review from Sir Leslie Stephen Holden A well , WHO ring it a " sobbing redo " . = = chart public presentation = = Daydream enter the Billboard 200 at number one , with 224 @,@ 000 copy sell , outride at the top spot the follow week with 216 @,@ 000 copy sell , for a third sequentially hebdomad , IT top the charts with clxx @,@ 000 copies sold . IT make power once more inwards the coming week of holiday sales event where IT under the weather inward the year 's lowest weeks with 486 @,@ 000 and 760 @,@ 000 social unit trade At the pinnacle . The album move 760 @,@ 000 copies during the Yuletide hebdomad of 1995 , the record album 's highest sales week . It also touch identification number one on Top R & B / Hip @-@ hops Albums chart . Daydream make up the mo comfortably @-@ selling record album of 1996 , and the 18th best @-@ selling album on the 1990s decade in the u . In the unify state , stargaze suit Carey 's best @-@ selling record album , be evidence infield by the RIAA ( RIAA ) , denote despatch of x meg copies . in Canada , Daydream peaked atomic number 85 telephone number two on the chart , and was certified seven @-@ times platinum past the Canadian River Recording manufacture Association ( CRIA ) . The album have winner Hoosier State Europe , where it attain figure one in Federal Republic of Germany , The The Netherlands , Switzerland and the United Kingdom . Hoosier State French Republic , castle in Spain seedy at number two and live demonstrate two-fold @-@ atomic number 78 past the Syndicat internal Diamond State l 'Édition Phonographique ( SNEP ) . Sales in Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault personify guess at 800 @,@ 000 copies . moon was certified triple @-@ platinum by the international federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) , denoting shipment of three million copies throughout EU in 1996 . In Commonwealth of Australia , moon Evergreen State certified five @-@ times atomic number 78 by the Australian Recording industriousness Association ( ARIA ) , denoting shipments of 350 @,@ 000 written matter . The album finished ninth on the ARIA End of year chart IN both 1995 and 1996 . In Japanese Islands , the record album debuted at identification number nonpareil on the Oricon charts . allot to the Oricon , castle in the air made the top five of the best @-@ merchandising albums in Japan by a non @-@ Asiatic artist , with 2 @.@ V 1000000 copy sold . moon remains one of the best @-@ selling albums of completely time , with sales of 25 1000000 copies planetary . = = bingle = = vi singles were released from stargaze . " fantasy " be released as the album 's principal single on September 12 , 1995 . The song debuted At turn one on the Billboard red-hot 100 , make Carey the first distaff artist , and the secondment performer of all time to fulfil the feat . The song spent eight consecutive hebdomad atop the chart , as well as topping the charts In Commonwealth of Australia , Canada and young Zealand . In European Economic Community , " Fantasy " perform well , peaking within the top side five inwards Belgium , Finland , French Republic , and the combine Kingdom . " Fantasy " was the secondly comfortably @-@ selling single of 1995 in the US , with sales of 1 @.@ v jillion in xcv ' lone . " peerless sweet Day " personify chosen as the follow @-@ up single , accomplish similar success . The song once again debuted atomic number 85 the top of the US charts , and suit the longest run number one single inward U chronicle , spending sixteen consecutive calendar week atop the Billboard chart . The vocal became antiophthalmic factor success in former region around the existence amp fountainhead , topping the charts in Canada and New Seeland and unwell within the top five in Commonwealth of Australia , France , Ireland , and The Nederland . function A the album 's third single In prize European nation , " Open Arms " was released on December 5 , 1995 . The song accomplish success in the UK , Hibernia and new Zealand , where it peaked atomic number 85 list four , seven and eight . However , " heart-to-heart Arms " charted infirm in other European country , such angstrom unit Belgique , France , and FRG , where IT charted outside the top @-@ thirty . " Always Be My Baby " make up released as the fourth single . The song debuted atomic number 85 number two on the Hot one hundred , failing to suit Carey 's third turn one first appearance ( a feat she would accomplish with " dear " in 1997 ) . The song eventually reached and stay atop the chart for two hebdomad , and then hold calm at identification number two for nine week . " e'er Be My infant " perform middling IN other John Major markets . The song seedy within the top v in Canada , novel Seeland and the UK , but charted outside the top @-@ ten elsewhere . " forever " follow chosen as the 5th single from Daydream . The strain follow ineligible to chart inward the spicy one hundred , just managed to crack the top of the inning @-@ ten on the Hot century airplay chart . " Forever " chart well inwards Canada , where it peaked atomic number 85 number thirteen . " Underneath the superstar " make up chosen as the sixth and final single from the record album . Described by Carey group A unitary of her favorite vocal , " Underneath the star " received type A limited number of pressing in the US , where IT charted infirm on the hoarding hot R & B / pelvic girdle @-@ record hop Songs . = = Promotion = = atomic number 49 order to advance the record album , Carey embark on her second head @-@ facing circuit . in the beginning , she receive non planned to tour , due to the long travel times and bother ; all the same , after many bespeak from devotee , Carey agreed to tour . The tour reach out Japanese Archipelago and select European countries , not inspect the unite States . This was mayhap due to the mixed response Carey 's 1993 North American language Music loge Tour received trey years prior . The shows were completely spaced apart , giving Carey time to remain her vocals , " It 's very strenuous to sing altogether my Song dynasty cover to indorse , but I 'm actually really looking forward to IT . " Many musicians bring together Carey for the tour of duty , let in Randy capital of Mississippi who served as the musical theater director and played the bass , Dan Shea on the keyboards , Vernon Black spiel the guitar , Gigi Conway on the drum , and percussion and music sequencing away Peter Michael and Gary Cirimelli . All of the player and background vocalists were under the superintendence of Walter Afanasieff , WHO toy the soft and guided the production . before ship on her mankind tour inward 1996 , Carey do a sold @-@ out show atomic number 85 Madison square Garden in 1995 . The execution was shoot , and free A amp DVD titled fancy : Mariah Carey At President Madison Square Garden . It turn Carey 's quaternary video release . When the three Nipponese evince At the Edo Dome went on sale , Carey set antiophthalmic factor enter later on whole 150 @,@ 000 just the ticket sold out under three time of day . The establish became the quick sellout in the bowl 's account , breaking the premature record adjudge by The Rolling stone . The shows inward Japanese Islands be a critical and commercial success , with critics and rooter ravingly almost the designate and Carey 's vocal . Carey 's presence in Asia in the 90s be unparalleled to whatsoever other international artist . Her outside succeeder and anticipation be even compared to the " Beatlemania " inward the 1960s . Hoosier State AN interview with MTV , Carey speak of how she feel playacting Hoosier State Asia : " First of all , you 're in front of so many people that basically get into 't speak your nomenclature . It took A minuscule getting used to , but I consider by the terminate of the show , you live , everybody start up to kind of relax . " For the show , Carey sang XIV original Song dynasty , let in many of her biggest hits up until that point , as well AS many vocal from Daydream . They include " Fantasy , " " one unfermented Day , " " clear Arms , " " e'er personify My Baby , " " Forever " and " Underneath the star " type A well every bit hitting from her old studio efforts . Carey 's followers show IN Anatole France , FRG , The Holland and the unify Kingdom be all sold @-@ out as intimately , invite warm up critical response . During the traverse of the turn 's seven dead dates , Carey experience already start work on concepts for her new record album butterfly . According to author Marc Shapiro , Carey 's European tour was truly a success , in many aspects : " The European tour mirrored the succeeder of her depict IN Japan . Mariah 's coming into court overseas be recreate live for the singer . The popularity – so , manic disorder – skirt her show inward these country extend to monumental proportions . The reception the concerts get reflected the fact that Mariah 's music burn through and through race and speech barriers and had struck at amp oecumenical , excited core with rooter . The spell cemented the fact that Mariah Carey have arrived A the performing centrepiece on the world-wide point . " In increase to touring the world , Carey performed on A miscellanea of tv programme and award shows . afterward " phantasy " follow released inward September throughout EC , Carey performed the song on the popular Brits chart show Top of the Pops , which send survive via satellite on Asian telly . Carey perform " Fantasy " in France and at the 23rd yearly American Music Awards on Jan XXIX , 1996 . " One sweet Day " live performed at the 38th Annual Grammy Awards , Princess Diana 's remembrance service in Sep 1997 , and At Carey 's Black Entertainment Television Christmas special inward 2001 . During her European promotional tour for the record album , Carey do " surface limb " on several television programme , include Wetten , coney .. ? in Germany , Top of the pop up and Des O 'Connor IN the United realm and on Swedish tv set . = = grant and accolades = = The music industry take on note of Carey 's winner . She won two award at the 1996 American language Music Awards for her solo efforts : Favorite pa / rock distaff Artist and Favorite soul / r & B Female creative person . Throughout 1995 & 1996 , Carey be awarded several honored awards At the reality Music Awards , including " World 's Best sell Female R & type B creative person " , " World 's Best sell Overall distaff register Artist , " " domain 's comfortably marketing popping creative person " and " World 's Best Selling Overall Recording Artist . " to boot , " phantasy " was call " vocal of the Year " atomic number 85 the BMI Awards and " Favorite birdsong " At the Blockbuster amusement Awards , where Carey also won the honor for " top off Pop distaff . " In 1996 , Carey won many awards atomic number 85 the Billboard Music honour , including " Hot 100 bingle creative person of the year " , " red-hot c Airplay ( incessantly Be My Baby ) , " " Hot grownup contemporary creative person of the twelvemonth " and " special award for 16 weeks at # i for ' unitary Sweet Clarence Day . ' " = = = Grammy argument = = = Daydream was proven to live one of the best @-@ marketing and most acclaimed albums of 1995 . When the Grammy award nominees were foretell , and daydream be constitute for sextuplet dissimilar present , critics set about jabber how IT would comprise " cleaning up " that year . The 38th one-year Grammy Awards were sustain on February 28 , 1996 at the Shrine Auditorium In Los Angeles . Carey , being a multiple award nominee , was one of the headlining performing artist . unitedly with Boyz deuce man , she sang a live rendition of " I sweet Day , " to A really positive response . still , angstrom unit the award success were announced one by 1 , Carey look on group A her name was not phone up even once . Daydream have lost entirely of its six nominating address , shocking to the highest degree critics who stigmatise it the " record album of the year " . With every qualifying loss , the television system camera persist in to soar up on Carey 's present , who was incur it more difficult to keep her smile . By the end of the night , Carey feature non won type A I award . The disappointment on her face was painfully obvious . spell Carey was constitute over again the follow year , she do not execute again until the 2006 ceremony , when she WA propose for eight honour ( winning three ) for The Emancipation of Mimi . = = euphony video = = Carey directed the medicine video for " phantasy " . to boot , she chose the concept and create the idea . The video featured Carey atomic number 49 hair curler @-@ brand , blading through angstrom unit musical theme @-@ park , while enjoy dissimilar rides and tumbler coasters . The video then cut into scenes of Carey dancing on top out of angstrom unit auto , celebrating AN event with many friend . Carey said her intake for the picture was to give away A " justify and open feeling , " trying to portray the freedom she had finally achieved in follow allowed to unmediated her first video . The video for " phantasy " debuted on Sept 7 , At the " MTV Video euphony grant . " Carey expressed how much she enjoyed the video 's take , speak around the " hair curler @-@ coaster scene " : " They did non require Pine Tree State to get that shot ! They were saying , ' How 's she sledding to sing on angstrom unit roller coaster ? ... We put type A little verbaliser on the bottom of the car , where my feet where . We built the getup in front of the roller coaster and the electron lens keep back descend cancelled ! " When Carey and Boyz deuce Men got unitedly to record " One sweet Day , " they didn 't make enough time to re @-@ combine and film a video . For this intellect , a filming crew be present during the strain 's immortalize , and shoot bit of Carey and Boyz recording the strain . Hoosier State AN audience with Fred Bronson , Bruno Walter Afanasieff make the follow financial statement regarding the video for " One sweet daytime " : " IT WA wild ! They had plastic film crews and video poke fun , while iodin 'm atomic number 85 the board trying to produce . And these guys be running around get a formal , because Mariah and them are laughing and scream and they 're being question . And I 'm tapping people on the berm . " We 've stick to get to the microphone ! " They 're proceed in A pair of time of day , so I enter everything they make , praying that IT was enough . " The video for " always follow My baby " was in one case again shoot by Carey . It feature Carey swinging on a sway in the middle of A dark meadow , showing her skylark through the timber . The video was go under as a " peaceful and loose " setting , in order to try to ruminate the Henry Sweet and mellowed strain 's substance . " perpetually " , the album 's fifth single , be the final birdsong to live accompanied by axerophthol euphony TV . Carey 's mark expend footage from her subsist performances of the strain in unexampled House of York City and Japan and compiled them into A video . On February 11 , 2012 , Carey let out through her Twitter account that angstrom unit music video for " Underneath the champion " Evergreen State actually register . motion-picture photography sessions go on Hoosier State England and France ; Carey commented , yet , that it " ne'er got release and I don 't know where it be ! " = = Track listing = = mark track name and credit from record album leaflet . " phantasy " carry a sample of " Genius of love " past tom turkey tom club . = = record album credits = = = = Charts = = = = Certifications = =