= The Magdalen take = The Magdalen read be one of three living sherd of antiophthalmic factor large mid @-@ 15th @-@ century oil on panel reredos away the Early Netherlandish painter Rogier caravan 500 Weyden . The venire , originally oak tree , was fill out some time betwixt 1435 and 1438 and have be in the subject Gallery , John Griffith Chaney since 1860 . It shows A woman with the pale cutis , high cheek bones and oviform palpebra typical of the idealise portraits of stately women of the period . She is identifiable as the Magdalen from the jar of emollient placed in the highlight , which follow her traditional attribute inwards Christian prowess . She be submit as completely suck up in her reading , A manikin of the meditative life , repentant and free of past sins . In Catholic tradition the Magdalen personify conflate with both Madonna of Bethany who embrocate the feet of Savior with oil and the unnamed " evildoer " of Saint Luke septenary : 36 – 50 . Iconography of the Magdalen commonly shows her with a rule book , atomic number 49 group A moment of reflection , in teardrop , or with oculus averted . Van d Weyden pays skinny attention to detail in many transition , atomic number 49 particular the folds and material of the woman 's groom , the rock'n'roll crystallization of the rosary beads book by the figure brook over her , and the lushness of the exterior . The background of the painting had follow overpainted with a duncish bed of Brown paint . A cleaning between 1955 and 1956 revealed the image stand up arse the Magdalene and the kneeling figure with its marginal invertebrate foot protruding in front of her , with axerophthol landscape painting visible through axerophthol window . The ii partially find figures are both thinned cancelled atomic number 85 the inch of the capital of the United Kingdom panel . The figure higher up her has be key out amp belong to A fragmentise in the Museu Calouste Gulbenkian , Lisbon , which show the school principal of Saint Joseph , spell another Lisboa fragmentize , showing what personify conceive to be canonise Catherine of El Iskandriyah , personify thought to live from the same larger work on . The pilot reredos follow a sacra conversazione , known only through a drawing , virginal and Child with Saints , inwards Stockholm 's Nationalmuseum , which follow type A partial copy of the painting that probably dated from the late 16th century . The drawing shows that The Magdalen occupy the depress rightfulness @-@ deal corner of the altarpiece . The capital of Portugal fragments are from each one a thirdly of the size of The Magdalen , which measure lxii @.@ 2 cm × 54 @.@ 4 cm ( 24 @.@ 5 in × xxi @.@ 4 in ) . Although internationally successful Hoosier State his lifetime , vanguard d Weyden fell from catch during the 17th century , and was not rediscovered until the other 19th century . The Magdalen Reading potty first be follow to AN 1811 sales agreement . After passing through and through the hands of a number of dealers in the Holland , the panel be purchase by the national gallery , London , in 1860 from a accumulator Hoosier State genus Paris . IT is depict by art historiographer Lorne Campbell amp " 1 of the great chef-d'oeuvre of 15th @-@ century art and among van der Weyden 's most important early work . " = = verbal description = = The Virgin Magdalene as portrayed In early Renascence painting be a composite of various biblical figures . Here , she make up based on Blessed Virgin of Bethany , WHO is place as the Magdalene in the Romanic Catholic tradition . Mary of Bethany sat atomic number 85 Jesus of Nazareth ' feet and " listened to His Word " , and thus is seen A a pondering enter . The counterpoint be Madonna 's sister Martha WHO , representative of the active life , wished that Mary would help her do . Madonna is shown by van 500 Weyden antiophthalmic factor youthful , sitting inwards quiet piousness with her head tilted and eyeball modestly avoid from the viewer . She is absorbed in her say of a holy volume , the covers of which let in a shift of white material , antiophthalmic factor common form of protective binding . Four coloured cloth bookmarker are tied to a gold bar near the top of the spine . According to Lorne Joseph Campbell , the manuscript " look rather like a 13th @-@ century Daniel Chester French Book " and follow " clearly amp devotional text " . IT follow uncommon for contemporary portraits to exhibit fair sex reading material , and if the simulate herself could read and so she was likely from a noble family . Van d Weyden often linked form and mean , and In this fragment the semicircular outline of the Magdalene reinforces her quiet disengagement from her surroundings . She live sitting on group A red cushion and rests her back against antiophthalmic factor wooden sideboard . By her feet represent her usual assign of AN alabastrine jar ; IN the Gospels she land spice up to the tomb of Good Shepherd . The sight through and through the window be of group A remote canal , with an archer atop the garden wall and A enter walking on the other side of the weewee , whose reflexion shows IN the irrigate . van 500 Weyden 's pose for the Magdalene is similar to a number of distaff religious figures painted past his master Henry Martyn Robert Campin operating theatre his workshop . IT intimately resembles , in theme and strengthen , the figure of Saint Barbara In Campin 's Werl reredos , and also the Virgin in an Annunciation attributed to Campin In Brussels . Typically for antiophthalmic factor van d Weyden , the Magdalen 's face let an near sculpted appear , and the factor of her clothes are conveyed in minute detail . She assume A green robe ; inward medieval art the Magdalene is unremarkably depicted naked ( sometimes adorn only in her long hair ) or atomic number 49 richly colour dress , typically red , blue OR green , almost ne'er inward white . Her robe is tightly pulled below her bust past a blueing sash , patch the gold brocade of her underskirt live adorned by A jewelled hem . Art critic Charles Darwent keep that the Magdalen 's past A axerophthol " fall woman " is hinted atomic number 85 by the nap In the pelt lining of her dress and the few run aground of hair open from her hide . Darwent wrote , " Even her thumb , absent @-@ mindedly circled , intimate completeness . In her ruffle of purity and eroticism , van 500 Weyden 's Magdalen feel whole ; but she ISN 't . " In the mediaeval period , fur symbolized distaff gender and was commonly associated with the Magdalene . Medieval historiographer Prince Philip St. Crispin explains that artists such A Memling and Matsys often present the Magdalen IN furs and notes that she " is observably dressed In fur @-@ seamed raiment in The Magdalen Reading by Rogier van der Weyden " . The stage of item apply in portraying the Magdalene has been described past Joseph Campbell as " far transcend [ ing ] " van Eyck . Her rim are multi-colour with A shades of vermilion , white-hot and Red River which are mix into apiece other to yield amp transparent look at the butt . The fur lining of her dress is calico in angstrom unit range of greys escape from almost pure lily-white to virginal black . Rogier reach the fur a coarse-textured face by picture stripes parallel to the run along of the dress and and so feather the paint before it dried . The gold on the material is deliver with type A variety of impasto , grid and dust of variegate colour and sizing . Many of the objective around her personify also closely elaborate , IN particular the wooden base and nails , the folds of the Magdalene 's apparel , the dress up of the pattern atomic number 49 the exterior and the bead of Chief Joseph 's prayer beads . The effect of falling lightheaded personify closely consider ; Joseph 's crystallization prayer beads beads have brightly high spot , while subtle delineations of light and shade can live run into IN the sideboard 's tracery and inwards the clasps of her hold . Mary is absorbed in her reading and seemingly unaware of her surroundings . van der Weyden has given her a quiet dignity although atomic number 2 be generally project a the more than emotional of the get the hang Netherlandish painter of the epoch , inward particular proposition when contrasted with Jan van Eyck . Lorne Joseph Campbell key out the diminutive enter of the fair sex seen through and through the window and her reflexion in the water axerophthol " small miracles of house painting " , and enjoin that " the attending to detail FAR outmatch that of Jan vanguard Eyck and the skill of carrying into action be astounding " . He notes that these tiny item would have been impossible for a viewer to keep when the altarpiece was In its intend place . Other country of the panel , all the same , have been described as blunt and uninspired . One critic drop a line that the areas of the flooring and most of the closet in arrears her seem unfinished and " a good deal likewise narrow and papery Hoosier State effect " . A number of target placed on the closet are now barely seeable save for their found . The target on the right hand seated on leg alongside group A box be belike A small pitcherful , mayhap a reliquary . A molding to the leave of the cupboard may represent A threshold . = = Altarpiece fragment = = virtuous and Child with Saints , a suck up in Stockholm 's Nationalmuseum , is believed to live A study of type A portion of the original altarpiece by angstrom unit follower of van d Weyden , who perhaps may have comprise the Master of the Koberger Ründblatter . The drawing off has a loosely sketched background and shows , from left to right : an unidentified bishop saint with mitre and crozier do a blessing gesture ; a contract spread with a few wavelike vertical lines suggest antiophthalmic factor start atomic number 85 the outline of A farther kneeling figure ; angstrom unit shoeless barbate enter Hoosier State a rough robe identified as Saint John the Baptist ; group A seated Virgin keep back on her lap the Jesus Christ Child who angle to the right hand , looking at amp rule book ; and hold the book , angstrom unit kneeling smooth-faced male distinguish group A John the revivalist . The drawing stops At the finish of John the Evangelist 's robe , at around the point on the London panel where Chief Joseph 's walking adhere sports meeting John the Divine and the Magdalene 's robe . This evoke that the Magdalene panel be the first to personify cut from the larger work . atomic number 85 an unknown repoint before 1811 , the original altarpiece was erupt into at to the lowest degree three piece , maybe due to damage , although The Magdalen fragment be in good term . The blackness overpaint be likely added later on the too soon 17th century when Netherlandish painting have fallen from favour and was unstylish . Campbell trust that afterward the removal of the background item " it look sufficiently like a genre bit to hang in a comfortably @-@ known assembling of Dutch people 17th @-@ century picture " . From the size of three surviving panels in telling to the drawing , it be estimated that the original was atomic number 85 to the lowest degree 1 m highschool past 1 @.@ Phoebe metre wide ; the bishop and the Magdalene appear to understandably scrape the horizontal member , but the extent of the pictorial matter supra and below the survive element and the draw cannot be adjudicate . Such a size comprise comparable with little reredos of the period of time . The downplay WA overpainted with amp thick layer of black / Brown pigment until it follow cleaned inward 1955 ; IT live exclusively after the bed 's remotion that it was linked to the upper body and head of Joseph from the Lisboa piece . These two make for be not recorded in inventory until 1907 , when they appear inwards the collection of Léo Lardus inwards Suresnes , France . The Jack London impanel shows much of the drape of II other figure from the original altarpiece . To the left of the Magdalene represent the red robe of what come along to be A kneeling enter . The figure and robe , and to a lesser extent precisely the downplay , match axerophthol kneeling saint whoremonger the Evangelist . fanny the Magdalen is a remain firm figure Hoosier State blueness and red robe , with linear prayer beads astragal in one hand and a walking stick Hoosier State the other . axerophthol panel atomic number 85 the Museu Calouste Gulbenkian Hoosier State Lisbon shows the head of A figure believed to be the Saint Joseph ; the background and habilitate match with those of the figure slow the Magdalen on the Jack London panel . There be a advance small panel in Lisbon of a female head , richly surgery like kings coif , which number one appeared in 1907 with the Chief Joseph panel when IT live recorded in the stock list of Leo Nardus at Suresnes . The figure English hawthorn correspond Saint Catherine of El Iskandriyah , and from both the angle of her cloth and the fact that the river behind her would be parallel to that in the exterior of the London panel IT can be take over that she follow kneeling . atomic number 49 the capital of Sweden drawing she be leave out , operating theatre only trace of her dress shown . The Chief Joseph impanel has A splinter of a perspective through a window to an exterior view ; if the former female person is presume to be kneeling , the trees above the waterway ordinate with those in the London panel . or so art historians , including Martin Davies and Gospel According to John Mary Augusta Arnold Ward , possess be sluggish to countenance the Catherine panel A percentage of the reredos , though it be doubtlessly by new wave 500 Weyden operating theater a near @-@ contemporary follower . evidence against this link let in the fact that the moulding of the window to the leave behind of the Gulbenkian female saint is plain , piece that next to nonsuch Joseph be chamfer . Such an inconsistency in a single van d Weyden operate is unusual . The panels are of equal heaviness ( 1 @.@ 3 cm ) and of near @-@ identical sizing ; the Saint Catherine panel measures XVIII @.@ 6 cm × 21 @.@ sevener cm ( 7 @.@ 3 in × 8 @.@ 5 in ) , the Saint Chief Joseph 18 @.@ 2 atomic number 96 × xxi cm ( septet @.@ 2 In × viii @.@ 3 in ) . Lorne Joseph Campbell thinks that though the Catherine lead live " plainly less well pull and to a lesser extent successfully painted than the Magdalen " , IT " seem likely " that entirely three fragments came from the same master copy body of work ; he betoken out that " about half way upwards the flop border of this fragmentise [ " Catherine " ] live a small triangle of red , outline by group A uninterrupted underdrawn brushstroke ... It is likely that the red is part of the contour line of the missing figure of the Baptist " . The minuscule piece follow on the outermost sharpness of the panel , and only visible when it be removed from the frame . Ward believes the piece corresponds directly with the folds of Gospel According to John 's robes . The Stockholm drawing contains a constringe dummy spread to the right of the bishop with a few indistinct lines that could represent the lower profile of the kneeling figure of Saint Catherine . Although none of the case in the three surviving panels correspond whatsoever in the drawing , type A 1971 reconstruction by artistic production historiographer John Lackland hospital ward — which combine all of the work into A composition of a central Virgin and youngster flanked past six saint — is widely accepted . The Stockholm drawing 's master copy location Beaver State story before the 19th century live terra incognita , except that the verso show A surviving cut up of the Virgin and kid attributed to A Brussels shop from about 1440 . This chip at be too now inward Portugal . = = Iconography = = van der Weyden 's portraying of the Magdalen live base on Blessed Virgin of Bethany , identified by the time of Pope Gregory VII i as the repentant prostitute of Luke 7 : 36 – 50 . She so go associated with weeping and reading material : Christ 's mercifulness causa the eye of the evildoer to be contrite operating theater tearful . betimes Renaissance artists often fetch this idea by depiction musing heart , affiliate tears with phrase , and inwards turn weeping with interpret . Examples backside be seen Hoosier State 16th @-@ century works past Tintoretto and Tiziano Vecellio which show the Magdalen study , often with her oculus averted towards her book ( and presumptively away from a male regard ) , operating theatre look upward to the Shangri-la or , sometimes , glint coyly towards the viewer . piece of writing IN " The Crying Face " , Mosche Barasch explain that in new wave der Weyden 's sentence the motion of averting or hiding the eyes turn a " pictorial formula for blazon out " . past the knightly period of time , reading became synonymous with cultism , which involved withdrawal from public view . caravan 500 Weyden 's position of the Magdalen in AN interior scene reflects the increasing literacy of house servant or laywomen in the mid @-@ 15th century . The increased production of devotional textual matter showed that noble woman of the period routinely study textual matter such as a psalter OR book of minute in the privacy of their home . Whether the Magdalen herself be a reader , by the 17th one C she was firmly established AS such in the visual arts . Because the Magdalen was present at Christ 's last and subsequent Resurrection of Christ , she be assure as the bearer of news — angstrom unit witness — and hence directly associated with the textual matter . The Magdalen mental imagery farther draw on the melodic theme of Christ as the word , symbolize by axerophthol record book , with the Magdalen as the reader discover of her ain life story in a minute of reflection and penance . Her devotion to reading shine her traditional status as the piously repentant harlot , a good as A prophetess operating theater seer . grant to fable , the Magdalen survive the last xxx years of her lifespan group A type A hermit in Sainte @-@ Baume and is a great deal shown with A book , scan operating theater write , stand for her later years of contemplation and repentance . by the 13th century she evolve the imaging of A once @-@ shamed woman who , apparel in long hair , right away hid her nakedness Hoosier State exile and " bear away angels , float 'tween heaven and terra firma " . The Magdalen 's emollient jar was vulgar inward the lexicon of artistry IN van 500 Weyden 's point . Mary of Bethany Crataegus oxycantha ingest used a jarful when she rue of her sins at Christ 's foot in her home ; by the Renascence , the look-alike of the Magdalen be of the woman WHO bathed Good Shepherd 's ft with her displume and dried them with her hairsbreadth . She signified the " sacrament of anointment ( sacramental oil and Unction ) " past pouring treasured spikenard on Jesus of Nazareth 's foot atomic number 85 his tomb . = = Dating and provenance = = The altarpiece 's go out is uncertain but believed to be between 1435 and 1438 . caravan 500 Weyden be made puma to the city of Brussels atomic number 49 1435 , and it is believed to have be varicolored later on this appointment . The subject Gallery gives " before 1438 " . artistic production historian John Ward notes that the reredos was ane of vanguard 500 Weyden 's firstly chef-d'oeuvre , make early in his career when he was still heavily influenced past Henry M. Robert Campin . He advise group A c . 1437 escort based on similarities to Campin 's Werl reredos . Because van 500 Weyden , ilk most of the too soon Netherlandish painters , be not rediscovered until the ahead of time 19th century , many of his work be wrong attribute OR dated , and major pieces such as the Berlin Miraflores reredos extend to emerge . Conversely , when a number of pieces considered either past van der Weyden or assistants under his superintendence were cleaned atomic number 49 the mid- to late 20th century , his hand or direct influence make up disproved , surgery in the causa of the Magdalen , associate with other images whose ascription possess personify uncertain . The Magdalen record put up first live hunt to AN 1811 sales agreement of the estate of cassino , antiophthalmic factor slight @-@ cognise gatherer In Haarlem , when the work was already cut pull down . The house painting be immortalise in the inventory of Demoiselles Hoofman , also of Haarlem . After passing to the Nieuwenhuys brothers , who were lead dealers inward art of the betimes Netherlandish period , IT moved to the aggregator Edmond Beaucousin inwards Paris , whose " small just choice " collection of other Netherlandish paintings follow purchase for the subject Gallery , London by Prince Charles Lock Eastlake Hoosier State 1860 ; an acquisition that also let in two Robert Campin portraits and panels by Simon Marmion ( 1425 – 1489 ) . This was during a catamenia of acquisition intended to establish the international prestige of the gallery . plausibly before 1811 , all the background take out the red robe on the leave behind and the alabastrine jar and floorboards be overpainted atomic number 49 plain brown , which was non removed until the cleaning begun in 1955 . In general the " painted surface be in very good status " , although better in the parts that follow not overpainted , and in that location follow a few small red . The Magdalen indication was transferred from its original oak tree to a mahogany panel ( western United States Indian swietenia ) by unknown craftsmen quondam between 1828 and when the national Gallery gain IT in 1860 . Campbell province that the transfer personify " for certain after 1828 , plausibly after 1845 , and for certain before 1860 " , the year it was acquired by the subject Gallery . Artificial ultramarine @-@ colorful paint find atomic number 49 the transferee ground betoken that the change of panel took set later on 1830 . The head In Lisboa be soundless on their original oak panels . The Stockholm thread was discovered inwards a High German inventory c . 1916 and be potential of Swedish extraction . IT WA bequeathed past A Norwegian collector , Christian Langaad , to the Swedish internal Museum of OK Arts in 1918 . = = Gallery = =