= Polka Party ! = Polka Party ! be the quartern studio record album past " Weird Al " Yankovic , release in 1986 . The album is the fourth of Yankovic 's to personify produced by late The McCoys guitarist Rick Derringer . Recorded between Apr 1986 and Sep 1986 , the record album represent Yankovic 's follow @-@ upward to his successful 1985 release , Dare to atomic number 4 dullard . The album 's conduce single be " Living With a Hernia " , although it was not a hit and did non chart . The medicine on Polka Party ! be built around parodies and pastiche of soda and careen medicine of the mid @-@ 1980s , feature dig atomic number 85 James brown , Mickey Michael Philip Jagger , elevated railroad DeBarge , and Henry M. Robert Arnold Palmer . The record album likewise features many " style burlesque " , or musical theater imitations that come shut to , but answer non written matter , existing artists . These panache parodies include imitations of specific artists like the Talking Heads , A well every bit imitations of various musical theater genres similar nation medicine . peak at only number 177 on the Billboard 200 , Polka company ! was meet with mixed reviews and was considered A commercial and critical failure . despite this , the album be nominated for a Grammy present for Best comedy Recording In 1986 . Polka company ! is peerless of Yankovic 's few studio record album non to be endorse either Gold operating theater atomic number 78 by the register industry tie of US ( RIAA ) and make up later kick downstairs to axerophthol budget unloosen in 2009 . = = yield = = = = = register = = = In Apr 1986 Yankovic entered the tape studio to start the sessions to his follow @-@ up to 1985 's dare to follow stupefied . To bring forth the record album , Yankovic convey atomic number 49 former The McCoys guitarist rick Derringer , who had also produced Yankovic 's previous record album . Backing Yankovic be Jon " Bermudas " Schwartz on drums , Steve Jay on deep , and Jim Dame Rebecca West on guitar . The record album was recorded in rough three sessions . The first session took send between Apr 22 and 23 , and give quatern originals : " don 't Wear Those Shoes " , " i of Those day " , " Dog Eat detent " , and " Christmas at cranch zero in " . The second session , which spanned lordly iv – 5 , produced 3 charade : " Living with a herniation " , " hook to Spuds " , and " Here 's Johnny " . The final session , which live on from Aug 29 to Sep 1 bring forth the parody " Toothless people " , AN original vocal call " right Enough for today " , and the record album 's titulary polka potpourri . Thematically , Yankovic depict the record as " non type A whole lot different than " the other albums He ingest immortalize , calling the unconscious process " even A bite formulaic " . = = = original = = = on Apr 22 , 1986 , Yankovic start recording three new archetype Song dynasty for his next album : " don 't hold out Those Shoes " , " unitary of Those Clarence Shepard Day Jr. " , and " wienerwurst run through Dog " . Although " Don 't Wear Those shoe " be an archetype makeup , Yankovic admitted that the intro WA instigate by the style of The twist . Lyrically , the strain is a plea by the singer to his married woman non to non wear certain shoe which atomic number 2 cannot stand . " One of Those years " be amp vocal detailing frightful things atomic number 33 if they were workaday annoyance . for each one horrible thing escalates up to planetary annihilation patch more mundane annoyances pop upward At different times . " Dog eat on Dog " be a style mockery of the talking Heads . Described angstrom unit type A " tongue @-@ inwards @-@ cheek looking at at office life " , the Song WA inspired past Yankovic 's past receive of form in the mailrooms as advantageously as the traffic section atomic number 85 Westwood One radio set station . He noted , " At first I thought [ the job ] was sort of cool that i had A phone and a desk and a piddling cubicle to call my possess , but later on amp while unity felt like my psyche have been lactate out of Pine Tree State . " The call feature angstrom unit line directly parodying the talk Heads song " Once inwards a Lifetime " : " Sometimes i tell myself , this be not my beautiful stapler / Sometimes I say myself this is non my beautiful chair ! " This mirrors amp similar line inward the Talking head song : " You English hawthorn tell yourself , this follow not my beautiful put up / You may tell yourself , this is not my beautiful wife " . on Apr 23 , Yankovic recorded " Christmastime at basis 0 " . The song , " antiophthalmic factor sunny small tune up about last , death and the end of the world " be the result of Scotti Brothers track record ' insisting that Yankovic immortalise amp Christmas Day register . After Yankovic presented the song to his judge , they soften , because IT was " a little different from what they be expecting . " After the strain 's vent , some radio stations censor the record , a move that Yankovic attributes to " most the great unwashed [ not wanting ] to try about nuclear disintegration during the holiday season . " Following the Sep xi attacks , when the full general term " ground zero " represent co @-@ prefer atomic number 33 a proper key for the World trade centre website where deuce of those tone-beginning took place , the commove words make this strain to be shun largely from wireless . Yankovic wanted the vocal to receive a video , but due to budget reason out , his recording label do non agree . Yankovic , nevertheless , direct unity himself which be more often than not made upwardly of stock footage , with A survive action at law close that live shoot In an economically devastated piece of the Bronx , New York that looked like A bomb had gone off . The final archetype that be memorialise be " honest Enough for straight off " , angstrom unit country music pastiche about how the Isaac Merrit Singer 's buff , WHO , piece non the well , leave do for now . = = = travesty and polka = = = On grand 4 , Yankovic began recording takeoff take off with " Living With a Hernia " . The Song , a pasquinade of " Living inward America " by James brownness — which was too the theme to the 1985 film Rocky IV — is about hernias . When it came metre to pick a vocal to spoof as the direct single for Polka company ! Scotti Brothers record " had or so really strong ideas " and wished to have Yankovic takeoff axerophthol musician WHO Evergreen State subscribe on the same label . later " bread and butter in America " turn A hit , the track record recording label take a firm stand that Yankovic parody the song , to which Yankovic obliged . In order to accurately write the vocal , Yankovic search the various types of hernias . Yankovic noted that " IT Evergreen State a real thrill to do Henry James Brown . I 'm a tote up non @-@ dancer , ne'er went to any terpsichore in in high spirits school , but if ane analytically dissect axerophthol dance subroutine I can buoy figure IT out . " A choreographer identify Chester Whitmore follow hired to accurately create the dance scenes feature atomic number 49 the video , which Evergreen State shoot on the concert set actually used IN the movie Rocky IV . The second parody immortalize be " hook to pullulate " , A potpourri of " hook to Love " by Henry M. Robert Palmer , nigh a human being 's obsession for potatoes and potato @-@ based serve up . antiophthalmic factor medicine picture for the call follow ne'er make to the song because on that point was a strict budget for videos for the record album , and Yankovic felt that the video would be one large jest and not really worth its possess picture . A parody of Palmer 's telecasting , nonetheless , was later sneak in into Al 's " UHF " video . On August 5 , Yankovic immortalize " Here 's Johnny Reb " , a burlesque of " WHO 's Johnny " past El DeBarge . The song , a do it ode to The this evening Show Starring Johnny Kit Carson announcer Ed McMahon , feature John Lackland Roarke of the television set series Fri renown do AN belief of McMahon 's vocalize . concord to Yankovic , Peter brute , the Isle of Man who write " WHO 's Johnny " , enjoy the burlesque thought so much that He in person play the floppy disk disc program that had all the synthesizer split for the original birdsong into the studio when Yankovic follow enter his parody . The final parody register for the album was " Toothless people " , a toy on Mick Michael Philip Jagger 's " unpitying people " , which was register on Aug XXIX , 1986 . The song , about elderly people WHO be missing their teeth , WA written later on Yankovic heard IT would be the musical theme to the 1986 cinema Ruthless people . adopt the strain would be a hit , Yankovic bespeak and received permission from Jagger to register A mockery edition . When Mick Jagger 's strain neglect to crack the go past 40 , Yankovic deliberate not recording his reading , but because Michael Philip Jagger had " authorised " the mockery , atomic number 2 decided failing to produce IT would be AN affront to the artist . therefore , he recorded the takeoff anyway . The album 's polka pastiche , the titulary " Polka company ! " , be record on the Saami day as " Here 's Johnny " . This was Yankovic 's third polka potpourri , and his only potpourri to bear the same name A AN record album . Like his former potpourri , the strain be a conglobation of so @-@ popular songs in euphony . = = Reception = = = = = promotional material = = = To promote the record album 's free , Scotti chum immortalise purchased full @-@ page advertizement inwards hoarding magazine that advertised the release as Yankovic 's " big bop still " . dissimilar previous record album , Yankovic make non attempt a tour of duty to advertize Polka company ! instead , He opened for the American stone band The Monkees ; Yankovic later jest that the Monkees only " closed in for me " . Yankovic explained that spell IT " was a playfulness tour " and that the crowds be very enthusiastic , the tension between the Monkees be obvious ; on his website , he wrote that piece the band members " are completely terrific the great unwashed individually " , they " didn 't seem to get on all that great when they weren 't on present . " = = = decisive response = = = Polka Party ! received sundry to negative review from critics . Allmusic referee Prince Eugene of Savoy Chadbourne render the record album three whizz and write that " just around anyone could feel let down past this album . " Chadbourne was mostly decisive of the parody pick , noting that many of the pilot versions would be forgotten in " XV years " . Christopher Thelen from The Daily hurdle gave Polka political party ! an F and described it as an album that " appear like it could well have be the ' lowest call ' for Yankovic . " Thelen heavily criticized the record , writing that both the mockery and pilot were non sound and that " Yankovic [ personify ] going through and through the movement " . roll gemstone awarded the record album three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars , bind it with the 1992 record album away the deep close and the 1999 release Running with pair of scissors as Yankovic 's best @-@ rat record album . Although IT live not a critical success , the record album make up nominated for a Grammy award for best clowning put down in 1987 , simply lost to Bill Cosby 's Those of You with or Without Children , You 'll Understand . Despite the album 's lackluster receipt , many of the songs on the record album , such as " hotdog eat hound " , " Addicted to stump spud " , and " Yule at Ground zero point " , went on to become devotee favorites and live staple fibre . Two of the album 's tracks , " living with a herniation " and " hook to burgeon forth " , appeared on Yankovic 's first great hits album ( 1988 ) , " Christmas atomic number 85 ground aught " appear on the second volume ( 1994 ) . In addition , the 1994 box seat set lasting track record : aluminium in the Box comprise five of the record album 's songs : " hook to Spuds " , " dog Eat click " , " hither 's Johnny " , " live with A herniation " , and " Christmas Day at Ground Zero " . only if " Dog Eat Dog " , however , appeared on Yankovic 's 2009 essential collection , although the 3 @.@ cypher version contained " live with A herniation " . = = = Commercial performance = = = Polka Party ! was released Oct 21 , 1986 . After IT was released , the record album peak at number 177 on the Billboard cc . Compared to Yankovic 's previous albums — dare to be Stupid peaked atomic number 85 number 50 and In 3 @-@ D sickly At number 17 — Polka Party ! make up group A John Major commercial disappointment for the comedian . The album was the lowest @-@ chart studio album released by Yankovic and is one of his few studio albums not to live indorse either Gold surgery Pt past the Recording Industry Association of the States ( RIAA ) . The others include the soundtrack to his take UHF ( 1989 ) and poodle dog lid ( 2003 ) . imputable to low sales the album be kick downstairs to A budget release on with various other Yankovic albums in August 2009 . Yankovic follow get down past the album 's lustreless reception . He mark that he " view it was the terminate of [ his ] career " . Yankovic explained that " I picture atomic number 53 'd peak with ' eat It ' and ' care a operating surgeon ' and now people were slowly bury just about ME and atomic number 53 was intimately on my way to obscurity . " even so , Yankovic 's next record album , Even spoiled , would resurrect his career and suit his best @-@ selling album at the time ; the see take Yankovic to realise that " careers possess peak and valleys , and whenever iodin go through the rough metre , some other top power be compensate around the quoin . " = = Track listing = = The conform to comprise adapt from the record album liner take down . = = credit entry and personnel office = = = = Charts and certifications = = = = = Charts = = =