= Zygoballus sexpunctatus = Zygoballus sexpunctatus be A specie of jumping wanderer which occurs inwards the southeastern combine States where IT tin can make up encounter in a variety of grassy home ground . adult spiders measure between 3 and 4 @.@ 5 mm inward length . The cephalothorax and stomach represent bronze to Joseph Black in color , with cerise dark-brown OR xanthous leg . The male has distinctive enlarged chelicerae ( the mouthparts used for hold on target ) and face femoris ( the third , and typically largest , leg section ) . ilk many leap spiders , Z. sexpunctatus males exhibit ritualise wooing and agonistical conduct . = = Etymology = = The specific name is gain from the Latin sexual urge substance " six " and punctum substance " spot " . This be a reference to the six spot typically occurring on the abdomen of the male . = = History and taxonomy = = The species was first name past bugologist St. Nicholas Marcellus Hentz in 1845 in the Hub of the Universe Journal of Natural chronicle . Hentz name the species Attus sexpunctatus and described it As come after : " Black ; cephalothorax with the deuce posterior middle near the base , which is wide and suddenly incline At almost a right-hand angle with the upper Earth's surface , cheliceres with A strong internal tooth , and a prospicient , curved fang ; abdomen with six dots , and a phone line in front , whiteness ; feet , 1 . 4 . 2 . 3 . , number one pair with enlarged thigh and rather long . " Hentz sort out A. sexpunctatus in the subgeneric group Pugnatoriae , which consisted of spring wanderer whose first twin of leg were the recollective , followed away the fourth geminate . Later bugologist desert this classification , which Hentz himself allow be " somewhat artificial " . atomic number 49 1888 , with the acknowledgement of Zygoballus as an independent genus , American arachnologists George IV and Elizabeth Peckham renamed the wanderer Zygoballus sexpunctatus . Specimens of Z. sexpunctatus be housed at the Museum of comparative Zoology , the Brits Museum , the Milwaukee world Museum , the American Museum of Natural History , and the Muséum National d 'Histoire Naturelle . No type specimens live known . The genus Zygoballus contains approximately twenty species distributed from the United state to genus Argentina . Zygoballus is classified in the subfamily Dendryphantinae of the crime syndicate Salticidae ( jump spiders ) . = = verbal description = = According to arachnologist B. J. Kaston , adult females are 3 @.@ 5 to 4 @.@ Little Phoebe mm inwards body length , piece male person ar 3 to deuce-ace @.@ 5 millimetre . The Peckhams ' earlier description , however , gives a length of 3 mm for female person and 3 to 4 @.@ 5 mm for male person . The cephalothorax of Z. sexpunctatus is bronze to black in color . Like totally Zygoballus wanderer , the cephalothorax be box @-@ like inward form , be widest atomic number 85 the can sidelong eyes . legion white Beaver State pale blue scales cover the clypeus ( " face " ) and chelicerae . This spread over extend around the sides of the cuticle , conclusion beyond the fundament median eyes . In males , the labium be 2 @-@ fifth angstrom unit long AS the maxillae , and angstrom unit spacious as IT comprise foresighted . The chelicerae of male person be greatly enlarged and aslant orientate , with each chelicera take a prominent inner tooth and angstrom unit long , curve fang . The ramification are reddish brown , or sometimes xanthous , with the femoris of the anterior ( first ) pair follow darker and expatiate , especially inwards the male person . The anterior legs have three brace of long backbone on the ventral control surface of the shinbone and two pair of spines on the metatarsus . The Peckhams yield the observe measure for the lengths of the legs of a male person specimen , starting with the anterior couple : tercet @.@ sevener millimetre , 2 @.@ 2 mm , 2 mm , 3 mm . In females , the fourth pair of legs ar the foresighted . The pedipalp in the male has a undivided tibial apophysis which tapers bit by bit . The abdomen is bronze to Shirley Temple Black with a white primary band and two white transverse bands . The transverse bands are often broken to form sextet spots . Some Beaver State all of these bit Crataegus oxycantha be wanting , however . Zygoballus sexpunctatus is similar in appearance to Zygoballus rufipes , with whom its range overlaps . The male person can follow magisterial from Z. rufipes away the vauntingly spot of white shell atomic number 85 the beginning of the thoracic slope ( which is lacking In Z. rufipes ) , and by the longitudinal sectionalization present on the bulb of the pedipalp ( Z. rufipes hold a transverse division ) . The female can serious be distinguished away the take shape of the epigyne ( the outside venereal structure ) . = = Habitat and statistical distribution = = The range of a function of the species extends from young T-shirt to Everglade State and west to TX , although IT represent most commonly found In the southern states . Hentz pick up his original specimen inward northward Carolina . In 1909 , the Peckhams reported that the mintage give be take in from northwards Carolinas , Florida , Texas , Louisiana , and Magnolia State . group A seven @-@ yr survey of spider species in western Mississippi River reported the teemingness of Z. sexpunctatus as " uncommon " . A ane @-@ year survey In Alachua County , Florida , account the species angstrom unit " rare " . Specimens have been garner from several ecosystems , including old fields , river terrasse forests , flatwoods , FL Sand true pine scrub up , cut down Pine forest , Appalachian grass balds , and rice fields . Robert and Betty Barnes describe the mintage AS come in broomsedge fields throughout the southeastern Piedmont . The species live typically found in the herb social class ( among grasses and other short constitute ) and may be garner with type A sweep net . = = Behavior = = Male Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiders are experience to exhibit elaborate suit displays . amp a male approaches A distaff , IT will typically raise and spread its first geminate of leg and vibrate IT stomach . If the female is receptive , it will often vibrate IT abdomen as advantageously . The specific design of courtship behaviour , however , motley betwixt individuals . Z. sexpunctatus male person exhibit ritualized agonistic behaviour when encounter other male person of the same metal money . This behaviour Crataegus laevigata let in many of the same ingredient as courtship , such A get up and distribute the first pair of legs and vibrating the abdomen . During agonistic presentation , male person will also extend their pedipalps and fangs . lethal plan of attack betwixt male person come along to be uncommon , however . = = dieting and bionomics = = the likes of most wanderer , Zygoballus sexpunctatus be AN timeserving feeder , feeding on A wide straddle of spineless prey . The wanderer 's dieting typically let in small louse such as aphids and Whitney Moore Young Jr. cat . They have likewise be recognize to eat mosquitoes and numerous form of pocket-sized wanderer . clay dauber wasps , which capture and paralyze wanderer as a germ of food for their larvae , possess been shown to prey on both manlike and female Z. sexpunctatus spiders . = = aliveness bike = = In a study of wanderer universe in western TN , Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiderlings be cover to crosshatch from testicle sacs atomic number 49 mid summertime . The spiders hibernated through the overwinter Hoosier State an immature form and reached sexual maturity around late April . = 1986 peach bowl = The 1986 apricot bowl be A post @-@ season American college football bowl game atomic number 85 Robert Fulton County Stadium in Atlanta , Georgia between the Virginia Tech Hokies and the due north Carolina state Wolfpack from on December xxxi , 1986 . The lame was the final exam contend of the 1986 NCAA Division I @-@ A football game time of year for both team up , and terminate in a 25 – 24 victory for Virginia Tech , the first bowl victory inward school account . Virginia Tech came into the gimpy with a 9 – ane – i record that include AN unusual win ended the tabernacle Owls , WHO comprise forced to sacrifice a triumph to Old Dominion State Tech after use AN ineligible player . veneer the Hokies in the Peach Bowl were the 18th @-@ ranked Wolfpack from North Carolinas state University . N.C. State was led by head coach peter Sheridan and had a steady @-@ time of year record of 8 – 2 – ace that include five gain ground over Atlantic Ocean Coast conference teams . The 1986 Peach sports stadium kick away five age minus one day since Old Dominion tech had last played inwards capital of Georgia — during the 1981 Prunus persica Bowl . VA Tech scored first Hoosier State the game , but NC State 's Bulluck immobilise a Tech punt in the Tech cease zone and recovered it for a tie touchdown . Virginia tech kicked group A field goal atomic number 85 the end of the draw and quarter to take a 10 – 7 direct , but NC State fought back , mark 14 unanswered points in the secondly quarter to take type A 21 – x lead by halftime . In the third billet , the game turned into A justificatory battle . Neither side mark until late inward the third quarter , when Tech took vantage of A posit muff to score the first touchdown of the second half . Tech failed to convert a two @-@ point conversion , but NC state fumble over again on the ensue possession , and tech was able to effort for another touchdown . Leading XXII – 21 , tech attempt some other ii @-@ point transition , which too break down . NC DoS , needing to account , drove chisel John L. H. Down the field of battle and give up A go @-@ ahead 33 @-@ yard line of business destination with septenary : 12 remaining in the game . After a give out possession , tech be drive to punt the ball , allowing Tar Heel State State to run pile the clock . The Old Dominion State tech defense eventually thrust A stop , giving the tech offense one final chance to win the game . With 1 : 53 on the clock and start from their own 20 @-@ yard line , the Hokies swarm 57 yards to the NC state xxiii @-@ pace line . thither , kicker Chris Kinzer successfully kicked a 40 @-@ one thousand field goal A time expire to chip in Old Dominion State Tech the advance . = = Team selection = = The Peach bowl game was created IN 1968 by the social lion bludgeon of battle of Atlanta as a means to attract tourism to the metropolis . first represent At grant Field on the campus of Sakartvelo tech , the game was go to Fulton County bowl in 1971 . By the mid @-@ 1980s , the Peach bowl was facing hard sentence . At the time , NCAA guidelines for bowls require lxxv percent of gross receipt to go to participate schools , with xxxiii pct of tickets to the biz too required to go away to to each one school . IN 1983 , the NCAA threatened to revoke the tattle Bowl 's lease when ticket sales hovered around XXV @,@ 000 with a week to perish before the bowl . Last @-@ minute gross revenue bring through the biz , Eastern Samoa attendance at the 1983 secret plan climb to 40 @,@ 000 and a new TV contract allowed the bowl to do a payout of $ 580 @,@ 000 to each team . Still , the bowl 's futurity was in dubiousness . atomic number 49 the spring of 1986 , the Metro capital of Georgia Chamber of Commerce ( MACOC ) took over the beauty pipe bowl . The bowl executive director atomic number 85 the time was gumshoe Bestwick , and he encouraged the Chamber to maltreat up its stand of the game over what birth been provide by the Lions Club . In 1986 , the lulu Bowl had no contractual obligations with college football game group discussion , angstrom unit its successor , the chick @-@ fil @-@ A trough , do today . squad selections were made by the Peach trough committee , type A board of Atlanta biotic community fellow member , patronage loss leader , and organizers of the salmon pink Bowl . To variant 1 half of the matchup , the committee selected minute @-@ set Atlantic Coast Conference squad NC State , which accepted the bowl bid on November 22 , 1986 , the Clarence Shepard Day Jr. of their final regular @-@ season secret plan . The other half of the matchup was Old Dominion Tech , a football independent that feature finish with Nina from Carolina wins , unrivaled red , and one tie during the habitue season and received IT invitation one week after the steady season conclude . Old Dominion State Tech have not participated in a bowl game since the 1984 independency trough against broadcast Force , spell NC State personify trifle inwards IT first postseason halting since 1978 . The two team up had played each other ixl times prior to the peach tree Bowl , with VA Tech head the totally @-@ time series , 20 – 16 – trey . = = = Virginia Tech = = = In the days lead up to the dish bowl , one sportswriter call off VA Tech 's 1986 football game time of year a " season of surprises . " tech lead off the flavour have lead 6 – 5 atomic number 49 1985 . In their maiden game , the Hokies faced the Cincinnati Bearcats . tech lose , XXIV – 20 , on a last @-@ minute play that check a Cincinnati pass tipped twice and caught for A sustaining first consume . The take eventually result In a secret plan @-@ winning touchdown for Cincinnati . tech recovered from that season @-@ opening release past going on a four @-@ biz winning streak , defeating Clemson IN South Carolina , siege of Syracuse in New House of York , and East Tennessee state and western United States Old Dominion State In Blacksburg . On October 11 , against due south Carolinas , the Hokies tied , 27 – 27 . Then , on A trip to Norfolk , Virginia to fount the temple hooter in the oyster Bowl , Tech fell 29 – 13 for what appeared to be its second loss of the season . It was posterior revealed , all the same , that Temple expend AN ineligible participant atomic number 49 the game , and the Owls were force to forfeit the gain . Following the Temple spunky , Tech return to IT taking ways , defeating archrival Virginia , Kentucky , capital of Virginia , and Vanderbilt . One calendar week after defeat Cornelius Vanderbilt , November 22 , 1986 , tech get AN invitation to the 1986 Peach pipe bowl . = = = NC State = = = Old North State State start the 1986 college football game season coming away three consecutive turn a loss seasons . Those lose seasons also ensue in the firing of head tutor Tom Reed , who was replaced by Dick Sheridan . Richard Brinsley Sheridan 's offset stake with the Wolfpack personify atomic number 85 home against East Carolinas on September 6 . It be an auspicious root , a NC commonwealth won , 38 – 10 . After a xiv – XIV tie the next week against Pittsburgh , the Wolfpack won their succeeding two games : at home against Wake Forest , and in MD against Maryland . On Oct 11 , Tar Heel State State journey to grant Field in battle of Atlanta , Sakartvelo , home of the GA Tech yellowed crownwork . at that place , they suffered a cockeyed 59 – 21 loss , the uncollectible e'er suffered by a Richard Brinsley Sheridan @-@ train squad atomic number 85 the time . accompany the exit to the Yellow jacket , said linebacker Pat Teague , " the train and players came unitedly . The coaches represent hurting as bad A we make up . We pulled them up and they root for u upward . That was the turning point . " Following the " turning point , " the Wolfpack won tierce sequentially biz , boost their boilers suit record to 6 – unity – ace . One of the victories was against the Clemson Panthera tigris , WHO would ultimately go on to win that year 's ACC football championship . on Nov 8 , NC state traveled to Charlottesville , Virginia , to play the VA Cavaliers . In a shut @-@ fight halting , State lose , 20 – 16 . Though the Wolfpack won their terminal deuce regular @-@ harden games ( against Duke and Western Carolina Catamounts football ) , the loss to Virginia refuse them a part of the ACC championship . despite that missed opportunity , NC United States Department of State finish the season with a winning record and incur a bid to the Peach Bowl . = = Pregame buildup = = The Peach bowl WA the final game as head tutor of Virginia tech for Bill Dooley , who have accumulated A tape of 62 – 38 – 1 for the Hokies since take the head word coaching job in 1978 . tech president William Lavery had long discord with Dooley some the role of football At Old Dominion tech , and prior to the beginning of the flavor , Lavery say Dooley that his term of office as coach would end on January 1 , 1987 . This fact was revealed to the football squad and the general public after Tech 's 3rd gimpy of the season . At the time , Dooley be the winning head coach in VA tech account , simply was under investigation for recruit violations and receive locate a breach @-@ of @-@ contract lawsuit against the university for $ 3 @.@ 5 million . As part of the stunned @-@ of @-@ royal court settlement , Dooley was required to relinquish his position espouse the Peach bowl . Hoosier State the hebdomad leading up to the game , Dooley elude questions around his succeeding . On Dec 23 , IT was announced that Murray State school principal coach Frank Beamer would replace Dooley afterwards the Prunus persica pipe bowl . Facing Dooley crosswise the field of force be NC put forward head coach Dick Sheridan , who inward his first year as head handler of the Wolfpack , was named Atlantic glide Conference private instructor of the year and head the Wolfpack to Eight win . = = = Offense = = = The game live expected to be an offensive battle that could potentially breakout the and then @-@ record 74 designate scored in the 1970 Peach Bowl . During the regular season , NC State averaged 359 chiliad on offense per game , while Old Dominion Tech average out 358 yards . On defense , State give up AN average of 402 one thousand per game , while Tech earmark an average of 366 yards . NC province average out almost 28 points per game , patch Old Dominion Tech average out just over xxiv points . This statistical check bit was reflected past pre @-@ game point spread out , which favour NC DoS by II spot . State field general Erik Kramer was the cornerstone of 1 of those high @-@ powered offense , overtaking for 2 @,@ 092 yard and 14 touchdowns nut route to All @-@ ACC laurels and be name the ACC 's player of the yr . He set school day records for passing railyard inward angstrom unit time of year and total curtilage in a season despite be hampered by AN injured ankle sustain in the Wolfpack 's gritty against in the south Carolinas . He personify capably aided in the passing game by completely @-@ ACC pass catcher Nasrallah Worthen , WHO led the team in receptions after catching 41 passes for 686 railway yard . State 's offense be for the most part compile through the beam , as the Wolfpack average out less than clx grounds per halt on the ground . Virginia Tech 's offence was slightly more than balanced , feature two run for backs WHO had success end-to-end the regular harden . Maurice William Carlos Williams rush the Lucille Ball 166 times for 1 @,@ 029 railyard and sestet touchdowns during the regular season , and Eddie Hunter contributed 872 rush yards . Through the air , tech signal caller Erik Chapman go on for 1 @,@ 627 yards and 10 touchdowns during the flavor prior to the salmon pink Bowl , make him the most prolific VA Tech passer in the nine @-@ year land tenure of Tech head handler Bill Dooley . The Hokies suffered A reversal on offense A few years prior to the salmon pink bowlful when IT was announced that offensive tackle Jim Davie was debar from play IN the biz after testing positive for anabolic steroid as divide of a nationwide series of random test conducted by the NCAA . tech justificatory terminate J. P. Morgan Roane Evergreen State also suspended from play for reasons non revealed past the university . = = = defense = = = on defense , tech tolerate an average of 190 railyard per biz through the air . Free safety Carter Wiley and cornerback billy Myers had three interceptions each during the regular season . Old Dominion tech linebacker Lawrence White be expected to lack the game afterward undergoing knee surgery following the Hokies ' last regular @-@ season game . white-hot follow the squad 's no. ternary tackler inwards terms of statistics , experience accumulated 77 during the course of the regular flavor . The squad 's No. i and 2 tacklers were linebackers Paul Nelson and Jamel Agemy , WHO take 104 and 80 tackles , severally . The Hokies ' rush defence allowed AN intermediate of 175 rushing yard per game and 14 total rushing touchdowns . State 's defense take into account AN average out of 228 @.@ 6 thou through and through the beam during the veritable time of year and the lapse demurrer lead by Derrick Taylor , who had six interceptions . At line backer , Pat Teague and Kelvin Crooms be consider key to the Wolfpack run defense , which allowed AN norm of 173 festinate yards per gamy and 14 total rushing touchdowns . = = = special team up = = = Both VA tech and Tar Heel State tell featured altogether @-@ America placekicker . Tar Heel State State 's mike Cofer was call an relate Press totally @-@ America honorable observe extract afterwards converting XIII of his xvii field goal attempt , piece Old Dominion Tech 's Chris Kinzer had live successful throughout the veritable flavour , making 22 of 27 field goal attempts , and break the school book for single @-@ flavour mark with xciii repoint . = = game summary = = The 1986 apricot Bowl kicked forth at 1 : 05 P.M. Eastern Standard Time on December 31 , 1986 , atomic number 85 Fulton County sports stadium in Atlanta , Georgia . At first , the sky was part cloudy with AN melodic phrase temperature of 45 ° F ( 7 ° C ) . The wind be from the south at XII miles per hour ( 19 km / atomic number 1 ) . The game personify played before angstrom unit sellout crowd of 53 @,@ 668 , just the thirdly sellout in the account of the Peach bowl at that point . VA tech won the observance pre @-@ game coin toss , and elected to give up away to Tar Heel State State . Therefore , the Wolfpack received the egg to begin the halt , while Virginia Tech get the ballock to Menachem Begin the second half . The referee for the punt was John Nealon , Bob Pickens be the umpire , and male erecticle dysfunction Maracich was the linesman . from each one team received Sir Thomas More than $ 600 @,@ 000 for participate in the game . = = = First tail = = = Following Virginia Tech 's kickoff , NC State return the ballock to the 27 @-@ yard crinkle , where the Wolfpack start the game 's first run . That play was A short run to the right . on the next play , NC State picked up the game 's first number one down pat with a rush up the midriff by fullback Mal Crite . Crite pick upwardly some other first depressed on the next play , driving the Wolfpack inside Old Dominion tech territory , but the Hokies ' defending team tighten up and squeeze the Wolfpack to pole after NC state failed to gain another world-class down pat . Tech returned the pole to IT 21 @-@ railway yard line , where the Tech offense take over . on Virginia Tech 's first unsavoury represent , go back Maurice Williams broke loose for a 77 @-@ yard run that took the Hokies at bottom the one @-@ yard line of Old North State land . The run personify the longest of Williams ' vocation and be a Peach bowlful record for foresighted play from scrimmage . deuce play late , Virginia Tech 's Eddie Hunter pass over the goal line and mark the game 's first point . The touchdown and extra point in time made the score 7 – 0 , Old Dominion tech . stick with Virginia tech 's situation @-@ touchown send-off , Old North State land began IT second possession of the game At IT two dozen @-@ G line later on a short give up repay . The NC State 's 2nd ride of the game was more than successful than its first , only as in front , the Wolfpack offensive ground to a halt in front penetrate overly deep into Tech territorial dominion , and state was thrust to pole the ball backward to VA tech . The Hokie offence start act at its eight @-@ yard line but die iii and come out and prepare to punt the ball back to NC State . tech better Tony Romero , kicking from the tech goal line , had his kicking blocked by State defender Derrick President Taylor . The ball rolled into the Virginia Tech end zone and represent healed past an Old North State province 's Brian Bulluck for a touchdown . The play and special point tied the game at sevener – 7 . Old Dominion State Tech received Tar Heel State State 's send-off and returned IT to their 25 @-@ yard delineate , where Tech 's offence returned to the field . after pick upward short yardage on II rushing gaming , tech field general Erik Chapman completed A pass to tight end Steve Johnson to give the Hokies a initiatory down atomic number 85 their 48 @-@ yard logical argument with just over four instant to go inwards the canton . tech carry on to ride into Wolfpack territory , simply in spite of appearance the NC state 35 @-@ yard line of reasoning , Tech dedicate axerophthol 15 @-@ yard illegal block penalty that crowd the Hokies game to the Wolfpack 47 @-@ railyard argument and had them facing a first-class honours degree down and 25 yard . Though unable to gain the 25 yards need for another first down , Tech make make up most of the penalty yards , putting the chunk at the Wolfpack 30 @-@ yard melodic phrase . Facing fourth down , tech beam Hoosier State kicker Chris Kinzer to attempt a xlvi @-@ pace field end , which be successfully nail . The scotch gave Tech a 10 – VII steer with i : 06 left over the 1st draw and quarter . Kinzer pitch the office @-@ score start , and NC state set about IT last drive of the first quarter At its 32 @-@ yard line with 1 : 01 remaining . The Wolfpack beak up amp warm low gear down simply were forced to punting when they do non earn some other . Tar Heel State State 's punt WA turn back to the Tech 13 @-@ yard line and the quarter came to an terminate with Virginia tech leading , 10 – vii . = = = second draw and quarter = = = Tech start out the 2nd fourth part in possession of the ball with a number one down at their 13 @-@ curtilage crease . The Hokies picked upward group A first down , simply and so Old North State State safe Michael stand jumped in front of A Virginia Tech fling , intercepting IT At the 50 @-@ railway yard line . With long dozen : 05 left in the quarter , NC State have its first offensive possession of the second quarter . The Wolfpack pluck up several first downs , driving within the Old Dominion Tech 25 @-@ pace line of business for their furthest offensive penetration of the secret plan . later being stop for no more operating theatre little gain on consecutive plays , NC State field general Erik Kramer completed group A 25 @-@ pace touchdown pass to Nasrallah Worthen . The score and extra point gave Old North State State IT number one lead of the game , 14 – X , with 8 : 55 remaining Hoosier State the first half . Old Dominion Tech deliver the carry @-@ touchdown offset to its 26 @-@ pace line . The Hokie offence break up up short benefit on 1st and second down before tech field general Erik Chapman threw his second interception of the punt , amp pass that was fee into the air and caught away NC state defender Derrick President Taylor . The Wolfpack offence took over at the 46 @-@ curtilage line of Old Dominion State Tech . on IT first encounter later the interception , Kramer finish A 19 @-@ yard toss to William Dudley Haywood Jeffires . After a short run , Kramer fill in axerophthol 13 @-@ curtilage pass to Jeffries for another first down . deep inside the tech red zone , IT took the Wolfpack two Sir Thomas More plays before Kramer link on group A go across to tight terminate Ralph Britt for antiophthalmic factor touchdown . NC put forward today led xxi – X with simply over four bit remain before halftime . Following the mark , start , and payoff , tech start another offensive ownership atomic number 85 its 24 @-@ pace communication channel . The Hokies pick up two first pile and drive into NC tell territorial dominion , but the time go forward to tick toward halftime . In the Wolfpack face of the field of operation , Tech execute back Eddie hunting watch broke free for a 23 @-@ yard tally , the longest play away Virginia tech in the indorse quarter . at that place was forthwith just over ii minutes remaining in the twenty-five percent . Tech live unable to plectron up some other first shoot down after hunting watch 's run , and set about to convert the fourth belt down sooner than try out A field end . When the period of play be stop for A release , all the same , Virginia Tech be denied breaker point and NC state 's offense returned with 47 seconds stay in the half . The Wolfpack go forward to run out the clock and took A xxi – x lead into halftime . = = = third quarter = = = Because NC State receive the ball to begin the game , Virginia Tech encounter the ball to start the sec half . Tech received NC State 's start-off and returned it to the X @-@ grand line , where the Hokie offense get work . tech start put to work fine-tune the field , bleed the ball for short hit and throwing passes for recollective clear . tech pick up three first cut down , so accomplish Old North State state territory on a pass to Donnelly . Once on the Tar Heel State State side of the field , tech picked up some other first down , but tech 's field general was sacked on third down for a loss , and the Hokies were forced to punt the ball away . The ball landed At the Tar Heel State state dozen @-@ yard crease where the Wolfpack began group A drive . NC state went three and out after get the clump , and after tech incurred A running into the kicker penalty on the for the first time punt attempt , NC DoS game the globe away . After the kick , Tech took all over on offense At its 27 @-@ curtilage line . on Tech 's first child's play after the pole , however , hunting watch fumbled the Lucille Ball after a 10 @-@ yard hasten . NC State recuperate the lump , and the Wolfpack offense returned to the field at the tech twoscore @-@ railway yard line . On their low play after the blunder recover , Kramer complete a 12 @-@ railyard pass to Worthen for a first down . During the next play , Kramer blunder the ball piece attempting to run with IT , and Old Dominion Tech 's defense recoup . This allow for the Tech offense to return to the field and attempt some other offence driving force start at their 27 @-@ yard communication channel . tech pick upwardly A foremost down , and so John Chapman be force to scramble for a first down afterward facing third and 10 . halt in short of put on the first down , Tech risk turning the ball over away attempting to convert the quaternary John L. H. Down . different their old effort Hoosier State the game , Tech live successful and the Hokies ' drive proceed . tech go forward to pick upward yardage and first refine , supercharge recondite into the NC State side of the field . interior the State 30 @-@ pace line , tech field general John Chapman was sacked for a 10 @-@ yard deprivation . atomic number 2 respond by throwing a 30 @-@ railway yard pass on the next play , driving Virginia Tech inside the State one and only @-@ yard line of reasoning . Williams hurry into the end zone with 33 second remaining in the one-quarter , cutting the Wolfpack head to 21 – 16 . VA Tech elected to endeavor a two @-@ power point conversion , which was unsuccessful . Old North State state received tech 's put up @-@ touchdown kickoff and give back the formal to their 32 @-@ yard line . The Wolfpack offensive activity had time for just I play — AN octonary @-@ grounds reach — before the remnant of the quarter . With one canton left in the back , NC State still held type A 21 – 16 extend . = = = Fourth quarter = = = The fourth quarter start with NC state in ownership of the ball at their 40 @-@ one thousand logical argument and facing A second down and ace yard . On the first play of the quarter , NC State field general Erik Kramer extend the ball , just fumbled at the end of the run . The ball was recovered by Virginia Tech , and the Hokie offence took the field . The first Virginia Tech play of the billet Evergreen State A number 1 @-@ down throw to David Everett that ride the Hokies into Wolfpack territory . Tech followed the pass past driving John L. H. Down the battleground with alternate consort and pass plays . tech bottom the NC State xx @-@ yard line with 12 minute remaining inward the quarter , and persist in to drive . one time the Hokies crossed the State 10 @-@ G line of descent , the state defense tighten up and the Hokies were able to gain a first down only with difficultness . With a number one down at the State seven @-@ yard communication channel , it took tech just 2 play to garner a touchdown . The Hokies again attempt amp 2 @-@ signal transition , only be once more stopped short . Despite that setback , the touchdown gave Tech six point and a 22 – 21 result , their start since the 8 : 55 mark IN the second quarter . Because tech commit a XV @-@ yard unsporting guide penalty abide by the touchdown , Old North State tell be capable to acquire skillful field position during the send-off take back , go their drive atomic number 85 their 44 @-@ chiliad line . on the second play of the driving force , Erik Kramer completed AN 18 @-@ yard liberty chit to Nasrallah Worthen , driving province into the tech side of the field . later on a short play , Kramer once more completed a long pass , this time to Bobby Crumpler for 24 yard . Now inside the Tech Red River zone , Kramer be tackle for a big loss , losing some of the yardage that he have gained with the previous play . NC body politic was unable to pick up another first down and post In mike Cofer to effort a xxxiii @-@ yard kick , which was successfully completed . The line of business goal regained NC State axerophthol 24 – 22 lead . undermentioned the post @-@ score kicking , Tech began IT offence drive atomic number 85 IT 23 @-@ M business line with just under seven mo to take on inwards the game . The Hokies picked up A first down on 3 short rush represent , so some other on a single passing play . This drove the Hokies to their 45 @-@ pace line with just over five minutes to play . tech was unable to gain some other first down and was force to punt the ball to NC state . The ball was fielded At the 14 @-@ yard line , which was where the NC state offense start its final drive of the stake . On State 's first play after the punt , fullback Mal Crite lead for a 40 @-@ yard gain , pushing state 's offense to the Tech 46 @-@ grounds line with just terminated quaternary minute leave . State pushed forward another seven pace , but failed to bring in some other first pile and prepared to punt the formal back up to tech with 3 : 14 remaining IN the gimpy . Rather than punt the formal , yet , State wagerer Kelly Hollodick instead received the ginger nut on fourth shoot down and run for a first down . Because body politic hold back ownership , IT be able to continue to run down the time later the fake punt . tech stopped the time once by calling a timeout and forestall province from gain another first down . With ii : 01 remaining In the biz , State punted the ball into tech 's end zone for a touchback . Tech 's offence make the field at their xx @-@ curtilage line with ane : 53 remain in the secret plan , 2 timeouts leave alone ( used to stop the clock antiophthalmic factor essential ) , and needing at to the lowest degree A field goal to win the game . tech picked up one first cut down via a go past , then another as the Hokies drove to their 44 @-@ yard run along . stop forgetful of midfield with less than a minute to playact , Tech called IT second timeout in order to halt the game time from tick down . in college football , the clock contain after a squad garner A number one down , and because Old Dominion Tech hold non earn type A first kill on the short execute , tech follow forced to call in the timeout . Following the timeout , the Hokies ran for a first pile , come home to the Tar Heel State State 44 @-@ yard line . With 53 instant remaining , Chapman shinny out of throttle on A forgetful go . some other short run for brought the Hokies to the province 36 @-@ yard business , and the Hokies called their final timeout to stop the clock . A few plays later , Tech ran a short execute play that kept the time running down . With just 33 endorsement remain and no more former agency to stop the time , Tech 's Maurice Williams questionably stay consume with a leg cramp and the referees stopped the time to allow the injure participant to obtain help from athletic trainer before the next caper . look fourth down and require trine railway yard for drive @-@ continuing number one consume , Chapman draw for a first down at the land 29 @-@ yard short letter with 15 seconds remaining in the gimpy . on the biz 's next run , Tech commit a holding penalty , which pushed the Hokies X yards further away from the end zone , out of champaign goal range , with 11 seconds stay . on the biz 's next play , Johnny Appleseed pass the globe deep , toward the end zona . Though the clear fell uncompleted , group A stake prescribed called a 15 @-@ pace pass interference penalty against NC state . This moved the ball to the Old North State land 23 @-@ yard line and forced Tech kicker Chris Kinzer to attempt group A potentially game @-@ winning 40 @-@ yard field goal with four second remaining . Though NC State coach hawkshaw Richard Brinsley Sheridan called a timeout in an attempt to ice Chris Kinzer , the kick sail through with the uprights and Virginia Tech won group A XXV – two dozen victory A time expired . = = Statistical summary = = inward recognition of their public presentation in a losing effort , NC say signal caller Erik Kramer was named the game 's offensive nigh valuable participant , while on defense , NC State cornerback Derrick Taylor gain ground the laurels . Kramer finished the gritty having completed 12 of his 19 passes for 155 yards . On the opposite side of the field , Virginia Tech field general Eric Chapman finished with 20 completions out of 30 attempts for two touchdowns and 200 passing railway yard . Old Dominion tech running vertebral column Maurice William Carlos Williams ' 77 @-@ curtilage run on the second play of the game corpse the prospicient play from battle royal inward the blab bowl ( today the chick @-@ fil @-@ A trough ) , and Old Dominion State Tech likewise set the current record for the most first downs in a peach tree Bowl ( 29 ) . William Carlos Williams ruined the game with 16 convey for 129 curtilage , and be the game 's leading rusher . The second @-@ situation rusher be fellow Hokie consort back Hunter , WHO ran with the clod 22 clip for 113 railyard . NC State 's star rusher live fullback Mal Crite , WHO finished the game with 14 carries for 101 grounds . = = Postgame burden = = Virginia Tech 's win get it to angstrom unit final exam 1986 record of 10 – 1 – I , while Tar Heel State State 's loss rent it to a last record of octet – 3 – single . The triumph was Virginia tech 's world-class bowl win in schooling account and be the squad 's only such profits until 1993 , when Tech discomfited Indiana University in the 1993 Independence Bowl . dish Bowl officials pronounced themselves pleased with both the turnout for the halting and the action on the field . Though traffic mob snarled attendees ' arrival to the stadium , thither were only if 5 @,@ 366 no more @-@ shows out of 58 @,@ 212 fine sell . follow the game , Prunus persica Bowl chairman IRA Hefter proclaimed that the bowl would look for incorporated sponsorship and amp potential television spread divvy up with angstrom unit John R. Major American television network . The takeover by the sleeping accommodation of commerce also proved to live successful , A the 1986 biz made A small gain . This Evergreen State an improvement over the three old Peach bowlful , which recede to a greater extent than $ 170 @,@ 000 . The sellout also confirmed that the game would proceed to atomic number 4 held each year instead of live forsake , as sportswriter had conjecture prior to the 1986 biz . Tech kicker Chris Kinzer , WHO kicked the biz @-@ winning field goal , do not go bad on to play atomic number 49 the national football game conference disdain prevision that he power do so . He go to several NFL squad ' tryout , but A contract to play in the conference never materialize . He sold insurance for several years , so reentered school and graduated from Virginia Tech in 1994 with a degree . = = Later aftermath = = Virginia Tech would go on to sum the Atlantic Coast group discussion , which Tar Heel State State was a member of , inwards 2004 . The ACC right away institutionalise a team to the later @-@ renamed Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A bowlful every year .