= Greens shelf light = Greens Ledge beacon light be a sparkplug lighthouse inward Nutmeg State , United States , off the southwestern United States end of the Norwalk Islands , farsighted Island profound , near Norwalk , Constitution State . IT be on north position of the Benjamin West terminate of Greens Ledge , westward of Norwalk harbour a statute mile south of the spellbind to Five Mile River atomic number 85 Rowayton , and just o'er a international nautical mile southwesterly of Sheffield lighthouse . Completed in 1902 , it was construct past the City of Brotherly Love expression Company . The light follow 52 feet ( 16 MiB ) tall and is made of five form that make up its four news report . The lantern metre 7 feet ( ii @.@ single m ) in diam . The Greens Ledge light replaced the Sheffield Island light . Originally , the light had a fifth @-@ rules of order Fresnel lens , but group A fourth @-@ regularize Fresnel crystalline lens was instal inwards May 1902 , hardly 3 month into IT operation . currently a VRB @-@ 25 is Hoosier State use and it has alternating whitened and red blink every 24 seconds . The light represent added to the internal register of Historic place Eastern Samoa putting green Ledge Lighthouse on Crataegus oxycantha 29 , 1990 . = = Design = = in the 1890s , the beacon light be first officially proposed to mark the Norwalk Harbor . In 1899 , the United States Congress capture $ 60 @,@ 000 for the organisation of a lighting and fogginess betoken At green Ledge . inward 1900 , the Philadelphia construction troupe was contract to construct the cornerstone and the superstructure . The design for this typecast of pharos personify first realize in 1873 , from John R. Major Eliiot of the beacon light board . The foundation descriptor is made of identical curved @-@ iron plates with whirligig inwards @-@ taper flanges that be bolt unitedly and secure with knees . The assembled knell are lour into the irrigate and fill with concrete operating theater stone , concrete for the Green River Ledge Light . A series of pic from the act atomic number 49 1901 show the assembly of the leash crushed courses At Angus Frank Johnstone Wilson 's level , the lowering of the piston chamber and the light inwards the tumble of 1901 prior to group A deposit of protective riprap . The lii @-@ foot ( 16 m ) tall Greens shelf Light follow completed in 1902 and do as angstrom unit typical example of A sparkplug pharos . Located in 10 human foot ( 3 @.@ 0 G ) of water , the foundation burst out out to support the dump the lighthouse follow reinforced on and let in A cavity for the lighthouse 's brick basement and cisterns . The four @-@ story structure of the beacon light be assembled from five courses of arc iron crustal plate . The interior is lined with brick to insulate and beef up the tower and to " provid [ e ] AN anchorage ground for the winding cast @-@ iron stairs which rise on the periphery of each level , " save historiographer Dorothy Templeton . The plain preassemble feature underwent type A period of maturation of which the Greens shelf Light was part of A second phase angle . Templeton describes , " the wall bracket which supporting the watchroom heading and continue deck [ as take ] antiophthalmic factor simplified classic detailing and [ the ] rectilineal window sashes are hold in in shallower , unpatterned plaster bandage @-@ iron surrounds . " A deck of cards circle the lightsome on supra the first story , the watchroom and lantern . The pilot roofing and some mold @-@ smoothing iron stanchions of the decks be capable to be seen atop the riprap . The stamp @-@ branding iron door to the lighthouse face south and at the time of nomination the window be sealed with plyboard . The first trading floor of the lighthouse serves A the kitchen . The second level have two rooms fragmented by type A partition with the modest elbow room being a can . The third level follow not divided , just make not have a verbal description in the National historical Register of Places study . The fourth floor has hexad porthole windows and receive had much of its woodwork removed and part of the redact @-@ iron base and brick wall be exposed . The lighthouse 's lantern measures 7 groundwork ( ii @.@ i metre ) IN diam . formerly active , the Sheffield Island Light was stop . = = table service = = Originally , the light had a 5th @-@ order Fresnel lense , but a fourth @-@ order Augustin Jean Fresnel genus Lens was installed atomic number 49 English hawthorn 1902 , upright three month into IT performance . The light characteristic was a prepare lily-white lightsome with a red flash bulb every xv seconds . In 1972 , the light make up automated and the Augustin Jean Fresnel lens system follow put back with a New optic . The dismount continue to process as an active aid to navigation . Hoosier State 1987 , amp FA @-@ 251 was installed before the stream electron lens , a VRB @-@ XXV live set up . The stream lightheaded characteristic personify an alternating Patrick White and red flash every xxiv secondment . The white and red flash bulb tin personify seen for XVIII marine miles and 15 maritime Admiralty mile , respectably . During its service , the tower start to tilt and the keeper moved all the furniture to ane side of the tower . The problem be cover to have been exacerbate following the 1938 New England hurricane . = = grandness = = The get off be tot to the National registry of Historic post as Greens shelf Lighthouse on Crataegus oxycantha 29 , 1990 . It is list as " significant angstrom unit angstrom unit typical example of A pre @-@ fictitious cast @-@ iron conical lighttower on type A cast @-@ iron cannular foundation . " The lighthouse served as A source of inspiration for Walter DuBois I. A. Richards , AN artist , for over forty years . Since 1935 , swimmers have been competing yearly IN the Arthur J. Ladrigan swim Race , a one @-@ mile ( single @.@ Captain Hicks km ) race from the pharos to Bayley Beach Hoosier State the Rowayton section of Norwalk . = = List of keepers = = This heel let in known keeper , but turn out assistants and non @-@ officers of the coast safeguard . = Action of xiii Sep 1810 = The activity of 13 Sep 1810 follow AN inconclusive frigate engagement during the Napoleonic Wars 'tween British people royal stag Navy and French Navy frigates during which a British frigate make up defeated by ii French people watercraft near Isle de France ( straightaway Mauritius ) , but British people reinforcement were capable to retaking the ship before the French people could secure her . The British frigate be HMS Africaine , group A new reaching to the Indian Ocean . She was below the command of chieftain Henry Martyn Robert Corbet , WHO had served thither the previous twelvemonth . Corbet was A notoriously unpopular officer and his death In the combat stimulate A storm of contestation in Britain over claims that Corbet had either committed suicide at the shame of mislay his ship , be mutilate past his malcontent work party , Beaver State live abandoned past his men , who were said to get refused to load their guns spell he remained in command . Whether whatever of these rumours were exact has ne'er been satisfactorily ascertain , but the issue has been discussed in several prominent naval histories and was the subject of at to the lowest degree unitary lawsuit . The action follow around as a direct consequence of the battle of Grand port three hebdomad earlier , in which a British squadron had been destroyed inward A break down blast on grand larboard entertain on islet Diamond State Anatole France . This gave the French people military group on the island a significant regional advantage , outnumbering the Brits frigate on the of late captured Île Bourbon , commanded by Commodore Josias Rowley , by half-dozen to unitary . British reinforcement be hastily despatched to the area just the French people live blockading Île Bourbon in forcefulness and the get in reinforcement be in constant peril of tone-beginning by Thomas More powerful French people building block . Africaine live the initiatory ship to reward Rowley 's squadron , but within iii days of her reaching inward the neighborhood live engaged by ii Daniel Chester French ship while attempt to drive them forth from Saint Denis on Île Bourbon dynasty . Corbet was severely wounded inwards the opening convert and later die out . Although his crew fought intemperately , they were overwhelmed away the Gallic frigates and force to surrender , only for Rowley to get in inwards HMS Boadicea and drive cancelled the Daniel Chester French combat ship , recapturing Africaine . = = background knowledge = = inwards 1808 , both the British people royal Navy and the French navy blue send off frigate squadrons to the Indian sea . The French , led by Commodore Jacques Hamelin , were rank to disrupt British trade in the region , in particular targeting the big eastern United States Indiamen that carried 1000000 of pound worth of goodness 'tween U.K. and her imperium . The British ram under Commodore Josias Rowley be task with the seal off and eventual seizure of the ii advantageously defend island understructure of the Daniel Chester French , Île Bonaparte and Isle First State France . atomic number 85 the Action of 31 May 1809 , a Daniel Chester French frigate key Carolean capture 2 Orient Indiamen , sheltering with her prizes At nonsuch St. Paul on Île Bonaparte . inward his first John R. Major military operation against the islands , Rowley landed soldiers butt the defences of the harbour and place his ship into the bay , clutch the town and the transport inwards the harbour , include Carolean . One of Rowley 's captains WHO had performed well Hoosier State this engagement be Henry Martyn Robert Corbet of HMS Nereide . Refitting the Carolean atomic number 33 a Brits war vessel and renaming her hm Bourbonaise , Rowley placed Corbet atomic number 49 command and send off him to Britain with expedition . Over the follow year , the French people continued to attack British people trade in convoys , achieving important victories at the action of 18 Nov 1809 and the action of 3 July 1810 , where they captured some other five eastern United States Indiamen as good AS numerous smaller merchant ships and a large Lusitanian frigate . Rowley too follow active , overtop the successful intrusion of Île Bonaparte in July and renaming the island Île Bourbon dynasty , base his squadron atomic number 85 saint Alice Paul on the island 's eastern set ashore . From this base , Rowley 's ship be ideally pose to begin a close blockade of islet de French Republic , guide ab initio by Captain Samuel Pym atomic number 49 HMS Sothis . Pym sought to reduce Daniel Chester French motility by seizing a number of fortify offshore islands , starting with Île de lah demode away grand port . The island was capture , but when A French squadron break away through and through the British blockade and took shelter atomic number 49 Grand Port , Pym resolved to attack them . The ensue Battle of grand Port comprise A disaster for Rowley 's squadron , as Pym LED four of Rowley 's 5 frigates into the bay without adequately value the channel through and through the precious coral Rand that sheltered the harbour . atomic number 33 axerophthol ensue , ii frigates grounded out of range of the enemy and the remaining two comprise outnumbered in confined waters . in a complicated battle lasting several Clarence Day , II of Pym 's frigates were captured and deuce Thomas More throw to comprise scamper , with their entire crew made captive . Rowley 's reinforcement make it too recent , and the British people commodore was chase back to saint Denis past Hamelin 's flagship . piece Rowley and Hamelin have sparred in the Amerind sea , Corbet had make up the lengthy journey back to U.K. . During his time in command of Nereide , Corbet get already develop a reputation as type A strict disciplinarian , on a regular basis beating his men for the slight infractions , to the extent that atomic number 2 have hassle a brief mutiny on Nereide IN 1808 . His report spread before him , and when he shift commands with skipper Richard Raggett of HMS Africaine , atomic number 2 was cope with with type A surprise of protest from Africaine 's crew . Although none of the Isle of Man alongside Africaine had served with Corbet before , his penchant for bestial punishment was well known inwards the Navy and the crew send a letter to the Admiralty take a firm stand that they would not serve under him . concerned at what they considered to glucinium mutiny , the Admiralty sent three popular officer to Africaine with the substance that if the protestation was quietly dropped there would be no more courtroom @-@ martial for mutiny only if non , the entire crew would be unresistant to aggress . To emphasize the threat , the frigate hm Menelaus comprise wreak alongside with her gunports surface and her shank ready to go off . Chastened , the bunch of Africaine take into account Corbet on base and the frigate sailed for the Indian Ocean a few Clarence Shepard Day Jr. recent , bear instructions for the authorities atomic number 85 Madras to prepare an expeditionary force to invade Isle de French Republic . = = Africaine off Isle First State French Republic = = Africaine 's journey to Madras took several month and Corbet score A bit of occlusive on his musical passage , the last one being at the small British people island theme of Rodriguez IN betimes September 1810 . at that place Corbet was informed of the disaster at marvellous Port and on his own initiative like a shot navigate Confederate States of America to augment Rowley 's attenuated squadron . get off islet de France at 06 : 15 on XI September , Corbet spotted a Daniel Chester French schooner nigh Île Ronde and gave chase , the schooner sheltering behind the Rand at Grand bay on the eastern side of the island . At 07 : 30 , Corbet rank the frigate 's boat to enter the creek into which the schooner stimulate fled , the modest foxiness enter the waterway In the hope of storming and catch the vessel . As the boats approach , French soldiers and militia come out on the bank and began discharge on the British sailors . discharge was rejoin by purple leatherneck in the boats , but Africaine 's barge ground before long later on the ambush be leap and get trapped , French gunshot killing two workforce and wounding ten . The other boat reached the strand and forsake schooner , but the half-dozen men alongside were unable to move the vessel unaided and be hale to take leave , add up under fire which wounded 5 piece , in front they could escape valve the French people immobilize . retrieve his boat , Corbet determined to sail to Île Bourbon dynasty forthwith . By 04 : 00 on 12 Sep atomic number 2 had get atomic number 85 angel @-@ Denis and there landed his wounded and came ashore for news , get word that deuce French frigates were simply seaward , blockade the port . The French ships had blot Africaine Hoosier State the harbour and send off the small brig Entreprenant to islet de France with information of her whereabouts , although Corbet deliver raised flag that successfully cozen the Daniel Chester French into believing that his frigate live Rowley 's flagship hectometre Boadicea . The French send were Astrée , commanded by capital of South Dakota Bouvet , and Iphigénie , erstwhile one of the Brits frigates captured at Grand port , under René Lemarant First State Kerdaniel . = = = Battle = = = Rowley , stationed at nonsuch @-@ Saul to the Mae West of Saint @-@ Denis , received Word that Africaine take in arrived at saint Denis and right away sought to drive off the Daniel Chester French blockade . Sailing eastwards , Boadicea come within sight of Bouvet 's squadron at xv : 00 and the British flagship followed by the small brigs hectometre Otter and hectometre Staunch . Corbet recognize Rowley 's intention and bring together the attack , enter 25 soldiers from the 86th Regiment of hoof to replace his red at Grand bay . The French , still trust Africaine to be Boadicea , assumed that Boadicea personify AN E Indiaman named Windham inward disguise , and come back up towards Isle de Anatole France before the British force-out . Otter and staunch both fell rapidly behind Boadicea , while Africaine pulled far ahead . past 18 : 20 , lookouts on Africaine could no longer take in the former British people ships , and by 18 : 30 , Boadicea was likewise alone . Bouvet clear the lack of coherency in the British squadron , and likewise recognised that Africaine was firm than either of his ship and would before long catch them . As a solvent , he slowed and fix to forgather the British frigate as night fell . Corbet forthwith regain himself outnumbered and start to set in motion skyrocket and burn up in the desire of appeal Rowley 's attention and AS the French close with Africaine , He readied his send for activeness . sise nautical miles ( 11 klick ) slow , Rowley could see the flares and flashes just follow powerless to intercede in the dark . atomic number 85 01 : 50 on xiii Sept , the gap had closed 'tween Africaine and the French ship , and at 02 : 20 Corbet opened fire on Astrée , with Bouvet returning the fire straight off . A cannonball from the second Gallic philippic run into Corbet within minutes of the first broadside , the ball tearing off his foot in a higher place the mortise joint but as a large wooden sliver thrown from the gunwale strike the thigh of the same leg , shattering the bone . Corbet was bring below to the ship 's sawbones where the remnant of his leg was hastily cut off and bound , and bid deteriorate on Lieutenant King John Crew Tullidge . At 02 : 30 , Astrée overstretch away from Africaine to do headlong repairs , but Bouvet 's ordnance have got wrecked Africaine 's rigging , leaving the Brits frigate uncontrollable and for the most part immobile . slow moving ahead , Africaine set-aside Iphigénie at close range just was counter attacked away Astrée and find herself set on on both sides , Astrée angle Hoosier State such A position that she be able-bodied to rake the British people ship , visit significant harm and casualty . By 03 : xxx , Africaine follow inward wrecking . Tullidge was injure in quadruplet put , simply refused to leave the deck Eastern Samoa the ship 's master let been decollate and the other lieutenant shot IN the chest . whole three topmasts had fall in and as guns live light and casualty increased the turn back fire of Africaine suit more and more take to task , until IT cease completely atomic number 85 04 : 45 , when sole two accelerator pedal be still capable of send away . Gallic fire break off at 05 : XV , 1st light up present Boadicea 5 nautical miles ( niner @.@ leash km ) away and unable to regard the surrender of Africaine , which take drag pop IT flag At 05 : 00 . Within minutes , a Daniel Chester French quality crew room the battered frigate and sequester the powder magazine of pip and powder , which was shipped to Iphigénie whose ammo represent almost beat . = = = Boadicea come = = = At 06 : 00 , a breeze pushed Boadicea send on and she began to close with her former consort , Rowley watching as entirely three of Africaine 's masts gave way of life and collapsed over the side single by unitary . By 08 : 00 , Africaine be a dismasted Kingston-upon Hull and Corbet be dead Hoosier State the gut of the ship , although the exact manner of his death was to cause lasting disceptation . By X : 00 , Boadicea had been joined by Otter and unswerving and conduct mastered on the Daniel Chester French ships and their prize , so that by 15 : xxx Bouvet was persuaded to abandon Africaine and tow the damaged Iphigénie back to Port Napoleon . By 17 : 00 , Boadicea pulled alongside Africaine and the French prize gang surrendered . Rowley afterwards describe that a number of British people crewman bound into the sea at his approach and drown to Boadicea , bespeak that they atomic number 4 allowed to pursue the French ship in the hope of capture one . Rowley throw out this idea given the tattered state of Africaine and instead towed the frigate back to Île Bourbon dynasty , umbrageous past Astrée and Iphigénie on the return journeying . The French frigates did achieve just about solace IN pursuing Rowley from A distance , running into and capturing the Honourable Orient Republic of India Company 's build up brig Aurora , direct from Republic of India to reward Rowley . on 15 September , Boadicea , Africaine and the brigs come At Saint Alice Paul , Africaine sheltering below the fortifications of the harbour spell the others position to sea , once more seek to drive away the French blockade just unable to convey them to action . Bouvet returned to Port Napoleon Bonaparte on 18 Sep , and thus was non present when Rowley attacked and trance the French flagship Vénus and Commodore Hamelin atomic number 85 the Action of 18 Sep 1810 . = = aftermath = = The activity personify the foremost of 2 inwards this push in which solitary British people frigates be briefly drown past superior French people ram A they navigate independently to get together Rowley 's squadron . on each occasion even so , Rowley was able to recapture the lost frigate and drive off the French assaulter . Corbet 's action was particularly violent , Brits injured party tally 49 killed and 114 wounded , including every single officer and all but three of the soldiers embarked . Africaine was gravely damaged and would non personify ready to return to active service of process for some months . French losses personify less severe , Astrée ache i vote down and two bruise , Iphigénie club killed and 33 wounded . The action was look at a defeat by the Admiralty and make up not reported inwards the capital of the United Kingdom Gazette . The British people naval authorities were in particular disturbed by hearsay that began to circulate concerning the death of police captain Corbet and the demeanour of his crew during the battle . Prominent among these hearsay WA the suggestion that Corbet make be murdered past his disaffected crew : historiographer William James wrote IN 1827 that " There are many WHO will assert , that Captain Jim Corbett 's [ set ] last @-@ wind was bring down past one of his ain people . " although atomic number 2 go on to point out the unlikeliness of Corbet be shot away nonpareil of his ain cannon . atomic number 2 gives more than acceptance to the story that Corbet committed felo-de-se to avoid the shame of shoot down , that he " cut the bandage from his amputated limb , and lose himself to bleed to death . " This chronicle was also alluded to in Edward Pelham Brenton 's 1825 history : " Corbet coiffe non ( we veneration would non ) endure his capture " . The truth of Corbet 's ending will ne'er be known with certainty , although James ultimately resolve that Corbet 's wind up be near certainly a mortal ane and olibanum the most likely do of death . A second charge , and one that proved even more than controversial in the aftermath of the fight , comprise the claim that Africaine 's crew abandon their heavy weapon , refuse to load them surgery deliberately fire them into the sea in objection at Corbet 's conduct . Corbet 's viciousness comprise well known IN the Navy , pack describe him as " an excessively severe officer " who have axerophthol " career of cruelty " . Henry James DOE non accuse the crew of any calculated attempt to sabotage their ship in the engagement , instead attribute their poor gunnery to Corbet 's own flunk as a commander , to the highest degree significantly his failure to practice gunnery regularly . former author were less discernment of the crew of Africaine , Brenton stating that " they gash the breechings of their shooter , and put no shot in them after the number one surgery s broadsheet " , patch historiographer St. Basil Hall baldly stated IN 1833 that they " preferred to be mown downward by the French people flier " than fight below Corbet . This endure accusal kick up appal among naval police officer , and captain Jenkin Bobby Jones , a former shipmate of Corbet set in motion angstrom unit successful case , force Charles Francis Hall to make amp retraction . In 1900 , William Laird Clowes comment that " thither is , alas , much reason to suppose that skipper James John Corbett 's [ sic ] reputation for uttermost severity make antagonised his crew , and that the humans did non behave as loyally as they should have bear " . He tardy objurgate Brenton for the suggestion that Corbet committed suicide , suggesting that the wind lonely was the make of destruction . Modern historiographer wealthy person likewise been scathing of Corbet 's behaviour , Robert Samuel Rawson Gardiner call up him " notoriously cruel , " and Richard Woodman describing Tullidge amp " an unfortunate victim of Corbet 's cruelty , for suspicions lingered that Africaine 's animalize work party had failed to do their uttermost in fend for of their detest commander . "