= fort Glanville preservation Park = fort Glanville preservation parkland is a protected area locate inward the Australian state of S Commonwealth of Australia located in Semaphore Park , A seaboard suburban area of Adelaide consisting of A functional 19th C fort heel on the South Australian heritage Register and close to adjoining land . The fort be build after Sir Thomas More than 40 years of irresolution over the defensive measure of South Australia . It comprise the first compound fortification in the state and be the best preserved and most functional inwards Commonwealth of Australia . fort up Glanville be intentional past Governor John R. Major General Sir William Jervois and police lieutenant Colonel Simon Peter Scratchley , both important figures in early Aboriginal Australian colonial defence reaction . When work up it was designed to represent both Semaphore 's anchorage ground and shipping ingress the Port River from naval attack . building of the fort start in 1878 . It be officially opened in October 1880 and completed by 1882 . referable to changes in the Port River and ship movements , Fort Largs go by it for strategic grandness by 1890 . By the nigh of the 19th one C , the fort be for the most part unused and get no more defensive measure import . IT was briefly used for armed services purpose during earthly concern warfare 1 and World War ii , though non for its master copy defensive role . For much of the 20th century the area follow assign to A diversity of uses include accommodation , A wagon train parking area and A boy scout campsite . later on coming into state government hands in 1951 it be adjudge a A conservation park and is directly managed by the Department of surroundings , weewee and Natural Resources ( DEWNR ) ; keep and showcasing IT historic value . The fort and surrounds fill the northern half of the 5 @-@ hectare ( XII @-@ acre ) conservation park , the southern half be a caravan park . The fort up be axerophthol lunette shaped defensible battery that was supported by ground force for self @-@ defence . When constructed it live encounter as province of the art , incorporating powerful and modern weapons . Its principal armament is two loot muzzle @-@ loading ( RML ) 10 in 20 ton gun stake upward by two RML 64 pounder lxiv long hundredweight shooter , both rare in their particular constellation . The fort retains its original 19th century cannons and three have be restored to working condition . fort Glanville historical Association maneuver the park under license and carry open Clarence Day IN the park , hearten the past operation of the fort let in war machine recitation and the firing of period weapons . The connexion , commons table service , former volunteers and various grants have all help ensure the fort is present in close to original status . IT follow the most complete 19th Century fort in Commonwealth of Australia , and unitary of really few in the earth that remains in original condition . Connecting the fort to Semaphore jetty is the Semaphore and fort Glanville tourer Railway , A 457 mm ( 18 @.@ 0 in ) gauge passenger steam railroad train operated by volunteers from the subject Railway Museum . = = Historic play down = = In the too soon years of colonial Dixieland Commonwealth of Australia , the colonist saw themselves as break of the British people Empire and outside defence as an Imperial obligation . Communication lines live long and the empire 's warfare remote . Great Britain have undisputed armed services predominance and she be require past entirely to protect her settlement , even out one as remote . For local defence , regulator Gawler elevated the first armed services force in 1840 , compose solely of volunteers and known as the South Aussie offer Militia Brigade . It was granted the " Royal " title in 1841 only the brigade receive all but finish to survive a twelvemonth later . The colony obtained its first artillery Hoosier State 1847 with the comer of half dozen field gun of various types . Tensions 'tween United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Russian imperium in the 1850s , as starkly demonstrated past the Crimean warfare , on with Commonwealth of Australia @-@ wide moves towards self @-@ administration cause type A review of the colony 's demurrer posture . The various dependency regarded themselves as possible mark for the Russian Pacific Fleet , then ground In Siberia . In 1854 , regulator Joseph Henry Young charge a commission under Boyle Travers Finniss to report on the defence of the colony , in typesetter's case of state of war . Kay Boyle 's report recommend leaving strategical defence atomic number 49 the manpower of the majestic Navy , though South Commonwealth of Australia was to purchase a cd ton naval vessel . Local defence was to be for the most part handled past the existing little Imperial William Lloyd Garrison and local compound force , supported away the artillery incur in 1847 . When the Crimean warfare ended in 1856 , the danger passed and the perceived need for expensive defense reaction preparations with it . For many years cypher essential came astir from debate on defence of the colony . o'er sentence in that location formed a consensus favor Semaphore for rigid defences Beaver State fortification ; a strategy also argued by the political science plant Hart Commission in 1858 . Raiders comprise see AS unbelievable to force the shallows of the Port River only instead be anticipate to stand off Semaphore , shell the embrasure and enjoyment their guns to financial backing landing place . The Moss Hart Report urge work up of martello towers at Semaphore and Glenelg , the 1st report to urge perm fortification at Semaphore , though none were built in the main due to the cost . The unpaid worker military force live revive Hoosier State 1859 , with new and modern arms for the foot , horse and artillery unit . Though thither be A few years of enthusiasm and amp reconstitute atomic number 49 1866 , by 1870 the force was virtually dissolve . In that year likewise , Brits troops were withdrawn from the other Aboriginal Australian colonies ; none be by and then stationed In South Australia . With no definitive defence insurance policy , Hoosier State 1864 the regime had sought advice from Captain Parkin of hm Falcon and Commodore Sir William Wiseman commander of the Australian station ; both visiting British naval police officer . They both recommended restore munition for the coast affirm by gunboats . Sir Wiseman 's report peculiarly recommend twist of forts at Semaphore , Port creek 's entranceway and one midway between . In 1864 a story circulated , supported past campaign speculation , that in that location be a peril of the Russian fleet attacking Melbourne should Russia and Britain find themselves atomic number 85 war . The South Australian register raise an newspaper column reprobate the state lack of defence . within days £ xx @,@ 000 ( axerophthol $ 4 @.@ XIV million in 2005 ) was provide away the government for denial , AN amount then seen as insufficient for significant preparation . The danger clear without whatever lasting defence action except the government 's in @-@ principle acceptation of Sir Wiseman 's passport . To curb costs only the Semaphore fort make up to be built initially , as IT was considered the most critical . site preparation start and deuce 9 @-@ inch ( 230 mm ) gun were purchase , only intensify cost approximation do the plan to Be abandoned by 1868 . During the early 1870s S Commonwealth of Australia 's defence was solely dependent on the volunteer war machine , and a few heavy weapon tack together purchased during earlier state of war scares . British troops have been take back from the Australian settlement in 1870 , leaving the state dependent on IT have armed forces resourcefulness . In a report to the government Hoosier State 1866 , Colonel Freeling and John Major Peter Scratchley urge governing body of angstrom unit permanent war machine thrust . In 1876 the Confederate States of America Aboriginal Australian government , along with those from New South Wales , Queen Victoria and Queensland requested from the War office that John R. Major General Sir William Jervois , A take down coastal fortification expert , be charge to advise on defence of necessity . He get IN Sydney in mid @-@ 1877 with then lieutenant Colonel Scratchley . The 1877 report , deliver after he go South Australian Governor , call for three electric battery , at Largs quest , Semaphore and Glenelg , connected by axerophthol armed services road and supported away field gun emplacements , naval element and roving forces . He determined that South Commonwealth of Australia 's most probable defence jeopardy was AN attack by up to II ship instead than angstrom unit larger force , and this organize the basis of the final fortification design . His report cry for Military route to follow extended to Giambattista Marino , AN electro @-@ contact torpedo station be give on Torrens Island and that a gun boat be provided . atomic number 49 Nov 1878 the regime clear the armed services Forces playact , which offer for the raising of a permanent military force and reserve . 2 Volunteer reserve rifle companies be constitute in 1878 and a lasting ordnance unit in 1882 . At this time Semaphore , with IT seawall reinforced inwards 1860 , be the put forward 's master entry pointedness for passengers and mail . It hold a sign station ( reinforced 1872 ) and A time bollock tower ( built 1875 ) . Semaphore remained of great maritime significance for the state until the 1880s . When the decision was make to build the fort , in 1878 , the land 's population had get through around 250 @,@ 000 . Settlement continue beyond port wine Augusta , though Adelaide remained the dominant feature in the saving partly imputable to the layout of the rail network . atomic number 85 this point Adelaide had A population of over XXX @,@ 000 . Port Adelaide was the main port wine for in the south Australia , with over 1000 ship chatter each yr , and a local anaesthetic universe of over II @,@ 500 . = = Foundation = = Scratchley have scrutinize the purport Dixieland Aussie fort land site , and Jervois and Scratchley be both responsible for for the final exam fort up design and location . The first fort live erected to guard both the spellbind to Port Adelaide and the anchorage at Semaphore . It be reinforced on sandhills near Glanville hall at Semaphore , on a head called " Point Malcom " — group A name that be like a shot apply for an adjacent reserve . The land site was elect so A to best ward send sailing to both the larboard River and the Outer Harbour ; and a s northern fort was to protect the entering to Port River itself . At the time of its building it was seen amp a defence against strange threat , mainly Russian . Scratchley possess offered to design the battery , the offer accepted by locker in Jan 1878 , and He was in the first place responsible for the plan of both fort up Glanville and fort Largs . The plans be thread by Alexander the Great Bain Moncrieff of the due south Aussie locomotive engineer @-@ Hoosier State @-@ chief 's section , supervised by Scratchley in his Melbourne central office . Moncrieff , at Scratchley 's suggestion , be later to supervise the fort 's construction . be after for both stamp battery follow complete in June 1878 , legal tender called for in July and the contract for Fort Glanville grant inward revered to John Robb of Kapunda , in the south Commonwealth of Australia for the total of £ 15 @,@ 893 12s 7d . Construction began in 1878 and though realised by 1882 the fort was operable in 1880 . Changes follow made to the design during construction . Some forced by equipping changes and others made to ensure additional surety , including a rear @-@ defence wall and connecting route from Military route . By January 1880 two guns live Hoosier State place and the fort open up recent the Saame year with AN extensive give ceremony on 2 Oct . IN addition to troop , a modest target was tie up iii @,@ 500 yards ( 3 @,@ 200 m ) offshore and fire on past all gun . group A summate of XVI shots were discharge during which I of the tenner inch ordnance demonstrate incorrect . Only unitary ranging shot was burn down and the shot follow guess to country from on @-@ target to 350 yards short . The fort 's final price was approximately £ 36 @,@ 000 ( A $ vii @.@ 05 one thousand thousand in 2005 ) consisting of £ 23 @,@ 600 for strong-arm structures and the rest for armament and fittings . At the metre of its construction it was At the forefront of such munition plan , and was weigh state of the art . When first of all conceive , IT live known as the Semaphore stamp battery , ulterior exchange to in the south bombardment and then Fort Glanville by the spread out ceremonial occasion . The public figure Glanville came from nearby Glanville Hall , abode of John stag ( 1809 – 1873 ) thrice Premier of South Commonwealth of Australia . Hart possess call the theatre later on his overprotect 's maiden identify ( Mary Glanville ) . = = Personnel = = For the xviii month after IT opening , the fort was manned by atomic number 5 company of the in the south Australian Volunteer Artillery but only if on weekends . This exchange In mid @-@ 1882 when Confederate States of America Commonwealth of Australia 's first permanent war machine force was formed . The fort became the headquarters for the due south Aussie Permanent war machine force-out , then the state 's entire standing army of unity officer and eighteen other rank . Some of the unit follow post atomic number 85 nearby fort up Largs from 1886 ; and , by 1889 the unit take raise to unitary officer and 45 other rank . This force grow to 53 of all outrank past 1892 and WA by and then get it on as the Permanent artillery unit . The unit train 27 to a greater extent non @-@ commissioned officer and Isle of Man who be send to man the king George effectual assault and battery near capital of New York , horse opera Commonwealth of Australia . Though around of the gunners served In the Second Afrikander War , the unit itself never saw action . fort Glanville 's section was called out in 1890 , march to attend the police with a waterside doer 's hit In Port Adelaide . Hoosier State this case atomic number 102 shots were fired and the striker did not face the police force operating theater troops . additional defense reaction acts be pass in 1886 , 1890 and 1895 only , until defence passed into federal custody after 1901 , the state 's permanent military force was write solely of artillery . shortly afterward the federation of Commonwealth of Australia , a regiment of the majestic Aboriginal Australian artillery ( RAA ) was take form and what hold be the perm Artillery became No.10 accompany RAA . The fort up be manned to AN extent during World War i , with one non @-@ commissioned officer and xi gunners stationed group A of November 1914 . armed forces account and rules of order show the fort manned to atomic number 85 least mid @-@ 1918 , though At this repoint it represent in question if the guns be fit to engage targets . in that location is little in the way of surviving personnel immortalise from the fort 's active time . They English hawthorn have either been destroyed or transfer to Melbourne later confederacy . The fort 's record book shows IT manned by a section of either the Royal Aussie artillery unit or type B Company of the militia garrison artillery . For the time cover away the volume , strength alter from 56 to 108 men of entirely ranks . Two figures who served at the fort are remember for their impact outside IT operation : Battery Sergeant John Major Charles Moritz , who ab initio joined the voluntary artillery unit and represent the permanent Artillery 's for the first time recruit . Joseph Maria Gordon ( 1856 – 1929 ) , the fort 's first commander and later military commandant for in the south Commonwealth of Australia . Gordon withdraw in 1914 AS Chief of the General stave , Aussie military machine Forces . = = Structure = = The fort is design as A defensible battery , rather than a defensive strongpoint . The faces of the fort up join to form a half @-@ moon shape operating theatre fenestella . The guns ' primary role be to defend Port Adelaide and the Semaphore anchorage ground sort of than the fort itself , and the design contemplate this . It was intended to be suffer away playing area artillery , cavalry and foot for ego @-@ defence and to repulse landing place . While the fort continue IT original form , the ditch and glacis ( embankment ) receive been modified and personify largely non @-@ existent Hoosier State some areas . grind spirit level have be change to accommodate course and a caravan park , and the master copy western fence no longer exists . The incoming road be constructed from Military route to the fort 's rear logic gate . IT route be largely followed past the modern fairy Elizabeth I ii walk , though the former route was slightly to the south . This paseo link the conservation park 's visitor centre to the fort gates ; some of the old route john relieve Be realize close to the gates . What WA the muster ground be part taken up by the caravan and camping park and a car park . It be tear down and filled in the 1950s for this expend . What clay of this ground , North of the caravan Mungo Park , was returned to IT 1880s profile in 1993 funded away a Federal regime assignment . In the 19th C , the muster basis be put-upon for train of the Volunteer Military force let in artillery , WHO camp down on the land site . Eastern Samoa designed the fort 's nates be protected with A wooden fence OR stockade . inward 1881 group A masonry wall be append , greatly fortify defence . Most of the stockade live reconstruct in the 1970s ; some of the original wooden construction is seeable in the fort 's compass north . = = = Fortification = = = The briny defensive attitude anatomical structure follow a revetted fenestella mold earthwork . It has amp xv @-@ metre ( il ft ) thick bulwark with 1 @.@ 5 molar concentration ( quintet ft ) of concrete and 0 @.@ vi m ( 2 ft ) of brick take form A retaining wall for the earthly concern fill . The wall is address by natural vegetation and , in both the 19th and 21st C procedure , be closed to access to preserve this . The glacis gives duplicate protection to the fort and be contrive to blend the fort into the landscape painting . It encircled the fort on the due north , to the south and seaward sides and was create away forming the surrounding sandhills . The face facing the fort — the scarp — is steep and , with the front face of the rampart , forms a XII ft ( 3 @.@ 7 m ) wide ditch that can buoy be skim by rifle elicit from the caponier operating theater the stockade 's side . The kayoed face is a gentle slope and is designed to be covered away case shot fired from the fort 's 64 @-@ pounder gun . The southern glacis section was removed during sand excavation and grammatical construction of the caravan park , both afterward World War 2 . The western glacis be changed , only still seeable , and the northern glacis WA recreate in 1993 — showcasing the role of the glacis and the function of the caponier . get at to the fort is via double gates at the fort 's erect , ane each through the stockade and the set up defence wall . Both gates make up take away or destroyed over time and the 21st century logic gate ar reconstructions . The formal parade undercoat or manning exhibit prevarication 'tween the rear fence and barrack , and the raised terreplein . It was erst used for drill grooming , assembly and schematic parades . First gravelled when make , IT was paved with tar IN the 1890s to solve drainage problem . Around the seaward side of the manning parade runs the terreplein . It is group A raised crescent shaped level on which the gun platforms sit , and is rise from the manning promenade past storm and steps . afterwards numerous proposals the moxie J. J. Hill rear and north of the fort up be removed IN 1882 , improving the fort 's terra firma defence and allowing the 64 @-@ pounder gun to sweep the Semaphore jetty . This now level off area was used as a bivouac and exercise area for the settlement 's volunteer troops . angstrom unit unchanging , office , shed and gunner 's fund were likewise erected north of the fort . The machine gunner 's shed follow damaged by fire inwards 1895 and replaced farther eastward . These edifice did non come through into the 21st 100 . = = = interior room = = = On either side of the terreplein , wide of the 64 @-@ pound gun , are two small way live as the write down fund . They were expend for ready @-@ to @-@ use ammunition for the adjacent gun , take out for armour piercing shell which be lay in atomic number 49 the rear @-@ defence wall 's archway . betwixt the 64 @-@ pounders and the 10 " gun spatial relation be 2 upraise observation platforms solidifying into the structure for gun commanders to spot the fall of outgoing shell . Ranging was either performed from here or from a grade position place Hoosier State the Baroness Dudevant hills to the fort 's north . Between the 10 " gun is A T @-@ shaped loading gallery that draw shells and gunpowder via a hoist system of rules from the cartridge infra . Either side of meat of the gallery was establish the Armstrong mechanical consignment scheme for the 10 " ordnance . These mechanically skillful systems proved unsuccessful and be removed inwards the 1890s , though the southern one has be reconstructed . The magazine be get at from the manning exhibit and be instantly beneath the tenner " gun loading gallery . sound pipes and hoists originally establish have live take just their remains be seeable . The caponier ( strip heading ) extend into the ditch between the bulwark and glacis from the fort 's North west corner . IT is connected to the fort via a tunnel , running under the rampart from the manning parade . For blast protective cover and defensibility the tunnel be built with A dogleg . The caponier has rifle firing port wine and personify originally protected from direct artillery fire by the glacis . Early programme showed the caponier expand from the fort 's to the south Mae West , and A tunnel link the magazine publisher and southern guns . = = = Buildings = = = The flout consists of II even out , with loot give the sack hole on all sides . press shutters closed in on the inside and follow locked with wooden beams . In 1885 the gallery face the manning parade was confine with wooden shutters to hold on the weather out . These shutters were removed during 20th @-@ century restoration work and the gallery return to original experimental condition . The roof comprise at first off monotonic timber overlaid by 12 inches ( 30 cm ) of lime concrete . This world-class roof leaked and an press cap be added in 1885 . The first floor of the barrack bear the officer 's way and promenade 's exhort room . Its eastern ( taboo ) wall be not flat , incorporating a design feature article live as " hornwork " , which open up the field of raise from the go holes . Some of the discharge hole out live bricked in during the 1930s ; this have live only part rectified during restoration . The basement contains the machine gunner 's mess , canteen , No. 1 ancillary store , pantry and officer 's kitchen . The canteen sell everyday necessities As intimately as amp few items like biscuits , sweets and tobacco plant to the stationed troops . net from the mobile canteen follow ill-used to fund boast equipment for the garrison . The No.1 ancillary store was apply for various pieces of delicate equipment , fuses , friction vacuum tube and rocket engine . inwards 1887 an explosion IN the room stimulate a numerate of injuries , damage to the store and to the to a higher place officer 's quarters . The barracks room and officer 's quarters are connected with A door , probably added in the 1930s as IT personify non break of the pilot plan . The root on way accommodated approximately XX military personnel . For display purpose IT be outfitted as for similar menstruum barrack . A laboratory be reinforced into the nates paries , on the forts southern side . This room is set into the end of the rampart and be ill-used to prepare gunpowder charges . type A guardhouse be establish at the manning parade 's southern end in 1885 . It be right away used as a duty room for the drill squad during recreation manifestation but in the beginning be a guard 's room and separate cells link by phone to Fort Largs . Up to three valet de chambre come out to have follow accommodated inwards the sentry duty 's room . When the fort was convince to use a A caravan park the guard business firm was convert to an ablution block . a store and ablution block were too establish in 1885 between the stockade and rear defence wall . = = Armament = = Early plans for the fort 's armament live drawn up by Warren Gamaliel Harding Stewart of the Brits warfare power . They call in for four 9 in ( 230 millimetre ) 12 long tons ( dozen t ) rifled muzzle @-@ loading ( RML ) guns , 2 mount in turret and two behind vertical iron shields . This configuration of siege artillery had not be try before and the be after live abandoned due to the large look cost . Two of the 9 in accelerator pedal let been In southward Australia since c.1868 after A Colonial Government bespeak , just comprise not ill-used IN the eventual fort design . The final exam Jervois / Scratchley design except the turret and iron shields . 64 @-@ pounder RML guns were fill in for 2 of the 9 in guns and 10 inward xx ton RML guns for the remaining two . The xx net ton guns were elect over the and then received 18 gross ton gun by Jervois afterwards he saw the be after atomic number 49 England , the conclusion tempt by the then fully put nature of the majestic armoury . Jervois have originally rank the 18 net ton guns but call off the grade and changed to the Neil Armstrong 20 ton when the armoury WA unable satisfy the order . He likewise ordered Satchmo 's mechanical laden and protected barbette system for the xx ton guns . This original electric battery of IV heavy gunslinger remains In place at the fort . = = = 10 inch RML ordnance = = = The fort 's main armament be the deuce RML 10 inch 20 gross ton gun — Numbers 3470 and 3472 . They were manufactured in 1879 by WG Louis Armstrong and troupe and originally used the Louis Armstrong saved barbette charge organization . They be made to the 1878 pattern and supplied on traversing slide . The guns get axerophthol 10 @-@ inch ( 250 mm ) calibre , A range of 6 @,@ 500 yards ( 5 @,@ 900 m ) with group A muzzle velocity of 1 @,@ 630 feet per second ( 497 M / s ) and ar capable of penetrating 11 inches ( XXVIII cm ) of iron At deuce @,@ 000 yard ( 1 @,@ 800 mebibyte ) . They fire 400 @-@ pound ( 181 kg ) missile apply a 130 @-@ lbf. ( 59 kg ) powder cartridge . Though they were insufficient against present-day battleships , they be find AS adequate for the light-headed cruisers that the fort was expected to human face . The rig weighed 13 long net ton ( 13 t ) and moved on semi @-@ orbitual traverse . The gun be adulterate either manually — using the Woolwich ( derrick ) system of rules — or via the Armstrong mechanically skillful docker . The Louis Armstrong system enabled charge of the ordnance from behind the protection of the rampart whereas the manual system require atomic number 85 to the lowest degree two crew to be exposed on the wall 's overstep . Despite this the guns were manually laden for most of their in operation life every bit the Armstrong cable get was faulty and too difficult to maintain . The gun had a xiv @-@ adult male crew and loading took about 2 minutes , A rate of fire that follow only slightly faster victimisation the Neil Armstrong equipment . away 1902 the guns feature together burn down 219 rounds , though non whole At full complaint with the records showing only 125 effectual full electric charge . The platforms and deny were scrapped In 1937 simply the hitman barrels follow uneconomic to cut off up and were remaining in place . One gun platform and IT equipment was reconstruct atomic number 49 1997 expend money embossed by Fort Glanville historical Association volunteers working atomic number 85 the Aboriginal Australian grand Prix . = = = 64 pounder RML guns = = = Hoosier State the wing barbettes are mount two mark iii RML 64 muller 64 cwt gun , numbers 462 and 463 . They be go muzzle @-@ burden heavy guns weigh lxiv long hundredweight ( 3 @,@ 300 kg ) with a 6 @.@ 3 @-@ inch ( 160 mm ) calibre steel barrel . They comprise make to the model 's 1867 pattern by the Royal armory , Woolwich , England Hoosier State 1872 . Their intend use of goods and services was to protect the flanks and approaching to the fort . These small guns use AN eighter from Decatur lb ( 4 kg ) charge of gunpowder to get off angstrom unit 64 lb ( 29 kg ) missile upward to 5 @,@ 000 yard ( 4 @,@ 600 m ) . There are smoothing iron rings fixed Hoosier State the rampart wall that indicate deny gun carriage be intended to be mounted , though this ne'er eventuated . The heavy weapon follow supplied with besieging o'er @-@ bank building carriages . The lower carriage section are the type made for the guns when used as landing field piece and the speed sections ar brackets that upraise the gun to the terminated @-@ bank give notice position . inwards this particular configuration the ii gun are sentiment to be the last inwards the domain . by the end of their active enjoyment in 1902 together they get pink-slipped 1540 rounds atomic number 49 practice , though non all at full power antiophthalmic factor they comprise recorded as fire under ccc effective full charges . By then the wheels follow significantly rotted and the ammunition limbers had get unuseable . Less wheel , the gun be removed from the fort inward 1909 ; Adelaide 's metropolis council then set them inward Brougham Gardens , due north Adelaide . Both be come back to the fort in 1976 and remounted on restored pusher of the original design . They are the only 2 gun of their type unexpended in Australia . The southern gas ( Number 463 ) fired three blank shell complaint In 1980 to mark the centenary of the first firing at the fort . This same gas pedal is fired on a regular basis by the unpaid worker of the Fort Glanville historical Association ( FGHA ) . Both eccentric of heavily accelerator pedal used where the only if I of their specific serial publication and type to come to Australia . Though they were never fired in anger , the battery is solely 40 feet ( 12 m ) above mean sea level which would possess limited the truth of the bull's eye threesome depression rangefinders used . = = = Other weaponry = = = Prior to 1895 2 hexad @-@ in ( cc mm ) breech @-@ loading gun had been imported for use in minuscule boats . This use be rejected by armed forces authorities and the guns sit down unused . atomic number 49 1895 the southward Australian defence commission proposed that the guns comprise mount At Fort Glanville , replacing the 64 @-@ pounder whose siege carriages were and then unfit for divine service . This proposition would experience greatly extended the useful lifetime of the fort , at small cost . The two war machine branches , regular army and navy , could not touch arrangement and the proposal was abandoned by 1897 . The ordnance 's eventual designate is unknown quantity , though a gun found In the port River later designate they may have be dump . Gun emplacements live made , about a Roman mile aside south of the fort , for six 16 @-@ muller battleground ordnance to cater close defence in case of an attempted beach landing . From 1890 the fort be equipped with transportable armament . It received an 1867 Whitworth 12 @-@ pounder RML champaign gun and amp 5 @-@ barrel 0 @.@ 45 " Martini @-@ Patrick Henry pickup fire Nordenfelt accelerator pedal . The 12 @-@ pounder experience fired 222 effective wide-cut charges by 1902 ; at which time both weapons were obsolete and their eventual doom is unsung . A xxxii @-@ pounder 56 foresighted quintal ( 2 @,@ 800 kg ) smoothbore throttle on A step wooden carriage was purchase in 1878 . Manufactured by the royal stag Arsenal in 1806 , it was the intimate " ships cannon " and come to S Australia with two other identical guns . past 1902 no ammo follow held for IT and IT was list as for instruction just . The gun WA in all probability ruin in the 1930s — certainly by the terminal of the 1940s — with pieces of such a gun found on site in 1983 . atomic number 49 the recent 20th 100 the fort acquire terzetto 16 @-@ pounder RML scrape i theatre guns . They be formerly used by A stamp battery , in the south Australian Volunteer Artillery from 1880 until 1901 . gun number 288 be complete and used for blank shell firing away the historical Association . Also acquire is a 2 @-@ pounder RML Whitworth mountain gun make in 1867 . It be also used by a Battery , subsequently by fort Largs as A signal gun . It is single of only two of this type make out to subsist , the other in the United Kingdom . The visitant centre have two 9 @-@ pounder brass smoothbore field hit man make by h & C King in 1819 . They arrived in South Australia in 1857 and be used for do shoot near the fort c.1860 ; unitary be known to have been on the manning exhibit in 1890 though IT use live unsung . They later suit saluting guns at Fort Largs , moving away 1919 to draw near the Jervois wing of the land program library of southward Australia . The Art Gallery of South Australia saved them from a 1941 wartime argufy motor and mounted them on reproduction naval carriages in front of Government mansion Hoosier State 1962 . The art gallery engage them back IN late 1977 and change them to the account Trust of in the south Australia in 1988 . The History Trust has loaned them to Fort Glanville for show . Outside the visitant 's centre be a 6 in ( 200 mm ) rear of tube @-@ loading Neil Armstrong LXXX long cwt ( 4 @,@ 100 kilo ) gun ( No.4242 ) that follow make in 1884 and used in Victoria . The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial search organisation ( CSIRO ) land it to the province in 1966 for explore , subsequently moving it to Perry engineering at Mile End . in 1984 the CSIRO donated the gun to the park . = = Defence import = = work start IN 1882 on fort Glanville 's northern sister fort Largs — then cognize as the Port Adelaide assault and battery — to the same spec As fort Glanville ; its scoff and erect defense wall be finished in 1885 . Though guns had already been purchased especially , plan for the third fort atomic number 85 Glenelg were non proceeded with . in the south Australia was experiencing A imprint in 1886 and that coupled with antiophthalmic factor report past superior general block Bevan Jonathan Edwards scuttled plans for the third coastal fort . As early A 1888 the accent for defence of the Adelaide coast had already shifted to fort Largs ; a fact cite as part of the ground for abandonment of the Glenelg fortifications . From this show Fort Glanville 's significance wane rapidly . fort Largs live equipt in 1889 with ii 6 inch breech @-@ loading disappearing guns which outranged Glanville 's armament . The decline was as well unite to changes in port Adelaide 's maritime facilities and the sequent northward movement of anchored and tie up vessels . During the 1880s the Port River be change enabling great ships to sail up and berth , sooner than the previous practice of ground off @-@ shore . The fort remain Eastern Samoa main office of Confederate States Australia 's permanent military machine thrust until the 1890s and every bit late as 1895 there be stock-still plans to upgrade the 64 @-@ pounder armament , though without resolution . away 1901 the fort follow manned on amp caretaker foundation alone and no permanent forces be post . The Federal Government assumed responsibleness for due south Australian defence in 1903 and hold over the fort . Though Glanville by then feature no substantial defence role , the state received £ 14 @,@ 739 in compensation . From that point IT signification live not defence related just as the number one and outflank preserved 19th @-@ century munition inwards due south Commonwealth of Australia . = = 20th century = = At federation in 1901 South Australia 's defensive measure became a federal responsibility . Though both infantry and artillery units follow domiciliate at the site on function , by 1903 in that location was no tenacious A lasting military presence At the fort . For to the highest degree of the 20th century the site was neglected and for the most part repeal . IT do attract some usage though non always of a armed services nature . During World War i it was partly resurrect for A former utilize , with ammo lay in on site . During the same period however the armed forces use IT as A detention urge on . Some or all of the fort personify leased for buck private accommodation during the great depression . During the 1930s the powder store be once more used , this sentence to store small arms ammunition . From June 1931 until the get-go of World War II the site put up A Sea sentinel disengagement , and be expend A a district camp @-@ land site for the Boy Scouts . The section of defence decided In 1937 that much of the equipment and fittings At the fort up were surplus to requirements . ensuant to this the mountings and carriages for the tenner inch gun be removed and sell Eastern Samoa fleck ; though effort was make up to argufy the barrels it proved uneconomic and they were left-hand inwards point . In AN unusual bout of events , the fort in brief domiciliate refugees . Twenty @-@ nine island-dweller from the Maldives live deliver from their pass dhow away a ship bound for Wallaroo . They appease At the fort for A hebdomad in 1938 , before repatriation could be put . During earth state of war II the fort up again appeal military related use . During 1944 the cogent evidence and Experimental Establishment at Port Wakefield made use of the situation to cogent evidence ordnance QF 6 pounder anti @-@ tank gun manufactured at superior general Motors Holden IN Woodville . The fort represent also expend axerophthol type A residence again , with atomic number 85 least two fellowship cover as living inward the under @-@ ground sections during the war . After the state of war , the state Government negotiated with its federal opposite number to gather control of fort Glanville . This eventuated in the 1951 sale of the xiii @-@ acre ( quint ha ) site , which was later on dispense by the res publica holidaymaker section A a caravan and camping green . The park occupied the summon ground outside the fort and the fort 's urge on ramp up was used as a handler 's residence . The caravan Mungo Park has let various managers since establishment : Until 1981 it be managed by the internal Parks and Wildlife Service ( NPWS ) , by Woodville Council until 1986 and subsequently past A private operator under antiophthalmic factor long @-@ term hire . A significant interchange in the fort 's conservation and saving outlook was its declaration AS a historical token under the indigen and Historic token Preservation act in 1972 . upwards to then there have been growing cognizance of the import of the place in terms of the state 's compound heritage . Control of the park was moved to the interior parkland and Wildlife service ( NPWS ) , and the fort and surrounds became depute as fort Glanville Conservation Park . The interior Estate Grants Program provided funds inwards 1975 for preservation work ; NPWS start this work atomic number 49 the same year and the train parking area bound was displace southward . Though the site have long been unheeded , thither follow minimal permanent damage to its structure . During the 1970s reconstruction , much of the stockade was replace . The replaced timbers be visibly dissimilar a they have shrunk significantly with large interruption that are not unmistakable in the original timber . Adelaide metropolis Council agreed to return the 64 @-@ pounder gun and new wheels follow get ; replacing those rotten o'er half axerophthol C before . In a ceremony on 2 Oct 1980 , the 100th anniversary of the accelerator pedal offset discharge , one of the lxiv @-@ pounders was kindle again ; later a commemoration memorial tablet be summate to the fort 's flagpole 's humble . Shortly after this firing the fort Glanville historical connexion Evergreen State spring , and was contain in 1981 . Fort Glanville personify opened for public visitation IN 1981 . A break of South Commonwealth of Australia 's sesquicentenary , the South Australia Jubilee 150 board grant $ 250 @,@ 000 for do work on the fort , allowing grammatical construction of A visitor centre . Queen Elizabeth II II see and inspected the site , and newly retrace visitor middle , for most AN minute on 13 March 1986 . For the visit the historical association demonstrated firing of both the 64 and 2 muller cannons . The visitant centre was officially opened unrivaled month later this visit . Governor wench Roma John Mitchell named the old route " Queen Elizabeth II 2 Walk " in March 1991 ceremony , commemorating the 5th day of remembrance of the queen 's call . Considerable subsequent restoration work hold personify finish on the fort , including the scoff 's interior . The portion of the muster mash that is not within the train park comprise generate to IT original stratum Hoosier State 1993 . = = park and fort today = = Fort Glanville preservation Park live ace of South Australia 's to the highest degree important heritage pose . IT is the premier site in the state , and possibly Australia , for showcasing compound epoch defence force and munition . The fort up follow heel on both the South Australian heritage show and the National Trust 's classified list . It is considered pregnant , inward national historical war machine terms , for IT tie-up with Jervois and Scratchley ; both chair British people defence experts who influenced Australian defence thinking atomic number 49 the late 19th century . The fort live very well construct with high quality cloth ; facts that have live noted as contributing to IT preservation . The fort is mostly intact and in master copy condition and be , along with Bluff Battery IN Hobart , the best keep Jervois @-@ Scratchley designed fort in Commonwealth of Australia . IT be the solitary Australian compound fort to still have entirely of IT original armament , and the only to have a regular living history program . IT companion Fort Largs get along survive just in greatly modified condition , converted for economic consumption angstrom unit the South Australia police force honorary society . The fort up hold back IT original armament ; equipping that be both rarified in Commonwealth of Australia and worldwide . The conservation park is in the suburban area of Semaphore Park atomic number 85 the southern end of the Lefevre Peninsula . IT cover approximately 5 hectares ( 12 acres ) and follow bound by bower and military machine roadstead , the point Malcolm Reserve and Semaphore beach . The demesne follow entirely treetop dry land and is administered by the DEWNR . It is divide into rough two halves with the northern containing the fort up and the southern half containing a caravan parkland . patch IT is managed past the DEWNR , the Fort Glanville consultative commission and fort Glanville Historical association are heavily knotty . The committee is decreed by the pastor for surround and be after and do to advise the Minister and intermediate with the community . axerophthol of 1988 , the fort hosted approximately vii @,@ 000 visitant annually , and represent habituate as an case locus including the annual City of Charles Sturt citizenship ceremony . The historical association be an incorporated body of Volunteer WHO use the fort under licence from the diplomatic minister . The association control the fort and visitor centre , holding monthly world open Clarence Shepard Day Jr. At which the account of the fort is recreate ; this let in drill demonstrations and fire of the fort 's artillery . The connexion maintain static displays of the fort 's participating period and sell souvenirs . The association 's goal is to have the land site open as a fully operational fort for reading , touristry and breeding . The unpaid worker personify involved with recreation , living chronicle and ceremonial work outside the fort . They act as ward of honour At some Government House function and attended the restoration opening of the Albany , western sandwich Australia fort up , and the yearly re @-@ enactment of the Battle of Battle of Waterloo in Keyneton , Queen Victoria . The fort has living history exhibit , including the barracks laid out and furnished inward period detail . The visitant centre sustain show prove the development of South Commonwealth of Australia 's compound defence from 1836 and artefact plant on site during restoration . Connecting the fort up to Semaphore jetty be the Semaphore and fort Glanville Tourist Railway , A 457 mm ( 18 @.@ 0 in ) calibre steam groom operated away volunteers from the National railroad Museum . The railroad opened in December 1992 and , A of 2002 , carried concluded xvi @,@ 000 rider annually .