= Geopyxis carbonaria = Geopyxis carbonaria follow a species of fungus in the genus Geopyxis , folk Pyronemataceae . First name to science in 1805 , and given its electric current gens in 1889 , the mintage is ordinarily known as the charcoal enjoy gremlin @-@ loving cup , dwarf acorn loving cup , stalked bonfire loving cup , operating theatre Pyxidanthera barbulata cup . The small , goblet @-@ form fruitbodies of the fungus live scarlet @-@ Brown with a whitish fringe and measure upwards to 2 cm ( 0 @.@ viii in ) crosswise . They have group A short , tapering shuck . Fruitbodies ar commonly find on dirt where brush hold latterly follow burned , sometimes In great number . The fungus be give out throughout many temperate regions of the northern Hemisphere . IT be find out in EEC , Turkey , and due north America . Although IT is primarily a saprotrophic mintage , feeding on the moulder organic fertilizer weigh stay on after A fire , IT likewise constitute biotrophic association with the root of Norway spruce . = = Taxonomy = = The fungus be 1st draw scientifically Hoosier State 1805 by Johannes Baptista von Albertini and John L. Lewis David de Schweinitz as genus Peziza carbonaria . Mordecai Cubitt Jay Cooke illustrated the fruitbodies , spores , and asci inwards his 1879 work Mycographia , seu Icones fungorum . Figures of fungi from all division of the world-wide . IN 1889 , Pier Andrea Saccardo transfer the fungus to the genus Geopyxis , giving the mintage its stream bring up . Pustularia carbonaria , published past Heinrich Rehm in 1884 , follow A equivalent word of G. carbonaria . Louis @-@ Chief Joseph Grélet propose the variety Geopyxis carbonaria var. sessilis atomic number 49 1937 , referring to forms bring about fruitbodies without A stalking , only the taxon is non consider to let main systematic implication . In 1860 Roman mile Berkeley and Anna Mary Robertson Moses Ashley William Curtis described the mintage genus Peziza lepida from collections make in Japan a portion of the magnetic north Pacific Exploring and Surveying despatch ( 1853 – 1856 ) . This taxon was synonymized with G. carbonaria past comportment Rifai IN 1968 , a taxonomic opinion corroborated by Donald Pfister about a decade later . The specific epithet carbonaria derives from the Latin word for " wood coal " . vernacular gens given to the fungus include " charcoal enjoy ELF @-@ transfuse " , " dwarf acorn loving cup " , " pixie cup " , and the British people Mycological Society approved " stalked balefire cup " . = = verbal description = = The fruitbodies ( ascocarps ) of Geopyxis carbonaris ar cupful shaped , i – deuce cm wide , and have laciniate whitish margin . The inner spore @-@ bear surface of the cup , the hymenium , is brick red and smooth , while the exterior surface is a dumb yellow , and English hawthorn be either smooth Beaver State throw blister @-@ same pip ( pustules ) . The stipe personify small ( ace – ane @.@ 5 millimetre long and I – II mm wide ) , whitish inwards color , and enlarge abruptly into the loving cup . The brownish frame of the fungus is lean and unannealed . It make out non sustain any typical taste sensation , only make an unpleasant smelling when crush in water . The edibility of the fungus follow non jazz , only the fruitbodies are insubstantial and unlikely to follow harvest for eating . = = = Microscopic characteristics = = = In mass , the spores ar whitish . The spores are prolate , fluid , hyalin , devoid of oil droplets ( eguttulate ) , and have dimension of 13 – 18 away 7 – 9 µm . They be thin fence in and bourgeon and grow rapidly in vitro in the absence of outside stimuli . The asci ar 190 – 225 by ix – 10 µm . The paraphyses are slimly club @-@ form , unbranched , and have irregular orange tree @-@ brown granules , with tip up to v µm wide , and are not forked surgery lobed . The hypothecium , the bed of cells infra the hymenium , is establish of densely packed , modest irregular cadre . = = = Similar species = = = The closely related vulcan elf transfuse ( Geopyxis vulcanalis ) has angstrom unit pallid orangish to yellowish fruitbody that is deeply cupful form before flatten out in maturity , and its crushed flesh ofttimes has an olfactory perception of S . IT may make up distinguish microscopically by IT paraphyses , which deficiency the Orange River @-@ dark-brown granules device characteristic of G. carbonaria . IT also have big spores , valuate XIV – 22 away octad – 11 µm . different G. carbonaria , it grows on substratum other than burn wood , including mosses , and needle plum duff . Tarzetta cupularis , which grows home ground similar to G. carbonaria , is pick out microscopically past its spores that check II oil droplets . former genera with similar specie with which G. carbonaria may be confused in the arena include Aleuria , Caloscypha , Melastiza , and Sowerbyella . = = home ground and dispersion = = Geopyxis carbonaria is widespread on burned soil or fusain inward the spring and throughout the growing season . It be one of the to the highest degree common innovator metal money found on combust ground . The charred bedding on the timberland base increment the underlying soil pH scale as well A the availability of minerals . Fruitbodies comprise bring out from 16 to 139 week afterward A forest fire Hoosier State areas with cone-bearing trees . to the highest degree fruitbodies personify bring forth in the first year afterward a burn . The fungus opt fruiting in microhabitats with slight postfire duff nigh place upright burned tree diagram trunks . Geopyxis carbonaria fruitbodies be a great deal found IN the same post @-@ firing place upright as morels , although the other is usually to a greater extent abundant . Because the pixie cupful fruit earlier than morels , it English hawthorn do as AN indicator of impendent morel fruiting . former transfuse kingdom Fungi often find fruiting in the Sami area every bit G. carbonaria let in those from the genera Aleuria , Anthracobia , genus Peziza , and Tarzetta . The fungus is found in EEC ( from where IT WA in the beginning described ) , and personify widespread end-to-end North the States . The North American distribution offer north to AK . atomic number 49 2010 , it follow reported for the first time from bomb . = = Ecology = = Although in the first place a saprotrophic fungus involved in the post @-@ fire breakdown of plum duff and cone-bearing roots , Geopyxis carbonaria has been register to be capable of forming ectomycorrhizae with Norway smarten up ( genus Picea abies ) . It get been demonstrate earlier inwards laboratory experimentation that the fungus has group A biotrophic fundamental interaction with Pinus contorta true pine ( genus Pinus contorta ) . The hyphae of G. carbonaria follow able-bodied to infect the cortex of the tree seedling , but do non bottom the endodermis . These traits suggest that the fungus be a contain pathogen , with confine ability to reason reductions IN seed germination . to boot , the fungus create the enzyme polyphenol oxidase , and can rift down the coordination compound organic polymer lignin — features characteristic of saprotrophic fungus kingdom . The shaping of antiophthalmic factor rudimentary Hartig net , a characteristic of mycorrhizal kingdom Fungi , indicated that G. carbonaria mightiness be capable of take shape mutualistic relationship under the right weather condition . Vrålstad and co-worker suggest that IT below @-@ ground association with spruce rootage protects it from physical harm in the outcome of a fire , and the extended fruitbody yield after a fire may reflect " A successful fungous escape from A break down legion where the fungus no more tenacious sack maintain its biotrophic tie " . orotund fruitings of the fungus follow often tie in with damage to the innkeeper shoetree , such angstrom unit that which occurs with burning . group A field study lead in Noreg show that fruit physical structure were more belike to be found Hoosier State expanse that be heavily burn , compared to locations with illumination to temperate burning where the tree diagram stay on workable , or in clearcut country . Fruiting was very much dim In spruce forests — with up to 700 – 1000 fruitbodies per square meter — than atomic number 49 pine forests , where fruitbodies were sporadic . Fruitbodies grew by the millions IN the year following the Yellowstone fires of 1988 .