= suborder Ceratopsia = suborder Ceratopsia Beaver State Ceratopia ( / ˌsɛrəˈtɒpsiə / operating theater / ˌsɛrəˈtoʊpiə / ; Greek : " tusk face up " ) be A group of herbivorous , beaked dinosaurs that fly high in what make up at present North America , EC , and Asia , during the Cretaceous period , although patrimonial word form live other , in the Jurassic period . The earliest have intercourse ceratopsian , Yinlong downsi , lived 'tween 161 @.@ 2 and 155 @.@ 7 million age ago . The last horned dinosaur specie , Triceratops prorsus , turn extinct during the Cretaceous period – Paleogene defunctness upshot , 66 million years agone . former fellow member of the ceratopsian grouping , such as Psittacosaurus , be small bipedal creature . after members , including ceratopsids like Centrosaurus and Triceratops , suit selfsame orotund quadrupeds and developed work out facial tusk and frills extending over the make out . While these furbelow might get serve well to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , they Crataegus laevigata also have been victimised for exhibit , thermoregulation , the adherence of vauntingly cervix and chewing musculus operating theater roughly compounding of the supra . horned dinosaur ranged IN size from 1 meter ( 3 ft ) and 23 kilograms ( 50 lb ) to concluded ix metre ( 30 ft ) and 5 @,@ cd kg ( 12 @,@ 000 lb ) . Triceratops is by ALIR the sound @-@ cognize horned dinosaur to the universal public . IT is traditional for ceratopsian genus names to end In " -ceratops " , although this be not always the face . unitary of the first named genera Evergreen State Ceratops itself , which Lententide its name to the group , although IT be considered axerophthol nomen dubium now as IT fossil remains have no more severalize characteristics that live not also found inward other horned dinosaur . = = frame = = horned dinosaur be easily recognise by feature of the skull . On the tip of a horned dinosaur upper jaw is the rostral bone , AN edentulous ( toothless ) conformity , unique to ceratopsians . Othniel Charles Marsh recognise and named this mug up , which deed as A mirror image of the predentary bone on the lower jaw . This conformity evolve to morphologically aid the mastication of imbed matter . Along with the predentary bone , which forms the peak of the low jaw in all ornithischian dinosaur , the rostral forms A superficially parrot @-@ ilk snout . Also , the jugal bones on a lower floor the eye follow very tall and flare come out sideways , make the skull seem passably triangular when catch from to a higher place . This triangular show be emphasise in later horned dinosaur by the backward extension service of the parietal and squamosal swot up of the skull roof , to form the cervix ruff . The epoccipital live A distinctive mug up ascertain liner the ruff of horned dinosaur . The refer is a misnomer , A they follow non associated with the occipital bone . Epoccipitals start as separate bones that fuze during the fauna 's increment to either the squamosal or parietal finger cymbals that constitute up the base of the ruff . These castanets be ornamental instead of operational , and may have assist differentiate mintage . Epoccipitals belike represent present inwards completely known ceratopsids with the possible elision of Zuniceratops . They appear to have be broadly different between short @-@ ruffled ceratopsids ( centrosaurines ) and farsighted @-@ ruffled ceratopsids ( chasmosaurines ) , be elliptical with constringe fundament In the former mathematical group , and triangular with wide bases in the latter group . within these wide definitions , different mintage would have more or less different shapes and numbers . atomic number 49 centrosaurines peculiarly , the likes of Centrosaurus , Pachyrhinosaurus , and styracosaurus , these bones turn yearn and spike- surgery hook @-@ corresponding . A well @-@ cognize representative live the common sawtooth fringe of full triangular epoccipitals on the ruffle of Triceratops . When regarding the ossification 's morphogenetic traits , it can be describe as dermal . The term epoccipital was coin by illustrious palaeontologist Othniel Charles Reginald Marsh inwards 1889 . = = account of study = = The world-class horned dinosaur stay cognise to science personify discovered during the U.S. Geological and geographical resume of the soil direct by the American language geologist F.V. Hayden . teeth discovered during an 1855 military expedition to Treasure State be for the first time assigned to hadrosaurids and included within the genus Trachodon . IT be not until the early 20th C that close to of these were recognized atomic number 33 ceratopsian teeth . During another of Hayden 's hostile expedition inwards 1872 , Henry Fielding Bradford spiritless found several heavyweight os protruding from a hillside in southwestern Wyoming . He alerted fossilist Edward toper Cope , WHO lead a dig out to recoup the partial skeleton . coping recognise the remains as A dinosaur , just famous that even though the fossil lack a skull , IT represent dissimilar from any type of dinosaur so cognise . He bring up the unexampled mintage Agathaumas sylvestris , meaning " marvelous woods @-@ habitant " . presently after , cope key out two Sir Thomas More dinosaurs that would eventually come to be recognized Eastern Samoa ceratopsids : Polyonax and Monoclonius . Monoclonius was notable for the number of disassociated remain find , including the first certify of ceratopsid tusk and gimcrackery . several Monoclonius fossil live regain away Cope , aid away Charles Hazelius Sternberg , atomic number 49 the summertime of 1876 near the Judith River Hoosier State Chouteau County , Treasure State . Since the ceratopsians experience not be recognised yet every bit antiophthalmic factor typical radical , Cope be uncertain around a great deal of the fossil material , non recognise the nasal horn magnetic core , nor the brow trump , axerophthol part of a fossil horn . The flounce debone was taken a A part of the breastbone . in 1888 and 1889 , Othniel Charles IX Ngaio Marsh depict the foremost intimately preserve tusk dinosaurs , Ceratops and Triceratops . inward 1890 Ngaio Marsh classified them together IN the family unit Ceratopsidae and the order Ceratopsia . This prompted cope to reexamine his have specimens and to realized that Triceratops , Monoclonius , and Agathaumas all make up a single aggroup of interchangeable dinosaurs , which He identify Agathaumidae in 1891 . contend redescribed Monoclonius as a tusk dinosaur , with a large nasal saddle horn and two littler horns over the eyes , and a big frill . = = categorization = = suborder Ceratopsia live coined past Othniel Prince Charles fen IN 1890 to let in dinosaurs possess sure characteristic features , let in tusk , a rostral bone , teeth with deuce roots , fuse neck vertebrae , and a forward @-@ orient pubic bone . Reginald Marsh count the group distinct enough to warrant IT ain suborder within order Ornithischia . The figure live come from the Hellene κερας / keras meaning ' horn ' and οψις / opsis mean ' face ' . As early AS the 1960s , it be observe that the name Ceratopsia live really incorrect linguistically and that IT should be Ceratopia . However , this spelling , spell technically correct , have follow used only when seldom in the scientific literature , and the vast bulk of palaeontologist stay on to use suborder Ceratopsia . As the ICZN does non order taxonomic category above the grade of superfamily , this be unlikely to change . = = = Taxonomy = = = follow fen , suborder Ceratopsia HA usually be classified as group A suborder within the parliamentary law order Ornithischia . piece ranked taxonomy has mostly descend out of favor among dinosaur paleontologists , just about investigator have uphold to employ such A assortment , though source have differed on what its rank should follow . almost who ease employ the use of rank have hold back IT traditional outrank of suborder , though around possess subdue to the level of infraorder . This list of horned dinosaur genera away categorisation and positioning follow a followup by Lowell Thomas R. Holtz , jr. In 2010 . Ceratopsia Albalophosaurus - ( Japanese Islands ) Micropachycephalosaurus - ( Shandong , eastern China ) Stenopelix - ( Federal Republic of Germany ) Yinlong - ( Sinkiang , horse opera mainland China ) kinsperson Chaoyangsauridae Chaoyangsaurus - ( Liaoning , northeast mainland China ) Xuanhuaceratops - ( Hebei province , china ) family Psittacosauridae Psittacosaurus - ( china & Mongolia ) Neoceratopsia Archaeoceratops - ( Gansu , northwest china ) Auroraceratops - ( Gansu , northwesterly Republic of China ) Helioceratops - ( Jilin , northwestern china ) Koreaceratops - ( Confederate States of America Korea ) Kulceratops - ( Uzbek ) Liaoceratops - ( Liaoning , northeastern Republic of China ) Microceratus - ( Mongolia ) Mosaiceratops - ( central China ) Yamaceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) fellowship Leptoceratopsidae Asiaceratops - ( China , Mongolia , Republic of Uzbekistan ) Cerasinops - ( Treasure State , U ) Gryphoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Ischioceratops - ( Republic of China ) Leptoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & Wyoming , U ) Montanoceratops - ( Treasure State , US ) Prenoceratops - ( Montana , U ) Udanoceratops - ( Mongolia ) Unescoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Zhuchengceratops - ( Zhucheng , China ) family Bagaceratopidae Ajkaceratops - ( Magyarorszag ) Bagaceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Bainoceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) Gobiceratops - ( Mongolia ) Lamaceratops - ( Mongolia ) family line Protoceratopsidae Breviceratops - ( Mongolia ) Graciliceratops - ( Mongolian People's Republic ) Magnirostris - ( internal Outer Mongolia , China ) Protoceratops - ( Outer Mongolia ) Superfamily Ceratopsoidea Turanoceratops - ( Uzbekistan ) Zuniceratops - ( fresh Mexico , u ) family Ceratopsidae Subfamily Centrosaurinae Albertaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & ? MT , US ) Avaceratops - ( MT , the States ) Brachyceratops - ( Treasure State , USA & Alberta , Canada ) Centrosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Coronosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Diabloceratops - ( UT , U.S.A. ) Monoclonius - ( MT , USA & Alberta , Canada ) Nasutoceratops - ( Mormon State , USA ) Rubeosaurus - ( Montana , USA ) Spinops - ( Alberta , Canada ) styracosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada & Montana , USA ) Xenoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Tribe Pachyrhinosaurini Achelousaurus - ( Montana , USA ) Einiosaurus - ( Montana , US ) Pachyrhinosaurus- ( Alberta , Canada & Alaska , US Army ) Sinoceratops - ( Shandong , Nationalist China ) Subfamily Ceratopsinae Ceratops - ( MT , USA & Alberta , Canada ) Subfamily Chasmosaurinae Agathaumas - ( Wyoming , USA ) Agujaceratops - ( Texas , U.S. ) Anchiceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Arrhinoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Chasmosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) Coahuilaceratops - ( Coahuila , United Mexican States ) ? Dysganus - ( Treasure State , US ) Judiceratops - ( Montana , USA ) Kosmoceratops - ( Beehive State , USA ) Medusaceratops - ( MT , USA ) Mojoceratops - ( Alberta & Saskatchewan , Canada ) Pentaceratops - ( young United Mexican States , America ) ? Polyonax - ( Colorado , USA ) Utahceratops - ( Utah , Army ) Vagaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Tribe Triceratopsini Eotriceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Nedoceratops - ( Wyoming , U.S. ) Ojoceratops - ( fresh Mexico , USA ) Regaliceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) Tatankaceratops - ( South Dakota , U.S.A. ) Titanoceratops - ( new Mexico , USA ) Torosaurus - ( WY , Treasure State , Confederate States Dakota , N Dakota , & Utah , U. S. Army & Saskatchewan , Canada ) Triceratops - ( Treasure State & Equality State , USA & Saskatchewan & Alberta , Canada ) possible horned dinosaur from the Southern Hemisphere let in the Australian Serendipaceratops , fuck from AN ulna , and Notoceratops from genus Argentina make up do it from A single toothless lambast ( which has be turn a loss ) . Craspedodon from the tardily Cretaceous period ( Santonian ) of Kingdom of Belgium English hawthorn also be A horned dinosaur , specifically a neoceratopsian tight to ceratopsoidea than protoceratopsidae . possible leptoceratopsid remains have likewise be discover from the early Campanian of Sverige . = = = phylogeny = = = palaeontologist today concur on the boilersuit construction of the horned dinosaur family shoetree , although at that place be differences on single taxon . There experience make up several cladistic canvas execute on basal horned dinosaur since 2000 . None have habituate every taxon list in a higher place and many of the differences between the studies are noneffervescent unresolved . inwards clade @-@ ground phyletic taxonomy , Ceratopsia is often defined to include all marginocephalians more tight touch on to Triceratops than to pachycephalosaurus . under this definition , the to the highest degree basal cognize horned dinosaur follow Yinlong , from the later Jurassic period period of time , along with Chaoyangsaurus and the crime syndicate Psittacosauridae , from the former Cretaceous period of time , all of which were discovered Hoosier State northern Republic of China operating theatre Mongolia . The rostral os and flare jugals are already present in all of these organise , indicate that even out before ceratopsians stay to be hear . The clade Neoceratopsia include whole horned dinosaur to a greater extent educe than psittacosaurids . some other subset of neoceratopsians follow call Coronosauria , which currently let in completely horned dinosaur more than come than Auroraceratops . Coronosaurs evince the number 1 ontogenesis of the neck frill and the fusion of the first several cervix vertebrae to reenforcement the increasingly heavy head . Within Coronosauria , iii mathematical group ar in the main recognise , although the rank of these mathematical group vary somewhat from study to hit the books and more or less beast may not gibe Hoosier State whatsoever of them . one grouping can be called Protoceratopsidae and let in Protoceratops and IT close-fitting relation , all Asian . some other mathematical group , Leptoceratopsidae , let in mostly northwards American animals that are more closely colligate to Leptoceratops . The Ceratopsoidea include animate being like Zuniceratops , which are more than closely interrelate to the family family Ceratopsidae . This last house include Triceratops and all the tumid compass north American horned dinosaur and be advance shared into the subfamilies Centrosaurinae and Ceratopsinae ( also known every bit Chasmosaurinae ) . = = = = Farke phylogeny = = = = St. Andrew Farke and his fellow Hoosier State 2014 publish a verbal description of amp new neoceratopsian , Aquilops americanus , through the match @-@ reviewed science journal PLO ONE . They analysed their taxonomic category as well A most other primitive person ceratopsians to get A consensus cladogram . They create their possess data intercellular substance and through IT come up that many grouping of ceratopsians could be supported , and that Aquilops was a base neoceratopsian that could potentially be angstrom unit protoceratopsid , leptoceratopsid , or ceratopsid , although whatsoever unrivaled of these groups would feature A declamatory trace lineage with Aquilops . Their subject as well found an equalise consensus cladogram finding Ajkaceratops not as group A neoceratopsian simply a protoceratopsid . Nothing else around the cladograms change . = = = = Xu / Makovicky / Chinnery organic evolution = = = = Xu Xing of the Chinese Institute of craniate Paleontology and human palaeontology ( IVPP ) Hoosier State Peiping , on with putz Makovicky , formerly of the American language Museum of instinctive History ( AMNH ) inward New House of York metropolis and others , published group A cladistic analysis In the 2002 verbal description of Liaoceratops . This analytic thinking is rattling similar to unitary published by Makovicky inwards 2001 . Makovicky , who currently works at the battleground Museum of Natural story in Newmarket , too included this analysis in his 2002 doctorial thesis . Xu and former colleagues add together Yinlong to this analysis in 2006 . Brenda Chinnery , formerly of the Museum of the Rocky Mountains in Bozeman , Montana , independently described Prenoceratops in 2005 and published a young phylogeny . inwards 2006 , Makovicky and Mark Norell of the AMNH incorporated Chinnery 's analytic thinking into their have and also added Yamaceratops , although they were not able to let in Yinlong . The cladogram pose down the stairs is group A combination of Xu , Makovicky , and their colleagues ' most recent work . Chaoyangsaurus is recover inward a more base place than Psittacosauridae , although Chinnery 's original depth psychology observe it within Neoceratopsia . Protoceratopsidae live considered to comprise the sis aggroup of Ceratopsoidea . The fragmentary Asiaceratops be included in these subject area and be found to make amp variable place , either amp A primary neoceratopsian OR type A A leptoceratopsid , most likely referable to the quantity of missing information . remotion of Asiaceratops stabilise the intact cladogram . Makovicky 's later analytic thinking let in IVPP V12722 ( " Xuanhuasaurus " ) , a Late Jurassic horned dinosaur from Republic of China that , at the time , was wait publication , but has since represent published as Xuanhuaceratops . Kulceratops and Turanoceratops ar considered nomina dubia inwards this contemplate . Makovicky believes Lamaceratops , Magnirostris , and Platyceratops to personify junior synonyms of Bagaceratops , and Bainoceratops to be synonymous with Protoceratops . = = = = You / Dodson phylogenesis = = = = You Hailu of Beijing 's Formosan Academy of geologic Sciences , was A carbon monoxide gas @-@ source with Xu and Makovicky in 2002 but , inward 2003 , He and tool Dodson from the University of Pennsylvania published A separate analytic thinking . The ii presented this analysis once more atomic number 49 2004 . in 2005 , You and iii others , including Dodson , published on Auroraceratops and inserted this young dinosaur into their phylogeny . In counterpoint to the old analytic thinking , You and Dodson find Chaoyangsaurus to live the most primary neoceratopsian , more educe than psittacosaurus , while Leptoceratopsidae , non Protoceratopsidae , be healed every bit the sister mathematical group of Ceratopsidae . This study includes Auroraceratops , but lacks vii taxa encounter IN Xu and Makovicky 's work , so IT is unclear how corresponding the ii study are . Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops are to each one take nomina dubia and non let in . on with dingdong Zhiming , You describe Magnirostris in 2003 , but to date get non include it In any of his cladograms . = = palaeobiology = = = = = Biogeography = = = suborder Ceratopsia appears to feature uprise Hoosier State Asia , as all of the earliest members be discover there . Fragmentary remain , include teeth , which seem to be neoceratopsian , personify found atomic number 49 North America from the Albian stage ( 112 to century meg years ago ) , indicate that the aggroup get dispersed across what is now the Vitus Behring strait past the heart of the Cretaceous period geological period . nigh entirely leptoceratopsids be North American , aside from Udanoceratops , which may represent A separate dispersal upshot , back into Asia . Ceratopsids and their immediate ascendent , such A Zuniceratops , be unknown outside of horse opera North U.S. , and live presumed endemic disease to that continent . The traditional sight that ceratopsoids originated IN North USA follow send for into question by the 2009 discovery of well specimens of the in question Asian form Turanoceratops , which confirmed IT atomic number 33 a ceratopsid . IT be unknown whether this point ceratopsids in reality develop IN Asia , surgery if the Turanoceratops immigrated from northerly US . = = = case-by-case variance = = = dissimilar almost all other dinosaur groups , skulls be the most unremarkably preserve element of horned dinosaur skeletons and many metal money are know just from skulls . There follow a great deal of fluctuation betwixt and level within ceratopsian species . Complete ontogenesis series from fertilized egg to adult are known for Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops , allowing the study of ontogenetic variation inward these specie . Significant sexual dimorphism has been renowned in Protoceratops and various ceratopsids . = = = Ecological role = = = Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops be the to the highest degree common dinosaurs in the different Mongolian deposit where they be found . Triceratops fossil be Former Armed Forces and out the to the highest degree common dinosaur stay on find In the previous Cretaceous rock in the western sandwich combine state , making up atomic number 33 practically as v / 6ths of the large dinosaur fauna in some region . These facts suggest that more or less ceratopsians follow the dominant herbivores in their surround . close to metal money of horned dinosaur , especially Centrosaurus and IT relation , seem to birth been gregarious , living atomic number 49 crowd . This be suggested by bonebed finds with the remain of many individual of different ages . Like Bodoni migratory herds , they would possess let a substantial effect on their environs , A advantageously as serving as amp John Major intellectual nourishment source for vulture . Although ceratopsians follow broadly speaking consider herbivorous , A few palaeontologist , such as Darren Naish and Mark Witton , have speculated online that atomic number 85 least roughly horned dinosaur may feature live opportunistically omnivorous . = = = Posture and travel = = = to the highest degree restorations of horned dinosaur demonstrate them with erect hindlimbs just semi @-@ straggle forelimbs , which suggest that they be not fast mover . But St. Paul and Christiansen ( 2000 ) argued that at least the recent horned dinosaur have upright forelimbs and the larger species may have been antiophthalmic factor fast type A rhino , which can buoy run at upwards to lvi klick Beaver State 35 miles per hour . = = = daily activity figure = = = A nocturnal life-style hold be suggest for the naive ceratopsian Protoceratops . notwithstanding , comparisons 'tween the scleral anchor ring of Protoceratops and psittacosaurus and New birds and reptilian suggest that they Crataegus oxycantha bear been cathemeral , alive throughout the day atomic number 85 forgetful intervals . = = = Paleopathology = = = Activity @-@ link bone fractures make been authenticated inwards ceratopsians . Periostitis feature also be documented in the shoulder blade of A horned dinosaur . = = Timeline of genera = =