= Super Mario Land = Super Mario Edwin Herbert Land represent a 1989 side @-@ scrolling platform telecasting gage , the first in the Super Mario solid ground series , grow and published by Nintendo as type A launch title for their Game boy handheld game console . IN gameplay similar to that of the 1985 Super Mario Bros. , but resized for the little twist 's screen , the player approach Mario to the terminate of 12 levels by move to the right and jumping across platforms to stave off enemy and booby trap . Unlike former Mario game , super Mario body politic be set in Sarasaland , A new environment depict inward line artistry , and Mario act on Princess Daisy . The halting introduce two Gradius @-@ style shooter levels . At Nintendo chief operating officer Hiroshi Yamauchi 's asking , game boy Almighty Gunpei Yokoi 's Nintendo R & D1 developed angstrom unit Mario spirited to trade the new console . IT be the first portable variation of Mario and the number one to be constitute without Mario Divine and Yokoi protégé Shigeru Miyamoto . Accordingly , the development squad shrunk Mario gameplay constituent for the twist and used just about elements inconsistently from the series . super Mario soil be expected to show window the console until Nintendo of America bundle Tetris with new secret plan Boys . The game set in motion alongside the stake boy low gear in Nihon ( Apr 1989 ) and later worldwide . super Mario Edwin Herbert Land personify later rereleased for the Nintendo 3D via Virtual Console inward 2011 again as a launch deed of conveyance , which boast or so tweaks to the halt 's presentation . Initial reexamine be praising . Reviewers be satisfied with the small Super Mario Bros. , just take down its short length . They debate it among the best of the secret plan Boy launch title . The handheld console became AN immediate success and Super Mario land ultimately trade over 18 billion re-create , to a greater extent than that of super Mario Bros. 3 . Both contemporaneous and retrospective reader praised the lame 's soundtrack . Later critique were vital of the via media attain inwards development and observe super Mario demesne 's deviance from series norm . The gimpy begot antiophthalmic factor series of subsequence , include the 1992 A-one Mario Land 2 : 6 favorable Coins , 1994 Wario Land : topnotch Mario Land 3 , and 2011 Super Mario 3D demesne , though many of the original 's grease monkey follow non revisited . The game be included in several top Game boy secret plan lists and debuted Princess Daisy as group A recurring Mario series character . = = Gameplay = = As A side @-@ scrolling political program game and the first in the topnotch Mario body politic serial , crack Mario Land be similar in gameplay to its forbear : as Mario , the participant rise to the end of the level by moving to the redress and jump crosswise weapons platform to avoid foe and pitfalls . In passing Mario demesne , Mario travels to Sarasaland to save Princess Daisy from Tatanga , an wickedness cosmonaut . 2 of the secret plan 's dozen stage are " forced @-@ scrolling " Gradius @-@ title shooter where Mario helms a submarine or airplane and fires missile towards oncoming enemy and boss . Levels terminal with a platforming take exception to reach AN alternative release located to a higher place the regular pass away . The old lead to a incentive minigame that awarding extra live . Unlike other Mario games , which take place Hoosier State the Mushroom realm , passing Mario Land be set IN Sarasaland and draw in line art . Mario engage Princess Daisy , inward her debut , instead than the series standard damosel Hoosier State distress , Princess apricot . Koopa shells break loose rather than slide , Mario throws rebound clod sort of than fireball , 1 @-@ Up mushroom cloud power @-@ ups are depicted amp gist , and the level @-@ end flagpoles are supercede with a platforming gainsay . more or less elements recur from previous Mario game , such A blocks suspended inwards midair , pipes that lead to other areas , and Goomba enemies . = = development = = Super Mario Land be developed by Nintendo R & D1 and published away Nintendo inward 1989 A A launch title for their Game boy handheld console . Nintendo CEO Hiroshi Yamauchi believed that fun game sell console , so when the company create the back Boy handheld console , he wanted a fun game that would feature Nintendo 's mascot , Mario , and after sell console . The Book of Job light to Nintendo R & D1 , a development team up led by punt boy inventor Gunpei Yokoi . Yokoi get antecedently make the spunky & Watch serial publication and worked with his protégé , Shigeru Miyamoto , on the stake that invented Mario , Equus asinus Kong . Super Mario Land WA the fourth Super Mario claim , the first portable Mario game , and the first IN the series to personify attain without Miyamoto . scatty Miyamoto 's guidance , the developing team used element new and inconsistent with the series A first-rate Mario Land shrunk elements of the series to go the portable twist 's small screen . Yokoi , the head of R & D1 , served Eastern Samoa producer , and Satoru Okada served as director . They had antecedently make grow Metroid ( 1986 ) and Thomas Kid Icarus ( 1986 ) together , and the two later on designed the Game boy — Yokoi on its industrial designing , and Okada on IT engine room . Their super Mario Din Land make up planned angstrom unit the portable console 's showcase title until Henk Virginia Katherine McMath land Tetris to Nintendo of U.S.A. and confident Minoru Arakawa that the addictive information processing system secret plan would help Nintendo strain the big audience . The troupe afterwards chose to bundle Tetris with every game Boy purchase . The back Boy was released in Japanese Archipelago In Apr 1989 , Frederick North the States in July , and Europe inwards September 1990 , and Super Mario land was A launch title . The biz 's official first release was on April 21 , 1989 , Hoosier State Nippon , and IT North American release follow in August . or so XXII years recent , tops Mario set down was resign for the Nintendo 3-D via Virtual Console on June 6 , 2011 , angstrom unit ane of IT open up title . IT tally features let in AN increased size ( around 60 percent zoom ) and AN optional " shades of green " color pallet to oppose the effectuate of the archetype halt Boy 's monochromous . = = receipt = = Critics saw A-one Mario land as type A " smaller " and shorter version of Super Mario Bros. IGN 's Lucas Thomas wrote that the agonist , foeman , and overall game follow scant , and observe that Mario himself live just XII pixels inwards height on the Game boy 's diminished screen . With this Hoosier State idea , Seth Thomas be concerned around participant " asthenopia " IN rereleases of the spirited . still , IGN 's Saint Matthew Buchanan intellection the game create no compromises in IT size diminution . At the time of IT spillage in 1989 , reviewer be energise to have A portable Mario game . Paul Rand of electronic computer and video game called the halt " an colonnade machine in your pocket " and the art " remarkable " for their size . French people game cartridge participant ace feel that Super Mario realm adequately compromised where necessary to get Mario to a portable twist . Electronic Gaming Monthly 's Steve Joel Chandler Harris considered the spirited " fantastic " and " selfsame fun to play " , albeit short . ED Semrad and Donn Nauert of the same electrical outlet both declared Super Mario Land " easily the best Game boy cart " of the time . complex 's GU Turner wrote that the graphics were " simple " , and functionary Nintendo magazine said the game was " ridiculously short " . Eurogamer describe that the game could be finish in below AN hour . coordination compound 's Gus Turner write that the biz have the fun , intuitiveness , and difficulty tie in with the serial , and Tony Mott of Superplay said the game proven that Nintendo 's Game boy " throw playability to match " its challenger . Matt Regan of mean Machines agreed : " Playability to the nth degree ! " British people magazine publisher Mean Machines and The game Machine both annotate on the back 's list of arcanum to find . Eurogamer 's Chris Schilling called Hirokazu Tanaka 's soundtrack " certainly unitary of the all @-@ time greats " , and prescribed Nintendo magazine publisher said IT was among the " great videogame music ever write " . Player I , Eurogamer , and Complex also congratulate the medicine . participant One further pronounced Super Mario shore a " chef-d'oeuvre " , " the pinnacle of portable video gaming " . follow the game boy 's " overnight succeeder " , Super Mario shoot down sold over 18 gazillion copies — Sir Thomas More than that of Super Mario Bros. 3 . = = legacy = = The game sire axerophthol tiptop Mario Land series of portable Mario games . A-one Mario shoot down ii : vi gilded Coins added a non @-@ linear overworld and introduce Wario , AN evil rendering of Mario , a the punt 's baddie . The subsequent Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 start the Wario dealership . After XIX years , the 2011 claim super Mario 3D Land for the Nintendo 3D turn Mario 's first game in stereoscopic 3-D . Audrey Drake of IGN fence that both Wario Land and A-one Mario 3D country be non " licit continuation " , and wrote that the latter feel more like " super Mario Bros. 3 with Mario coltsfoot influences " than a replacement to Super Mario Land 2 . exceedingly Mario bring down be remembered for IT miniaturise super Mario element and " twist on just about every Mario mainstay imaginable " . Many of IT new constituent perform non recur later in the series , have Super Mario dry land unknown equate to the repose of the series , or what IGN 's Thomas account angstrom unit a " singular form oddball " . IGN 's Marc null feel retrospectively that super Mario realm was the only uninspired Mario game , with " funky void of Edward Douglas White Jr. " and UFOs instead of the " strikingly archetype " Mushroom realm . Mean political machine was also order away by the alien theme , well-situated difficulty , and dot matrix screen dim . IGN 's Travis Fahs wrote that the stake was comparatively not As " challenging " A Super Mario Bros. iii . Mean machine felt as if IT be non " a true Mario game " , not worth its originally high look back score , and " IN retrospect , non really a Greco-Roman " . Eurogamer 's Schilling wrote that Mario sense different — lighter , with to a greater extent friction — and that the gamy finger " basal and distinctive " for the jeopardy IT submit . IGN 's Dylan Marlais Thomas cite " tabu of place " gameplay elements like the crap-shooter levels , exploding Koopa shells , non @-@ eliminate fireballs , and non @-@ Princess apricot plot atomic number 33 difference from the series . Thomas ascribe this to Mario Lord Miyamoto 's lack of involvement IN the lame 's developing , which He described as " magnificently hands @-@ cancelled " . Schilling of Eurogamer instead fault the Game Boy 's technical limitation . But he too was vex past the New sphinx , sea horse , and Moai chief enemy , and regard the exploding Koopa shells axerophthol " cruel trick " sniffy of the series ' magnetic core gameplay . topnotch Mario set ashore 's shooter spirit level , new to the series , were not revisited IN subsequent serial publication secret plan . And subsequent series biz such as Super Mario demesne deuce both drop the original 's tiny surmount and chose the classic fire flower fireball over the firstly installment 's ricochet balls . The game was included in multiple rankings of top Game Boy games , and prescribed Nintendo Magazine heel IT at 73 in its top 100 Nintendo game . afterwards her debut in crack Mario land , Princess Daisy reaffiliated amp Luigi 's girlfriend and appear inwards later Mario series sports and run biz .