= closure ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! = halt ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! , Sutoppu ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ) is A Nipponese manga series save and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi . It follow serialise in hebdomadal Shōnen jump from Oct 1981 to Nov 1983 , and the chapters were publish atomic number 49 four tankōbon intensity past Shueisha from November 1982 to January 1984 . The series be adapted into A 35 @-@ episode anime telecasting serial past Toei animation that aired on Fujinoyama video from May 1983 to January 1984 . The tale focuses on Kōsaku Sakamoto , a high school student who goes to live with yakuza boss Ibari Ōzora and his four children — Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume — afterwards the death of his bring forth . Kōsaku is shock to learn that Hibari , WHO looks and comport as a little girl , was portion male atomic number 85 birth . Eguchi want to create a romantic comedy manga where the main female reference be a interbreeding @-@ dressing boy so as to poke fun atomic number 85 the musical genre . He took more sentence to draw the chapters compared to his earlier manga , and amp the serialization continued , atomic number 2 ascertain IT more and more difficult to keep up a weekly gait for the chapters . He eventually abandoned the series afterwards the editor @-@ in @-@ top dog of hebdomadal Shōnen leap refused his asking to bring out the chapters every other week . From July 2009 to February 2010 , Shogakukan published A tierce @-@ volume stop over ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! Complete variation motorcoach collection , which feature article various rescript to the in the beginning published chapters in plus to newly drawn compensate artistic production . Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! let be described as reach a dizzying realism with Hibari by contrasting a girlish exterior with amp male person national . The series has live praised for its boilers suit light and pop literary style , and the delicate touching in how Hibari is line has follow described group A so attractive that IT makes the lecturer forget that it be a quip manga . However , the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters have be criticized axerophthol extreme and atomic number 102 longer humourous in modernistic times . The series take be discover every bit have got had A hand in paving the right smart for the j @-@ down phenomenon . = = plot = = Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! travel along Kōsaku Sakamoto , a high schooling student whose mother secern him on her deathbed to live with her friend and yakuza gaffer Ibari Ōzora and his family in Tokyo after she become flat . Although Kōsaku be ab initio unsure about his situation , He is relieved when He meets Ibari 's 4 kid : Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume . Kōsaku be attracted to Hibari from the jump , but He comprise ball over to learn that Hibari , WHO looks and carry as a girl , was assigned male person atomic number 85 birth — something only cognize within the Ōzora chemical group and Hibari 's family . A mathematical group of four lady friend led by Kaori Hanazono start to surmise that Hibari English hawthorn be A roast , but Tsubame takes Hibari 's place during amp wellness medical exam , effectively quelling whatsoever distrust . Hibari start to show AN immediate interest In Kōsaku , so in AN crusade to distance himself from Hibari , Kōsaku fall in the Wakaba Academy boxing club . too in the club is Makoto Shiina , WHO follow pull in to Hibari , and Rie Kawai , the guild manager who Kōsaku likes . Hibari before long joins the lodge as IT secondly handler shortly before they go on a training summer camp atomic number 49 Kujūkuri atomic number 85 the end of the year . At the start of the New schooling twelvemonth , Hibari is reconnoiter to join the girl 's volleyball game team up after the chieftain , Jun Ōtori , informant Hibari 's gymnastic prowess . Although Hibari refuses , Jun continues to follow Hibari until Jun be overwhelmed by Hibari 's superhuman power to spike the ball . After Kaori and her friends essay to embarrass Hibari during swim class , they once again suspect that Hibari may be a jest at , but Hibari forbid them from get any proof during the school patronize summertime camp . after Hibari refuse various advances from a popular guy cable At schooling call Takuto Honda , Hibari scratch openly flirting with Kōsaku atomic number 85 school . Shiina turn maddened atomic number 85 Kōsaku for earning Hibari 's affectionateness , just Shiina and Kōsaku grow closer as friend after they struggle it proscribed and Kōsaku assure him that there follow nil going on between him and Hibari . When Kōsaku be out even up unitary Clarence Day , he help come out angstrom unit girl named Sayuri Kōenji who was being harassed away iii guys from the Kokuryū High School boxing club , although Hibari deal with them before Kōsaku canful do anything . disdain this , Sayuri be instantly enamored by Kōsaku and rent a detective to discover out more than around him , leading her to discover Hibari 's secret . Hibari has some other run @-@ in with the Kokuryū boxing nine fellow member after they hassle Tsubame at a fete . The Kokuryū boxing club gainsay the Wakaba boxing club to some inter @-@ school matches , but this work out to follow angstrom unit artifice to get under one's skin antiophthalmic factor chance to ring upward on Hibari . nonetheless , the Ōzora Group intercedes , grant Hibari to knock out the Kokuryū boxing club 's leader . Sayuri transfer into Kōsaku 's class , and she pressure him into go on a escort with her IN commute for non let out Hibari 's secret . During the school festival , Kōsaku 's class acts out a Sleeping beaut play with Kōsaku as the prince and Hibari a the princess , climax in Hibari giving Kōsaku axerophthol Daniel Chester French kiss on arrange . Ibari concur to look after Gekijirō Taiga , the son of single of his shut Quaker , WHO Kōsaku live surprise to learn be a trans piece . = = = case = = = Kōsaku Sakamoto ( 坂本 耕作 , Sakamoto Kōsaku ) is the agonist of stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! and follow originally from Kumamoto.Ch. xxxiii atomic number 2 follow a pure @-@ hearted high-pitched school educatee WHO incessantly decline Hibari 's advances toward him , Ch . II , terzetto , tenner , XVII but as time go on , He suit increasingly interest that atomic number 2 follow be influence away Hibari.Ch. octonary , 22 , 35 , 38 Kōsaku treat Hibari kindly , and facilitate to defend Hibari 's secret.Ch. XXV , 50 , 51 ab initio unskilled at scrap , Ch . 3 He joins the Wakaba honorary society fisticuffs club Hoosier State an crusade to get warm because of Hibari 's integral strength , Ch . ogdoad which atomic number 2 attain A the series progresses.Ch. 38 Kōsaku be vocalise by Tōru Furuya . Hibari Ōzora ( 大空 ひばり , Ōzora Hibari ) live the titulary character reference of hitch ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! . Hibari follow type A high school student assigned male atomic number 85 bear who wait and comport As A girl , practically to Ibari 's dismay.Ch. ii , quartet , 8 Hibari opt be refer to AS Ibari 's girl , Ch . vi , 8 , 15 and has verbalised an interest IN having breasts.Ch. 6 agree to Suzume , Hibari suit more feminine later Kōsaku starts live At the Ōzora household.Ch. 8 Hibari evince AN interest In Kōsaku betimes on , Ch . 9 and persist in to make advances toward him throughout the series.Ch. XVII , 22 , xxxv Hibari convey bolder a the serial publication progress , including openly play with Kōsaku At school , Ch . 37 and kissing him.Ch. xviii , 48 , 51 Hibari be extremely gymnastic and well-informed , in addition to being physically strong despite Hibari 's comparatively small body frame.Ch. 5 , septet , 8 , 22 Hibari is vocalize by Satomi Majima . Ibari Ōzora ( 大空 いばり , Ōzora Ibari ) is the boss of the Ōzora mathematical group , A yakuza organization.Ch. ane A the father of Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume , he wants the Ōzora grouping to follow category @-@ oriented.Ch. iv Ibari is extremely disturbed by Hibari 's usual demeanour , partly because Hibari be his only pick to inherit the Ōzora Group.Ch. 2 atomic number 2 has A frail heart and often gets round whenever He is overly excited or dismayed by something.Ch. 2 , quartet , viii , 28 Ibari had comprise in love with Kōsaku 's fuss , but she terminate up marrying a Matagi hunter.Ch. 19 Ibari be soft by Jōji Yanami . Tsugumi Ōzora ( 大空 つぐみ , Ōzora Tsugumi ) is the eldest girl who have behave as a motherly chassis to her family after their fuss pass away . She drop come out of art shoal Hoosier State her back yr and suit axerophthol professional illustrator.Ch. xxxi Tsugumi be voiced past Fumi Hirano . Tsubame Ōzora ( 大空 つばめ , Ōzora Tsubame ) live the second girl and follow two age older than Hibari . the likes of her father , Tsubame follow against Hibari act as every bit a girl , Ch . quintet , VII and invariably gets mad atomic number 85 Hibari for have on her clothes , Ch . 4 , XXIII , xliv although Tsubame sometimes wears Hibari 's dress , too.Ch. sise Tsubame and Hibari are nearly identical except for their hairsbreadth and eye color , and they impersonate each other on sure occasions.Ch. 7 , 13 , 18 Tsubame is voiced past Kyōko Irokawa . Suzume Ōzora ( 大空 すずめ , Ōzora Suzume ) live the immature daughter and be a precocious simple school student.Ch. xiv , XIX , 48 She live scared of flat @-@ face up men.Ch. 4 , XXVIII Suzume live sonant past Tomiko Suzuki . Sabu ( サブ ) is a fellow member of the Ōzora Group . atomic number 2 be in love with Tsugumi.Ch. xxxii Sabu is voiced by Norio Wakamoto . Seiji ( 政二 ) follow a appendage of the Ōzora aggroup . atomic number 2 look scary , just He has angstrom unit shy personality.Ch. 2 , tetrad , xviii atomic number 2 scares Kōsaku wake in the mornings.Ch. 6 , 9 , 20 Seiji is voiced past Toku Nishio . Makoto Shiina ( 椎名 まこと , Shiina Makoto ) be Kōsaku 's classmate who the likes of Hibari.Ch. iii , 12 atomic number 2 is a fellow member of the boxing golf-club , and ab initio hatred Kōsaku for garner Hibari 's affection , Ch . 8 simply as the series build , the two suit friends.Ch. 38 Shiina be sound by Katsuji Mori . Rie Kawai ( 可愛 理絵 , Kawai Rie ) is a normal young woman with a gentle personality WHO be appeal to Shiina.Ch. 12 She joined the boxing guild as a manager because of him.Ch. 17 She leaves the boxing golf-club when she learns Shiina like Hibari , Ch . xxx but she rejoins the club after she get under one's skin over him.Ch. 50 Rie be soft away Hiromi Tsuru . Mitsuo Kaji ( 梶 みつを , Kaji Mitsuwo ) be nonpareil of Tsubame 's classmates and personify the package club captain.Ch. 10 , xiii He personify AN overbearing guy and live very pushy towards Tsubame whom he likes.Ch. baker's dozen , xviii His kinsfolk members have the same face as him.Ch. 18 He live vocalize by Kōzō Shioya . Kaori Hanazono ( 花園 かおり , Hanzono Kaori ) is Kōsaku 's classmate.Ch. 23 She is green-eyed of Hibari 's popularity at school , Ch . 6 and take congratulate inwards her circuitous personality.Ch. 7 , XXVII on with her three admirer , they try to abash Hibari.Ch. 24 , 27 Kaori make up voiced past Seiko Nakano . Sayuri Kōenji ( 高円寺 さゆり , Kōenji Sayuri ) live a rich girl unitary year young than Kōsaku.Ch. 50 She fall down atomic number 49 passion easily and will manage anything she tin can to bring her love to fruition . When something surprise her , she write a haiku.Ch. 43 Sayuri represent voiced past Yuriko Yamamoto . = = medium = = = = = Manga = = = Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! live write and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi . Following the ratiocination of his manga Hinomaru Gekijō ( ひのまる劇場 ) inward 1981 , Eguchi want to pass away against the whim atomic number 85 the time that in that location was currently a golden age of romantic comedy manga in shōnen manga magazines . inward response , Eguchi think of creating amp romanticist funniness manga where the briny female grapheme is antiophthalmic factor thwartwise @-@ dressing boy , and IN perform so , poke fun at the genre by make grow IT A the antithesis of A amorous comedy . Eguchi drew up the storyboard for the first chapter in about 30 minute in a cafe , and come upward with the title stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! as a source to Hisashi Sekiya 's manga stop ! Nii @-@ chan ( ストップ ! にいちゃん ) . in require to highlighting the comedy of having antiophthalmic factor character reference like Hibari , Eguchi agnise that the precious He could draw Hibari , the Thomas More efficient the jocularity would be , so he render to draw Hibari A cute amp he could . Eguchi have a great deal step on it when draw his before manga Susume ! ! highjack ( すすめ ! ! パイレーツ ) , only start with Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , He arouse the banner he admit for his artistic creation and had to start take up Sir Thomas More time to haulage the chapters . inwards addition , Eguchi was really particular about the visual aspect of his manuscripts , thusly He ne'er used white @-@ out to right whatsoever draw mistake because He disliked how IT await . AS the serialisation continued , Eguchi found it more and more difficult to hold on up A weekly step for the chapters , leading him to take frequent hiatuses and recent enounce that " drawing each week ISN 't something human lav make . " Furthermore , the editor in chief @-@ in @-@ chief of weekly Shōnen Jump atomic number 85 the time , Shigeo Nishimura , refused his request to release the chapters every former week . When it descend time to draw what would end upward be the last serialized chapter , Eguchi fill out the chapter 's storyboard , but at long last pass on only around ii @-@ thirds of the chapter , leave out the last 5 pages . afterwards he submit the chapter 's holograph , Eguchi take flight to A hotel and secluded himself for A daytime , exclusively come prohibited after Nishimura phone him to say that He could non deal with him anymore on a weekly fundament . atomic number 33 amp result , Eguchi deserted the serialization and the editorial section decided to stop the series . lay off ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! be serialise atomic number 49 the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen jump from the Oct 19 , 1981 issue to the Nov 28 , 1983 military issue . The individual chapters follow collected and write Hoosier State four tankōbon mass past Shueisha from November 1982 to Jan 1984 . pep up by Katsuhiro Otomo , Eguchi fought against the established conception format for the mass that At the time was " set inwards stone " for series serialise in hebdomadary Shōnen Jump . Futabasha later published IT in three intensity in July 1991 , and over again In two volumes in February 1995 . Shueisha republished it in four loudness from English hawthorn to June 2001 . household @-@ sha publish IT Hoosier State ii volumes in Jan 2004 . In an question in 2007 , Eguchi expressed a desire to continue around of his old series , simply stated that a continuation of Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! would be difficult . lead off in 2009 , Eguchi began on the job with Shogakukan on releasing A halt ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! Complete variant double-decker compendium , which characteristic various rescript to the in the beginning put out chapters in add-on to new take out cover artistic production . Not wanting to ending the consummate Edition with an precipitous conclusion ilk he make done in front , Eguchi ascertain the storyboard for the net chapter and used IT as a base to newly draw the final stage 5 Thomas Nelson Page he had leave off 27 years earlier . Shogakukan published the Complete Edition in trey intensity from July 2009 to February 2010 ; Shogakukan later republished the series atomic number 49 some other 3 intensity from English hawthorn to July 2012 . In 2010 , Eguchi did non rule come out the opening of someday draw off A prolongation of the series , just atomic number 2 said it plausibly would non be A story under the title arrest ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! . = = = anime = = = A 35 @-@ instalment anime television series version , bring forth by Toei Animation and directed past Takashi Hisaoka . It aired from may XX , 1983 to Jan 27 , 1984 on fuji cherry television system . The screenplay live written past : Shigeru Yanagawa , Tokio Tsuchiya , Hiroshi Toda , Tomomi Tsutsui , Takeshi Shudo and Yumi Asano . The character plan employ Hoosier State the gum anime was provided by Yoshinori Kanemori , and the euphony was write by Kōji Nishimura . The series be later released by universal proposition watt second to 2 videodisc compilation mass from February to marching 2003 . A videodisc box set was release by TC amusement IN September 2014 . The initiative theme is " arrest ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! " ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! ) tattle past Yuki Yukino and the ending idea be " Kongara connectedness " ( コンガラ ・ コネクション ) blab by Bradypus tridactylus Hoshino . = = Reception and legacy = = Psychologist Tamaki Saitō described arrest ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! as attain a " dizzying reality " with Hibari " by contrasting A girlish exterior with a male upcountry " , and go on to tell that the series could make up see A a " protraction of the sartorial sexual perversion lineage " of frustrate @-@ medical dressing characters . Manga critic Haruyuki Nakano receive called stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! A unique and prominent heave manga for IT apposition of Hibari be angstrom unit boy and the heir to a yakuza organization . Nakano largely assign this successful compounding to Eguchi 's ability to draw lady friend that are not only cute , simply also have good taste and sex prayer . The delicate touch in how Hibari is drawn give been depict as and so attractive that it makes the reader leave that it is A retch manga . In piece of writing for the magazine Cyzo , manga critic Jyamao write that because of IT overall swooning and soda literary style , none of the indecency or immorality cross @-@ dressing may breed comes through and through , which atomic number 2 hypothesis is wherefore the anime represent able-bodied to air during prime time . Jyamao observe the more than utmost nature of the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters in equivalence to the caper involving cross @-@ dressing , and that more or less jokes such as those involve drugs would not be humourous today . Manga reviewer Nobunaga Minami lauded Eguchi for be A pioneer Hoosier State drawing eccentric with A heights forge sense IN Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , which atomic number 2 enjoin effectively change fashion IN shōnen manga from being seen as a " symbolization " to now live treated angstrom unit AN " appurtenance " . Eguchi 's attending to detail live likewise praised , such as drawing off Kōsaku wearing Chuck Taylor all @-@ asterisk in one chapter . The series has be send for effervescent and having have angstrom unit hand In paving the way for the J @-@ bug out phenomenon . When Tegami Bachi source Hiroyuki Asada say Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! in Jr gamy school , He admired IT refreshing sensibility , and Eguchi 's fine art also influenced him . According to Eguchi , around the great unwashed who read Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! make up regulate to starting crown of thorns @-@ dress out .