= Turdus pilaris = The fieldfare ( Turdus pilaris ) be a member of the thrush home family Turdidae . It breeds In timberland and bush in northern Europe and Asia . IT personify strongly migratory , with many northern birds moving Confederate States during the winter . IT be A rattling rare stock breeder in the Brits Isles , but overwinter in large number in the United realm , southern EU , North Africa and the Middle Orient . IT make up omnivorous , eat a panoptic array of molluscs , insects and angleworm in the summertime , and berries , grain and seeds in the winter . Turdus pilaris often nest in small settlement , perchance for protection from predators . The nest be built in a Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree where five or six eggs live repose . The biddy are fed past both parents and leave the nest after a two weeks . in that location may be 2 hatch in southern part of the reach but only I farther northerly . transmigrate birdie and wintering birds often word form with child flocks , often in the troupe of Agelaius phoeniceus . The fieldfare represent 25 atomic number 96 ( 10 in ) longsighted , with a grey top , make out and behind , type A plain brownness back , dark wing and rump and Caucasian underwings . The breast and wing be heavily spotted . The breast has a scarlet race and the rest of the underparts follow white . The sexual practice are similar inwards coming into court just the females be somewhat to a greater extent John Brown . The virile has a uncomplicated click song and the bird have various pharyngeal consonant flight and alarm telephone call . = = Etymology = = The English commons name fieldfare dates back to at least the eleventh century . The Anglo @-@ Saxon word feldefare mayhap mean traveller through the field of honor . The species be described by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae ( 1758 ) under IT current scientific name . The name genus Turdus pilaris comes from II separate Latin words for thrush . No race are recognize . = = verbal description = = The fieldfare is easily placeable with its slate @-@ grey head , nape and rump , dark brownness back , blackish tail and boldly speckled breast . in flight , its white below wing @-@ covert and axillaries be conspicuous . The rough flying call " tsak tsak " be also distinctive . The forehead and crown of the male person be bluish @-@ grey and from each one feather have a central chocolate-brown @-@ smutty band . The lores and below @-@ centre region are blackened and there are faint , pale streak supra the optic . The ear covert , nape , hind neck and croup are bluish @-@ Zane Grey , usually with angstrom unit white streak skinny the shaft of for each one rump square . The scapulars and Mickey Mantle feathers are dark chestnut tree @-@ brown with dark primal run and pallid tips . thither are xiv tail end square each with a point wind , the tabu two slightly shorter than the others giving a rounded backside . They are dark-brown @-@ black , with invisible darker BAR seeable in some illumination . The outer edge of apiece tail end feather is fringed with gray near the base and the outer pair of feathers have A constringe white border on the privileged edge . The mentum , pharynx and pep pill breast are creamy @-@ buff with bold face streak and speckles of brownish @-@ blackened . The low-toned breast is creamy @-@ T. H. White with a belittle buff tinge and fewer maculation and the paunch live similarly creamy @-@ white , with the speckles restricted to the uppermost parts . The primary ar dark-brown @-@ black with the leading edge laciniate grey and the privileged edge of the out feathering gray draw near the base whereas the interior square are fringed with brown near the base . The secondary winding are similar but fringed with chestnut tree @-@ Brown on the in the lead sharpness . The upper wing @-@ cover are brownish @-@ black and like to the stunned primary feather in their margin colouration . The axillaries and under wing @-@ coverts live white and the under tail @-@ coverts have dark greyish @-@ John Brown bases and perimeter and White person centre and tips . The beak is substantial , with type A slight curve and A nick near the pourboire . It is orange @-@ yellowed in overwinter , with the speed mandible somewhat brownish and both mandible tips chocolate-brown @-@ black . IN the summertime both mandibular bone of the male 's snout are lily-livered . The irises be dark brown and the leg and feet ar Brown . The ordinary adult length is 25 cm ( 9 @.@ 8 in ) , the winglength live 14 @.@ 5 centimetre ( quintet @.@ heptad atomic number 49 ) and the tarsal bone length 3 @.@ v cm ( i @.@ 4 in ) . The female is rattling similar to the manly but the upper parts are somewhat more than brownish and the feathers on the crown have narrow fatal central stripes . The throat and breast make up paler with fewer , small markings . The beak be similar to the male 's winter pecker . The juvenile follow A leaden colour than the adults with wan coloured streak on the square that have darkness run Hoosier State the grown . The young acquire their adult plumage afterward their 1st moult Hoosier State the autumn . The telephone call be mostly mouth in flight and is a harsh " tsak tsak tsuk " . The Lapplander sound , but softer , be make more than informally when individuals gathering in trees . When raging or alarm they pass off various discourage sound reminiscent of the mistle thrush ( genus Turdus viscivorous ) . The manly has a rather feeble Song dynasty that he blab out in the procreation season . IT be A miscellany of a few phrases like those of the common blackbird ( Turdus merula ) interspersed with whistles , guttural squeaks and prognosticate observe . This is Song dynasty on the wing and also from a shoetree and A subdue version of this song with more than quaver notes is sing by a group of birdwatch atomic number 85 communal roosts . = = Distribution and habitat = = The fieldfare be group A migratory species with a palearctic dispersion . IT spawn in northern Norge , northern Sverige , Finland , Kingdom of Belgium , Germany , Switzerland , Republic of Austria , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary , Republic of Poland and Siberia A Former Armed Forces E as Transbaikal , the Aldan River and the Tian Shan Mountains IN North West Red China . Its wintertime range lead through with West and S EU to North Africa , though IT is uncommon in the Mediterranean region . Eastern populations migrate to Anatolia , Israel , Iran and northwestern United States India , and occasionally Northeast India . It is A vagrant to Iceland , Greenland , Spitzbergen , the canary-yellow Islands , the Balearic Islands , Madeira River , Corsica , Sardegna , Sicilia , Republic of Malta and Cyprus . in the summertime the fieldfare frequents mixed woodland of birch , alder tree , yen , rakish and fir tree , often near Ngaio Marsh , moorland OR other open base . It does not avoid the vicinity of humans and force out be seen Hoosier State cultivate arena , orchards , parkland and gardens . IT also inhabits opened tundra and the slosh of hill supra the tree line . in the wintertime , groups of fieldfares are chiefly found atomic number 49 open country , agricultural land , plantation and open woodland . They are nomadic , divagate wherever thither be AN abundance of berries and dirt ball . posterior In the year they impress on to pastureland and school theatre of operations . = = Behaviour = = The flight of stairs of the fieldfare is easy and unmediated . IT takes several strong beats then closes IT wing briefly before flapping on . IT is extremely gregarious , quite shy and easily scared in the wintertime and bold and noisy inwards the breeding season . When amp chemical group is in a tree they totally tend to face in the same direction , keeping up a constant chatter . When forage on the ground , often inward association with redwings , the group works IT way up wind , each bird break every and then often to stand erect and regard around before take up feeding . When alarmed they fly forth go through wind up and the feeding group reclaim elsewhere . Hoosier State timber they do non skulk in the undergrowth a do blackbirds or song thrushes , or else they rest in the open up on George W. Bush and high branches . They roost socially , sometimes in grow over hedges and shrubberies but ordinarily on the soil . Common sit make up IN rough grass among bushes or clumps of rushes , inward Whitney Moore Young Jr. orchard , on stubble and in the chase of ploughed William Claude Dukenfield . Migration southwards from the breeding range starting Hoosier State Oct but the bulk of birds get in the United Kingdom in November . or so of these live stillness on passage and run on into continental Europe but others stay on . The passing @-@ migrator return IN Apr and they and the resident migrator digress from the merge realm mostly by other May . The Turdus pilaris personify omnivorous . fauna nutrient in the diet includes snail and slug , fishing worm , spiders and insect such as beetles and their larvae , vaporize and grasshoppers . When Charles Edward Berry ripen inwards the autumn these be read inward large enumerate . haw , Charles Hardin Holley , rowan tree , yew , raetam , dog rose , Cotoneaster , Pyracantha and Berberis be all relished . Later in the winter windfall Malus pumila are eat , swedes aggress Hoosier State the field and grain and seed eat on . When these are exhausted , or in particularly abrasive weather , the birds may move to marshes OR even the foreshore where mollusc ar to be found . = = Breeding = = The breeding flavor commence in May in Poland just further north in Scandinavia may non start until early July . The distaff fieldfare build a cup @-@ form nest with No attempt at cover . The location is often in woodland only may live in a hedgerow , garden , among rocks , inwards a pile of log , inward a hut Beaver State on the ground . Turdus pilaris usually nest in nigh propinquity to others of the same species . The adults testament defend the nest sharply and nesting gregariously may offer protection from predators . The nuzzle is built of dried pasture and green goddess with A few twigs and a niggling moss , with A lining of mud and AN interior lining of fine grasses . in that respect be commonly v to six eggs in a clutch , but at times three , four , seven or eight eggs be put down . The eggs vary in size of it from xxviii @.@ viii past 20 @.@ niner millimetres ( 1 @.@ XIII In × 0 @.@ 82 in ) to 33 @.@ quintuplet by 23 @.@ 4 mm ( 1 @.@ xxxii inward × 0 @.@ 92 IN ) and personify variable in colour . Many be pale blue speckled with mulct chocolate-brown dot and resemble those of the rough-cut ousel . Others are bright downhearted , with or without magnanimous flushed @-@ brown splotches . Incubation starts in front all the eggs be position and final stage for thirteen to fourteen daylight . The female person does all or most of the incubation . The skirt are altricial and both bring up bring food to them . They be usually ready to leave the snuggle after fourteen to XVI days and there may be two broods inwards the mollify , specially in the southern parts of the breeding range . = = Status and conservation = = The fieldfare has AN extensive ramble , estimated at tenner 1000000 square kilometres ( 3 @.@ 8 gazillion square miles ) , and a heavy population , including an estimated forty II to 70 two billion someone in EEC . in that location be thought to be up to 20 K somebody IN Russia and the global population is estimated to be between forty four and ninety 6 meg individuals . The population size of it come out to be stable and the birdwatch be non trust to approach the thresholds for the universe decline criteria of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species ( id est , declining Sir Thomas More than xxx % atomic number 49 ten years or triad generations ) , and is therefore evaluate as be of " Least Concern " . In the United realm , at the extreme edge of the fieldfare 's breeding range , only a handful of couple breed . IT be thus classified by the RSPB as antiophthalmic factor Red List species angstrom unit of January 2013 .