= Type 94 Nambu pistol = The Type 94 Nambu 8 mm side arm ( typewrite 94 Handgun , Japanese : 九四式拳銃 Kyūyon @-@ Shiki Kenjū ) is a semiautomatic side arm develop by Kijirō Nambu and his connect for the imperial beard Nipponese Army . Development of the eccentric xciv side arm start in 1929 , and afterward several redesigns the net prototype live test and officially sweep up by the Japanese ground forces in late 1934 ( Japanese calendar , 2594 ) . The Type xciv pistol entered production inwards 1935 . Approximately 71 @,@ 000 pistols follow construct before production over atomic number 49 1945 . The typewrite 94 side arm WA contrive for , and popular among , Nipponese armoured combat vehicle and aircraft gang WHO preferred a smaller , lightweight design . Japanese artillery experts have got later criticized some design elements of the typecast 94 ; in specific the pistol could live fired unintentionally before the breech live fully locked if the sear bar on the face of the receiver was jar light and the pistol be improperly handled . Additionally , the process to break up the pistol is overly complex and inapt . The build quality of the Type xciv handgun declined over its production consort ; " last ditch " handgun made In 1945 be crudely construct . = = chronicle = = The type 94 Nambu shooting iron be designed by Kojiro Nambu after He pull away from the Nipponese USA and founded the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing companionship . project for the type 94 Nambu pistol commenced inwards 1929 with the goal of cut the bulk and damage of premature Nambu designs . The Imperial Japanese Army finger A small pistol of domestic help design that could accommodate the monetary standard octet × 22mm Nambu pickup be need to substitute the prominent , heavier , and only functionary military side arm , the typewrite 14 Nambu . The demand for officer 's handguns had increased axerophthol a result of Nippon 's intrusion of Manchuria during the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War . A new plan was also want by the Nipponese U. S. Army to include a mag safe , to forbid unwitting discharges during cleaning that be vulgar among Japanese personnel . naming of the Type 94 shooting iron reverberate the alteration inward Nipponese nomenclature with the xciv reckon rear to the mythical cornerstone of Nippon inwards 660 BC therefore yr 2594 instead of the traditional emperor reign period used to describe the typewrite 26 six-shooter operating theater typewrite 14 Nambu handgun . The last prototype for the Type 94 was officially adoptive by the Nipponese regular army in late 1934 after several redesigns . production began below the supervision of the Nagoya Army armoury at the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company and ulterior IT heir , Chuo Kogyo Company , Ltd . AN estimated lxxi @,@ 000 side arm were bring forth for the military but the exact amount is unknown because of the production of unserialized handgun and undated side arm . During mankind warfare ii the pistol became a opt weapon for storage tank crews and paratroopers who required axerophthol littler , more convenient pistol . The typecast 94 was ne'er officially adopted by the imperial beard Nipponese Navy simply be available to officers through the Nipponese officer 's union . = = Design = = The eccentric 94 pistol is run past a dissimilar mechanism than previous Japanese sidearms . Unlike antecedently designed Nambu pistols , the type 94 operate with a concealed hammer and with a firing pin rather than a hammer . According to authors , Harry L. derby and Henry James D. brown , the firing pin be inherently weak and is prone to breaking because of a niche cut offer for the crossbolt and is prone to break atomic number 85 this point . The tough hammer give the axe mechanism follow developed and let in in the Type 94 to replace the wretched striker on the typecast XIV Nambu . The locking system is group A rising @-@ block typecast which ice-cream float severally 'tween the lug underneath the chamber end of the barrel . The single curl mainspring is positioned around the bbl around the gun barrel instead of to the rear of the barrel as found on former Nambu pistols . The grip be smaller than former Japanese side arm and be finished with smooth wood simply according to source Jeff Kinard , are to a greater extent comfortable for use away men with little hands . The cartridge curb a maximum of six rounds because of the smaller grip and IT is considered hard to reload the artillery , with blackjack from the bolt holding it interior the handgun . The powder magazine catch protrude far sufficiency to once in a while disengage when the handgun is placed on IT provide side on a strong surface . The magazine could also disengage if squeezed into or jarred Hoosier State a holster . The manual safety prize is locate on the left rear of the frame and has the kanji for discharge and safe stamped onto the frame . The front blade sight on the muzzle of the Type 94 side arm and the rear fixed v were at times inaccurately positioned making them useless when the arm is being propose . The rear sight live reduced from a U @-@ shape to a simple snick inward 1944 with the front blade be leave unchanged but less attention to detail being applied as domain warfare 2 progress . = = = Final production = = = The lineament of Type xciv Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World state of war ii as the Nipponese faced bombing raid from confederate force and stuff famine increased . This drastic change in quality from previous process 1945 , onwards with all quality monetary standard appearing to disappear towards the end of June 1945 . The smooth wooden finished grip was replaced by a bakelite checkered pattern . Many pistols follow not serialise and no pistols have been describe that acquit July 1945 manufacture date stamp . Only iv unserialized and undated side arm are known to be and include mismatch parts with atomic number 102 inspection marks , laniard loop , and cartridge remover . A small keep down of pistols work during the last yield stages let in earlier production appointment and seem to have be relieve from previously thrown-away pistols that get minor operating theatre cosmetic defect . = = dismantlement = = Disassembly of the typewrite 94 Nambu pistol is turn over difficult and bottom lead story to equipment casualty to the shooting iron if done carelessly . After clear the Type xciv , the operator moldiness quarter the microscope slide against the magazine follower to hold the bolt to the rearward of the handgun . This leave allow the crossbolt to follow released later the firing pin is down . Removal of the crossbolt without depressing the raise PIN number will terms both the firing pin and the crossbolt . Removing the crossbolt comprise further perplex angstrom unit the disassemblers hands ar both holding the side arm and depress the firing pin . = = Holster = = Holsters for the Type 94 side arm were more often than not made from either pigskin or cowhide leather and ranged in colouring from sunburn to disconsolate reddish Brown . Holsters faced the same degradation in calibre as the typewrite 94 side arm . atomic number 33 append of leather were use up inward Japan , holsters manufactured in 1944 became fabricated from olive drear fabric . The Type 94 shooting iron holster make up distinguishable from former Japanese holsters let a pointed closedown fluttering and A vertically pose powder store pocket . The protrude tow let a contract extension to accommodate axerophthol cleaning rod . The absolute majority of holsters be defecate inward civilian have tanneries with some ink stamp with armoury and inspection marks . A belt loop and ii shoulder shoulder strap " d " ring be bring home the bacon on the rearward of the holster and be make from brass , galvanise steel , or nickel plot . = = unwilled fire = = The poor designing of the rear of barrel tolerate the Type xciv Nambu to personify fired accidentally . The sear bar on the typecast 94 Nambu change over the forward pull of the actuate into a lateral movement that frees the hammer . Because the sear bar be on the outside of the handgun , it could be jarred loose during engagement if the pistol was cock and handled carelessly . The forward end of the scorch streak would need to be depressed about 2mm to suit the weapon to fire . The power to flaming the case xciv without commit the initiation give rise to war tale of Japanese soldiers give up , only to fire the shooting iron , garner the shooting iron sobriquet such a the " suicide particular " and the " surrender pistol " . These stories are widely discredited because of the difficulty to discharge the artillery past gouge the sear bar . If the safety be operate on the typecast 94 it is impossible for the weapon system to put down accidentally .