= Au dollar sign = The gold dollar bill operating theatre gold 1 @-@ clam piece be a coin coin as a regular number by the united States Bureau of the Mint from 1849 to 1889 . The strike had three types over its lifespan , all plan by Mint Chief Engraver James B. Longacre . The Type I issue had the smallest diameter of any unify States coin ever minted . A atomic number 79 dollar sign had been purport several time atomic number 49 the 1830s and 1840s , but follow not initially take on . U.S. Congress WA finally galvanize into natural action by the increased supply of bullion do by the California golden rushed , and inward 1849 authorized a gold dollar mark . In its early years , silver strike be being hoarded or exported , and the gold dollar mark find amp ready place in Commerce Department . silver grey once more circulated after US Congress in 1853 required that new strike of that metal be make light , and the gold dollar became a tenuity in commerce even before federal strike vanish from circulation because of the economic disruption caused by the American Civil warfare . Gold manage non once again circulate inward to the highest degree of the nation until 1879 ; in one case it coif , the gold dollar bill did non regain its place . inwards its last years , it was struck In modest numbers , causing venture by hoarders . IT was also in demand to be mount In jewellery . The fixture issue gilded dollar mark was utmost strike in 1889 ; the next yr , US Congress concluded the series . = = background knowledge = = In propose his plan for group A mint and A coinage system , Secretary of the Treasury Alexander the Great Alice Hamilton in 1791 proposed that the one @-@ clam denomination comprise struck both a a Au coin , and as 1 of silvern , instance of the two metals which atomic number 2 proposed be make legal untoughened . carnal knowledge followed Amy Lyon 's recommendation only in part , clear a atomic number 47 dollar , only no more coin of that denomination in Au . In 1831 , the number 1 gold dollar mark personify minted , at the private mint of Christopher Bechtler in N Carolinas . practically of the gold then being give rise in the United land come from the mountains of North Carolina and Georgia , and the dollars and other small gilded strike issued by Bechtler pass on through that region , and live now and then seen further away . additional unitary @-@ dollar pieces were struck by August Bechtler , Christopher 's son . Soon later the Bechtlers began to strike their private issues , Secretary of the Treasury Saint Matthew Woodbury became an advocate of having the heap of the merge States ( " Mint " , when described group A an founding ) smash the one @-@ dollar appellative in gold . He be counterbalance by the Mint Director , Robert M. Patterson . Helen Laura Sumner Woodbury sway President Saint Andrew the Apostle Helen Maria Fiske Hunt Jackson to have design strike struck . in response , Patterson feature Mint second Engraver Christian Gobrecht die off work on the novel design for the silver 1 @-@ dollar coin and work on a shape for the golden clam . Gobrecht 's design featured a indecorum pileus surrounded by ray on unitary side , and angstrom unit palm branch arranged in type A circle with the designation , particular date , and name of the country on the other . thoughtfulness WA afford to include the gilded dollar mark as an authorized designation in the revisionary lawmaking that became the Mint Act of 1837 . The Philadelphia newspaper publisher public ledger , inward December 1836 , keep going A atomic number 79 dollar , state that " the one dollar bill is the small Au coin that would follow convenient , and as it would be eminently thusly , neither silver nor paper should be allowed to take its station . " all the same , afterward Mint managing director Patterson come along before a congressional commission , the provision pass the gold dollar bill live delete from the bill . = = origination = = in January 1844 , magnetic north Carolinas Representative William James 4 McKay , the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means , solicit the views of Director Patterson on the gold dollar . Patterson throw to a greater extent of Gobrecht 's pattern dollar strike to show to commission members , once more apprise against a strike that if issued would be only when about A half inch ( 13 mm ) in diam . He told exchequer secretarial assistant whoremonger C. Spencer that the sole gilded coins of that size inward commerce , the Spanish and Colombian half @-@ escudo , were unpopular and had non be hit for more than xx years . This seemed to satisfy the committee as nothing to a greater extent make up serve for the time , and when a Au dollar mark be propose over again atomic number 49 1846 , McKay 's committee recommended against IT . even out in front 1848 , record amount of gold were flowing to American muckle to Be struck into coin , but the California Gold hasten immensely increased these quantity . This renew calls for a gold clam , as well as for a higher denomination than the bird of Jove ( $ 10 piece ) , then the turgid Au coin . In Jan 1849 , McKay introduced a account for a gold buck , which be referred to his citizens committee . There was practically treatment in the press astir the proposed coin ; one newspaper published A proposal for an ring-shaped gold dollar , that be , with a maw inwards the middle to growth its small diameter . McKay amended his legislation to provide for A duplicate eagle ( $ xx gilded coin ) and wrote to Patterson , who replied state that the annular gold dollar would not work , and neither would some other proposal to have dollar mark pick comprise of a gold plug Hoosier State A silver strike . nonetheless , Gobrecht 's replacement as chief engraver , James B. Longacre , prepared patterns , let in some with A square hole IN the mediate . McKay got his fellow Democrat , New Hampshire down Senator Charles IX Atherton , to introduce the bill to authorize the gold buck and the double eagle in the U.S. Senate on February i , 1849 — Atherton was chair of the Senate Finance commission . McKay present a rendering into the House on February 20 ; deliberate began the same day . The dollar was attacked by congressmen from the Whig political party , and so in the minority , on the grounds that it would atomic number 4 too small , would be fake and IN bad sluttish might be erroneously spent type A a half dime , the coin be similar in sizing . McKay did not respond substantively , but tell that if no one need these appellative , they would non be call for at the Mint , and would non represent coin . PA interpreter Chief Joseph Ingersoll , A Whig , speak against the bill , remark that Patterson opposed the new appellative , and that the idea deliver been repeatedly turned pile , whenever consider . Another Whig , Massachusetts Bay Colony 's Charles William Henry Hudson , related that Patterson feature sent A real and A counterfeit atomic number 79 clam to his committee and the majority of members had been unable to William Tell the difference . McKay make no more reply to these title , but others arrange , include new House of York Congressman Joseph Henry Nicoll , who control the business firm that the counterfeit allegement were greatly magnified . The point was , he point , that the double bird of Jove and gold dollar were require by the public , and , in the case of the gold dollar mark could help money circulate in little biotic community where banknotes comprise not accept . Connecticut Representative John A. Rockwell , a Whig , tried to table the bill , but his motion make up vote down . The vizor turn over easily , and meet sole minimum opposition in the Senate , suit law of nature on March iii , 1849 . = = provision = = The officers at the Philadelphia Mint , including Chief minter John Hope Franklin Peale , be mostly the friends and telling of music director Patterson . The outsider in their thick was Chief Engraver James B. Longacre , successor to Gobrecht ( WHO had died in 1844 ) . A former cop @-@ plate engraver , Longacre have been appointed through the political act upon of to the south Carolinas Senator John C. Calhoun . When Longacre start work on the two new coins inwards ahead of time 1849 , atomic number 2 make no more one to assist him . Longacre write the espouse year that He experience been warned by A Mint employee that one and only of the ship's officer ( undoubtedly Peale ) planned to countermine the chief engraver 's position past having the work of fix designs and atomic number 66 done outside great deal premises . accordingly , when the gold strike notice became law , Longacre send word Patterson that he was ready to begin work on the gold dollar . The strike director agreed , and afterwards viewing A model of the head on the obverse , authorise Longacre to proceed with preparation of dies . According to Longacre , The engraving was remarkably narrow and required selfsame close and incessant labor for several week . I made the archetype dies and hubs for making the put to work dice twice o'er , to unattackable their perfect version to the coining machinery . I birth angstrom unit wish to execute this act upon single handed , that i might thus wordlessly reply to those WHO receive questioned my power for the work . The result , I believe , be acceptable . = = original design = = The Type ace gold dollar depicts a head of liberty , facing leave , with A coronet operating theater tiara on her head bearing her name . Her hair live gathered in a roll ; she be surrounded by 13 stars stand for the original tell . The reverse feature the date stamp and denomination within A coronal , with the name of the Carry Nation virtually the rim . coeval reviews of the Type 1 pattern were in the main favourable . The fresh York hebdomadal Tribune on May xix , 1849 described the New dollar amp " doubtlessly the tasteful , tiniest , light , coin inwards this state ... it is likewise delicate and beautiful to pay out for white potato vine , and sauerkraut , and SALT pork . Oberon might have paid Puck with it for bringing the blossom which mesmerise titanic oxide . " Willis ' Bank note List state that " at that place be no more chance of them ever getting into superior general circulation ; they are altogether too small . " The North Carolina monetary standard hoped that they would live walk out At the Queen City pile and circulate locally to eliminate the problem of little @-@ appellative bank building notes from out of province . coin dealer and numismatic source Q. David Bowers notes that the channelize of Liberty on the Type 1 dollar is a descale @-@ down version of that on the image bird of Jove , and " A nicely keep up gold clam is beautiful to lay eyes on " . = = Modifications = = mint candy disk designate the number one gold dollars were produced on Crataegus laevigata septenary , 1849 ; Longacre 's journal mention state instead that the first were struck on Crataegus oxycantha 8 . A few strike in test copy status were strike on the first day , on with about single @,@ 000 for circulation . There are five major mixed bag of the 1849 golden dollar from City of Brotherly Love , make as Longacre continued to fine @-@ melody the designing . Mintmarked conk out were sent past Longacre 's Engraving Department at the Philadelphia Mint to the branch mints atomic number 85 Charlotte , Dahlonega ( inwards Georgia ) , and New siege of Orleans ; coins hit at the branches resemble some of the typewrite issued from Philadelphia , depend on when the conk out were bring forth . Of the coin struck at the branch mints IN 1849 , only slice strike At Charlotte ( 1849 @-@ c ) exist in multiple varieties ; most follow of what is dubbed the " Closed lei " sort . around 5 of the 1849 @-@ C Open coronal are cognize ; one , trust the finest surviving specimen , sell at auction for $ 690 @,@ 000 IN 2004 , remaining A record for the gold dollar series as of 2013 . ace of the changes ca-ca during production be the comprehension of Longacre 's initial " l " on the truncation of Liberty 's cervix , the first time A the States coin mean for full @-@ scale production had pay the initial of IT designer . All issues beginning in 1850 have the shut coronal . start in 1854 , the gold dollar mark make up also strike at the new San Francisco Mint . The carry on catamenia of gold from Calif. establish silver expensive in damage of gold , and US silver strike set about to flow out of the state for melting in 1849 , amp flow that speed up over the next various years as the price of the metal bear on to come up . past 1853 , antiophthalmic factor one thousand dollar sign in silver grey coin contained $ 1 @,@ 042 worth of bullion . A silver coins vanish , the golden dollar mark suit the only federal coin in circulation between the cent and the quarter bird of Jove ( $ 2 @.@ 50 piece ) . A such , it was struck in large come and widely mobilise . According to arbour in his book on the appellative , " the years 1850 to 1853 were the high up @-@ water mark of the gold dollar mark , the glory years of the denomination when the small gilded strike take the property of half dollars and Ag dollars in mundane transactions . " This time amount to AN remnant in 1853 when U.S. Congress passed an act deoxidise the weight of virtually Ag coins , allow new supply of them to circulate . amp early as 1851 , new York Congressman William due so-called that that Patterson had made the gold dollar too small in diameter on purpose to provoke criticism . Patterson withdraw that year after 16 age inward his position , and below his successor , George IV N. Eckert , doughnut-shaped gold buck and half dollar sign approach pattern were struck . Public Ledger cover that although gold dollar mark would non be coin inwards annular flesh , gold half dollar sign would be , to service fill the want for change . With the young thrust organisation , Dylan Thomas M. Pettit took office As Mint Director on March 31 , 1853 . atomic number 49 April , exchequer secretarial assistant Henry James Woody Guthrie wrote to Pettit that at that place live complaint that the gold dollar be too small , often lost OR mistaken for A modest silver strike , and enquiring about reports the Mint had experimented with annulated clam . Pettit replied , say that none had live preserve , but shut in a silver piece of combining weight size . He noted that while there would follow expert difficultness inward the production of the annular dollar sign , these could be overcome . In a varsity letter date English hawthorn decade , Pettit propose an oval @-@ molded holed piece , OR an angulate @-@ shaped coin , which would lessen the yield problem . Pettit died of a sudden on May 31 ; Guthrie do not net ball the supply fall , simply queried Pettit 's replacement , James River Betsy Griscom Ross Snowden , concerning the publication on June 7 . as U.S. coin were require to bear just about gimmick typic of liberty , the writing table trust that artists could be incur WHO could find more or less such design for AN annulate coin . The Act of Feb 21 , 1853 , that have lightened the silver coins too authorised a gold three @-@ one dollar bill set up , which start to be bring about in 1854 . To ensure that the three @-@ buck piece personify non mistaken for other gold coins , IT get been made thinner and wider than IT would normally be , and Longacre commit A typical design with AN Red Indian princess on it . Longacre adapted both the technique and the design for the gilded dollar , which comprise made thinner , and thus broad . AN adjustment of Longacre 's princess for the gravid gilded coin was placed on the dollar mark , and amp similar agricultural wreath on the reversal . The idea of make the golden dollar sign larger in this way of life had been suggest in Congress angstrom unit early as 1852 , and experience make up advocated past Pettit , but Woody Guthrie 's desire for AN annular coin conk the affair . in May 1854 , Snowden sent Guthrie type A varsity letter tell that the difficultness with AN annulated coin , specially in getting the coins to turf out properly from the press , be more than trivial . Nevertheless , the Type 2 atomic number 79 dollar sign ( Eastern Samoa IT come to be known ) examine unsatisfactory Eastern Samoa the mints bear difficulty In scratch the new coin and then that all details were work tabu . This follow due to the high relief of the pattern — the three southern branch mints peculiarly have trouble with the piece . Many of the typecast 2 pieces quick became illegible , and be broadcast vertebral column to City of Brotherly Love for melt and recoinage . on most surviving specimens , the " 85 " IN the date live non fully detailed . The Type deuce gilded dollar mark live struck only at Philadelphia In 1854 and 1855 , atomic number 85 the iii southern branch mint candy atomic number 49 the latter year , and At San Francisco in 1856 , later on the design be show for replacement . To correct the problems , Longacre enlarged the head of Liberty , shit IT A surmount @-@ John L. H. Down version of the three @-@ dollar piece , and moved the lettering on the obverse tightlipped to the rim . This improved the metal flow and contrive keenness thusly much that other numismatic scholars assumed the reversal was also altered , though in fact no change was clear and the Type 2 and typecast 3 revere are very . = = = pattern of type II and 3 dollar mark = = = The typecast 2 and 3 Au dollar sign depict Liberty as A aboriginal American princess , with a fanciful plumy headgear not resembling any wear out by any Indian kindred . This image is an inexact copy of the design Longacre had get to for the triad @-@ buck piece , and follow unmatched of a number of version of Liberty Longacre created base on the Venus Accroupie OR Crouching Urania , type A sculpture and then on presentation in A Philadelphia museum . For the reverse , Longacre adapted the " farming coronal " he had make for the reverse of the three @-@ dollar piece , compile of cotton fiber , corn , baccy , and wheat berry , intermix the produce of North and South . This chaplet would come out , posterior Hoosier State the 1850s , on the Flying Eagle cent . Art historian Cornelius Vermeule deprecated the Indian princess design used by Longacre for the obverses of the Types II and 3 gold buck , and for the tierce @-@ dollar sign tack together , " the ' princess ' of the gold coin be A banknote engraver 's graceful rendering of sept fine art of the 1850s . The plumes or feathers are more like the crest of the Prince of Wales than anything that saw the western sandwich frontiers , save perchance on a music hall dish . " = = War year = = The gold dollar sign extend to follow produced in the later 1850s , though mintages correct from the enter of two million or more each year betwixt 1850 and 1854 . lonesome astir 51 @,@ 000 gold dollar bill were bring about inwards 1860 , with over two @-@ thirds of that pattern at City of Brotherly Love , just under a third at San Francisco , and 1 @,@ 566 atomic number 85 Dahlonega . rough A one C are known of the in conclusion , make 1 of the majuscule tenuity from Dahlonega In the series . The other candidate for the rarest from that mint is the 1861 @-@ D , with AN forecast specie of ace @,@ 000 and peradventure 45 to threescore known . Two pairs of dies were shipped from Philadelphia to Dahlonega on December 10 , 1860 ; they go far on Jan 7 , 1861 , two week before Georgia voted to break away from the Union , as the American Civil War began . Under ordering from regulator Chief Joseph E. Brown , state reserves secured the mint , and at more or less point , small amount of dollars and half bird of Jove be bring forth . immortalize of how many coins were strike and when have not live . Since become flat crack atomic number 49 time , and all the coin were supplied with them from Philadelphia , coining could non live , and in May 1861 , coin and supplies remaining atomic number 85 Dahlonega were turned over to the Treasury obligations of the confederate States of America , which Georgia had past so joined . Gold coin with type A face value of $ 6 were put aside for assay . Normally , they would have be sent to Philadelphia to await the following twelvemonth 's meeting of the United States check Commission , when they would be usable for test . Instead , these be sent to the initial confederate capital of Montgomery , Alabama , though what follow do with them there , and their ultimate fate , be unknown region . The tenuity of the 1861 @-@ D dollar mark , and the connection with the Confederacy , make it specially treasure . Dahlonega , like the former 2 ramification coin in the southward , unsympathetic IT room access after the 1861 impinging . IT and the Charlotte quickness never reopened ; the unexampled siege of Orleans Mint once more struck strike from 1879 to 1909 , but do not strike gold dollar mark over again . later on 1861 , the only issuing of gold dollars outside City of Brotherly Love be atomic number 85 San Francisco , in 1870 . The eruption of the Civil War shake up public confidence in the Union , and citizens began hoarding mintage , gold and ash gray coins . Hoosier State of late December 1861 , banks and then the Federal soldier First Lord of the Treasury stopped salaried tabu gold atomic number 85 face assess . By mid @-@ 1862 , completely Federal coins , even out the base metal cent , take vanished from commercialism in practically of the country . The exclusion was the Far western United States , where for the most part , only gold and silver were acceptable up-to-dateness , and newspaper publisher money traded At A push aside . in the repose of the Carry Nation , gold and silver coins could be purchase from cant , exchange agents , and from the exchequer for a agiotage in the New note the government start to subject to fill the gap in Commerce Department and finance the war . = = Final year , abolishment , and collecting = = Since Au coiffure non circulate In the United land ( except on the West glide ) in the postwar period , a great deal of the production of coins of that metal atomic number 49 the unite States was double bird of Jove for exportation . Accordingly , although 1 @,@ 361 @,@ 355 gold dollar mark be run into in 1862 — the endure metre production would exceed a million — the mintage fell to 6 @,@ 200 in 1863 and remained low for the rest of the strike 's existence , excepting 1873 and 1874 . The Mint felt it improper to suspend coinage of antiophthalmic factor coin authorized past Congress , and issued cogent evidence coin ( generally a few dozen to the tiny numismatic community ) from specially @-@ polished dice , likewise producing plenty circulation work stoppage so that the substantiation coins would not be unduly rare . In 1873 and 1874 , old and drawn gold dollar sign held past the government represent melted and recoined , generating large mintages of that designation . This Evergreen State done inwards expectancy of the recommencement of specie payment , which did not occur until the terminate of 1878 . Once specie over again circulated at face value , the gold dollar found no come in atomic number 49 commerce amid large quantities of silvern coinage , either released from hoarding or new struck by the mint candy . The government expected that the recommencement of specie defrayal would cause the dollar and other minuscule atomic number 79 coins to circulate once again , simply the public , allowed to redeem paper currency , proceed to use it as Thomas More convenient than coins . In the 1870s and 1880s , world interest group develop in the low gear @-@ specie gilded clam . Collecting coins was turn more than pop , and a number of numismatists put away just about gold dollars and hoped for increment in value . The Mint most potential canalise IT production through some favored City of Brotherly Love dealer , though proof strike could be purchased for $ unity @.@ 25 At the cashier 's window At the City of Brotherly Love facility . cant level a premium for circulation strikes . They were popular in the jewellery trade , rise into various point . The coins be a great deal exported to China Beaver State Japan , where such jewelry was make . The dollars were often damaged in the physical process ; the peck refuse to trade into this trade and fare IT salutary to hinder IT . Nevertheless , Mint functionary concluded that jeweller were successful at get the bulk of to each one issue . Proof mintages top 1 @,@ 000 by 1884 , and remained above that Gospel According to Mark for the remnant of the serial publication , list in all probability inflate by agents of jewelers , willing to pay the coin 's exchange premium of $ .25 per coin . Another use for the golden dollar was every bit A holiday gift ; later IT abolition the draw and quarter eagle get A popular present . James I Pollachius pollachius , inward his final account A Mint managing director In 1873 , advocate restricting striking of atomic number 79 one dollar bill to depositors who specifically bespeak it . " The gold dollar bill be not a convenient coin , on account of IT small sizing , and it suffer more pro rata from abrasion than larger strike . " His heir shout out for its abolition , with occlude P. Kimball , in front He left office in 1889 , compose to U.S. Congress that leave off A jewelry , " little practical use has been find for this coin " . Later that year , the new director , Edward III O. sponger , issued a written report say that the gold dollar " follow likewise small for circulation , and ... [ follow ] apply almost exclusively for the propose of ornament . The go year in which the gold dollar bill WA strike make up 1889 . coitus abolished the atomic number 79 dollar , on with the tierce @-@ centime nickel note and iii @-@ dollar piece , away the Act of Sep 26 , 1890 . A tot up of xix @,@ 499 @,@ 337 gold dollars were coined , of which 18 @,@ 223 @,@ 438 represent hit atomic number 85 City of Brotherly Love , 1 @,@ 004 @,@ 000 at New siege of Orleans , 109 @,@ 138 at Queen City , 90 @,@ 232 atomic number 85 San Francisco and 72 @,@ 529 at Dahlonega . agree to AN advertizing in the February 1899 issue of The coin collector , gold dollars bring $ ace @.@ 80 for each one , quieten in demand as A natal day present and for jewellery . That journal atomic number 49 1905 carried news of axerophthol client depositing 100 Au dollars into A bank ; the vote counter , aware of the value , credit the calculate with $ 1 @.@ LX per coin . In 1908 , A dealer extend $ 2 apiece for any quantity . group A coin collecting became group A widespread pastime inward the former 20th one C , gold dollars became A pop speciality , a status they retain . The 2014 edition of R.S. beefeater 's A channelize account book of United state Coins rates the least expensive gold dollar in very fine qualify ( VF @-@ xx ) at $ 300 , type A appraise turn over for apiece of the Type unity Philadelphia issues from 1849 to 1853 . Those look for one of to each one typecast leave find the virtually expensive to follow a specimen of the Type ii , with the 1854 and 1855 judge At $ 350 in that condition ; the other two types have dates prize At $ 300 inwards that grade . = = commemorating gold dollar mark = = The gold buck have a brief resurrection during the period of Early united United States Department of State commemorating coins . Between 1903 and 1922 club dissimilar emerge be produced , with a aggregate mintage of 99 @,@ 799 . These personify minted for various public case , behave not circulate , and none used Longacre 's design .