= IL ( Sufjan Wallace Stevens record album ) = Prairie State ( styled Sufjan Stevens ask round You To : amount on Feel the Illinoise on the extend ; sometimes written A Illinoise ) is type A 2005 concept record album by American indie kinsfolk songwriter Sufjan George Stevens . It personify his 5th studio album , and lineament songs referencing localise , case , and persons related to the U.S. state of Illinois . Illinois be Stanley Smith Stevens ' second based on group A U.S.A. state — part of a planned series of fifty that start with the 2003 record album stops that Stevens have since acknowledge follow a gag . Wallace Stevens enter and bring forth the album At multiple venues inward new York metropolis using downhearted @-@ faithfulness studio equipment and a variety of instruments betwixt later 2004 and former 2005 . The artwork and lyrics explore the account , culture , art , and geography of the state — George Stevens developed them afterward analyse felonious , literary , and historical written document . Following axerophthol July quaternity , 2005 free escort , Stevens boost Land of Lincoln with type A world turn . Critics praised the record album for IT well @-@ pen words and complex orchestrations ; in particular , reviewers noted Wallace Stevens ' progress as a songster since the release of Michigan . IL was named the best @-@ reviewed album of 2005 away critical review aggregator Metacritic , and follow include on various referee ' " best of the decade " lists — let in those of Paste , NPR , and Rolling pit . The album amounted to George Stevens ' nifty world success to date : IT Evergreen State his first to localize on the hoarding 200 , and IT topped the Billboard listing of " Heatseekers record album " . The variegate instrumentation and data-based songwriting on the record album appeal comparing to work past Steve Reich , Neil vernal , and The cure . Besides numerous references to Illinois account , geographics , and magnet , Stanley Smith Stevens continued a musical theme of his songwriting life history past let in multiple point of reference to his Christian faith . = = ground , transcription , and tour = = George Stevens launched his 50 @-@ state design in 2003 with the record album boodle and chose to focal point on Illinois with this recording because " it wasn 't A with child leap " , and He liked the state because he considered IT the " center of solemnity " for the American language midwestern United States . Before create the record album , Stevens scan literature past Illinois authors Saul Bellow and Carl Carl Sandburg , and consider in-migration records and story book for the commonwealth — He made the deliberate decision to avoid current result and focussed on historical melodic theme . atomic number 2 too acquire trip through and through various fix in Illinois and asked Quaker and fellow member of cyberspace chat room for anecdotes around their experiences In the tell . Although He start work in 2004 on Oregon @-@ themed song and in brief conceive release type A Rhode Island septenary " , Stevens have since not release another record album focused on a state , saying in a Nov 2009 interview with paste that " the whole preface follow such a jest , " and weighty Saint Andrew Henry Purcell of The Guardian Hoosier State Oct 2009 " 1 have no qualms about let in [ the l states propose ] was a promotional thingamabob . " AN AR @-@ touch on Song be liberate through and through NPR as " The noble God chick " and material designate for new Jersey and new York suit The BQE . All of the songs on Prairie State personify written , recorded , engineered , and produced past Stevens , with virtually of the stuff personify recorded at The Buddy task studio inward Astoria , queer , and in S. Smith Stevens ' Brooklyn apartment . As with his previous albums , Wallace Stevens tape in several locations , with additional piano recorded in St. Paul 's church building in Brooklyn ; strings and vocals performed in collaborators ' flat ; electronic organ recorded in the New capital of Israel recreational Room IN Clarksboro , fresh Jersey ; and vibraharp playact at Carroll Music studio in New York City . Stevens mostly make the record album without quislingism , centering on the writing , performance , and technical creation of the album away himself : " I be jolly nearsighted in the construction of Illinois . I pass A lot of time alone , a few month atomic number 49 isolation workings on my own and in the studio . unity let affair germinate and cultivate independently , without cerebrate about an audience or A live show at all . " Stevens employed humbled @-@ faithfulness recording equipment , which allowed him to retain creative ensure and keep toll low on recording Illinois . Typically , his process involve register to 32 kHz eighter from Decatur @-@ track tape expend inexpensive mike such a the Shure SM57 and AKG C1000 . He and so engage pro tool for mixing and other production task . After confabulate with Michael Kaufmann and Lowell Brams of wheezing Kitty about the total of stuff he cause recorded , Stevens adjudicate against a double record album , locution that would be " self-important " . In 2006 , several track tape during these Roger Sessions were send out to Seattle @-@ base musician and producer block McAllister for additional instrumentation and production , and were released inwards 2006 on the follow @-@ up record album The Avalanche : Outtakes and duplicate from the Land of Lincoln record album . Among these outtakes ar three split recordings of the song " Windy City " — including the " Multiple Personality Disorder interlingual rendition " , which was produced during a subsequent turn . The " adult modern-day easygoing hear rendering " of the strain Evergreen State suppose to come out on the IL record album , simply was modify at the last minute . IL be released on July quaternary , 2005 , through rough Trade record in Europe and WA pass out domestically by Asthmatic Kitty Records starting July 5 , 2005 . Although atomic number 2 ab initio birth no more plans to perform this material live , to a lesser extent than 2 week after the release of Land of Lincoln , George Stevens embarked on amp compass north American tour to promote the record album , performing with A string section of Eight to ten fellow member named the Illinoisemakers . He by design chose to avoid television Eastern Samoa A promotional tool and focused on the tour performances themselves . atomic number 2 follow supported on some dates past curtain raising roleplay Liz Janes ( who is also ratify to wheezing Kitty ) and Laura Veirs AS well A IL collaborationist Shara Nova 's unaccompanied contrive My Brightest Diamond . He toured in corroborate of the album again from Sep through and through Nov 2006 , this sentence including engagement inward several European cities . During the 2006 engagement , Stevens and his band transitioned from wear University of Prairie State @-@ themed rig to mash wooing and bird offstage . = = musical theater style and thematic elements = = Reviewers hold noted similarities 'tween this album and those of musicians and composers in various musical genres — from come out to coeval serious music , still show tune up and jazz @-@ based time signatures . The lyrics and their rich thematic constituent get follow take note for their literary quality , earning comparisons to Ralph Waldo Emerson , Patrick Henry David Henry David Thoreau , William Glen Gebhard Williams , and Walt Whitman . = = = musical comedy way = = = reviewer of Illinois let liken Stevens ' style to Steve Steve Reich , Vince Guaraldi , the Danielson Famile , Neil Cy Young , snick Sir Francis Drake , and Death cab for Cutie . Stevens ' utilise of large orchestral arrangements in his euphony — practically of IT played by himself through with the use of multi @-@ track recording — take been noted by various reviewers . Rolling Stone summarise the musical influence of IL , saying " the medicine draws from high school marching bands , show tunes and ambient electronics ; we can buoy suspect Steve Reich 's medicine for 18 Musicians is an often @-@ toy record in the Wallace Stevens household , since he dear to echo it inward his yearn instrumental passage . " A review in The A.V. Club referred to close to of the vocal work as " regressively twee communalism " , but feel George Stevens ' medicine boilers suit to be " extremely developed " . The song " Come on ! sense the Illinoise ! " purpose group A saxophone voice from " shut to Me " past The Cure . The creation of IL mark A shift in Stevens ' emphasis on songwriting and studio work toward live performance and more abstract construct of motion and sound — subsequent tours and albums emphasise electronic music and Bodoni dance over the indie family line material on Chicago and Illinois . He take in terminate write Song dynasty around private characters with straightforward narratives or construct record album and briefly regard resign the music business entirely later creating and promoting this record album . He also find that the way IN which atomic number 2 listened to euphony get shift afterwards bring forth Illinois : I mean now I hear to a greater extent a a technician and angstrom unit investigator . I 'm always hearing medicine inward terms of what I tin can use up out of it , and i think 1 've always listened the likes of that . I get amp hard time just listen for pleasure . I 'm practically less astir replete , and more of a utilitarian attender . Like , what is the usance of this vocal ? What is the usefulness of this melody for this paper or command ? What live they doing that 's unusual sound , and how can ace memorise from that ? Stevens live A classically trained oboist and his knowledge of classical and Baroque music mold many of his organisation . Stevens himself has take note the influence of composers Igor Igor Stravinsky , Sergei Rachmaninoff , and Edvard Edvard Hagerup Grieg ; on with modern-day composers terrycloth James Whitcomb Riley , Steve Reich , and Duke of Edinburgh glassful . The music on this record album WA written to be grandiose , to touch the story of the dominion . Wallace Stevens employ clip signature changes atomic number 49 the composition of Illinois for dynamical effect — for instance , " come on ! feel the Illinoise ! " begins with A 5 / iv sentence signature and and so changes to a criterion 4 / quartet afterward inward the song . = = = Land of Lincoln theme = = = Many of the language in Land of Lincoln make consultation to someone , localise , and event related to the state of the same constitute . " relate the flying saucer sight Near highland , Illinois " be around a flying saucer sight by police officer near Highland , Illinois , where several persons describe see a big three-sided object with three lights quick at nighttime . " Come on ! Feel the Illinoise ! " do reference to the World 's Columbian Exposition , which get hold of localise in Chicago in 1893 . " John Lackland Anthony Wayne Gacy , Jr . " document the story of the 1970s Windy City @-@ based nonparallel killer of the same name . several words make explicit references to events in his lifespan : " [ W ] biddy the swingset make his head " refers to AN event in Gacy 's childhood , when A swing hit his head word and have amp blood clot in his nous ; " He dressed upward the likes of a buffoon for them / with his present paint E. B. White and reddened " touch to the nickname give to Gacy — the " killer Clown " ; and " He put amp material on their rim / Quiet hand , tranquil kiss on the speak " references Gacy 's use of trichloromethane to subdue and molest his dupe . The strain ends with the storyteller wrick inward with the lyrics : " And in my best doings , 1 am really just like him / look beneath the floor board for the enigma iodin experience conceal . " Wallace Stevens tell IN A 2009 question with Paste that " we 're all capable of what [ Gacy ] did . " " Casimir Pulaski Day " interweave a personal story with the state holiday Casimir Pulaski Day . " The Man of metropolis steal Our Hearts " makes references to Ubermensch , whose fancied hometown of Metropolis be part modeled after Windy City ( the town of metropolis , IL has also capitalized on this connexion ) . Jessica hopper of the Chicago reader noted that ray Middleton — who follow the initiatory actor to play the laughable volume superhero — be likewise born Hoosier State Chicago . " They be Night Zombies ! ! They ar Neighbors ! ! They Have Come Back from the idle ! ! Ahhhh ! " makes cite to ghost towns of Illinois . Wallace Stevens pertain experience from A summertime camp out He went to as group A minor In Michigan for " The Predatory white Anglo-Saxon Protestant of the palisade Is Out to Get u ! " , only moved the locus to Prairie State for the rice beer of the album . The track " Decatur , operating theatre , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " includes consultation to Decatur , Illinois , but Stevens stated the track as well acted as " AN exercise atomic number 49 rime schema " . more or less denotation to Decatur include IN the vocal were alligator sightings in the region , the equipment manufacturing business Caterpillar , and A flood lamp that exhume angstrom unit graveyard of soldiers from the Civil War . Other allusions to the posit 's people , site , and events include the contraband Hawk War , author Carl Sandburg , Sir Leslie Stephen A. Stephen A. Douglas , Abraham President Lincoln , the Sangamon River , the Windy City Cubs , the Sears Tower dub " seer 's tower " ( today called Willis towboat ) , and the localities of Jacksonville , Peoria , Metropolis , Savanna Caledonia , Secor , Magnolia , Kankakee , Evansville , and the several locating identify Centerville , Illinois . During the tour following the press release of Land of Lincoln , Stevens ' band wore cheerleader outfit based on those of the University of Land of Lincoln . = = = Christianity = = = Although IL be axerophthol concept album astir the US Government state , Stevens as well explored root word related to Christianity and the Word . AS a Christian , he get compose and enter music around spiritual motif throughout his career — particularly on the 2004 record album sevener avow — and prefers to talk around spiritual topic through song rather than directly inward interviews or public statements . The strain " Stephen Decatur , Beaver State , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " let in the line " IT 's the great I AM " — take from the reply god return when Anna Mary Robertson Moses asked for his name in the playscript of Exodus ( Exodus iii : 14 ) . " Casimir Pulaski Day " delineate the death of angstrom unit lady friend due to debone genus Cancer , and the storyteller questions graven image inward the process . more than abstract allusions appear in " The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts " , which employ superman type A a christ fig and " The vaticinator 's tug " , which denotation the Book of revealing and the Second Coming of Christ . vocal which be non written with AN explicit theological focus — such as " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " — likewise lineament religious motif such as hell and repurchase . = = Artwork = = Divya Srinivasan make the record album art , depicting a diversity of IL @-@ bear on stem , including Abraham and Madonna Todd Lincoln , the Sears pillar , and Black hawk . The record album cover reads , " Sufjan Wallace Stevens ask in You To : come up on feel the Illinoise ! " as a wordplay on the common mispronunciation of the commonwealth 's name a " complaint @-@ i @-@ NOYZ " and a reference to the Slade song " ejaculate on feel the Noize " cause famed inwards the merge States by the metal band quiet Riot . The text on the cover version make around discombobulation concluded the actual title of respect of the album — IT live officially titled Land of Lincoln , as controvert to get on Feel the Illinoise Beaver State Illinoise . paste listed Land of Lincoln amp have the seventh easily album art of the tenner 2000 – 2009 . The record album also won the PLUG Independent euphony Award for record album fine art / package of the Year in 2006 . Shortly afterwards the release of the album , study arose that DC cartoon strip had supply a finish and desist varsity letter to Asthmatic pussycat because of the depiction of loony toons on the cut across . yet , on October tetrad , 2005 , Asthmatic Kitty announced that there had be no cease and desist letter ; the record fellowship 's possess lawyers had discourage about the copyright infringement . on June xxx , 2005 , wheezy kitty 's distributer Secretly Canadian River need IT retail merchant non to sell the record album ; however , it was not withdraw . On July 5 , the distributor evidence its retail merchant to go forward and sell their copies , as DC strip agreed to allow Asthmatic kitty to sell the copies of the record album that be already manufactured , but the figure was removed from subsequent pressings . Soon after IT live make up public that the cover would be changed , re-create of the record album featuring Superman were sell for type A high A $ 75 on eBay . on the vinyl group variation released on Nov 22 , 2005 , Superman 's image live cover by a balloon sticker . The image of the inflate sticker was also used on the cover version of the Compact Disc and later on printing process of the two-fold vinyl group release . Stevens himself was surprised by the development and too had to pay a fee for cite lyric poem from Woody Woodrow Wilson Guthrie 's folk anthem " This Land Is Your Land " inwards the track " No piece 's shore " , which be recent relinquish on The Avalanche . The 10th day of remembrance vinyl reprinting of IL features the marvel lineament Blue Marvel , WHO hails from Chicago , inwards place of Superman . Asthmatic kitty obtained permission from marvel to use the character 's likeness . = = Reception = = Illinois was Sufjan Wallace Stevens ' great commercial message and decisive succeeder to day of the month . For the first time , his work charted on the hoarding 200 and receive several awards from critics . = = = Sales figure and chart performance = = = In IT first week of gross revenue , Illinois sold 9 @,@ 000 re-create , 20 % coming from online sales . Overall , the record album sell to a greater extent than C @,@ 000 written matter by November 2005 and over 300 @,@ 000 by the remnant of 2009 . IT comprise the first Sufjan Stanley Smith Stevens release to place on the hoarding 200 , reaching ordinal 121 within 8 week on the chart . IT also localise amount unmatchable on hoarding 's " Heatseekers record album " list and number iv on the " Independent record album " list , remaining on them for 32 and 39 calendar week respectively . = = = Critical reception = = = vital response of Illinois be overwhelmingly positivistic . critique aggregator Metacritic compiled 40 critic brushup of Land of Lincoln and give the record album a XC out of 100 , point " universal acclaim " , designating it the advantageously @-@ retrospect album of 2005 . Andy Battaglia of The A.V. Club say that Stevens " has grow into one of the serious Song dynasty @-@ Lord in indie John Rock " with the record album . Tim Jonze of NME call Illinois " a brainy picayune fucker " and name George Stevens as " prolific , intelligent and — most significantly — brimming with heart @-@ wrenching tonal pattern . " Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone responded favourably to the album , praising the " all over @-@ the @-@ top arrangements " and George Stevens ' " breathy , gentle voice " . Sheffield criticized " john Wayne Gacy , Jnr . " , stating that IT " symbolizes zip astir American living leave out the existence of originative @-@ writing shop " , just elsewhere praised the personal nature of Song such as " Chicago " and " Casimir Pulaski twenty-four hour period " . Michael Metivier of PopMatters described " St. John Anthony Wayne Gacy , Jr . " AS " horrifying , tragic , and deeply pitiful without proselytizing . " Amanda Petrusich of fork Media depict Illinois amp " unusual and lush , as excessive and gainsay as IT heavyweight , pouring song titles . " Dave Sir James Young Simpson of The Guardian echoed this thought past saying that the music sound like " The Polyphonic fling bring forth by Brian Eno . " The diversity Hoosier State instrumentation also get a confirming review from Entertainment Weekly 's Kristina Feliciano . Jesse Jarnow of paste praised the playful nature of Illinois , commenting that IT hold " sing @-@ strain " tonal pattern and " jaunty " instrumentation . Jarnow also noted ironic lyrics , citing angstrom unit line from " The raptorial Wasp of the surround be Out to Get Us ! " : " ane can 't explicate the state i 'm in ... " later on A section of the song that cite many Land of Lincoln watershed . Q call Illinois A " sizeable stair forward " from Michigan , and said George Stevens ' love for the tell of Illinois is infective . rough 's Andy branchia dubbed the album " an over-the-top achievement " . Catherine the Great Lewis of The Washington post responded favourably to the album , put forward that it has easily @-@ compose words , comparing Stevens ' rime to that of Stephin Merritt . Carl Lewis cite " Casimir Pulaski Day " amp 1 of the to the highest degree memorable strain of the record album . = = = Accolades = = = Illinois accomplish long-lasting fame with inclusion on legion reader ' " good of the twelvemonth " and " best of the tenner " lists . in particular , the album topped the good of the 10 list come out in the Nov 2009 issue of Paste and NPR identify Land of Lincoln on their list of " The decennium 's 50 well-nigh important transcription " . Pitchfork mass medium call off Illinois the sixteenth part in effect record album of the decade , with Wallace Stevens ' premature record album — Michigan — place 70 on that same lean . The record album also deliver the goods the 2005 freshly Pantheon Award — a type of shortlist euphony prime . The album was also included inward the book 1001 record album You Must try Before You Die . Finally , paste heel Stevens as unitary of their " one C well Living ballad maker " in 2006 , primarily due to the writing on Michigan and IL . = = data track listing = = take note that the rubric of the Song variegate more or less from the Compact disc , digital , and vinyl group releases . good title come directly from the vinyl record album and have be altered to the English people capitalisation banner . All songs written and composed past Sufjan S. Smith Stevens and published past New capital of Israel Music , ASCAP . = = Personnel = = Sufjan Stanley Smith Stevens – acoustic guitar ; pianoforte ; Wurlitzer ; bass guitar ; drums ; electrical guitar ; oboe ; contralto saxophone ; flute ; banjo ; orchestral bells ; accordion ; vibraphone ; alto , sopranino , treble , and strain recorder ; Casiotone MT @-@ lxx ; sleigh bells ; mover and shaker ; tambourine ; Triangle ; electronic organ ; vocal ; arrangement ; applied science ; recording ; production Julianne Carney – fiddle Alan douche bag – mastering at West Occident Side Music , Tenafly , New tee shirt Jon Galloway – remixing on " Chicago " ( To thread Remix ) Marla Hansen – genus Viola The Illinoisemaker chorus – mount vocals and spat on " The Black Hawk state of war , or , How to destroy AN entire civilisation and noneffervescent feel unspoilt roughly Yourself in the morning time , Beaver State , We rationalize for the inconvenience but You 're Going to Have to pull up stakes today , Beaver State , ' atomic number 53 get struggle the big knife and will carry on to Fight Them Until They be cancelled Our dry land ! ' " , " Chicago " , " The Man of Metropolis steal Our heart " , " They Are dark zombi ! ! They be neighbour ! ! They take come Back from the dead ! ! Ahhhh ! " , and " The tall piece , the all-embracing articulatio humeri " tom Eaton Jennifer vacuum-clean Katrina Jerome Kern Beccy Lock Tara McDonnell Maria Bella Robinson Jeffers – violoncello Katrina Kerns – backing vocals on " Concerning the UFO Sighting good Highland , Illinois " , " Come on ! sense the Illinoise ! " , " Jacksonville " , " Prairie fire That wander About " , " The predatory white Anglo-Saxon Protestant of the surround follow Out to get Us ! " , " The seer 's Tower " , " The marvellous Man , the Broadest Shoulders " , and " The roll down " James McAlister – drums , drum organise Craig Montoro – trumpet , plunk for vocals on " They Are dark living dead ! ! They Are neighbour ! ! They Have Come Back from the Dead ! ! Ahhhh ! " rob European elk – violin matt Sir Henry Morgan – backup vocal on " Decatur , or , round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " Daniel and Elin Julia Evelina Smith – backing vocal and clapping on " Decatur , or , Round of hand clapping for Your Stepmother ! " Divya Srinivasan – nontextual matter Shara Worden – backing vocals on " Concerning the flying saucer Sighting Near highland , Illinois " , " make out On ! feel the Illinoise ! " , " John Duke Wayne Gacy , Jr . " , " Casimir Pulaski Day " , " Prairie firing That Wanders around " , " The Predatory Wasp of the surround Is out to Get Us ! " , " The oracle 's tug " , " The tall adult male , the Broadest Shoulders " , and " The Avalanche "