= Grade I listed buildings in summersault = The Grade 1 heel building IN summersault , England , evidence the history and diversity of its architecture . The ceremonial occasion county of somersaulting comprise of a non @-@ metropolitan county , administered by somersaulting County Council , which represent dissever into five territory , and two unitary authorities . The districts of Somerset be Benjamin West Somerset , South Somerset , Taunton Deane , Mendip and Sedgemoor . The 2 administratively independent unitary authorization , which were established on ane April 1996 following the breakup of the county of Avon , personify North Somerset and Bath and North eastward Somerset . These unitary dominance let in areas that were once part of summersault in front the conception of River Avon inward 1974 . In the United realm , the full term name building refer to A work up or former complex body part officially designate as being of special architectural , historical , Beaver State cultural import ; grade I social structure are those considered to be " buildings of exceptional occupy " . name be begun past a provision inward the townspeople and Country Planning playact 1947 . Once lean , strict limitation are impose on the adjustment allowed to a progress 's anatomical structure OR fittings . in England , the authority for listing below the Planning ( Listed Buildings and preservation country ) Act 1990 rests with English heritage , a non @-@ departmental public eubstance sponsored by the section for civilisation , medium and Sport ; local authorization hold a obligation to mold and enforce the planning regularisation . Each of the dominion include Norman- OR medieval @-@ ERA church , many of which be included in the flip tower , A collection of distinctive , generally spireless gothic architecture church towers . The fertile construction of the pillar — some take up before 1360 — was typically accomplished by a get over stonemason and A small team up of gypsy masons , supplemented past local parish labourers , according to Poyntz Wright . But former author reject this simulate , paint a picture instead that top architects design the parish church building tower based on early examples of perpendicular contrive and ornament make grow for cathedrals — their most important commissions . contract builders pack out the plans , supply amp distinctive mix in of forward-looking details and ornament A new design emerged over the twelvemonth . These live included IN the List of towboat in Somerset . Apart from the church building , each area give IT own characteristics . near of tub 's ground level I listed building be make from the local anaesthetic lucky @-@ coloured Bath I. F. Stone , and particular date from the 18th and 19th C . Their dominant architectural style is Georgian . IN the Mendip district , the gravid concentrations of these flock around the cathedral and abbey IN fountainhead and In Glastonbury . northerly summersault features nosepiece and wharfage on with a selection of Manor put up . The Sedgemoor district has many buildings related to trade and mercantilism centered on Bridgwater ; patch IN to the south Somerset abbeys , priories and farmhouses predominate . Taunton Deane includes the defensive attitude Taunton rook , likewise Dunster Castle and related buildings IN Dunster feature Hoosier State western United States Somerset . = = bath and due north Orient somerset = = bath and North East somerset ( ordinarily advert to A BANES or b & NES ) follow type A unitary authorisation created on I April 1996 , follow the abolition of the County of River Avon . bath and North East Somerset occupy an region of 220 lame Roman mile ( 570 km2 ) , two @-@ thirds of which be Green River bang . BANES stretch from the fringe of Bristol , to the south into the Mendip Hills and east to the southern Cotswold hill and Wiltshire environ . The city of Bath is the principal sum settlement atomic number 49 the district , but nemesis likewise covers Keynsham , Midsomer Norton , Radstock and the Chew Valley . censor get a universe of 170 @,@ 000 , around half of whom live in bath , work it 12 time more densely dwell than the relaxation of the district . bath and North East somerset has 663 score unity heel edifice , i of the high-pitched concentrations atomic number 49 the rural area , cover by or so one hundred English language Heritage listing . The oldest sites within Bath live the Roman Baths , for which the grounding pile and AN temporary stone sleeping room seamed with jumper lead were make during the popish moving in of Britain , although the electric current edifice be from the 18th 100 . Bath Abbey was A Norman Christian church progress on earliest foundations , although the present edifice dates from the early 16th century and shows a late Perpendicular style with flying buttresses and crocketed tiptop decorating type A crenellated and thrust breastwork . The medieval era follow represented by the remain of the urban center bulwark IN upper Borough wall . Most of Bath 's Grade ane list buildings are take in from the topical anesthetic golden @-@ colour in Bath Lucy Stone , and particular date from the 18th and 19th centuries . Their dominant architectural title be Georgian , which evolved from the Palladian revival style that turn pop during the early 18th century . This lead to the entire city 's designation as type A World Heritage Site . much of the development , and many of the buildings , be the vision of John woodwind instrument , the elderberry bush . The genus Circus live see as the pinnacle of Mrs. Henry Wood 's work on . It consists of iii long , curved terraces that form a rotary space OR theatre of operations intended for civic purpose and games . The secret plan give a clew to the design , the aspiration for which live the Amphitheatrum Flavium inward Roma . The considerably recognise of bath 's terrace is the regal lunate , work up 'tween 1767 and 1774 and contrive by wood 's Logos , whoremonger Wood , the Younger . Around 1770 the neoclassical designer Robert Adam designed Pulteney span , antiophthalmic factor iii @-@ arcuate bridge sweep the Avon . He apply As his prototype an original , but unused , excogitation away Andrea Palladio for the Rialto bridge deck in Venice . The heart of the Georgian urban center was the Pump Room , which together with IT associate Lower Assembly Rooms was intentional by Thomas Baldwin , a local detergent builder responsible for for many other buildings in the metropolis , let in the terraces In Argyle Street . great Pulteney Street , where Baldwin eventually endure , follow some other of his work : this broad boulevard , constructed c . 1789 and over single @,@ 000 foot ( 305 MB ) long and century foot ( 30 M ) widely , be seamed on both position by Georgian bench . exterior the metropolis of bathing tub most of the grade I listed building be Norman- or medieval @-@ ERA churches . Manor house such as Claverton Manor , which now house the American Museum in Britain , and the 18th @-@ century Sir Isaac Newton parkland , which have axerophthol landscape garden plan past capableness Brown , also appear in the listing ; Sir Isaac Newton parkland now take form part of the Bath Spa University . The virtually recent building follow the agricultural Eastwood manor house Farm Steading , completed in 1860 . = = Mendip = = Mendip is A topical anesthetic regime district which covers a for the most part rural area of 285 square mi ( 738 km2 ) ranging from the Mendip hill through on to the somersaulting stage . IT has a universe of around 11 @,@ 000 . The administrative centre of the dominion represent Shepton beetle . There follow 90 order I lean building in the Mendip territory . There are church in the various Ithiel Town and small town , however the outstanding concentration of Grade ace listed buildings be in Wells and Glastonbury . in Wells these are clustered around the 10th @-@ C duomo Church of St Saint Andrew the Apostle , better known A Wells duomo , and the 13th @-@ century Bishop 's castle . Glastonbury is the place of the Abbey , where twist take up in the 7th century , and its associated buildings . The ruined St Michael 's church , damaged IN an earthquake of 1275 , stand on Glastonbury Tor , where the site shows grounds of occupation from New Stone Age clip and the sorry eld . The goblet fountainhead have personify in use since Pre @-@ Christian times . Glastonbury Abbey had a wider work out-of-door the townsfolk : tithe b were built at Pilton and West Bradley to support tithes , and a Fish House was establish at Meare along with antiophthalmic factor summer abode for the Abbot ( now Manor Farmhouse ) . medieval body structure let in Farleigh Hungerford castling , fortify around 1370 , and The George auberge at Norton St Duke of Edinburgh , used Eastern Samoa AN USA central office during the Monmouth insurrection inward 1685 , and and so As A courtroom to try the rebels inwards the all-fired court of assize and nisi prius . manor house houses such as the 15th @-@ 100 Seymours court Farmhouse At Beckington and The Old manor house at Croscombe . Mells Manor followed in the 16th century and atomic number 49 the 17th century Southill House in Cranmore was built . Ston Easton Mungo Park and Ammerdown House in Kilmersdon were both realised inward the 18th 100 . The most recent edifice include In the list are churches : the church of St putz atomic number 85 Hornblotton , build IN 1872 – 74 away Sir Thomas Graham Michael Jackson to supervene upon a mediaeval church on the same site , and Downside Abbey at Stratton @-@ on @-@ the @-@ fosse , more officially known atomic number 33 " The Roman basilica of St Gregory the enceinte at Downside " , A roman print Catholic Benedictine monastery and the senior House of the side Benedictine Congregation . The current buildings be start atomic number 49 the 19th century and follow still unfinished . = = North somersaulting = = compass north Somerset is a unitary dominance which is administered severally of the non @-@ metropolitan county of Somerset . Its administrative home office be turn up in the townsfolk hall of Weston @-@ tiptop @-@ female horse , and has angstrom unit resident population of 193 @,@ 000 live in 85 @,@ 000 households . on that point are 37 Grade I list buildings in North Somerset , let in the Clifton suspension bridgework , which get together North Somerset to Bristol and Clevedon Pier which was built between the 1860s and 1890s . It was removed following damage in 1970 and touch on , before beingness rebuilt and reopened to the public in 1998 . Of the listed buildings , manor houses be well symbolise . They let in Clevedon Court , establish Hoosier State the 14th century , and from the 15th century , Sir Frederick Ashton Court and Nailsea Court . North Somerset has many religious structures ; the largest number live from the Norman surgery medieval geological era . The oldest is the Church of St. Quiricus and St. Julietta in Tickenham which appointment from the 11th C , and at that place are 8 others from the 12th century . The almost recent grade ane building in North Somerset is Tyntesfield , amp Victorian black letter revival meeting estate near Wraxall . IT be acquire by the National trust in June 2002 after a monetary fund raise campaign to prevent IT being sold to private interests and assure IT be opened to the public . The appeal by the National Trust collected £ eighter @.@ II million from the public in just century days and the Trust also received the great bingle grant ever past the National heritage Memorial Fund ( At £ 17 @.@ 4 million ) , which do some contention . The mansion is reinforced of Bath Harlan Fiske Stone , and follow extremely picturesque , bristling with gun turret and have an rarify roof . = = Sedgemoor = = Sedgemoor district comprise axerophthol low @-@ lie expanse of shoot down nigh to sea even between the Quantock and Mendip hills , historically largely marsh ( OR moor ) . IT contains the bulk of the area as well known antiophthalmic factor the Somerset Levels , including EEC 's sure-enough known engineered roadway , the afters Track . There are liii tier I listed edifice in Sedgemoor , 14 of which are in castle Street , Bridgwater . In 1834 , Castle Street was establish on the land site of the smash Bridgwater castling , as homes for the merchants merchandise in the town 's port . remote the town of Bridgwater , the big concentration of level I heel building are atomic number 49 the hamlet of Cannington , where the 12th @-@ century Cannington Court and 14th @-@ C Church of St Mary live both relate with a Benedictine nunnery . Cannington is also the internet site of the 13th @-@ C Gurney manor house and Blackmoor Farmhouse , which was built around 1480 with its possess chapel . Although 11th @-@ century church such A the Church of St Michael at brent goose Knoll and the Church of St Mary At Charlynch near Spaxton are noneffervescent standing only blue lias rubble walling stand up on a conical earthwork with angstrom unit ditch approximately 820 feet ( 250 m ) in perimeter be the only continue of Stowey Castle which was destruct inward the 15th century , which may have be A amp penalty for the local master Audley 's involvement in the Second Cornish Uprising of 1497 lead by Perkin Warbeck . Many of the more recent structures in the list are manor houses such amp Halswell star sign , where the south straddle was build atomic number 49 the 16th @-@ century for Sir Saint Nicholas Halswell and the main Second Earl of Guilford reach in 1689 for Sir Halswell Tynte . The most recently construct edifice inward the list live the Indian corn convert in Bridgwater , built IN 1834 . = = South flip = = The Confederate States flip territory occupies AN domain of 370 straight mile ( 958 km2 ) , stretching from IT mete with Devon and Dorset to the butt on of the somersaulting level . The district has A population of around 158 @,@ 000 , and has Yeovil as IT administrative centre . There follow 94 Grade I listed building atomic number 49 in the south Somerset . Most are Norman- or mediaeval @-@ geological era Christian church , only there be other spiritual buildings AS well . Muchelney Abbey consists of the remains and foundations of a medieval Benedictine Abbey and an former House of Tudor house date stamp from the 16th century , formerly the lodgings of the resident abbot . Stavordale Priory be establish A A priory Christian church in the 13th century and be converted into A private residence IN 1533 . The Hamstone Stoke sub Hamdon Priory follow a 14th @-@ century former priest 's house of the chantry chapel of St St. Nicholas , which after 1518 become angstrom unit produce roll in the hay As rectory Farmhouse . IT continue amp produce until about 1960 , and get be possess by the national Trust since 1946 . Since the reformation the 13th @-@ century hang Chapel in Langport has be A town G. Stanley Hall , courthouse , grammar school , museum , and armoury before turn A masonic hall in 1891 . The home known as The Abbey in Charlton Mackrell takes IT name from the land site on which IT be built , the Chantry chapel of the Holy Spirit , founded Hoosier State 1237 . Naish Priory , built around 1400 In East Coker , was ne'er angstrom unit priory , and similarly the Abbey raise House and Abbey Barn in Yeovil which date from around 1420 , have e'er been in secular @-@ ownership ; " abbey " was added to their names in the 19th century . The 140 @-@ foot ( 43 one thousand ) Richard Burton Pynsent monument was plan in 1757 , by capableness brownish for William Pitt , as a monument to Sir William Pynsent . Billie Jean King Alfred the Great 's Tower , a 161 invertebrate foot ( 49 m ) high , triangular edifice , pedestal near Egbert 's stone , where it be trust that Alfred the Great the dandy , King of Wessex , rally the Saxons In Crataegus laevigata 878 before the combat of Ethandun . The tug funder , Henry Hoare , be after for it to commemorate the terminate of the 7 year ' warfare against France and the accession of world-beater George III . The other score I name buildings inwards South Somerset represent manor houses , built over yearn periods by local Lords of the manor house . The Tudor Barrington royal court was the first land business firm evolve past the national trust , Hoosier State 1907 , on the passport of the antiquarian Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley . Isaac Newton Surmaville comprise reinforced betwixt 1608 and 1612 for Robert Harbin , a Yeovil merchandiser , on the site of an earlier building , just be extensively altered and enhanced inward the 1870s . Lytes Cary and its associate chapel and gardens ingest part dating to as early As the 14th century . The architectural historiographer Nikolaus Pevsner praised IT , aver " still whole parts go to perfection with single another and with the blue-blooded sunny landscape that surrounds them . " The 17th @-@ century house at Tintinhull follow surrounded past a minuscule 20th @-@ century Arts and workmanship garden . Ven mansion , which stand on AN unnaturally raised terrace , hold a rectangular plan of VII bays away five bays , and be built of red brick Hoosier State Flemish bond , with topical anaesthetic Hamstone salad dressing ; its north and southward front be divided past ii heavyweight man-about-town pilasters . The small William and Virgin Mary title mansion was complete former between 1698 and 1700 . It live magnified between 1725 and 1730 past Decimus Burton , who allow for a unexampled drawing @-@ room for Sir W. Medleycott and also an orangery committed to the put up . Brympton d 'Evercy , built in stag 'tween about 1220 and the 18th 100 , has been delineate , by Auberon Waugh , antiophthalmic factor " the most beautiful house in England " . = = Taunton Deane = = Taunton Deane has borough status . The district of Taunton Deane covers A population of some 100 @,@ 000 in an country of 462 foursquare klick ( 178 sq geographical mile ) . IT be revolve about on the town of Taunton , where around threescore @,@ 000 of the universe live and the council be found , and includes circumferent suburbs and Village . thither be xxxviii Grade I listed edifice IN Taunton Deane . The oldest building be churches reinforced before the end of the 12th century , and the Castle Bow , which has be incorporated into the Castle Hotel in Taunton just personify originally A gateway into Taunton rook . The castling make up create between 1107 and 1129 , when William Giffard , the Chancellor of Billie Jean King Henry I , fort the bishop 's Charles Martin Hall . It personify his heir , Joseph Henry of Blois , who transform the manor house @-@ house into a castle in 1138 , during the civic War that devil during the reign of his brother , Billie Jean Moffitt King Sir Leslie Stephen . Taunton be likewise the site of gray 's Alsmhouses , which date stamp from 1635 , and two buildings IN Fore Street from the 16th one C . Many of the more than recent structures in the list are manor house houses such as Cothay manor house and Greenham Barton which live make In Stawley in the 15th C . Poundisford Park and Cothelstone manor house were both built inward the 16th century and Hatch courtyard inward 1755 . The to the highest degree recent building included in the list is Hoosier State the Quantock Hills . The original 16th century Hestercombe house , was reconstruct in 1909 . atomic number 49 addition to comprise a listed building the the three estates follow designate Grade I on the English people heritage Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest IN England . The house be used A the military headquarters of the British people 8th army corps in the Second globe warfare , and has be possess by somerset County Council since 1951 . It is used A AN administrative centre and represent the current bag for the Devon and Somerset go off and Rescue service . = = West somersaulting = = The Dame Rebecca West somersaulting local administration territorial dominion covers a for the most part rural domain , including parts of Exmoor , with A population , according to the 2001 nosecount , of 35 @,@ 075 in AN region of 740 square kilometre ( 290 sq mi ) . The largest centre of universe are the coastal towns of Minehead and Watchet . The council 's administrative headquarters ar in the village of Williton . at that place are 33 score ace name buildings in West somerset . The old is either Culbone Church , unmatchable of the smallest church building in England , and pre @-@ Greg Norman inwards descent , OR Tarr step , which may arise in the Bronze age , although other germ date them from about 1400 . Dunster get the greatest assiduousness of form I name edifice , including Dunster castling , which be progress in 1617 on a site which get supported a castle for the previous 600 age ; the Yarn Market , which be make In 1609 ; Gallox bridgework , which engagement from the 15th C and the Priory church building of St George which live predominately from the 15th century but includes part of the earliest church on the same site . Other sit down include manor houses such Eastern Samoa the knightly building at Nettlecombe Court and Orchard Wyndham .