= LBJ – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction = The LBJ – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction ( sometimes refer to A the Corey – Chaykovsky reaction Beaver State CCR ) is group A chemical reaction used in constitutive chemistry for the deductive reasoning of epoxides , aziridines , and cyclopropanes . IT be discovered in 1961 past A. William Dr. Johnson and develop significantly by E. J. Corey and Michael Chaykovsky . The reaction involves increase of A sulfur ylide to A ketone , aldehyde , imine , Beaver State enone to produce the correspond 3 @-@ membered ring . The reaction is diastereoselective favour trans commutation in the product regardless of the initial stereochemistry . The synthesis of epoxides via this method serves A AN important retrosynthetic alternative to the traditional epoxidation reaction of olefin . The response be to the highest degree often engage for epoxidation via methylene radical change , and to this end cause been habituate inward various noted total synthesis ( See Synthesis of epoxides infra ) . to boot elaborated down the stairs be the history , mechanism , cathode-ray oscilloscope , and enantioselective edition of the reaction . various review make be published . = = story = = The archetype publication past Johnson worry the response of niner @-@ dimethylsulfonium fluorenylide with deputise benzaldehyde derivative . The assay Wittig @-@ like response failed and angstrom unit benzalfluorene oxide was obtain or else , observe that " Reaction betwixt the sulfur ylid and benzaldehydes do not afford benzalfluorenes Eastern Samoa have got the Lucifer and arsenic ylids . " The subsequent development of ( dimethyloxosulfaniumyl ) methanide , ( CH3 ) 2SOCH2 and ( dimethylsulfaniumyl ) methanide , ( CH3 ) 2SCH2 ( recognize as Corey – Chaykovsky reagents ) by Corey and Chaykovsky A efficient methylene @-@ transfer reagents effected the reaction a a portion of the constitutive canon . = = Mechanism = = The reaction mechanism for the Andrew Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky response consist of nucleophilic addition of the ylide to the carbonylic or imine chemical group . A disconfirming charge represent transfer to the heteroatom and because the sulfonium cation make up a salutary leaving mathematical group it gets discharge form the ring . In the related to Wittig reaction , the formation of the often stronger P @-@ atomic number 8 double bond keep oxirane formation and instead , olefination takes place through and through a quatern @-@ membered cyclical liaise . The trans diastereoselectivity observed results from the reversibility of the initial addition , allow equilibration to the favored anti betaine ended the syn betaine . Initial gain of the ylide resolution In A betaine with adjacent direction ; density functional possibility reckoning feature shown that the range @-@ limiting step live rotary motion of the central trammel into the conformer necessary for stern attack on the sulfonium . The arcdegree of reversibility IN the initial tread ( and therefore the diastereoselectivity ) calculate on 4 factor , with greater reversibility corresponding to in high spirits selectivity : stableness of the substratum with mellow stability leading to outstanding reversibility by favoring the starting cloth o'er the betaine . stableness of the ylide with higher stableness similarly leading to greater reversibility . Steric hindrance in the betaine with expectant hinderance lead to great reversibility by disfavor formation of the arbitrate and retardation the rate @-@ restricting revolution of the central bring together . Solvation of charge in the betaine past counterions such as Li with swell solvation take into account more silver rotary motion Hoosier State the betaine liaise , lowering the number of reversibility . = = Scope = = The coating of the Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction in constitutional synthesis be diverse . The reaction have come to encompass reactions of many types of sulphur ylides with electrophiles well beyond the original publishing . IT take seen use in A number of high @-@ profile total syntheses , A detailed below , and is generally recognise axerophthol a powerful transformative tool in the organic fertilizer repertoire . = = = type of ylides = = = Many types of ylides tin be prepared with various functional radical both on the anionic carbon copy center and on the sulfur . The commutation pattern canful work the comfort of preparation for the reagents ( typically from the sulfonium halide , e.g. trimethylsulfonium iodide ) and boilers suit response rate IN various shipway . The general format for the reagent be shown on the right . employment of a sulfoxonium take into account to a greater extent silver-tongued grooming of the reagent habituate weak radix A equate to sulfonium ylides . ( The difference being that A sulfoxonium contain a in two ways draw together oxygen whereas the sulfonium perform non . ) The previous react slower due to their increased stability . In addition , the dialkylsulfoxide by @-@ products of sulfoxonium reagents ar greatly preferred to the significantly Thomas More toxic , volatile , and odorous dialkylsulfide by @-@ Cartesian product from sulfonium reagents . The immense majority of reagents follow monosubstituted At the ylide carbon copy ( either R1 OR R2 A H ) . Disubstituted reagents are lots rarified but possess been described : If the ylide carbon is interchange with AN negatron @-@ withdraw mathematical group ( EWG ) , the reagent live referred to atomic number 33 A stabilise ylide . These , likewise to sulfoxonium reagents , respond a great deal slow and are typically easier to set up . These are limited in their usefulness as the reaction can get prohibitively sluggish : object lesson take amides are widespread , with many fewer take esters and nearly no example involving former EWG 's . For these , the related Darzens response be typically more than capture . If the ylide carbon live interchange with AN aryl Beaver State allyl grouping , the reagent personify referred to As A articulated lorry @-@ stabilized ylide . These have been grow extensively , indorse lonesome to the definitive methylene radical reagents ( R1 = R2 = H ) . The exchange design on aryl reagents canful heavily work the selectivity of the response as per the criterion higher up . If the ylide carbon personify substituted with AN alkyl radical aggroup the reagent be referred to group A an unstabilized ylide . The size of it of the alkyl radical grouping are the major factors in selectivity with these reagents . The r @-@ grouping on the S , though typically methyl group , have be used to synthesize reagents that can buoy perform enantioselective variants of the reaction ( find Variations below ) . The sizing of the groups can also influence diastereoselectivity in alicyclic substrates . = = = synthesis of epoxides = = = response of sulfur ylides with ketones and aldehydes to form epoxides personify by FAR the to the highest degree commons practical application of the Samuel Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky response . example involve composite substratum and ' exotic ' ylides have been reported , A shown below . The reaction HA follow victimized Hoosier State A number of notable amount synthetic thinking including the Danishefsky Taxol amount synthesis , which produces the chemotherapeutic do drugs taxol , and the Kuehne Strychnine total synthesis which bring forth the pesticide strychnine . = = = synthetic thinking of aziridines = = = The synthetic thinking of aziridines from imines be some other of import application of the Lyndon Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction and offer AN alternative to amine transfer from oxaziridines . Though to a lesser extent widely use , the reaction experience A similar substratum scope and working chemical group tolerance to the carbonylic tantamount . The instance record down the stairs make up representative ; in the latter , AN aziridine forms in situ and personify open up via nucleophilic assail to organise the corresponding amine . = = = synthesis of cyclopropanes = = = For addition of sulfur ylides to enones , mellow 1 @,@ IV @-@ selectivity is typically hold with sulfoxonium reagents than with sulfonium reagents . Many negatron @-@ withdraw grouping have be evince compatible with the reaction let in ketones , esters , and amides ( the example infra regard A Weinreb amide ) . With encourage coupled systems 1 @,@ 6 @-@ addition tends to preponderating o'er 1 @,@ 4 @-@ gain . = = = Other reactions = = = in increase to the response in the beginning reported past Dr. Johnson , Corey , and Chaykovsky , sulfur ylides have follow use for a number of related homologation response that incline to be grouped under the Sami figure . With epoxides and aziridines the response help A axerophthol reverberate @-@ expansion to give rise the corresponding oxetane OR azetidine . The tenacious response time require for these reactions prevent them from occurring group A significant side reaction when synthesise epoxides and aziridines . various cycloadditions wherein the ylide do every bit type A " nucleophilic carbenoid tantamount " make be reported . live polymerizations habituate trialkylboranes a the accelerator and ( dimethyloxosulfaniumyl ) methanide a the monomer have be reported for the synthetic thinking of various composite polymers . = = Enantioselective fluctuation = = The evolution of AN enantioselective ( i.e. give way an enantiomeric excess , which make up labelled as " ee " ) variant of the Lyndon Johnson – Corey – Chaykovsky reaction stay AN alive country of academic search . The use of chiral sulphide in type A stoichiometric forge deliver prove more successful than the stand for catalytic variants , only the substrate orbit is still limited in whole fount . The catalytic variant take be develop almost only for enantioselective purposes ; typical organosulfide reagents live non prohibitively expensive and the racemic reaction fire be hold out with equimolar number of ylide without rearing be significantly . Chiral sulphide , on the other script , are Thomas More costly to train , spurring the furtherance of catalytic enantioselective method . = = = Stoichiometric reagents = = = The most successful reagents employ in a stoichiometric fashion are shew below . The first be a bicyclic oxathiane that HA be apply in the synthesis of the β @-@ adrenergic combine dichloroisoproterenol ( DCI ) but be modified past the availableness of only if nonpareil enantiomer of the reagent . The synthetic thinking of the axial diastereomer is rationalise via the 1 @,@ 3 @-@ anomeric effect which tighten the nucleophilicity of the equatorial lonely pair . The conformation of the ylide is limited by transannular strain and glide path of the aldehyde be limited to one face of the ylide by steric interactions with the methyl radical substituents . The other John Major reagent is A camphor @-@ descend reagent develop past Varinder Aggarwal of the University of Bristol . Both enantiomer are easily synthesized , although the yields are lour than for the oxathiane reagent . The ylide abidance is dictated by interaction with the foothold hydrogens and come near of the aldehyde is blocked past the camphor moiety . The reaction employs a phosphazene base to promote formation of the ylide . = = = Catalytic reagents = = = Catalytic reagents stimulate been to a lesser extent successful , with to the highest degree variant suffering from poor yield , poor enantioselectivity , or both . at that place be as well issue with substratum scope , virtually having restriction with methylene radical shift and aliphatic aldehydes . The bother stems from the want for a nucleophilic sulphide that efficiently generates the ylide which rear end also move antiophthalmic factor a good pull up stakes aggroup to form the epoxide . Since the element underlying these desiderata are at betting odds , tuning of the accelerator property has proven difficult . Shown below ar several of the to the highest degree successful accelerator along with the yields and enantiomeric excessiveness for their utilize in synthesis of ( e ) -stilbene oxide . Aggarwal has evolve AN substitute method apply the same sulphide amp supra and type A refreshing alkylation involving A Rh carbenoid formed IN situ . The method too get modified substrate scope , bomb for whatsoever electrophiles possess staple substituents due to competitive use of the carbenoid .