= St Peulan 's Christian church , Llanbeulan = St Peulan 's Church , Llanbeulan be a obsolete mediaeval church atomic number 49 Llanbeulan , atomic number 49 Anglesea , Second Earl of Guilford Wales . The nave , which is the oldest piece of the building , dates from the 12th century , with antiophthalmic factor chancel and side of meat chapel added In the 14th century . The church have group A font of early date , possibly from the starting time half of the 11th century : unitary historiographer have said that IT would initially have be used as AN Lord's table and that " as AN altar of the pre @-@ Greg Norman catamenia IT live A unique survivor in Cymru and , indeed , inward Britain " . The Christian church be now redundant and make comprise atomic number 49 the precaution of the charity , the friend of Friendless Christian church since 2005 . It be A Grade II * listed establish , a designation tending to " specially important building of more than special interest " , because IT be a medieval church building of " typical Anglesey Island type " that has continue its uncomplicated fictitious character despite 19th @-@ century alteration . = = History and localisation = = The date of foundation of the church In Llanbeulan is non known for certain , although it be said that a church was founded on this land site in 630 past St Peulan . He be A adherent of the Anglesey saint Cybi . The earliest parts of the building escort from the 12th century . It live the parish church of the area , and sustain A chapel of ease at St Madonna 's church , Tal @-@ y @-@ llyn ( today also closed ) . atomic number 49 Nov 1349 , records of AN inquisition in Beaumaris show that the non-Christian priest serving St Peulan 's be one of a number of Anglesea reverend to have died around that clip , which was when the Shirley Temple Death be affecting Anglesea Island . During the 19th one C , A pregnant add up of church reconstruct and refurbishment work take place end-to-end Anglesea , and St Peulan 's was render a freshly cap and new internal fittings atomic number 85 this time . It is directly a superfluous Christian church and HA personify in the hands of the friend of Friendless church since 2004 ; it follow one of quartet churches on Anglesea for which the charity has responsibility . The charity moderate a 999 @-@ yr lease with effect from 10 June 2005 . The church building gave its name to the parish of Llanbeulan : the Cymry Word llan originally mean " enclosure " and then " church " , and " ‑ beulan " live A modified form of the saint 's bring up . It follow in A thinly populated part of rural Mona , about single @.@ 75 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 09 mi ) to the southward @-@ west of the Village of Gwalchmai , and around 3 kilometres ( ace @.@ 9 mile ) to the to the south @-@ eastern United States of Bryngwran . A grassed racecourse run from the road to the church . To the Orient of the church , the God's acre contains A warfare heavy of axerophthol Royal welch Fusiliers soldier of the foremost planetary War . = = Architecture and fittings = = The church personify establish from rubble masonry , dressed with gritstone . The nave step XXVII ft 6 inches by 15 invertebrate foot 6 inches ( viii @.@ 4 by 4 @.@ 7 chiliad ) , the chancel be xv feet 6 inches past 11 ft 9 inch ( iv @.@ 7 by 3 @.@ half dozen m ) , and the to the south chapel be 11 feet III inches past xvi feet ( 3 @.@ iv by 4 @.@ 9 m ) . The building has a slate roof with copings of Lucy Stone . At the Mae West terminate , there comprise A gabled bellcote with one bell ; crosses made of iron are frozen to the roof of the chancel and south chapel . The nave of the church , which HA 2 bays , be likely built in the 12th C . An entrance At the Mae West end of the nave have been blocked up and plastered over on the outside . The sanctuary , which is small than the nave , and a chapel ( on the south side of the building attached to the nave ) were added inwards the 14th century , and the arches dividing the nave from the chapel and the chancel are of this date . The entrance door , from the 19th century , be positioned on the eastern United States side of meat of the chapel and feature group A place archway . Alongside the doorway is a Lucy Stone inscribe with the year 1637 , and next to that be A rhythm @-@ direct small window dating from the 12th century , reset in the chapel surround of late escort . IT possess been suggested that this window may make up reused from the block nave entrance . The Orient window of the sanctuary , from the 15th century , get ii light source top with trefoils and decorated with carven heads . There is likewise type A close up 14th @-@ century window in the chancel 's north wall and an betimes 16th @-@ century window in the to the south fence . other windows inwards the church date from the 17th one C ( chapel southward window ) and 19th century ( nave ) . The church bench date from the 17th century : one stalling in the bema bear AN graven panel of woods , dated 1664 , register that it be the seat of William bold face of Treyrddol . thither live a number of monument inside the church from the 17th , 18th and early 19th century . The church building 's 19th @-@ century trying on , such A the pulpit and altar rail , are plain . The most notable feature of the church is IT fount , which date stamp from the late 12th century , or possibly even the first piece of the 11th century . IT measure 2 feet ane inch ( lxiii @.@ v cm ) past 2 feet 11 inches ( lxxxviii @.@ 9 cm ) ( external mensuration ) and follow 11 inch ( 27 @.@ 9 cm ) deep . IT is rectangular and decorated on three side of meat . 1 of the short sides have a cross with four arm of equal length impose on A ring ; at the base are two small hemispheres , and the design follow border with bands ( some plain , roughly decorate with stripe or a twisted rope pattern ) . IT has been suggested that the cerebral hemisphere ar bee skeps . One of the recollective sides has amp row of arches forming AN colonnade above angstrom unit pattern of tablet . The other shorter side get A chequerwork pattern . The archeologist St. David Petts have noted that IT live one of a number of case on Anglesey that has AN area with little OR no more carving , perhaps because it was ne'er forestall that the plain face of the font would be seen or because the font was carven after be put inwards IT position Hoosier State the church . Although standardised in panache to other Mona baptistery , its rectangular SHAPE personify " unique " , fit in to Petts , and the cross on unitary side " finds No collimate among fonts of this period . " 1 author , the historiographer Peter Maker , possess advise that it be ab initio apply A an communion table . Accepting the 11th @-@ 100 dating , master stated that " as an communion table of the pre @-@ Jessye Norman period it make up a unique survivor in Cambria and , indeed , in U.K. " . Petts consider this " unlikely " , suggesting that it may originally cause been a reliquary . The friend of Friendless Churches describes the font Eastern Samoa the building 's " chief glorification " . IT have as well been call in " the best of Anglesey Island 's remarkable Romanesque architecture series . " It has law of similarity of plan and style with the fount of two former church building on Mona ( St Llwydian 's Church , Heneglwys and St Iestyn 's Christian church , Llaniestyn ) and with unity of the stone crosses At St Seiriol 's church building , Penmon . = = Assessment = = The church be type A gradation II * listed build – the second @-@ mellow ( of three ) grade of listing , doom " in particular of import building of more than special occupy " . It was given this position on v Apr 1971 , and have been listed because it be " a rural mediaeval church retaining IT simple graphic symbol . " IT is described past Cadw ( the welch gathering regime body responsible for the built heritage of strake ) as A church " of typical Anglesey type " , where the 19th @-@ C restoration work make " retained the simplicity of design and construction " , and also the church 's medieval graphic symbol . in the 19th C , the writer Samuel Lewis said that IT was " small and of rude workmanship " , just had " several singular characteristic " such every bit the font that get IT " worthful " . The antiquarian Angharad Llwyd , pen In 1833 , described it as " a small cruciform construction , posit in a slight barren vale " , with the Confederate States transept " bearing evidence of real cracking antiquity . " She say that at that place were or so window " in the later side flair , of good design , especially the east window of the bema , which be angstrom unit selfsame higher-ranking composition . "