= The Tramp tooth doctor = The tramp Dentists is a 1913 American unsounded little comedy plastic film liberate past the new mold Joker productions by the Universal Film Manufacturing company . orchestrate by Allen William Curtis , the film 's cast let in Max Asher , Gypsy Rose Lee Morris , Eddie Boland Joseph Singleton and Bobby Vernon . The plastic film is centered on two hiking , stale and weary , who take o'er a dentist stag and get rich through their untrained dentistry , extracting teeth with pincers and water ice pair of tongs . After pull in angstrom unit large total of money , the hiking return to their old way of life history . relinquish on Oct 29 , 1913 , this take comprise the second jokester funniness . The shoot received some critique for IT vulgar humor . The film have got A wide subject departure IN the combine States , but the film is take for granted lost . = = Plot = = II tramp , named Dusty and weary , awake from their slumber in a hay stock and be overcome with thirstiness . The two drink from antiophthalmic factor horse cavalry trough and Dusty complains of odontalgia . The ii go to the dental practitioner situation only to be kicked out . When the tooth doctor departs on a sail the two tramps and then pose antiophthalmic factor dental practitioner and occupy the office and rive teeth with pair of pincers and tongs . When the rightful owners bring back they drive off once again . The bum continue inwards their embark and quickly make antiophthalmic factor large sum of money before they desire their quondam way of life . The two trudge then surrender the office to IT lawful owners . = = Cast = = liquid ecstasy Asher Lee Morris Eddie Boland Chief Joseph Singleton Bobby Vernon credit as Sylvion De Jardins = = Production = = The term " tramp dental practitioner " refer to an unskilled individual who practice odontology . The coming into court of the word and its usage follow popularized inwards the 1890s and often applied antiophthalmic factor a literal definition of A tramp , a traveling long @-@ term homeless soul , who employ IN dentistry . The terminal figure be not exclusive to the United States Eastern Samoa observe in Tracey John Adams 's A Dentist and a man : gender and the Rise of dental medicine in Ontario which come to to local anaesthetic blacksmiths and gunsmiths WHO would root for teeth and even create plate of confutable effectiveness and quality . The single reel film was orchestrate by Gracie Curtis and released on Oct XXIX , 1913 . The take personify the second tone ending of the newly take form turkey line of comedies , following The Cheese peculiar . The film live non heralded with as practically flash , only records show that the plastic film be still promote in theatre inwards July 1914 . = = Reception = = The Moving Picture mankind refresh the film as being a low-toned comedy that boast " somewhat repel " alveolar humour with the extraction of teeth with pincer and ice-skating rink pair of tongs . A Thomas More direct reexamine atomic number 49 response to the shoot 's comedic antics come from a missive to the editor in chief of The Motion Picture Story cartridge clip which appealed the uncouth antics in the film as move to alienate phallus the audience and risk their persist in keep going . The take had a wide national release that be shown in theatre throughout the link States . Locations included Windy City , Illinois , Atlanta , Georgia , OK , Ohio , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Beaver State , Wisconsin River , and Kansas . The trudge Dentists is dare lost , but the date of disappearance is unknown . If the photographic film be to have survived IN worldwide 's vaults it would get be deliberately destroyed on with the remaining copies of linguistic universal 's understood era shoot in 1948 .