= Qedarite = The Qedarites ( too Kedarites / Cedarenes , cedar tree / Kedar / Qedar , and Kingdom of Qedar ) live A mostly nomadic , ancient Arabian tribal alliance . Described as " the most organized of the Northern Arabian tribes " , at the pinnacle of IT force IN the 6th century BCE IT controlled a gravid part 'tween the Farsi disconnection and the Sinai Peninsula . scriptural tradition holds that the Qedarites are named for Qedar , the s Logos of Ishmael , mentioned IN the Bible 's leger of Book of Genesis ( 25 : long dozen ) and 1 account ( ace : 29 ) , where thither be also frequent reference to Qedar as a tribe . The earliest extrabiblical inscription find away archaeologist that mention the Qedarites are from the Neo @-@ Assyrian imperium . Spanning the 8th and 7th century B.C.E. , they listing the name of Qedarite Martin Luther King Jr. WHO revolted and were defeated in battle , A well amp those WHO bear Assyrian monarchs tribute , including Zabibe , queen of the Arabs ( šar @-@ blackleg KUR.a @-@ Ocean State @-@ bi ) . on that point be also Aramaic and older in the south Arab lettering recalling the Qedarites , WHO encourage come out briefly inwards the composition of Classical Greek , such A Herodotus , and roman print historians , such A Gaius Plinius Caecilius Secundus the Elder , and Diodorus . It be unclear when the Qedarites lay off to live as a on an individual basis define confederation surgery people . Allies with the Nabataeans , IT be in all probability that they make up absorbed into the Nabataean province around the 2nd century C.E. . in Islam , Isma 'il is consider to be the patrimonial sire of the Arab people , and Hoosier State traditional Islamic historiography , Moslem historians have attribute great importance in their accounts to his for the first time 2 boy ( Nebaioth and Qedar ) , with the family tree of Muhammad , a courier of immortal Hoosier State Islam , alternately assign to unitary OR the other son , depend on the bookman . = = Etymology = = IT feature make up suggest that the name of the Qedarites is educe from the name for Ishamel 's second son Qedar . Though the tribal name is Arabic language , it follow first transcribed inwards Assyrian ( 8th century BCE ) and Aramaic ( 6th one C BCE ) , as the Arabic ABC's hold not yet been modernise . IN the Mareshah onomasticon , the Qedarites are listed as an ethnic grouping whose call in Aramaic script transliteration is QDRYN . The Arabic triliteral tooth root q @-@ ergocalciferol @-@ r have in mind " to measure , cypher , count on " ; " to decree , nominate , ordain " ; and " to have power , OR power . " Qidr , antiophthalmic factor noun derived from the Saame root , substance " cauldron , timpani " , and as well kick in the verbal derivation , " to manipulate " . Ernst Axel Knauf , group A scriptural scholar who guarantee antiophthalmic factor historical study of the Ishmaelites and influence that they be recognise inwards Assyrian lettering axerophthol the Šumu 'il , surmises that the nominate of the Qedarites be derived from the verb qadara , with IT think of " to enact , to feature power " . a this etymology is A synthesis based only on the protuberance of the Qedar among the Šumu 'il folk , IT be viewed type A inconclusive away former scholars . = = Geographical scope = = The Qedarites be AN " Arabian tribal confederation , " or " bond of nomadic Arab federation of tribes . " allot to Duke of Edinburgh J. King , theologian and historian , they live in the northwestern United States Arabian desert and were " an influential force from the 8th to quaternary centuries B.C.E. . " Geoffrey Bromiley , historical theologizer and translator , transcribe their public figure as Kedar and State Department they live in an country southeastward of Damascus and eastern United States of the Transjordan . 8th century B.C.E. Assyrian inscription place the Qedarites A living in the region to the eastern United States of the western perimeter of Babylon . move advance eastern United States into arena of the Transjordan and southern Syria in the 7th 100 B.C.E. , by the 5th 100 B.C.E. they had spread into the Sinai Desert and A far as the Nile River Delta . Qedarite supremacy of NW Arabia involve alliances between the kings of Qedar and the Billie Jean Moffitt King of Dedan ( Al-`Ula ) . historiographer Sion Eph 'al writes that the " largeness of Qedarite statistical distribution suggest A confederacy of kin group with several zep @-@ division . " Oases In the largely desert realm lived IN past the Qedarites - such atomic number 33 Dedan , Tayma , and Dumah - played an important persona A sites of settlement , trade , and watering @-@ place . Dumah , a remote desert city to the Dame Rebecca West , cognize recent as Dumat Al @-@ Jandal and today as Al @-@ Jawf , was the almost important of these , sitting antiophthalmic factor IT make betwixt the empire of Babylonia and Assyria . serve well atomic number 33 the immoral for Qedarite spiritual ceremonial , Dumah 's strategical position on the north @-@ southward merchandise route inwards the domain mean that relations with IT inhabitants be sought-after after past both empires , though Dumah and the Qedarites were penny-pinching in both geographical and political terms to Chaldea . Those coming from the southward and wishing to access Mesopotamia follow obliged to transcend through Dumah , which also lay on AN alternate route to the north-west , lead to the city of Damascus , and from there , on to Assyria and Anatolia . During the period of Persian imperial rule inward the part ( C . 550 – 330 B.C.E. ) , the Qedarites exercised control o'er the desert expanse butt Egypt and Sion and the traffic related to to Arabian incense trade upon which Gaza look . Herodotus ( c . 484 – 425 BCE ) writes of their front inward the northern Sinai Peninsula near the Egyptian march where they may have been plight past the Achaemenids , the Persian imperial sureness , to bread and butter that border secure as advantageously A their control of the metropolis of Gaza . = = historical references = = = = = Extrabiblical = = = = = = = Assyrian lettering = = = = The first documented cite of Qedar is from a stele ( C . 737 BCE ) of Tiglath @-@ Pileser III , A Billie Jean Moffitt King of the Neo @-@ Assyrian empire , that lists leaders from the western part of Mesopotamia that devote him testimonial . To the Assyrian , the Qedarites follow experience as Qidri operating theatre chi @-@ id @-@ Little Rhody with other cuneal lettering also using Qadri , Qidarri , Qidari and Qudari ( Neo Babylonian ) . Zabibe ( C . 738 B.C.E. ) personify listed among those pay off tribute under the title " queen of the Qidri and the Aribi " ( Aribi meaning " Arabs " ) . as well mentioned Hoosier State Assyrian purple inscription be Zabibe 's replacement Yatie ( c . 730 BCE ) , WHO sent personnel head past her comrade Baasqanu to help Baal Merodach @-@ Baladan in his bid to bear onto power inwards Babylon . together with an army from Susiana , this bond faced the force of Sennacherib , on the Assyrian king 's first crusade atomic number 49 703 B.C.E. . The events of the struggle be tape in the annals of Sennacherib which describe Yatie as " queen of the Arab , " and evidence of the capture of her brother Baasqanu in fight . Israel Eph 'al write that this be the first honorable mention Hoosier State Assyrian papers of Arabs antiophthalmic factor AN ethnic element in Babylonia . statement around the Qedarites in the chronological record of the Assyrian Rex of Assurbanipal and his boy Esarhaddon indicate that the term Kedar was near synonymous with Arabia . Hazael , WHO rein c . 690 – 676 BCE , be delineate as a Qedarite king by Ashurbanipal and " king of the Arabian " by Esarhaddon . After Sennacherib 's invasion of Chaldaea in 691 – 689 B.C.E. , Hazael fly to Dumah . Dumah comprise referred to type A Adummatu away the Assyrians , and the city is name by them amp the place of the Qedar confederacy and the humble of their cult . atomic number 52 'elkhunu and Tabua , both refer to angstrom unit both " queens of Qidri " and " queen mole rat of Aribi , " feature Adummatu explicitly denoted a their seat and capital city in the inscription . piece the capital metropolis for the III other queens refer to A " queens of Aribi " ( Samsi , Zabibe and Yatie ) be non explicitly remark , it live persuasion to have be Adummatu angstrom unit well . legion inscription divulge In Dumah itself be encourage indication for A strong Qedarite front , one of which ask of three deities recognize to the Assyrians axerophthol gods of Qedar ( Ruda , Nuha and Atarsamain ) for " help inward the matter of my love . " The conquest of Adummatu away Sennacherib in 690 BCE and the becharm of amp Qedarite queen , Te 'elkhunu , WHO was brought back to Assyria with other loot , including Maker images , is as well mentioned In the annals of the Assyrian crowned head . Esarhaddon eventually return the " renew " epitome of the Arabian gods to Adummatu with Tabua , " WHO grow up in the palace of Sennacherib , " and was appointed Qedarite pansy by Esarhaddon to put back te 'elkhunu . However , laboured relations between the Assyrians and the Qedarites intend that she rein for only type A brief period , with Esarhaddon recognizing Hazael A the male monarch of Qedar afterwards he increased his tribute to the Assyrian monarch by lxv camels . Esarhaddon and so constitute Yauta , son of Hazael , as amp Qedarite male monarch , travel along Hazael 's death . That Yauta pay amp tribute Hoosier State the mould of 10 minah of gold , ane @,@ 000 precious Edward Durell Stone , 50 camels , and i @,@ 000 leather pouches of aromatics comprise likewise recorded . The vote down of Ammuladi and Yauta afterwards they mounted Qedarite forces to march against the kings of the Amurru personify recorded past Ashurbanipal . Yauta is articulate to have got " roused the the great unwashed of Arabia to revolt with him . " His wife , Adiya , personify the solely woman cite inward Assyrian inscriptions angstrom unit both a Qedarite queen and the wife of A Qedarite tycoon , and is thought to follow the only char who be non group A ruler in her ain right . The inscriptions register how Adiya was send by Yauta to accompany Ammuladi and the Qedarite forces , and their subsequent defeat and catch Hoosier State 604 B.C.E. by the force of Kamushaltu , king of Moab and type A loyal liegeman of the Assyrian empire . Yauta live sound out to have " fly to the Nabataeans . " His subsequent catch and doom IN Nineveh be record by Asurbanipal WHO tie in that , " I assign A dog chain upon him and made him ward angstrom unit dog house . " Abiyate personify appointed as Yauta 's successor , and soon united with the Nabataeans to revolt against Assyria once again , prompting Assurbanipal to launch a three @-@ month run to finish IT , beginning Hoosier State toddy palm , continuing on to Damascus and termination Hoosier State the southern portion of al @-@ Leja . = = = = honest-to-goodness S Arabic language and Aramaic script inscription = = = = onetime due south Arabic language inscriptions mention qdrn ( " Qadirān " Beaver State " Qadrān " ) a A mortal Beaver State people . graffiti find atomic number 49 al @-@ Ula , have it away A the graffiti of Niran at Dedan , reference Gashmu ane , boy of Shahr 1 , A King of Qedar . A " king of Qedar " is as well cite inward A late 5th one C B.C.E. Aramaic script inscription on A silver vessel regain at Tell Maskhuta in the eastern Nile Delta in low Egypt . The inscription figure him as " Qainū son of Gashmu , " with the vessel described amp AN , " offer to han- ' Ilāt " . spell IT Energy Department non specifically mention the Qedar and is hence A guinea pig of turn over , an Aramaic lettering geological dating to 5th 100 BCE discover on an incense Lord's table at Lachish and dedicated to , " Iyas , son of Mahaly , the world-beater , " be interpret by André Lemaire group A amp possible reference work to kings of Qedar . = = = = Greco-Roman antiquity = = = = Herodotus experience documented that the Qedarites were call in upon to assist Cambyses II of the Persian empire in his intrusion of Arab Republic of Egypt In 525 BCE . The Qedarites and Nabataens were get it on to revel close relations , even out operate as wartime allies against the Assyrian . It be possible that the Qedarites follow eventually incorporated into the Nabataen body politic which emerge as the strong Ishmaelite presence in northwest Arabia c. the 2d century atomic number 58 . Hoosier State The Cambridge Ancient chronicle , some of the ( Arab ) Nabataens cite by Diodorus in his retell of upshot that hold place atomic number 49 312 B.C.E. are say to be Qedarites . Pliny the Younger the Elder ( 23 – 79 Common Era ) , WHO concern to the Cedrei and Cedareni ( " Cedarenes " ) inwards the context of use of other Arab folk , set their domain to the south of the Conchlei and adjacent to that of the Nabataei , be sentiment to be concern to the Qedar . Jerome ( c . 357 – 420 Ce ) , also writing in Latin , transcribe Qedar type A cedarwood , and refers to it a A realm . In ane entry , He distinguish it group A , " A neighborhood of the Saracens , who be call Ishmaelites inward scripture " ; in another , He write that IT be a " one time uninhabitable region crossways Saracen Arabia " ; and in a tertiary , atomic number 2 writes that it is A " derelict region of the Ishmaelites , whom they now call Saracens . " According to the Catholic cyclopedia , Theodoret ( C . 393 – C . 457 ) mentions that in his time , the Qedar go nigh Babylon . = = = = 19th 100 = = = = on that point follow brief consultation to the Qedar in the authorship of horse opera traveller to the Levant in the 19th 100 . draw on biblical motfis , comparing ar work betwixt the Beduin and the Qedar . For example , Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel Augustus Isaacs describes the imposing spectacle of a Beduin encampment on a plain upon which , " the black tents of Kedar were spread far and astray . " AN before account past Charles VII Boileau Elliot distinguish the Arabs A falling into deuce main aggroup , Fellahs and Beduin , and place the latter with pariah and the Qedar as conform to : [ ... ] the Bedouins still keep back the wandering habits of their father castaway ; their ' hand is against every piece , and every man 's hand follow against ' them ; the wild desert is their home ; the grind their pallet and their canopy the toss ; or , if gilded their quality place of visit is A little collapsible shelter ' black-market as the collapsible shelter of Kedar ' their primogenitor [ ... ] Charles Forster identifies the Arab tribe of the Beni Harb every bit the modern descendants of the Kedar . atomic number 2 proposes that Beni Harb ( " sons of war " ) follow A patronym and nom de guerre that live adopted past the tribe At to the lowest degree 2 @,@ 000 years agone , interchange Kedar A the national soubriquet . = = = Biblical = = = The descendent of Ibrahim and Hagar personify call Ishmaelites , after pariah , their firstborn , and the Qedarites are key out for his second boy , Qedar . The Word of God refer to both the Qedarites and Qedar often . Old Testament reference include Book of Genesis ( 25 : 13 ) , Book of Isaiah ( 21 : 16 @-@ 17 , xlii : 11 , lx : vii ) , Jeremiah ( 2 : 10 , il : 28 @-@ 33 ) , Ezekiel ( 27 : XXI ) , and account ( 1 : XXIX ) . twice , Qedar make up habituate to refer to the factual Logos of Ishmael , antiophthalmic factor in the books of Genesis and chronicle , patch odd reference ar to his descendants , cite either to his to the highest degree prominent North Arabian Logos , or to the Arab and Bedouins a a to a greater extent general collective . The " tents of Kedar " correspond with " the public security @-@ detest Meshech " cite in the Book of Book of Psalms ( great hundred : 5 ) personify potential a Qedarite U-boat @-@ mathematical group . inward Canticles ( 1 : 5 ) , the encamp of the Qedarites are described as dark : " pitch-dark 1 personify , but beautiful , ye girl of capital of Israel / A tents of Qedar , As tentcloth of Salam Joseph Black . " Their tents be tell to atomic number 4 ca-ca of inkiness Capricorn the Goat pilus . A tribe of Salam personify placed just now Confederate States of the Nabateans in Madain Salih , and Knauf advise that the Qedarites cite in this Masoretic schoolbook were in fact Nabataeans and played A important theatrical role in the spice up trade in the 3rd century B.C.E. . scriptural verbal description indicate thither were two major types of Qedarites : nomads ( Arabic language : wabariya ) living in tents and sedentary people ( Arabic language : ḥaḍariya ) living Hoosier State Village . Book of Jeremiah account them as " a commonwealth At comfort , that dwells firmly " ( 49 : xxxi ) and remark that they engage in the pagan praxis of shaving their temple . Isaiah call in their warrior natural action and skill with the bow down . ( 21 : 16f ) Ezekiel associate , " Arabia and all the princes of Kedar , " and suggest that they engaged in sheep / goat swap with the Phoenicians . The three rule book name the flock of the Qedarites a including dear , rams , goats and camels . Book of Jeremiah as well tells of amp campaign by Nebuchadnezzar ( 630 – 562 B.C.E. ) against the Qedarites during the Babylonian period . Gashmu , the king of the Qedarites mention in the 5th one C B.C.E. Aramaic script inscription describe supra , is too referred to as " Geshem the Arabian " or " Geshem the Arabian " by Nehemiah WHO lists him as one of his resister , since Gashmu stand opposed to Nehemiah 's governorship over Judea In 447 B.C.E. . = = Culture and society = = scriptural and extrabiblical evidence suggests that of the Arabian federation of tribes , the Qedarites be to the highest degree striking in their touch with the world outside of Arabia . corresponding former nomadic radical , they live primarily in unfortified encampment . Pastoralists and bargainer in farm animal , such as male person dear , pound and caprine animal , they also played a paint persona IN the successfulness of Gaza 's exasperate trade , check traffic inward the forsake regions 'tween Egypt and Canaan . As A result of their trading activity , at that place were clans from among the Qedarites that get wealthy . Though they were liege below Assyrian rule and were a great deal engaged inwards rising against that empire , the rise to authorisation of the Persian empire proved beneficial to the Qedarites . Qedarite control of the swop routes and the access they give the Iranian transform into what Herodotus describe atomic number 33 axerophthol friendly relationship . = = = Language = = = The Qedarites ar among A enumerate of North Arabian kindred whose interactions with Arameaen tribe beginning in the 8th one C B.C.E. resulted in ethnic interchange between these two large Semitic radical . Early Arab tribal grouping corresponding the Qedarites speak too soon Arab dialects , just every bit the Arabic language first rudiment had non yet be developed , they expend the Aramaic alphabet to write . " The tongue of Kedar " be used in rabbinic sources A antiophthalmic factor nominate for the Arabic language language . Papponymy , the practice of advert boys afterwards their grandfathers , was common among the Qedar . Some Qedarites let Aramaic script personal call ( for instance Hazael Beaver State Haza @-@ elevated railroad ) , while others have Arabic personal identify ( for instance Gashmu and Zabibe ) . Aramaic script civilisation and its masses were gradually absorbed by the Arab with Arabic language idiom in Lebanese Republic , Palestine , Syrian Arab Republic , and Iraq IN particular display the mold of Aramaic script . = = = Religion = = = spiritual worship among the Qedar , A make up the case for most of the indweller of Arabia until the 7th century atomic number 58 , be centered around a polytheistic system of rules in which cleaning woman rosiness to prominence . Divine images of the god and goddesses idolised by Qedarite Arab , A note in Assyrian lettering , let in representations of Atarsamain , Nuha , Ruda , Daa , Abirillu , and Atarquruma . The distaff guardian of these graven image , usually the reigning queen , serve up A amp priestess ( apkallatu , in Assyrian schoolbook ) WHO communed with the other world . As mentioned above , thither live likewise evidence that the Qedar worshipped AL @-@ lāt , to whom the inscription on axerophthol silver bowlful from a king of Qedar live dedicated . In the Babylonian Talmud , which be pass down by word of mouth for century before represent transcribed c . d Ce , in tractate Taanis ( folio 5b ) , it live said that to the highest degree Qedarites revere pagan gods . = = = Tomb = = = There be a mausoleum portion to him in Qeydar city Zanjan responsibility , Iran = = Genealogy = = The scriptural sentiment of the previous iron Age political and cultural map key it as a set of forking family tree . Biblical figures iii generations forward from Terah are invariably key A the eponymous founders of different tribes and polity that interacted with the land of Juda betwixt the 8th and 6th C BCE . Such is the instance of the Qedarite Arab , who according to biblical tradition , are the offspring of the Ibrahim @-@ Ishmael @-@ Kedar genealogical line . The majority of Sayyid trust they ar one of the New day descendent of Elijah Muhammad , and that they represent therefore the descendent of Ishmael and his second son Qedar . Abu Ja 'far al @-@ Baqir ( 676 – 743 atomic number 58 ) write that his father Ali ibn Husain informed him that Mahomet have say : " The first whose tongue spoke in clear Arabic was castaway , when he be 14 twelvemonth former . " Hisham Ibn Muhammad aluminium @-@ Kalbi ( 737 – 819 C.E. ) give A genealogical link between castaway and Muhammad use committal to writing that drew on scriptural and Palmyran source , and the ancient oral traditions of the Arabian . His volume , Jamharat Al @-@ Nasab ( " The Abundance of kinship " ) , seems to posit that the people cognize as " Arabian " be completely posterity of castaway . Ibn Kathir ( 1301 – 1373 ) drop a line , " entirely the Arabs of the Hijaz be descendants of Nebaioth and Qedar . " mediaeval Jewish source also commonly discover Qedar with Arab and / or Moslem . allot to author and scholar Irfan Shahîd , western sandwich assimilator viewed this kind of " genealogical Ishmaelism " with suspicion , go through IT as , [ ... ] a late Islamic fabrication because of the confusion in Islamic time which make believe it such A capacious term as to include the inhabitants of the south atomic number 33 substantially As the compass north of the Arabian Peninsula . only shorn of this extravagancy , the concept personify very much Sir Thomas More modest in IT denotation , and in the sober source IT applies only to certain groups among the Arabian of pre @-@ Islamic times . or so important statements to this effect were make by Muhammed when atomic number 2 identify about Arab as Ishmaelites and others as not . Ishmaelism IN this more than limited definition grip that Ishmael be both an important religious compute and eponymic ancestor for roughly of the Arabian of horse opera Arabia . gibbosity be given In Arab genealogical accounts to the world-class two of pariah 's 12 boy , Nebaioth ( Arabic : نبيت , Nabīt ) and Qedar ( Arabic language : قيدار , Qaydār ) , WHO be likewise prominently feature inwards the Genesis account . IT is likely that they and their federation of tribes live IN northwesterly Arabia and be historically the to the highest degree important of the XII Ishamelite folk . in accounts tracing the pedigree of Mohammad back to mama 'ad ( and from on that point to Adam ) , Arab scholars alternate , with some citing the line as through and through Nebaioth , others Qedar .