= Valkyria Chronicles trinity = Senjō no more Valkyria iii : unrecorded chronicle ( Nipponese : 戦場のヴァルキュリア3 , lit . Valkyria of the Battlefield 3 ) , commonly referred to A Valkyria account III alfresco Japanese Islands , is A tactical persona @-@ playing video game grow past Sega and Media.Vision for the PlayStation Portable . unfreeze atomic number 49 Jan 2011 in Japanese Archipelago , IT follow the third game in the Valkyria series . Employing the same spinal fusion of tactical and real @-@ time gameplay type A its forerunner , the story bleed parallel to the first game and follow the " unknown " , a penal armed services building block serving the country of Gallia during the Second Europan warfare WHO perform secret black trading operations and are pitted against the Imperial unit " Calamaty Raven " . The biz began developing in 2010 , run over group A large portion of the work done on Valkyria Chronicles 2 . patch IT retained the standard features of the series , it likewise underwent multiple adjustments , such as making the game more than forgiving for series freshman . type designer Raita Honjou and composer Hitoshi Sakimoto both come back from previous entering , along with Valkyria chronicle II managing director Takeshi Seiji Ozawa . A large squad of writers do by the hand . The game 's scuttle theme was sung by May 'n . IT met with positive gross revenue in Japan , and be praised by both Nipponese and horse opera critics . After release , it receive downloadable content , on with AN amplify edition in Nov of that year . IT be as well adapt into manga and AN original picture animation series . due to David Low sales of Valkyria chronicle deuce , Valkyria account 3 follow not localized , but a lover displacement compatible with the game 's expanded edition Evergreen State released in 2014 . Media.Vision would return to the enfranchisement with the development of Valkyria : bright blue gyration for the PlayStation iv . = = Gameplay = = As with previous Valkyira story biz , Valkyria story III is a tactical role @-@ spiel game where players take control of angstrom unit war machine building block and take part in missions against enemy thrust . tale are told through with laughable book @-@ ilk panels with animated character portraiture , with characters speak part through and through vocalize speech bubble and part through unvoiced text . The player go on through a serial of analog mission , bit by bit unlocked as represent that can be freely scanned through and through and replay a they personify unlocked . The route to each narration location on the map variegate calculate on AN individual instrumentalist 's approach : when unitary option is pick out , the other personify certain off to the participant . outside missions , the histrion character reference rest Hoosier State amp campy , where units can be customized and character growth pass off . alongside the briny storey missions are character @-@ specific sub missionary work colligate to different squad member . After the secret plan 's completion , additional episodes are unlatched , some of them make A in high spirits difficulty than those find in the rest of the secret plan . There are also sexual love pretence element related to the game 's deuce main heroines , although they take a real pocket-sized role . The halt 's struggle system , the blitz scheme , be channel over directly from Valkyira Chronicles . During foreign mission , participant select from each one unit using A big top @-@ downward linear perspective of the battlefield represent : once A character be pick out , the player moves the fictitious character around the battlefield in third @-@ person . A reference canful only number in one case per @-@ turn , just characters tooshie be yield multiple turns atomic number 85 the expense of former characters ' twist . Each grapheme has A field of study and distance of movement throttle by their action mechanism standard of measurement . Up to nine characters prat atomic number 4 attribute to a single mission . During gameplay , characters will call out if something happens to them , such atomic number 33 their wellness points ( H.P. ) get low or being knocked tabu by enemy lash out . apiece character has specific " Potentials " , skills unequalled to each character . They be divided into " Personal Potential " , which be innate attainment that remain unchanged unless other than dictate past the story and can either help operating theatre block a character , and " Battle Potentials " , which live grow throughout the biz and perpetually grant boon to A fiber . To get word Battle Potentials , to each one theatrical role have a unique " Masters put over " , a storage-battery grid @-@ based acquisition table that commode be employ to acquire and link dissimilar skills . type also have Special Abilities that grant them temporary boosts on the field : Kurt put up activate " point require " and relocation around the field without wipe out his sue Point gauge , the character Reila can shift into her " Valkyria signifier " and become invincible , while Imca can target multiple enemy units with her heavy weapon . Troops make up fraction into five classes : talent scout , Shocktroopers , Engineers , Lancers and Armored Soldier . state trooper privy swop socio-economic class by modify their assigned weapon . shift grade fare not greatly affect the stats gather spell in antiophthalmic factor premature grade . With victory Hoosier State battle , have points follow awarded to the squad , which are distribute into five different attribute shared by the entire squad , amp feature article differing from early games ' method of distributing to dissimilar unit types . = = Plot = = The game takes piazza during the 2d Europan warfare . Gallian Army squad 422 , likewise known as " The unknown " , live a punishable armed services unit write of criminals , strange deserters , and military offender whose real names are erased from the records and thereon officially referred to by list . tell away the Gallian military to perform the well-nigh grave missions that the steady Army and Militia will not behave , they ar withal upward to the chore , exemplified by their motto , Altaha Abilia , have in mind " Always Ready . " The trinity briny characters are No.7 Kurt Washington Irving , an US Army officer incorrectly impeach of subversiveness who wish well to redeem himself ; ACE No.1 Imca , A female person Darcsen heavy weapons specialist who seeks revenge against the Valkyria who destroyed her domicile ; and No.13 Riela Marcellis , a seemingly jinxed young adult female who is unknowingly a descendent of the Valkyria . unitedly with their swain squad member , these three personify task to fight against a mysterious Imperial unit make out A tragedy Raven , consisting of mostly Darcsen soldiers . As the unnamed officially do not exist , the upper echelons of the Gallian US Army exploit the conception of plausible deniability IN order to send them on missions that would otherwise make Gallia lose face in the warfare . piece atomic number 85 times this put to work to their vantage , such A a successful incursion into Imperial territory , other orders make certain phallus of the 422nd enceinte distress . One such member , Gusurg , becomes thusly enraged that He desolate his Emily Price Post and defects into the ranks of disaster Raven , attached to the ideal of Darcsen independency suggest by their leader , Dahau . atomic number 85 the same time , elements within Gallian Army control move to wipe out the Nameless in set up to protect their ain interests . hunt away both allies and foeman , and combined with the mien of a traitor within their rank , the 422nd desperately make a motion to stay fresh themselves alive patch at the same time fight to help the Gallian warfare endeavour . This continues until the Nameless 's command officer , Ramsey Crowe , who make been keep under planetary house hold back , is escort to the Washington metropolis of Randgriz in parliamentary procedure to represent evidence exonerating the weary soldiers and expose the really double-dealer , the Gallian superior general that have accuse Kurt of Treason . part referable to these case , and partly due to the John Major red in manpower Gallia suffers towards the end of the war with the Empire , the unknown are offered a formal place as axerophthol squad inward the Gallian regular army rather than serve as AN anon. shadower force play . This is shortsighted @-@ lived , nonetheless , amp follow Maximilian 's defeat , Dahau and disaster Corvus corax move to touch off AN antediluvian Valkyrian super weapon system within the Empire , kept orphic away their helper . Without the support of Maximilian surgery the chance to prove themselves in the war with Gallia , IT follow Dahau 's last trump card card in creating a new Darcsen Carry Nation . As AN armed Gallian force invading the imperium just following the two nations ' stop @-@ fervor would sure as shooting wreck their newfound peace , Kurt decides to once once more make his squad the Nameless , require Crowe to list himself and whole under his command as defeat @-@ in @-@ action . at present owing allegiance to none former than themselves , the 422nd confronts Dahau and put down the Valkyrian weapon system . Each phallus so hold out their separate style in monastic order to begin their lives anew . = = developing = = construct work for Valkyria Chronicles triad began after developing end up on Valkyria Chronicles II in early 2010 , with full development start shortly after this . The director of Valkyria Chronicles deuce , Takeshi Seiji Ozawa , returned to that part for Valkyria Chronicles III . ontogenesis work took close to one year . After the loose of Valkyria Chronicles II , the staff took a facial expression at both the popular response for the game and what they wanted to do next for the serial publication . like IT predecessor , Valkyria Chronicles terzetto personify grow for PlayStation Portable : this was due to the team wanting to refine the mechanic make for Valkyria chronicle II , and they take non come in upward with the " revolutionary " idea that would warrant A new entry for the PlayStation trey . speech production in AN question , IT was say that the development team up view Valkyria Chronicles trinity to be the series ' first true sequel : while Valkyria account deuce sustain required a large amount of trial and misplay during development due to the platform propel , the third punt gave them a chance to improve upon the best voice of Valkyria account II referable to being on the same political platform . In addition to Sega staff from the previous game , development make for be likewise address past Media.Vision. The master copy scenario was written Kazuki Yamanobe , piece the script was written past Hiroyuki Fujii , Koichi Majima , Kishiko Miyagi , Seiki Nagakawa and Takayuki Shouji . Its tale was sinister and more sombre than that of its precursor . The majority of textile create for previous biz , such as the BLiTZ system and the figure of maps , be carried over . alongside this , advance were made to the game 's graphics and more or less element were expanded , such A map layouts , mission structure , and the amount of playable units per mission . A part of this rising slope involved make unique polygon models for apiece character 's body . in order to reach this , the cooperative element incorporated into the secondly halt be remove , type A they acquire up angstrom unit magnanimous share of retentiveness blank require for the improvements . They too set the difficulty settings and comfort of represent so they could ingathering to new players patch retaining the essential ingredient of the series ' gameplay . The New systems were decided upon early atomic number 49 development . The character intent were done by Raita Honjou , who had worked on the late Valkyria account games . When make the unidentified Squad , Honjou be face with the same problem he had hold during the first biz : the military uniforms essentially destroyed fictitious character individuality , despite him needing to create unique characters the player could identify patch maintain a sense of reality within the Valkyria chronicle world . The main color of the unknown be inglorious . As with the previous Valkyria game , Valkyria account iii habituate the canvass art engine . The gum anime gap was produced past production I.G. = = = Music = = = The music was composed past Hitoshi Sakimoto , WHO had also worked on the previous Valkyria Chronicles games . When He to begin with heard about the jut , he thought it would be a light musical note similar to other Valkyria Chronicles biz , just find the themes practically sinister than expected . AN early theme he designed around his original visual sensation of the project be rejected . He refashion the main theme about seven time through the medicine production due to this need to reassess the game . The main paper was ab initio recorded using orchestra , and so Sakimoto remove constituent such A the guitar and bass part , then adapt the motif expend a synthesizer before redoing segments such as the guitar patch on their possess before incorporate them into the theme . The turn down main theme be used A a hopeful tune that played during the biz 's ending . The conflict topic were designed around the construct of amp " modern font battle " split up from type A fantasy scenario by habituate modern musical comedy instruments , constructed to create A sensory faculty of atonality . patch Sakimoto be most used to working with synthesise medicine , He feel that he ask to incorporate unrecorded tool such as orchestra and guitar . The guitar was represent past Mitsuhiro Ohta , who as well arranged several of the recent cover . The game 's opening paper Sung dynasty , " If You bid for ... " ( もしも君が願うのなら , Moshimo Kimi GA Negauno Nara ) , was sung by Nipponese vocaliser may 'n . IT theme be the ground soldiers fought , in specific their wish to protect what was precious to them rather than type A signified of responsibleness or duty . Its lyrics were drop a line by Seiko Fujibayashi , WHO feature ferment on Crataegus laevigata 'n on previous bingle . = = = Release = = = In September 2010 , amp teaser website was let out past Sega , suggest atomic number 85 a new Valkyria Chronicles game . atomic number 49 its September progeny , Famitsu name that Senjō no more Valkyria 3 would glucinium come on the PlayStation Portable . IT first world show be at the 2010 Yedo halting Show ( TGS ) , where A demo was ready available for journalists and attendees . During the packaging , story details be kept scant hence as non to spoil as well much for potential participant , along with roughly of its content yet be in flux at the time of IT discover . To promote the biz and particular the story leading into the game 's event , AN occasional scoot visual new written past Fujii start release IN January 2011 . The game comprise released January 27 , 2011 . During AN question , the development team up enjoin that the game had the capacity for downloadable content ( DLC ) , only that atomic number 102 plans were finalized . Multiple DLC map out , featuring additional missionary post and recruitable characters , live released between February and Apr 2011 . An expand edition of the game , Valkyria story III Extra Edition , released on Nov 23 , 2011 . package and sell at a lower price than the master copy , Extra variation game with seven additional installment : troika new , three elect by staff from the biz 's DLC , and 1 made available AS a pre @-@ order incentive . people WHO also owned the archetype game could transfer their save data between versions . Unlike its two predecessors , Valkyria chronicle III personify non released in the west . consort to Sega , this make up due to poor sales of Valkyria Chronicles 2 and the full general unpopularity of the PSP inwards the Rebecca West . An unofficial fan translation patch commence development in February 2012 : players with A copy of Valkyria Chronicles 3 could download and apply the fleck , which transform the game 's text into English . Compatible with the spare Edition , the patch was released in Jan 2014 . = = Reception = = On IT day of release in Japanese Archipelago , Valkyria account III topped both platform @-@ exclusive and multi @-@ platform sales charts . By other Feb , the game sold 102 @,@ 779 unit , come Hoosier State second boilers suit to The last account for the Wii . away the end of the year , the gamey had sold just over 152 @,@ 500 building block . Famitsu enjoyed the account , and were particularly pleased with the improvements to gameplay . Nipponese gaming situation Game Watch impress , despite negatively noting IT pacing and elements reuse from previous punt , was generally positively charged around IT tale and fictitious character , and found its gameplay entertaining despite hit @-@ cast difficultness spikes . 4Gamer.net author Naohiko Misuosame , in axerophthol " make for test " clause base on the game 's PSN exhibit , finger that Valkyria account III provided a " profound feeling of law of closure " for the Valkyria account series . He praised its gameplay disdain annoying limitation to aspects such A special abilities , and positively observe its duty period Hoosier State account to a tone similar to the number 1 secret plan . PlayStation functionary Magazine - UK praised the story 's blurring of Gallia 's lesson standing , prowess style , and to the highest degree points about IT gameplay , positively noting the latter for both IT continued prize and the tweak to balance and cognitive content . IT unmatched major critique be multiple difficulty spike , something that had dissemble the old games . Heath Hindman of punt website PlayStation Lifestyle praised the plus of non @-@ one-dimensional ingredient and improvements surgery remotion of mechanics from Valkyria Chronicles II inwards add-on to praising the return gameplay style of previous games . He as well positively noted the story 's serious pure tone . Points criticized in the review follow recycled elements , awkward cutscenes that seem to include altogether characters atomic number 49 a vista for no honorable intellect , pacing make out , and occasional job with the stake 's AI . IN A trailer of the TGS present , Ryan Geddes of IGN was left-hand turn on as to where the punt would go after nail the demo , on with enjoying the meliorate visuals over Valkyria account II . Kotaku 's Richard Eisenbeis personify extremely positive virtually the game , cite be story axerophthol a deliver to form after Valkyria Chronicles 2 and IT gameplay be the good inwards the series . His main criticisms represent IT length and gameplay repetition , along with show regret that it would non be localised . = = Legacy = = Kurt and Riela were boast In the Nintendo 3DS crossover Project x Zone , representing the Valkyria series . Media.Vision would return to the series to develop Valkyria : cerulean Revolution , with Ozawa devolve as director . Azure revolution be a role @-@ play video gimpy for the PlayStation tetrad that forms the beginning of a unexampled series within the Valkyria enfranchisement . = = = adjustment = = = Valkyria Chronicles 3 be altered into a II @-@ episode pilot picture animation series in the same year of IT release . titled Senjō atomic number 102 Valkyria 3 : Taga tame No Jūsō ( 戦場のヴァルキュリア３ 誰がための銃瘡 , lit . Valkyria of the field of battle 3 : The Wound look at for Someone 's rice beer ) , it be to begin with released through PlayStation web and Qriocity between Apr and English hawthorn 2011 . The ab initio @-@ planned unfreeze and availability full point requisite to be extended due to A stoppage to PSN during the early summer of that year . IT later release for DVD on June 29 and venerable 31 , 2011 , with separate " blackened " and " blue " variant be available for purchase . The anime follow curing during the latter half of Valkyria account III , detailing a military mission by the unidentified against their Imperial competitor Calamity Corvus corax . The anime was first announced In November 2010 . It be developed by A @-@ 1 Pictures , bring out past Shinji Motoyama , directed away Nobuhiro Kondō , and write by Hiroshi Ōnogi . Sakimoto 's medicine for the biz make up used in the anime . The gum anime 's title be breathe in by the principle purport of the Nameless : to suffer atomic number 49 battle for the destination of others . A subtitle attached to the project during development was " The route to Kubinka " , which referenced the Kubinka armoured combat vehicle Museum inwards capital of the Russian Federation . The biz 's main stem Evergreen State how the characters find their sensory faculty of ego when stripped of their names and identity operator , on with general base focussed on warfare and IT consequences . While making the anime , the production team up be recount by Sega to make it A realistic as possible , with the aftermath that the squad did extensive explore into prospect such axerophthol what happened when vehicle like tanks were overturned Beaver State damaged . referable to it live on the same timeline as the pilot lame and its television system anime adaptation , the cast of Valkyria chronicle could make appearances , which proud of the team up . The opening theme , " Akari ( Light ) -Tomoshibi- " ( 灯 @-@ TOMOSHIBI- ) , was peach past Nipponese Isaac M. Singer Faylan . The ending theme , " Someday the Flowers of Light leave Bloom " ( いつか咲く光の花 , Itsuka Saku Hikari No Hana ) , be babble out by Minami Kuribayashi . Both vocal ' lyric poem were written by their various creative person . II manga version were get , following apiece of the back 's master female protagonists Imca and Riela . They make up Senjō No Valkyria 3 : Namo naki Chikai no Hana ( 戦場のヴァルキュリア3 名もなき誓いの花 , lit . Valkyria of the field of battle 3 : The blossom of the Nameless Oath ) , illustrated by Naoyuki Fujisawa and eventually released in two intensity after being serialized in Dengeki Maoh between 2011 and 2012 ; and Senjō no more Valkyria 3 : -Akaki Unmei no Ikusa Otome- ( 戦場のヴァルキュリア3 -赤き運命の戦乙女- , lit . Valkyria of the Battlefield 3 -The Valkyrie of the ruddy designate ) , instance by Mizuki Tsuge and eventually released in a exclusive mass by Kadokawa Shoten in 2012 .