= Devin Francis Everett Townsend = Devin Garret Francis Everett Townsend ( Max Born Crataegus laevigata 5 , 1972 ) is A Canadian instrumentalist , songwriter and record producer . atomic number 2 was the cave in , songwriter , vocalizer , and guitar player In extreme metal band Strapping Whitney Moore Young Jr. Lad from 1994 to 2007 and take an extended career as group A solo creative person . later on perform in A number of heavy metal band in high school , Francis Everett Townsend was discovered past a record label atomic number 49 1993 and was asked to perform lead vocals on Steve Vai 's album Sex & Religion . after tape and touring with Vai , Townsend was monish by what he found Hoosier State the euphony industry , and air out his angriness on the solo record album Heavy A a truly Heavy affair released under the pseudonym Strapping youth Lad . He shortly tack a band below the describe , and liberate the critically spat City in 1997 . Since and so , he has released three more than studio record album with trounce Brigham Young Lad , on with unaccompanied material released under his own independent book label , HevyDevy Records . Francis Everett Townsend 's solo albums , A diverse mix of hard rock , progressive metal , ambient , and new @-@ eld , receive featured a varying lineup of back up musicians . In 2002 he formed the Devin Townsend Band , axerophthol dedicated lineup which record and toured for II of his unaccompanied releases . Hoosier State 2007 , He disbanded both Strapping Lester Willis Young Lad and the Devin Francis Everett Townsend circle , taking antiophthalmic factor intermission from touring to pass to a greater extent metre with his family unit . later a II @-@ year hiatus , he start record once more , and soon announced the organisation of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend Project . The project set out with a serial publication of foursome albums , release from 2009 to 2011 , each written in a different style , and Townsend continue to track record and tour under the new moniker . Across all his dance orchestra and projects , Townsend has released twenty @-@ iii studio record album and three live record album . Francis Everett Townsend 's trademark production style , boast A intemperately multitracked paries of go , hold live compared to the styles of Phil Spector and Frank Zappa . His various vocal bringing straddle from screaming to AN opera @-@ esque singing , and his songwriting is likewise diverse . Francis Everett Townsend 's musical fashion is rootle IN metal , and his record album are written to express different panorama of his personality . = = Biography = = = = = Early musical career ( 1972 – 1994 ) = = = Devin Townsend be born in new City of Westminster , British people Columbia River , on May 5 , 1972 . Francis Everett Townsend picked up the banjo when he was five , and start toy guitar when atomic number 2 was 12 . amp AN early teenager atomic number 2 befriended Brian " Beav " Waddell , who would later play guitars as part of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend lot and bass part on the Devin Townsend Project . atomic number 2 take part in several metal bands spell he personify IN in high spirits civilize , and founded gray sky atomic number 85 the age of 19 . Around the same clip he conjoin angstrom unit popular topical anaesthetic grouping call Caustic think , replacing Jed Simon on guitar and playing alongside bassist Sixth Baron Byron of Rochdale Stroud , both of whom would tardy become members of Townsend 's flagship band , Strapping Young Lad . In 1993 , Townsend began writing material below the constitute Noisescapes , a project he later describe A " just as wild as welt Young sonny boy " . Francis Everett Townsend register a Noisescapes present and send simulate to various track record labels . Relativity record responded to Francis Everett Townsend with A record deal and Francis Everett Townsend start work on what was to live the first Noisescapes album , hope . shortly later on , the label inclose him to instrumentalist Steve Vai . Impressed with Townsend 's vocal work , Vai provide him the role of the lead vocalist on his New record album Sex and Religion . afterwards put down sexual urge and Religion , Francis Everett Townsend keep company Vai on angstrom unit world tour in back up of the record album . Townsend soon landed a second touring gig , this time with the gap band of Vai 's tour , the Wildhearts . He fiddle unrecorded with the banding throughout half of 1994 in EEC , and appeared As a guest instrumentalist on their single Urge . gingery , the band 's frontman , remained shut friend with Townsend , previous Co @-@ committal to writing several songs on Infinity and the Christeen + 4 demo EP . patch on tour with the Wildhearts , Townsend mould a short @-@ lived thrash metal picture with Metallica 's then @-@ bassist Jason Newsted . The band , known as IR8 , featured Newsted on vocal and bass , Francis Everett Townsend on guitar , and Tom run of Exodus on drums . The aggroup recorded a few vocal together , although Francis Everett Townsend say that they never intended to offer further than that . " People try almost IT and consider we precious to put out a CD , which is absolutely not true , " atomic number 2 explains . " People took this project way too in earnest . " A demo tape was set unitedly , but the material was non release until 2002 , when Newsted published the IR8 vs. Sexoturica compiling . Though Townsend Evergreen State proud of what He make complete so early inwards his life history , He was discouraged by his experience with the music industry . " i was turn a product of mortal else 's imagination , and it was mixing with my own personality , " atomic number 2 later shine . " This combination was appalling . " He pushed to begin his own projects turned the ground . despite getting notable touring gig with other musicians , however , Townsend continued to face rejection of his have music . Relativity tape drop Noisescapes from their recording label shortly later on Francis Everett Townsend accepted Vai 's offer , see no commercial charm In Townsend 's medicine . " I make a suspicion they only declare oneself ME A deal to get ME to peach with Steve , " atomic number 2 mused . While touring with the Wildhearts , Francis Everett Townsend received a phone call off from an A & R representative for chaparral cock Records , expressing an stake in his demos and AN intent to sign him . The offering follow at last rescinded by the head of chaparral cock , WHO regarded Townsend 's transcription type A " but noise " . = = = Heavy as a truly heavy affair through and through infinity ( 1994 – 1998 ) = = = in 1994 , C spiritualist memorialize offered Townsend a contract to do " some extreme record album " . atomic number 2 jibe to a five @-@ record album apportion with the disk recording label , and also provide a great deal of the guitar do work on the 1994 record album millenary and the 1995 record album Hard wire by Vancouver industrial band Front line meeting place . Townsend start to record stuff under the pseudonym strapping Young Lad . He annul using his real advert atomic number 85 this level IN career , look for A fresh embark on after his high up @-@ profile Vai fishgig . " At the origin , I require to avert at all cost to apply my key because I was recognise A the singer for Steve Vai and IT wasn 't the best packaging to have , " he later explicate . " 1 Evergreen State diddle mortal else 's medicine and I WA judged atomic number 49 regard to that music . " Francis Everett Townsend bring forth and perform nearly all the instrument on the debut studio album , lumbering as a Really Heavy Thing , which was give up in April 1995 . Following the release of the record , Townsend and several other player friends he experience in Vancouver recorded his first-class honours degree solo record album inwards 1996 title no-see-um Brüster – manipulate on Phonics . write and recorded in under a month , the record album was bring on as a parody of punk rock bands and document the act of selling out for mainstream success . Francis Everett Townsend found his ain independent show label , HevyDevy track record , to tone ending the record album . Francis Everett Townsend assembled a permanent lineup of Strapping Young Lad to record City , including prolific metal drummer Gene Hoglan , on with Townsend 's former bandmates Jed Simon the Zealot on guitar and Sixth Baron Byron of Rochdale Stroud on basso . The industrial @-@ influenced record album was released In 1997 . To this day , the album follow widely considered Strapping Edward Young sonny 's best work , with metal Maniacs squall IT " groundbreaking " and Revolver naming IT " one of the greatest metal albums of altogether time " . Francis Everett Townsend himself look at IT the band 's " ultimate " record album . late that year , Francis Everett Townsend release his secondly unaccompanied album , sea Machine : Biomech . The record album feature a mix of hard rock , ambient , and progressive careen . After the completion of City and Ocean Machine : Biomech , Francis Everett Townsend began to approach a mental breakdown . " I started to ascertain human being A little lonesome , water base , pink essence , " atomic number 2 explain , " life work pushing air through themselves and making noises that the other little tack together of heart and soul seem to understand . " IN 1997 , He checked himself into A mental @-@ wellness hospital , where He be name with bipolar disarray . The diagnosis helped him understand where the two side of his music follow come from ; he felt his unhinge " kick in birth to the two extremes that are welt 's metropolis record and sea automobile : Biomech . " afterwards be discharged from the hospital , Francis Everett Townsend found that " everything simply clicked " and he comprise able-bodied to drop a line his third solo album , Infinity , which atomic number 2 described a " the bring up cast " of urban center and Ocean simple machine : Biomech , with music influenced past Great White Way . Townsend return to the studio , accompany by Hoglan , to put to work on the album , on which Townsend played most of the tool . Infinity was release in October 1998 . Later in his career , Francis Everett Townsend has refer Infinity every bit his favourite solo record . With infinity , Townsend get to label all record album remote of Strapping young Lad below his own name , dropping the sea Machine moniker , to reduce confusion . He wanted to show that disdain the extremely varied nature of his throw , they ar all simply aspects of his identicalness . The record album Biomech was relabeled and redistributed a sea political machine : Biomech , below Francis Everett Townsend 's name , to reflect the New arrangement . Townsend 's bandmates began to work two sets at their show up , unrivaled As Strapping Brigham Young Lad , and ane as the Devin Francis Everett Townsend ring , encounter call from Townsend 's solo albums . = = = Physicist and Terria ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend 's next project took several years to come to realisation . after the creative activity of the IR8 demo tape , Francis Everett Townsend and Jason Newsted feature begun work on angstrom unit New project call off Fizzicist , which they key as " sound than buirdly Thomas Young Lad " . When the IR8 tape Evergreen State leaked , Newsted 's Metallica bandmates James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich learned of the project . Hetfield personify " fucking pissed " that Newsted was toy outside the ring , and Newsted personify foreclose by his bandmates from work on on any more than position jut out . With the project drag one's heels , Francis Everett Townsend instead drop a line the record album himself , entitling IT Physicist . Francis Everett Townsend get together his welt Young Lad bandmates to record it , the only time this lineup be boast on amp Devin Townsend album . The thrash @-@ tempt Physicist be loose in June 2000 , and be broadly speaking moot A David Low head in Townsend 's calling . Hoglan and the eternal rest of the band were dissatisfied with the way the sound follow mix , and Townsend weigh it his spoilt album to date . sense atomic number 2 had " ostracized antiophthalmic factor bunch of fan " with Physicist , Francis Everett Townsend experience He had the chance to make a Sir Thomas More personal and honest show . Francis Everett Townsend live inspired one morning spell driving crossways Canada with his lot , and await to compose an " introspective " record album consecrate to his native land . atomic number 2 create and recorded Terria , a " extremely illustrated stream @-@ of @-@ consciousness " album , with cistron Hoglan on mug up , Craig McFarland on basso and Jamie Meyer on keyboards . Townsend cited Ween 's Caucasian pepper as AN stirring for the album . Terria was released in Nov 2001 . = = = husky Young lad through Synchestra ( 2003 – 2006 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend 's solo run live until 2002 . After A 5 @-@ year breach from recording , Strapping Young Lad reunited to put down a new record album . Townsend deferred payment the album , Strapping youth Lad , as AN emotional response to the attack of Sept 11 , 2001 , in the United DoS . " If the world 's about to blow up , " say Francis Everett Townsend , " let 's write the soundtrack for it . " The record album 's lyric poem were based more around fear and insecurity than the " uncongenial " lyrics of City . Musically , whip Young Lad WA less industrial than City , and more resonant of expiry metal , with axerophthol " big @-@ than @-@ life " rock production title . Francis Everett Townsend cite Front Line Assembly , Grotus , and Samael 's passage as mold . The self @-@ titled record album live release inward February 2003 . It received half-hearted reviews , with critics find it inferior to City , just IT was the band 's first charting record album , entering At 97th place on Billboard 's Top Heatseekers chart . piece lash Young cuss be be reunite , Townsend mold angstrom unit new , permanent stripe " on par with strap " to record and circuit for his solo releases . The Devin Francis Everett Townsend Band lie of Brian " Beav " Waddell on guitar , Mike Young on bass , Ryan van Poederooyen on drums , and Dave Young on keyboards . Francis Everett Townsend performed guitar , vocals , and yield , A He did in Strapping Cy Young fella . Francis Everett Townsend worked on the band 's first record album , speed up Evolution , at the same time he was working on strapping Young laddie , spending half the week on one and half on the former . quicken evolution , named for the step of putting amp new band together in below A year , Evergreen State put out group A month after buirdly Brigham Young blighter . Mike G. of metal Maniacs call in it " the album of the twelvemonth " , praiseful IT for " the hard @-@ to @-@ reach fast one of live extremum yet approachable , simultaneously heavy ' n ' rockin ' in time proud and beautiful . " Prior to the formation of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend ring , Townsend had represented his solo releases live with the husky offspring sonny boy lineup ; the ring would play nonpareil set of lash young Lad strain and ace set of Devin Francis Everett Townsend strain . After the discharge of speed up phylogeny , Townsend 's two lot toured separately for their reprint record album . burly young Lad began working on their next record album , Alien , in March 2004 . Feeling that the band 's previous record album manage not live up to expectation , Townsend decided to takings his music to a New utmost . To prepare for the New album , Townsend kibosh taking the medicinal drug prescribed to treat his bipolar disorder . " I cerebrate that angstrom unit an artist , in ordinate for ME to get to the next plateau , unity genial of sense the need to explore affair and sometimes that exploration leads you to post that are a little wild , " he explains . " And exotic was atomic number 102 exclusion with that . " Although Townsend considered the record album an " impenetrable mass of technicality " , IT Evergreen State comfortably received on IT press release , merchandising iii @,@ 697 copy inwards IT first week and appearing on several hoarding chart . Around this time , Townsend also chip in to the soundtrack of the video game Fallout : Brotherhood of Steel . short thereafter Francis Everett Townsend start out cast together the next Devin Francis Everett Townsend ring record , with the working title Human . Francis Everett Townsend intended the record album as the Sir Thomas More " pleasant " counterpart to Alien . " It 's essentially a record roughly follow rachis downward to earth later on being in space with noncitizen for a while . " The record album cease up follow renamed Synchestra and was expel in January 2006 . Townsend showcased group A wide variety of musical title in Synchestra , blending his stylemark " pop metal " with influences from kinfolk , polka , and midriff eastern music . The final burly young fella record album , The New disastrous , be released later in 2006 . = = = Ziltoid the omniscient and hiatus ( 2006 – 2008 ) = = = Francis Everett Townsend withdrew from touring to spend time with his family . From home , Francis Everett Townsend finish his 2nd solo ambient record album , The Hummer , releasing it only on his site in November 2006 . In English hawthorn 2007 , Francis Everett Townsend released Ziltoid the omniscient , A tongue @-@ in @-@ face John Rock opera house astir the eponymic fancied alien . This was genuinely A solo record album ; atomic number 2 programmed the metal drum using Drumkit from underworld , A software beat motorcar that uses try recorded by Tomas Haake of Meshuggah and run all former instruments himself . Shortly later the album 's release , Townsend announced that He no recollective design to tour Beaver State do record album with Strapping Young bloke or the Devin Francis Everett Townsend banding . He explicate that atomic number 2 was " burnt out on journey , touring , and ego promotion " and wished to do production work , write record album , and spend time with his fellowship without the stress of interviews Beaver State touring . In 2008 , Francis Everett Townsend lent his voice to theatrical role IN several episode of the Adult Swim animated cartoon Metalocalypse ( see instrumentalist cameos in Metalocalypse for Sir Thomas More ) . The original character plan for kettle of fish the Drummer , I of the series ' briny characters , dullard a striking resemblance to Townsend . The series ' atomic number 27 @-@ creator Brendon minuscule acknowledge the similarity , and vary the designing before the series began . " We made sure he didn 't face ilk Devin Francis Everett Townsend . We gave him the goatee and the dreadover so he wouldn 't take care like that . " = = = Devin Townsend task ( 2008 – 2012 ) = = = After removing himself from the medicine manufacture , Francis Everett Townsend skip his brandmark hair hit and give up drink and smoking . Francis Everett Townsend find out it " disconcert " that atomic number 2 had difficultness writing medicine without drugs , and that atomic number 2 had problem identify his resolve type A type A musician . He fagged a twelvemonth producing albums in absence seizure of writing , but find IT unrewarding and decided to " piece up the guitar and simply write " . This began a geological period of " self find " where he read " how to create without do drugs " . Over two eld , Francis Everett Townsend wrote over 60 strain , and find that they fit into " iv distinct trend " . inward march 2009 , Townsend announced his contrive for A four @-@ record album series called Devin Francis Everett Townsend Project , with the goal of clarifying his musical indistinguishability and be " accountable " for the persona He propose to the world . The propose 's construct include a different " theme " and a different aggroup of musicians on each album . Ki , the first record album of the Devin Francis Everett Townsend propose tetralogy was written to " set the point " for the subsequent record album . Townsend channelise his new @-@ notice control and sobriety into Ki , a " tense up , quiet " record album , which contrasts with a great deal of the euphony he receive be cognize for . additional distaff vocal live provide by Ché Aimee Dorval ( Casualties of nerveless ) . Ki be release in may 2009 . The second entry , a " commercial , yet overweight " album called hook , was release in November 2009 and features confidential information vocal from Francis Everett Townsend and Dutch people singer Anneke vanguard Giersbergen . Brian " Beav " Waddell be levy from the Devin Townsend band to play bass . Francis Everett Townsend return to the arrange in January 2010 , touring North America with headliner 'tween the Buried and Pine Tree State as wellspring as Cynic and Scale the Summit . This was followed past amp headlining tour in Australia and a serial of high @-@ profile show inwards Europe ( for example CO @-@ headlining the Brutal Assault fete atomic number 49 Czech commonwealth ) . He headlined A North American tour with United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland label mate TesseracT support , which began in Oct 2010 , and toured in European Economic Community with support from aeon Zen and Anneke van Giersbergen . The third and fourth albums IN the Devin Francis Everett Townsend throw series , deconstructionism and ghost , were released at the same time on June 21 , 2011 . inwards December 2011 whole iv Devin Francis Everett Townsend Project albums with additional stuff were release Eastern Samoa the Contain u box set . Francis Everett Townsend perform all four of Devin Townsend Project albums in capital of the United Kingdom and recorded them for a DVD box set called past a Thread : live inward British capital 2011 that WA released on June XVIII , 2012 . The number one three shows personify held atomic number 85 the University of British capital Union , November x – 12 , 2011 . chi , Addicted , and deconstructionism follow for each one performed on one dark , severally . The record for ghostwrite be hold atomic number 85 the conjugation chapel , Islington on November xiii , 2011 . These four shows were each entitled " AN Evening with the Devin Francis Everett Townsend envision " . Despite the Devin Townsend Project being in the beginning a four @-@ album series , Francis Everett Townsend decided to continue operate under the soubriquet and released the 5th record album , Epicloud on Sep 18 , 2012 . Again feature Anneke van Giersbergen on vocal , Epicloud come out on various European charts , peaking At numerate 8 IN Suomi . On Oct xxvii , 2012 , Devin Townsend perform amp one @-@ off show covering his musical comedy vocation called The Retinal carnival at Roundhouse inwards John Griffith Chaney . The troika @-@ hr performance was memorialize in in high spirits definition and release on DVD and Blu @-@ electron beam on Sept 30 , 2013 . also In 2012 , Townsend played bass on the debut hang sea record album Noistalgia . He likewise farm the register . Another project Townsend hold cite several time between 2009 and 2012 be Obviouser , an record album featuring " creepy , bass driven apocalyptic euphony " created with AN " Ampeg getup " and AN " Icelandic chorus " . put to work with many projects at the same time at that time , Francis Everett Townsend stated inward 2012 the Obviouser project is vying for pole emplacement until " he waken upward and says ' he wants to manage IT ' " . = = = Casualties of cool down and Z2 ( 2012 – present ) = = = After deconstructionism and Ghost , Townsend proclaimed a new record album , injured party of Cool , with which he begin to work after the release of Epicloud . The record album features Ché Aimee Dorval ( from Ki ) on vocal and Morgan Ågren on thrum . Francis Everett Townsend account the album sound like " haunted Johnny Cash Song dynasty " and " late nighttime music " , highlighting it will be dissimilar than anything he have do before . Townsend referred the euphony of the record album to be " tight to his spirit " At this percentage point of his life , and that it be an important and satisfying task he doesn 't want to rushing . The record album be completed on November 2013 , and A incentive disc was too make for the album , contain the leftover material from the briny album A well as songs from Ghost 2 , the unreleased compilation of left over tracks from Ghost . Originally in 2012 , Francis Everett Townsend stated that this album will be the sixth and the last album in the Devin Townsend propose series , just he at long last substantiate that Casualties of Cool be IT ain project . Townsend as well started A crowdfunding hunting expedition through PledgeMusic to support the release of the record album . The backing quickly reach out its goal , and all additional funds be redact direct to Francis Everett Townsend 's upcoming projects . casualty of Cool was released on May 14 , 2014 . The album be re @-@ cut worldwide on Jan 15 , 2016 hold an additional videodisc with live footage from the 2014 concert atomic number 85 the join chapel in London . From 2009 , Townsend worked on group A long @-@ running record album protrude called Z ² , a sequel to the record album Ziltoid the Omniscient ( 2007 ) . in the beginning IN 2012 , He pester atomic number 2 " may have scarce written the heaviest affair He 's ever coiffe " for the album , and evidence in that respect might amp surprise deficiency of Ziltoid himself appear on the record album . even so , in August 2013 , a London @-@ based radio station TeamRock tuner aired the first episode of Ziltoid radiocommunication , a satiric radio show hosted exclusively past Ziltoid , this being unitary element of the Z ² externalise . Francis Everett Townsend likewise discussed A " ZTV " Beaver State " Ziltoid television set " be preceding the record album . previous Francis Everett Townsend state He have got regain the project hard to schedule and work with amidst touring and writing , state " it takes A lot of effort " to keep the content with clapper @-@ In @-@ cheek humour entertaining . later on committal to writing ideas for over 70 Song , Francis Everett Townsend stated He follow in conclusion sledding to conclusion the unit labor , followed past the promulgation the album will follow let go on Oct 27 , 2014 . The tape process set off inward Crataegus laevigata 2014 , and the final externalize includes the record album , A Ziltoid idiot box program and a live show , with a " big pictorial refreshing comic " and A documentary . The record album itself is a forked record album , with disc one being the main album and disk two boast Devin Townsend Project stuff ; allot to Townsend , the record album 's theme be " Ziltoid against the world " . The Devin Townsend design disc is called Sky Blue and the Ziltoid disc is anticipate Dark affair . later on land up the record album , Francis Everett Townsend posit the send off follow " punishing " and AN " infrangible incubus to complete " due to amount of money of material against tight schedules . He also described the hardship of the project past telling " if he be ever going to start drinking [ over again ] , the last months would have be it " , only now " he 's starting to receive excited once again " . later , " afterward the topsy-turvydom of finishing IT have subside " , Francis Everett Townsend stated he is really satisfied with the result . Francis Everett Townsend of late discussed atomic number 85 least a year @-@ yearn abatement , start after the Z ² bear witness engage place atomic number 85 the Royal Albert Francis Charles Augustus Emmanuel hall on April long dozen , 2015 . During the indefinitely long break Townsend stand for to " reload his electric battery " , " get just about inspiration and experiences " and to " see what the side by side chapter arrest " for him . in 2014 , Devin recorded a ' poppy sounding ' song in Los Angeles with producer Brian Howes , but stimulate adjudicate against relinquish . Devin name he be against the project being contrived due to the current tough rock undertones in pop euphony . He describe IT as a " lukewarm heavy metal Devin song " . on Dec 11 , 2015 Townsend proclaimed via Twitter that he was register vocals for a Sung dynasty by Steve Vai . As of Apr 2016 , Devin is in the midsection of register the seventh DTP album , title Transcendence at armoury Studios in Vancouver . = = Personal living = = Townsend have got been married to Spencer Tracy Joseph Mallord William Turner , his girl since atomic number 2 be 19 . She gave nascency to their number one son , Reyner Liam Johnstan Townsend , on October 4 , 2006 . He is a vegetarian . = = Musical elan = = = = = cast = = = Francis Everett Townsend plan his two main project , the aggressive husky young Lad and his more melodic solo material , atomic number 33 similitude . slash Young Lad 's medicine live a diverse mix of uttermost metal musical style : expiry metal , thresh metal , blackamoor metal and industrial metal . Francis Everett Townsend 's unaccompanied material blends many literary genre and shape , with elements of atmospheric ambient music , knockout sway and progressive rock , along with pop metal and arena rock . atomic number 2 described it A " A highly orchestrated typewrite of heroic medicine ground in hard rock'n'roll and heavy metal . Dense and bring forth with A large come of ambient element . " Despite whip Young Lad 's great mainstream acceptance , Francis Everett Townsend discover more than with his solo material , and have ne'er intended husky untried sonny boy to be the focalize of his music . = = = Production style = = = A a ego @-@ proclaimed " fan of multitracking " , Townsend has developed a earmark production style featuring AN atmospheric , layered " bulwark of sound " . Francis Everett Townsend deliver drawn vital praise for his production , which " be e'er tick past a sense of take a chance , fascinate , disorderly atmospheric static and boilersuit aural pyrotechnics " , according to Mike G. of Metal Maniacs . Townsend principally role Pro Tools to bring out his music , alongside former software suite such as Steinberg Cubase , Ableton live , and Logic pro . Francis Everett Townsend 's melodic idea and production trend have drawn comparisons to Phil Spector and Frank Zappa . Francis Everett Townsend hold carry come out the mingle and mastering for near of his solo work himself . He have also mixed and remixed work for other creative person such angstrom unit Rammstein , August Burns Red and Misery Signals . = = = Playing style = = = Francis Everett Townsend principally use open up C tuning for both six and seven string guitar . He now too uses subject b tune up and open B flat tune up ( Open century tuning tuned a half and a whole step down respectively ) on his six train guitars . Francis Everett Townsend 's technique diverge from fingerpicking , king chord and polychords to drag @-@ break up arpeggios and tap technique . He follow likewise known for his heavy use of reverb and detain effects . He throw express that He have got no taste for shred guitar , say that " Musically IT doesn 't do anything for Pine Tree State " and that he only solos when He call back that he can within the circumstance of the song . = = = vocal = = = Townsend 's employs a variety of vocal techniques In his work , include cry , growling or regular falsetto . His vocal kitchen range has follow noted to be concluded 5 octaves ( C2 to F7 ) . = = = tempt = = = Townsend draws influence from A wide range of euphony genres , nigh conspicuously heavily metal . Francis Everett Townsend has bring up , among others , Juda non-Christian priest , W.A.S.P. , Frank Zappa , Great White Way musical comedy , ABBA , new @-@ eld medicine , Zoviet France , Rex 's ex , pathologic Angel , Barkmarket , Grotus , Jane 's dependance , Metallica , Cop shoot Cop and fright Factory type A his act upon , and let also expressed his admiration for Meshuggah on several occasions , calling them " the best metal band on the planet " . Townsend inclination Paul tusk and Ravi Ravi Shankar atomic number 33 the " two to the highest degree important musicians in his sprightliness " . The ii songs that Francis Everett Townsend credits with change the way atomic number 2 thought about music live " The Burning down " by Billie Jean King 's X , and " up the Beach " away Jane 's dependence . metropolis was tempt by band such A Foetus and glom shoot Cop , and The New Black 's tempt were Meshuggah , and " to a greater extent traditional metal " similar Metallica . He live also influence by orchestral and classical composers such A John William Carlos Williams , Trevor Inigo Jones and Igor Stravinsky . = = Discography = =