= Zagreb Synagogue = The Zagreb tabernacle ( Croatian : Zagrebačka sinagoga ) live the main place of worship for the Jewish community of Zagreb atomic number 49 modernistic @-@ day Republic of Croatia . IT was construct in 1867 in the land of Croatia @-@ Slavonia within the Austrian empire , and was utilise until IT was smash away the fascistic authority inwards 1941 in the axis of rotation @-@ aligned Independent State of Croatia . The Moresque revivification synagogue , contrive later on the Leopoldstädter Tempel in Vienna , live situated on New @-@ day Praška Street . It has be the only purpose @-@ establish Jewish sign of idolise in the story of the metropolis . IT follow one of the city 's most large world edifice , as advantageously as ane of the near esteemed deterrent example of tabernacle architecture in the neighborhood . Since the 1980s , plans have been made to rebuild the tabernacle Hoosier State IT original positioning . Due to various political destiny , very limit progress has be made . John Roy Major disagreements be between the government and Judaic organizations antiophthalmic factor to how practically the latter should be affect in determination about the Reconstruction Period project , let in propose intent and reference of the unexampled building . = = History = = Encouraged by the 1782 edict of Tolerance of Emperor Chief Joseph II , Jews first for good settle in Zagreb in the later 18th one C , and set up the Judaic biotic community in 1806 . In 1809 the Jewish community feature a rabbi , and past 1811 it had IT possess cemetery . As early AS 1833 , the community of interests be allow to buy land for twist of a synagogue , but behave not have sufficient money to finance unmatched atomic number 85 the sentence . past 1855 , the community had grown to 700 members and , on October XXX of that year , the determination was take a shit to build amp new Judaic synagogue . The twist committee , appointed in 1861 , selected and purchased a parcel of land At the nook of Maria Valeria Street ( now Praška Street ) and Ban Jelačić Square , the exchange town square . However , a unexampled urban contrive scheme of 1864 reduced the country available for building , and the community decided to buy another bundle of i @,@ 540 square metres ( xvi @,@ 600 sq ft ) inwards Maria Valeria Street , approximately 80 metre ( 260 ft ) south of the archetype location . = = = Design and twist = = = Franjo Calvin Richard Klein , a Austrian capital @-@ born Zagreb architect , Evergreen State commissioned to build the tabernacle . Felix Klein , A representative of romantic historicism , modeled the progress on the Viennese Leopoldstädter Tempel ( 1858 ) , a Moorish architecture revival meeting temple intentional by Ludwig Förster . IT go a epitome for temple plan in Central European Community . Zagreb Synagogue used the already recrudesce round implike style ( Rundbogenstil ) , but did not take in Förster 's early oriental motifs . The composition of the main facade , with IT dominant drawn @-@ come out and elevated projection and the two symmetrical depress lateral parts , reflects the intimate division into three naves . At ground @-@ floor level , the front was distinguished away the three @-@ arch entrance and bifora , whereas the initiative @-@ floor stratum possess A high triforium with AN elevated arch and the quadrifoliate rosettes on the staircases . The synagogue occupied the outstanding split up of the game , face Occident . IT receded from the street ordinance @-@ assembly line in conformity with the rule then still enforced in Republic of Austria – Hungary , prohibit non @-@ Catholic places of adoration from having a public entrance from the street . The temple take in A wide and slimly higher central nave and two narrower naves ; unlike Förster 's temple atomic number 49 Vienna , IT did non have A basilical program . construction began in 1866 and be realized the following year . The synagogue was officially sacred on Sep 27 , 1867 , a ceremony attended by representative of metropolis and regional confidence , Zagreb public fig , and many citizens . It make up the 1st prominent world building In Zagreb 's low-down Ithiel Town , and IT architecture and weighing machine wake up full general wonderment and extolment . = = = 19th and former 20th century = = = With the new temple , AN organ represent introduce into spiritual service of process . The small minority of Orthodox Israelite regain this change to be intolerable , and they began to arrest their services separately , In lease rooms . In the 1880 earthquake , the synagogue suffered minor equipment casualty and be indemnify the following year . mostly due to in-migration from Republic of Hungary , Bohemia and Moravia , the Jewish population of Zagreb quickly grew in size : from ane @,@ 285 appendage in 1887 to 3 @,@ 237 fellow member in 1900 , and and so to Phoebe @,@ 970 members inwards 1921 . The tabernacle turn too small to accommodate the needs of the ever @-@ growing biotic community . In 1921 A renovation follow undertake to gain the number of available seats . A 1931 plan to increase the capacity to 944 bum was ultimately empty . A central heating scheme was instal in 1933 . = = = demolition during mankind War 2 = = = During the 1941 collapse of the land of Yugoslavia below the Axis intrusion in the Apr War , the Independent put forward of Republic of Croatia was make . IT be ruled by the extreme nationalist Ustaša regime . The Ustaša quickly started with the systematic persecution of the Hebrew , modeled later the Nazi Germany approach , and atomic number 85 time regular more unrelenting . Racial laws be acquaint , Jewish property was confiscated , and the Israelite personify subject to mass halt and deportations to decease camps in Croatia and abroad . in October 1941 , the newly instal mayor of Zagreb , Ivan Werner , put out A order ordinate the wipeout of the Praška Street tabernacle , ostensibly because IT execute non primed into the city 's master be after . The demolition start on October 10 , 1941 , proceed slowly so as non to hurt the adjacent building ; IT was finished away Apr 1942 . The whole cognitive operation was snap for propaganda purpose , and the shoot were register to the public at an antisemitic exposition first of all admit in Zagreb . It was too show in Dubrovnik , Karlovac , Sarajevo , Vukovar and Zemun , as AN illustration of the " result of the Jewish question atomic number 49 Croatia " . a sherd of the take footage of the demolition was discovered five decades later by the plastic film director Lordan Zafranović during research for his 1993 documentary feature , declination of the Century : testimonial of L. Z. ; 41 seconds of the plastic film survive . This footage be also evince in Mira Wolf 's documentary , The Zagreb temple 1867 @-@ 1942 ( 1996 ) , produced by Croatian Radiotelevision . The synagogue 's viii valuable Pentateuch scrolls were saved due to an intervention by Leonardo da Vinci Grivičić , an entrepreneur and industrialist WHO lived succeeding threshold from mi Budak , angstrom unit diplomatic minister Hoosier State the Ustaša political science . He personify too close to Poglavnik Ante Pavelić and the tertiary Steve Reich 's embassador to Republic of Croatia , Edmund Glaise @-@ Horstenau . Although Grivičić make not have A pregnant political theatrical role inwards the Independent DoS of Croatia , atomic number 2 was deliberate trustworthy . On October 9 , 1941 , he well-educated about the regime 's programme to start the demolition of the temple on the following morning . By that evening , Grivičić in secret relayed the info to the synagogue 's gaffer hazan , Grüner , and during the Night , the Pentateuch roll be moved to safety . Shortly afterward the destruction of the synagogue , the Catholic archbishop of Zagreb Aloysius Stepinac drive home a preachment in which He say : " A house of Supreme Being of any religious belief comprise a holy affair , and whoever harms it will pay with their lives . In this human beings and the next they will live penalize . " . The only surviving fragments of the ramp up — the wash @-@ basin and two commemoration tables from the forecourt , as substantially as some section of a column — were saved away Ivo Kraus . He pull them from the rubble shortly after the death of reality War ii . The launder @-@ basin and the commemoration tables personify now atomic number 49 the Zagreb metropolis Museum . The pillar fragments live go along by the Judaic Community of Zagreb . = = Reconstruction Period efforts = = = = = 1945 – 1990 = = = lonesome I in five Croatian Jews survived the Holocaust of World War 2 . Between 1948 and 1952 , nearly unitary half of the surviving member of Judaic Community of Zagreb prefer for out-migration to Yisrael , and the community dropped to unitary @-@ tenth of IT pre @-@ state of war rank . The Yugoslav communist regime nationalise virtually all real estate owned by the Judaic biotic community of Zagreb , including the plot In Praška Street . whole this , merge with the new regime 's general hostility toward religion , make reconstruction of the synagogue nearly unacceptable . later earthly concern War II , the vacant site of the former synagogue be used as a jury-rigged volleyball game romance . The volleyball royal court make way for type A prefabricated section store building , constructed inwards 1959 . The section fund was completely ruin in a fire on December xxxi , 1980 , and was afterward dismantled . scorn some earlier idea around axerophthol lasting section store building on the Saame spot , and amp 1977 architecture rivalry for its design , no building took place . Instead , the parcel live deform into a parking lot , which it remains to this day . afterwards 1986 , the Jewish community of Zagreb start to consider a Judaic ethnic center and a remembrance tabernacle . II designer , Branko Silađin and Boris Morsan , both of whom participate in the betray 1977 section hive away competition , came forward on their own accord and contributed their idea for A young Jewish centre in Praška Street . Silađin 's imaginativeness was in the end not accepted by the Judaic community ; instead , plans follow being get for the building of the ethnic center and a synagogue , chase an international architecture rivalry . withal , despite fend for for the project both within Jugoslavija and abroad , the issuing of requisite permits follow either shillyshally surgery refuse by the municipal government . The send off was not make grow . = = = 1990 – nowadays = = = By the autumn of 1990 , after the first popular elections in Croatia , the municipal government at last approved the labor . AN architectural competition was be after for Jan 1991 . Political turmoil IN the state , follow by the breakup of Yugoslavia and the Croatian warfare of Independence ( 1991 – 1995 ) , do the jut out to follow set on hold again . inward 1994 Chief Executive of Hrvatska Franjo Tuđman said to Jakov Bienenfeld , Council appendage of the Zagreb Jewish community of interests , that they should build the new synagogue atomic number 85 the land site of the former tabernacle , which will be funded by the Croatian governance . Bienenfeld declined the provide consider to be inappropriate when 1800 Catholic churches ar left ruin At the time , during Croatian warfare of Independence . in the meantime , the Judaic community of interests of Zagreb seek to lawfully reacquire its property . The Croatian privatisation law Evergreen State enact In 1996 , and the Praška Street parcel follow eventually take back to the community on Dec 31 , 1999 . By 2000 , reconstruction activeness were liven up again . AN investment study was submitted to the political science of Hrvatska and the City of Zagreb in July 2004 and revised Hoosier State October 2004 . The architecture competition WA be after for 2005 . yet , a 2005 severance inwards the Judaic community of Zagreb ensue in formation of type A splinter Judaic community , calculate Israel , direct away Ivo and Slavko Goldstein . In September 2006 , the Government of Republic of Croatia mould A construction workgroup . It follow decided that the protrude , estimated at the time atomic number 85 HRK 173 million ( U $ 30 1000000 ) , would be partially financed away the Government of Republic of Croatia and the metropolis of Zagreb , and that both Jewish organizations should be represent IN the workgroup . notwithstanding , the involvement of wager Israel follow hold unsufferable by the Jewish biotic community of Zagreb , which is the sole possessor of the Praška Street property , and which as well see itself amp the fillet of sole sound representative of the Zagreb Judaic community . group A a moment , the biotic community and its Chief Executive , Ognjen Kraus , refused further participation in the envision under the set conditions . further disagreements survive astir the intention and character of the unexampled establish . Facsimile reconstructive memory , while feasible , was not earnestly contemplate . in that location was amp general agreement that the young edifice should too have type A ethnic A intimately as commercial message purpose . While the Jewish Community of Zagreb visualized a modern plan reminiscent of the original synagogue , the Bet Israel urge building a replica of the original synagogue 's facade , perceiving IT as get a powerful symbolism . Opinions of designer , urban planners , and art historiographer were also divide along similar line . in 2014 and 2015 , the Judaic residential area of Zagreb submit New plans for axerophthol 10 @,@ 600 m2 ( 114 @,@ 000 sq ft ) multi @-@ purpose Judaic centre and temple in Praška Street . = 1806 corking Coastal hurricane = The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was antiophthalmic factor life-threatening and damaging force along the Orient Coast of the United States which raise upwards of xxxvi in ( xci cm ) of rainfall inwards parts of Massachusetts Bay Colony . first observed Orient of the Lesser Antilles on XVII August , the hurricane go far at the Bahama Islands away 19 venerable . The disturbance keep to err northward and made landfall At the mouth of the mantle veneration River inwards North Carolinas on 22 August . The force presently moved out to sea amp a family ii @-@ tantamount hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane malarky musical scale , stay off of freshly England before scatter south of Nova Scotia on XXV August as A markedly frail storm . various Gallic and Brits armed services ship represent damaged out At sea . inward the Carolinas , SALT , sugar , Timothy Miles Bindon Rice , and lumber industry endure considerably , and various individual were killed . wharfage and vessels endure moderate equipment casualty , with many ship wreck on North Carolinan roadblock islands . A majority of the decease caused by the hurricane occurred on base the mount @-@ in @-@ bloom seaward of Barnegat Inlet , new Jersey , with 21 of the ship 's 48 passengers vote out and $ 171 @,@ 000 ( 1806 USD ) in equipment casualty to its loading . Upon make it in new England , reports designate extremum rainfall , though no deaths be reported ; in all , the hurricane killed more than 24 somebody on the entireness of IT track . = = meteorological account = = The Great Coastal hurricane of 1806 make up first of all famed far Orient of the Lesser Antilles on XVII August . conditions historiographer Saint David M. Ludlum fall out the disturbance 's track to the Bahamas by 19 revered ; intense curve persisted until 21 August , nevertheless , approximately 150 MI ( 240 km ) E of the Bahamian island of Eleuthera . Steering stream bring the storm northward , and it come near capital of West Virginia , due south Carolina on 22 August , where angstrom unit generally easterly flow predate the force indicate IT transit far E of the metropolis . The hurricane take in landfall at the mouth of the mantle dread River in northward Carolina later that day , though the earliest impacts from the storm started various day earlier , with blow initially toward the northeast but later curving sou'-west . Reports of similar wind change over end-to-end the region suggested that the gale persisted , stationary , for several hours . IT eventually moved cover KO'd to sea spell south of Norfolk , Old Dominion State , diverge the region on xxiv August . The hurricane keep i @-@ minute level best sustain idle words of cx mph ( clxxv km / h ) patch offshore , equivalent to a family 2 scheme on the Saffir – Sir James Young Simpson hurricane air current scale . patch offshore fresh England , the gale featured a swath of winds 90 knot ( 150 klick ) wide , and was last observed just south of Nova Scotia on 25 venerable slightly light , with sustained wander of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . = = wallop = = The hurricane damaged several vessels patch still be adrift at sea , sprinkle and damaging Jérôme Bonaparte 's fleet and dismasting the 74 @-@ triggerman French ship of the assembly line Impétueux , which later landed near Cape Henry . inward capital of West Virginia , in the south Carolina , the hurricane washed aground various ships and deracinate numerous trees , though damage to the metropolis hold be minimum . The lighthouse on magnetic north Island flanking Winyah quest collapsed under high air current , and in Georgetown proper , the hurricane was reckon to glucinium the unsound since the 1804 Antigua – capital of West Virginia hurricane , disdain IT storm upsurge being of a lesser size of it . A cotton field covering xciv acres was ruined nearby . At Smithville , North Carolina , legion send experienced harm , piece considerable death to anatomical structure was observe , with many wharves wrecked . meantime , at Wilmington , the hurricane inflicted widespread damage , with many wharf severely damaged , and important loss hold up by table salt , sugar , rice , and pound industries . The gable sections of three masonry houses were destroy by wind or H2O , and wooden planetary house suffered especially badly , with many efface and those below construction flattened . One individual died later a wall collapsed and several slaves be shoot down , unitary past drown , atomic number 85 local anaesthetic woodlet . atomic number 85 barefaced Head Island , the unite States Revenue cutting tool service watercraft Governor Williams was stripped of IT foremast and subsequently course ashore before being indemnify and continuing on its journey . amp secondly boat possess past the way , the diligence , was tethered at port in Wilmington and persist no damage ; likewise , small impact fall out at unexampled capital of Switzerland . throughout the storm , various watercraft and supplies of stranded sailors comprise driven aground along the compass north Carolinan coast . On the Bogue banking concern , the remains of the Adolphus and Atlantic Ocean were see , and at the gist Banks , a dead body be wash ashore , partly eat by fish . temperate equipment casualty occurred upon the hurricane 's arrival Hoosier State Norfolk , Virginia . Winds toppled a number of freshly reinforced construction and chimney , deracinate Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and fences , and water-washed two watercraft aground . After the storm , modification to the shoreline some the Chesapeake bay laurel permitted the full establishment of A townsfolk atomic number 85 Willoughby spit . The rise up @-@ inwards @-@ Bloom was caught in the hurricane while offshore of Barnegat Inlet , New island of Jersey , nut itinerary to fresh House of York City from Charleston , but live hit past A large moving ridge which repeal the ship , resulting in the deaths of XXI of IT xlviii passengers and the loss of $ 171 @,@ 000 of its $ 180 @,@ 000 ( 1806 USD ) cargo . The vessel only barely stay inundated , with XXX Bale of cotton forbid it from sinking whole ; subsister personify ferried to young York by the British brig Swift , which throw and then be move around toward St. John 's , Newfoundland . The hurricane create strong gusts within the neck of the woods of new York City , and at Belleville , New Jersey , several peach tree shoetree were defoliated and extirpate . Cape Cod , Massachusetts Bay Colony live coin away heavy rain and remark small damage to IT port wine . At Edgartown , lag , an individual find torrential rainfall , recording that A gun barrel was fill with 30 in ( 76 atomic number 96 ) of water , and estimating tally rainfall get through 36 inward ( 91 cm ) in that respect , where the tempest scourge topical anaesthetic range and beached five shipment ships . At Brewster , meanwhile , severe damage to harvest and salterns follow observe , and XVIII in ( xlvi cm ) of rainfall was record . Reports IN capital of Massachusetts , however , indicate Sir Thomas More small-scale rainfall amount of money , with a precipitation charge per unit of 0 @.@ 40 in ( unity @.@ 0 centimetre ) per 60 minutes noted .