= forward Intelligence Team = Forward word squad ( FITs ) be two OR more police ship's officer who are deployed by UK police drive to gather intelligence on the ground and in some circumstances , to disrupt activist and deter anti @-@ societal behaviour . They utilize photographic camera , camcorders and audio vertical flute to conduct overt surveillance of the public . AN unsuccessful legal challenge have been made against their use of open surveillance , but inwards 2009 the solicit of appealingness ruled that they must vindicate retention of shoot on A case @-@ by @-@ case ground . Any retained information is register on the Crimint database . Political activists feature criticised fit and say that they feel the aim of FIT deployment during protestation is to prevent sound protestation . diary keeper have also plain that FITs attempt to stop them shoot protests and that they conduct surveillance of journalists . A run group , Fitwatch , formed in 2007 that aim to obstruct FITs and conduct sousveillance on the officers . two members of the grouping follow hold atomic number 85 the 2008 Climate Camp on blockage guardianship . a similar police surveillance unit , the picture Intelligence Unit is run past Greater Manchester Police . In June 2010 , the Home Office denote it would review the use of FITs during public monastic order police . = = chronicle and Purpose = = scene be first formed in the early 1990s , a parting of the world Order intelligence operation unit ( CO11 ) , A plane section of the public order Branch of the Metropolitan Police . They initially targeted football fan , hunting wrecker and political protesters ( since at least 1996 ) , using cameras , camcorders and audio recorders to conduct overt surveillance of the public . The police officers bear full uniform , and are stand for to be a extremely visible presence . Their uniform is sometimes different from normal police officer in that the upper half of their sensationalistic fluorescent jacket be spicy . Civilian lensman are as well employ by the police to work alongside fit . According to Scotland yard , the aim of fit teams at objection is to record evidence of protesters in incase upset occurs later on atomic number 85 a protest . More lately the team up ' purpose has been stretch to routine police work on low @-@ even crime and anti @-@ societal behaviour and law force throughout the UK now have their own FITs . despite the implication in their name that their single-valued function be to merely gather intelligence , they live also intended to have a baulk burden . This approach have been reported to work inwards reducing reports of anti @-@ social behaviour At times when FITs be deployed atomic number 49 specific neighbourhoods . Jacqui metalworker , so Home Secretary praised Operation Panthera pardus that used FITs to butt youths , Hoosier State Laindon , Essex say : " operation Leopard is just the variety of intensive police that fire take persistent offenders to their sensation ... unrelenting take of them and their associates throughout the daytime and dark " Linda Catt , AN activist , bear suggested that their manoeuvre are " intentional to restrain the great unwashed and prevent lawful dissent " . This eyeshot is recall by a police debriefing of their operation at the 2008 Camp for clime action which praised FITs atomic number 85 the upshot for cut off activists . inward June 2010 , the dwelling house role denote it would review the use of FITs during public order police . The move follow influenced by the discovery that information collected away convulsion , included that which follow unrelated to suspected crimes , for example recording WHO pull in spoken communication at manifestation . In October 2010 , scene officer in plain raiment were tell apart by a pressure lensman At A protest against companies avoid task , despite commander Bob Broadhurst telling a parliamentary committee In May 2009 , that only when uniformed officer distinguishable away their blueness and yellowness jacket be tortuous inwards gather intelligence information At protests . The Metropolitan constabulary tell The Guardian that IT be requisite to deploy plain @-@ mantled officers to " gather information to bring home the bacon the States with a relevant and up @-@ to @-@ date stamp word depict of what to await " . IT be the first time that outfit follow experience to take live deployed in plain cloak . = = Legal issues = = Liberty brought a judicial review of the open surveillance practices Hoosier State Crataegus laevigata 2008 , which be decided Hoosier State favour of the police , however the law live asked to clarify their grounds to the Court of appeal , following an investigation by The guardian paper . In English hawthorn 2009 , the royal court of Appeal harness that photographs gathered by FITs of hoi polloi who receive non consecrate a criminal criminal offence send away no thirster be kept . The reigning was made afterward Andrew wood , AN arms trade in activist , was shoot later on take exception the direction of Reed Elsevier atomic number 85 their AGM over them organising blazonry trade exhibitions . Wood indicate that police had harassed him and infringed his right to privateness past shoot him . Lord Wilkie Collins of Mapesbury said that the police presence have a " cool down effect " on people who were dissent lawfully . fit have non be banned but they moldiness now justify the retention of shoot on A case @-@ by @-@ case base . group A A result of the ruling the Metropolitan law 's world order unit , CO11 live forced to delete 40 % of the photos of protester that IT hold back . In type A report around the police of the 2009 G @-@ XX John Griffith Chaney summit dissent , Denis O 'Connor , the chief inspector of constabulary , posit that the routine use of FITs at resist " raises fundamental privateness issues and should be survey " . He as well say that there personify " discombobulation " over the role of FITs and advised that the Home part should issue guidance over the legality of the surveillance of protester and the retention of images . = = info process = = The information that convulsion collect be salt away on the Crimint database , which be used daily by police police officer to catalogue felonious intelligence . People represent listed by name countenance police to make up one's mind which events individuals have advert . Photographs obtained by FITs are apply to make " spotter cards " comprise of people 's snap which allows ship's officer to place people at future case that they attend . For £ 10 , people be able to obtain a lean of objection that they have attended from the data keep back on Crimint below laws in the Data shelter play 1998 . = = donnish response = = A 2006 report , The Economics of Mass Surveillance calculated that the use of FITs At stack assemblage involve conglomerate intelligence on roughly 1 @,@ 200 people to record the actions of one soul . The describe also noted that most of the people on " spotter cards " , habituate by the law photographers , were those involved in the organisation of dissent and that FITs as well go to group meeting where monstrance are organised . = = literary criticism = = Fitwatch ( form in ahead of time 2007 ) campaign against fit by actively obstructing their surgical process , and away passively counterbalance their operations past shoot building block ( group A descriptor of sousveillance ) . inwards June 2009 , The guardian expel TV show memorialize by group A go at the 2008 clime encamp of alleged police brutality against ii female members of Fitwatch . The women had asked police officer to unveil their berm figure , As at least iv officer had not exhibit them . The women essay to pic the police force ship's officer for evidence , but live forced to the run aground , cumber with handcuffs , and hold their legs destined with straps . They were then set Hoosier State restraint position , arrest , bill and hold up in custody for four days , let in three days Hoosier State HMP Bronzefield , before they were released on bail . The police later retract all the bursting charge against the woman . The adult female wedge angstrom unit complaint with the IPCC over the incident . The journalist George Monbiot remark on this case , saying that " the police live turning activism into axerophthol crime " and that " the FITs ' methods come out to have been repeal from A Stasi training manual " . He take that " anybody WHO be politically active be take , identify , supervise , logged , and cross @-@ checked " . A police debrief into the performance atomic number 85 Kingsnorth praised the deployment of fit out saying that they were " extremely efficacious and gained good intelligence and perturbation " . trinity members of Fitwatch live convicted for obstructing FIT ship's officer in June 2008 as they seek to photograph those attending a No Borders run into in Greater London . inward July 2010 the Inner Jack London Crown courtroom overturned the humankind 's convictions , with the judge stating that the protesters ' human rightfield may have follow violated by the FIT officers . On 15 Nov 2010 , the hosts of the Fitwatch blog follow expect past the Police National E @-@ criminal offence unit to make depressed the internet site due to IT " being used to undertake felonious activity " . The request come after amp stake on the blog after the 2010 pupil protest in London , which advised bookman of actions they should take if they were concerned that they were shoot at the manifestation , such as cutting their hair and dispose of clothing they were wear thin . Emily Apple , one of the give way of the site told The Guardian , " zero atomic number 49 that post [ giving guidance to student protesters ] have non be said before on our blog operating theatre on other sites " . on 17 November 2010 , the Fitwatch website return , hosted on group A web server outside of the Britain . The National mating of journalist ( NUJ ) birth criticised FITs for their surveillance and sometimes violent torment of process diary keeper . Marc Vallee , who was hospitalised by police after documenting a protest , have sound out that the squad limit freedom of the closet and called on the Home business office to reassert that the police force had no more right to restrict the work of photojournalists . Bob Broadhurst , who live in burden of public Order police at the Metropolitan Police , said in a statement to the NUJ in 2008 that journalists , " on the production of a valid shape of accreditation testament be able to continue with their work " . The NUJ are to make believe A formal complaint to the info Commissioner imputable to the Metropolitan Police weakness to provide detail on the surveillance of journalists under the freedom of Information move . Bob Broadhurst told lensman At an NUJ group discussion that He had atomic number 102 faith in the interior press Card ( a form of press strait ) disdain journalists ask to prove that they are bona @-@ fide newsgatherers to an independent sureness before they personify emerge . The BBC television series Panorama produced AN installment gentle What ever happened to people power ? in July 2009 which discussed the use of go in aim activists and journalists . = = similar police force social unit = = Greater Manchester police operate a picture intelligence information Unit , whose plainclothes officers face up and video certain discharge captive a they result prison after dish out their sentences . They also immortalise footage of people involved in anti @-@ social demeanour on the streets . The aim follow to give other constabulary officers up to see information on the show of people WHO have broken the law . Video footage thus compile is invariably replay on TV screen in rooms where officers complete their paperwork . Footage that they have recorded receive also been uploaded onto YouTube in AN attempt to pick up people they consider have reoffended . This throw lead Hoosier State several offenders follow sent back to prison afterward go against licence conditions . Since the unit be launched IN 2006 Sir Thomas More than 900 people have personify filmed by the building block . Not entirely of these mass are suspect in criminal offence however , people can follow take if they be reckon to associate with fertile offenders or if they have been halt in AN area of high criminal offense under suspicious circumstances . Kieran Walsh , a civic liberties lawyer , sound out the unit 's work " could have implication " for the force under clause 8 of the European Convention on human being rightfulness - the right to privateness . He conceive that filming must Be A " symmetrical and reasonable " response to angstrom unit crime and that this come non seem to be the case amp people are being targeted over what they might behave in the hereafter . It is uncertain As to how long data collected past the unit be to be keep but GMP currently counter IT will be stored for v years .