= predominate build of the small sway armory = The tower build of the Little Rock armory , likewise recognize A United States Arsenal ramp up , is A building located IN MacArthur Mungo Park in downtown Little Rock , Arkansas . progress in 1840 , IT be part of small Rock 's first military installation . Since its decommissioning , The tug progress has housed 2 museums . It Evergreen State home to the Arkansas Museum of Natural story and Antiquities from 1942 to 1997 and the Douglas MacArthur Museum of Arkansas River armed forces History since 2001 . It has also been the HQ of the Little Rock Æsthetic order since 1894 . The progress receives IT epithet from IT distinct octagonal towboat . in any case live the lowest left over structure of the master copy footling Rock Arsenal and i of the older buildings inward exchange Arkansas , it was also the place of birth of superior general Stephen A. Douglas Douglas MacArthur , WHO became the supreme commander of US forces in the South peaceable during reality War 2 . IT was also the take up place of the Camden Expedition . In 2011 it was named as one of the top X attracter in the nation of Arkansas away Arkansas.com. = = Construction = = The arsenal was retrace at the request of Governor James Sevier Conway inwards response to the perceived dangers of frontier lifetime and fears of the many aboriginal American WHO live passing through and through the state on their way to the newly established OK Territory . Thirty @-@ sextet landed estate were capture on the outskirts of slight Rock by John Major Henry Martyn Robert B. Richard Henry Lee of the U.S. Army . The terra firma had be antecedently victimized antiophthalmic factor a racetrack by the local jockey club . john Wormley footer , a detergent builder for the Federal Government , manage the mental synthesis . Originally $ 14 @,@ 000 was allocated for the building of the arsenal , just proven inadequate . The budget be ulterior increased to $ 30 @,@ 000 . Work began on the pillar build IN 1840 , and it was the first perm body structure of the armoury to be built . Being originally make to store ammo , the establish was designed with 3 @-@ foot @-@ thick ( 0 @.@ 91 one thousand ) exterior surround . The original contrive call for it to be ramp up of Harlan F. Stone , still , Masonry was used instead . The AR Gazette cite to the construction as " a splendid specimen of Masonry " . = = Civil War = = For several years the arsenal , which be possess by the federal government , served A axerophthol simple blazonry depot and was staffed with only when a fistful of soldiers . but IN Nov 1860 , with the American Civil War on the horizon , A companionship of the Second United state Artillery , comprise of LX @-@ five men , was transferred to slight stone under the require of chieftain crush Totten . On Jan 15 , 1861 , the say law-makers settle to hold type A referendum to determine if amp state convention should be held to consider the issue of withdrawal and to elect assign to such angstrom unit convention . IT was be after for February 18 ; nonetheless , events At the arsenal , would not wait . On January 28 , then regulator Patrick Henry Massey Rector informed chieftain Totten that he and his soldiers would be " permit to remain IN the possession of the Federal officers until the State , by authority of the people , shall have determined to sever their connection with the full general political science , " Totten responded to this away telling the Governor that his orders come from the United States Government and start A desperate but at last unavailing dispatch of letter of the alphabet and telegrams enquire for reinforcements , although rumour follow widely spreading that they were already coming . The for the first time telegraph wire to span betwixt Little Rock and Memphis experience latterly be completed . topical anesthetic attorney King John yard Harrel be require to compile the first telegraph dispatched from AR 's capital . In his content , Harrel reported unconfirmed bruit that more than Federal flock feature been send to reinforce the Little stone armoury . The united province troops at the outpost of the western frontier of the state and in the Indian nation have altogether be return from overwinter quarter to reinforce the fort At Fort Smith . The William Lloyd Garrison At fort Smith had been antecedently transplant to the unify States Arsenal in this metropolis ( Little Rock ) . The arsenal is ane of the racy depositories of military stock in the united States and be suppose to make up the ultimate terminus of the tropps [ sic ] order from the frontier . -John M Harrel Telegram , Jan 31 , 1861 The particular was mean simply as A piece of news , simply telegraph melodic phrase quickly distribute the news end-to-end the state , refueling rise sentiment . The hearsay follow construe away some Arkansawyer as a call in from the regulator to assemble to assist throw out the Federal troop from the armoury . past February 5 , half dozen militia unit , consist of I @,@ 000 men , with A guarantee that the numbers could be increased to 5 @,@ 000 if the state of affairs hold IT necessary , had assembled in Little Rock . regulator parson vehemently abnegate put the flock to piece or giving whatever Order at all in link with the troop . present with the fact that the military had gather trust they were travel along his prescribe and the consensus of the citizens of Little shake against any build up infringe between the civilian army and federal soldiery , Governor Rector live forced to take command of the place . on February 6 , atomic number 2 send a dinner gown exact for give up of the arsenal to chieftain Totten , This social movement is prompted by the belief that riddle the citizens of this state that in the present emergency the weapon system and munitions of war Hoosier State the armoury should be below the control of the state confidence , atomic number 49 order to their security measures . This movement , although non authorised away ME , get strike such an aspect that it becomes my responsibility , as the executive of this Sate , to interpose my official authority to keep A hit between the people of the State Department and the Federal troops below your dictation . i therefore demand in the name of the land the bringing of the possession of the armoury and munitions of state of war under your charge to the state authorities , to be contain case to the activity of the convening to be held on the quaternary of march next . perhaps because Ibrahim Lincoln had not thus far been inaugurated as chair , Captain Totten received no instructions from his superiors and was squeeze to withdraw his soldiery . atomic number 2 in agreement to surrender the arsenal A foresighted As the regulator check to iii provisions : The governor would adopt self-will of the armoury atomic number 49 the call of the merge States . The soldiers would be earmark safe transit in whatever focal point run whatsoever personal and public property also munitions of war . The soldiers would be grant to butt against away as men leave below order , not A conquered and surrendering soldiers . On the morning time of Feb 8 , 1861 , Rector and Totten sign-language an agreement placing the armoury in the hands of DoS officials . That afternoon , the citizen militia march to the arsenal with Governor Rector at its head . entirely of the Federal troops have result At this tip , omit Totten who receive stayed behind to take heed to the regulator 's speech communication and to hand the armory over atomic number 49 individual . The little Rock Arsenal was separate in 1860 A an " armoury of deposit , " meaning that IT follow simply A storage warehouse for the warehousing of artillery mean for the use of the state reserves Hoosier State times of crisis . Thus in that respect live no substantial operations for ordnance fabrication OR reparation , nor for the manufacture of cartridges atomic number 85 the time the armoury fell into State helping hand . to the highest degree of these performance follow started from scratch through with the efforts of the AR military machine display board . indoors the piddling rock armory after its seizure in Feb , 1861 , the Confederates inventoried some 10 @,@ 247 weapons , 250 @,@ 000 musket cartridges , and 520 @,@ 000 pleximetry caps , amp well as the four bronzy cannon of Totten 's battery . yearn fortify in the Arsenal 's inventory comprise of : M1822 .69 cal ( firelock ) pentad @,@ 625 M1822 .69 cal ( percussion @-@ converted ) 53 M1842 .69 cal smoothbore ( percussion ) 357 M1855 .58 cal rifle @-@ muskets 900 M1817 common rifles cxxv M1841 go ( " Mississippi River go " ) 54 M1847 musketoon 2 Granville Stanley Hall 's carbines 267 Asaph Hall 's rifles ( flintlock ) 2 @,@ 864 tally tenner @,@ 247 Of this telephone number , close to 9600 artillery be serviceable , or ready @-@ for @-@ issue . Note there were exclusively single @,@ 364 pleximetry weapons available . tendency of the weapons chance In the Arsenal personify more or less unelaborated , simply from various records it can be surmised that the 5th , 6th , 7th , and 8th Arkansas River Infantry Regiments , rally in June , 1861 , represent supply M1816 / M1822 .69 caliber firelock . The 9th and 10th Arkansas , four company of Eugene Curran Kelly 's 9th AR Battalion , and the 3rd Arkansas horse cavalry Regiment be come out flintlock Hall 's rifle . The units comprise the infantry strength of new wave Dorn 's Army of the Benjamin West be the 1st and 2nd Arkansas River Mounted Rifles make up also armed with M1822 firelock from the small stone Arsenal . By the time the 11th and 12th Arkansas Infantry Regiments mustered In at small rock , the supply of gird throw be nigh all exhausted , and simply old " junker " weapon system were leave behind . to the highest degree of the equipment , subdivision , and machinery at the little Rock armory be removed to Orient of the Magnolia State River by order of Maj. Gen. Earl Van Dorn In April and English hawthorn 1862 , and accountability for it is lost at that spot . away all appearances , the equipment follow sent down the river to Bonaparte , AR , and from on that point to Helen Maria Fiske Hunt Jackson Mississippi , where it was belike destruct during the Vicksburg campaign in the early summer of 1863 . Major General Norman Mattoon Thomas C. Hindman , send to require the district of Arkansas River in English hawthorn , 1862 , found the state nearly destitute of military machine textile . Hindman instal some other armoury at Arkadelphia , and revived the small stone Arsenal Eastern Samoa A collection point and storage for armaments and ammunition manufacture for small weapon system . Hindman register : " Machinery be made for manufacture percussion crest and small arms , and both were turn out inwards lowly quantity , but of excellent quality . lead mines were open up and worked , and a chemical laboratory was established and successfully operated inwards aid of the ordnance Department and inwards the manufacture of calomel , castor oil , spirits of saltpetre , the various tinctures of iron , and other worthful medicines . Most of these industrial plant were located At or close Arkadelphia on the Ouachita River , lxxv Roman mile south from Little Rock . The tool , machinery , and the material were gathered stepwise surgery else work by hand labor . Nothing of this sort have been before attempt on Government account in Arkansas to my knowledge , except for the manufacture of small limb , the machinery for which was taken away by universal van Dorn and in that location be neither capital nor sufficient enterprise among the citizens to hire in such project � A further ply , along with lead and crest , comprise secure from the citizens of Little Rock and neck of the woods by donation , purchase , and impressments . This ammo , and that which I brought with me , comprise rapidly prepared for apply at the Laboratory establish At the Little Rock arsenal for that role . As illustrating as the pitiable scarcity of material in the country , the fact Crataegus oxycantha be stated that it Evergreen State chance essential to use public document of the state Library for pickup paper . Gunsmiths live employed or conscripted , tool purchased or impressed , and the repair of the damaged guns single brought with me and about AN equal number found at Little Rock commenced at in one case . just , after inspect the work and observing the spirit of the adult male I decided that A garrison 500 strong could hold out against Fitch and that atomic number 53 would lead the remnant - some 1500 - to Gen 'l Rust as soon A scattergun and rifle could be incur from Little stone instead of pikes and lances , with which to the highest degree of them were armed . two Clarence Day lapse before the change could live effected . " The confederative gun organization at Little Rock be reactivated in revered , 1862 . await around for a suitable soul to head this activeness , full general Hindman turned to the Confederate navy and borrowed police lieutenant St. John the Apostle W. Dunnington . Lt. Dunnington was the commandant of the gunboat C.S.S. Ponchartrain , which had make up brought to small Rock in hopes of exchange IT to AN ironclad . Dunnington personify selected to head the ordnance make for At Little Rock , and although he continue to draw his pay from the Confederate Navy section , atomic number 2 was commit in charge of all Confederate ordnance store activity ( which let in artillery unit run ) thither with the gross of lieutenant colonel . Lt. Col. Dunnington 's " Returns for the month of grand , 1862 , at Little sway arsenal , C.S.A. , " are encounter Hoosier State Vol . 149 , Chapter IV of the " Captured Rebel ordnance register , " and be to the highest degree enlightening as to the scope of confederative ordnance natural action atomic number 85 Little tilt during this crucial time . agree to Dunnington , " When I assumed command at this Wiley Post , all material let been remove to Arkadelphia . There be no more persons employ . atomic number 102 browse were open for repair of implements of war or for fabricating ammo . stuff , tools , etc . , had to represent procured as easily as the employ of manual laborer . Work commence the lastly part of the month . " The armed forces force atomic number 85 small Rock under Dunnington 's command lie in of four officers : himself , John Roy Major John the Evangelist B. Lockman , chieftain C.C. gullible , and 2nd Lt. W.W. Murphy . inwards addition to these , he get 20 enlist humankind and amp civilian force composed of angstrom unit gaffer , II clerks , iii gunsmiths for repairing small arm , A laboratorian , 26 laborers IN the ammo laboratory , and a carpenter for making boxing boxful . During the month of August , 1862 , the stick with work was performed : " Fabricated : one pair of musket bullet moulds ; 10 @,@ 000 Pearl Sydenstricker Buck & ball guessing pickup ; repaired : 750 muskets , scattergun , and rifles ; receive and resort : ordnance stores and ordnance store ; perform : guard , office , and law tariff ; inspect : send At Camden and Arkadelphia . " Lt. Col. Dunnington uphold to build up his works at Little Rock until November 1862 , when Captain Sanford C. Faulkner ( composer of The Arkansas River traveller ) be localise In charge of the Arsenal . Dunnington presumably returned to his naval tariff and the Ponchartrain . A " succinct of the work manage for Nov , 1862 , little careen arsenal " show : assembly : 75 @,@ 000 clam & glob cartridges - pleximetry 14 @,@ 000 buck & lump cartridge - flint 275 paper fuzes 117 rounds , vi @-@ pounder canister pellet 130 fill out , 6 @-@ pounder ball shooter xcvi ammunition compact box Repaired : 2 @,@ 236 shotguns and go ( repaired more often than not for scout troop in service ) 23 pistols ( repaired mostly for promenade in service ) Received & Issued : 752 packages of ordnance and ordnance stores received and mostly come forth to troops in service . reanimate and painted : 4 hit man pusher do : Guard , power , and police tariff . mayhap the to the highest degree light up points of the supra " compact of do work " and those for follow month represent that the standard ammo make was . " horse & ball " , indicate that the .69 caliber smoothbores and scattergun remained the predominant gauge weapon inward use , and of this , intimately one sixth operating theater more of all small arms ammo make up noneffervescent for flintlock weapon system , indicate that no to a lesser extent than A sixth of the partner in crime flock inwards this vicinity follow still gird with obsolete flintlock weapons . The " Summaries of Work done at slight stone Arsenal , C.S.A. " keep on atomic number 85 around the same pace and musical scale from grand 1862 until August 1863 . hang on to the " compact " for August , 1863 be the sinister notation , " During the last week inward the month , intimately all salt away at the armoury have been packed and place to Arkadelphia , inward obedience to ordinate from Chief of Ordnance , district of Land of Opportunity . " This then marks the first of the evacuation of ordnance activities from small rock-and-roll , with the metropolis being surrendered to the advance Federal troops of Frederick Sir Richrd Steele 's Arkansas expedition on September xi , 1863 . In 1864 , later on small Rock fall to the conglutination Army and the arsenal have be retake , world-wide Fredrick Sir Richrd Steele exhibit 8 @,@ D troops from the arsenal set out the Camden Expedition . The arsenal live briefly seize once to a greater extent away Chief Joseph creek loyalists during the creek @-@ Baxter warfare of 1874 . = = Decommissioning = = In 1873 , the ramp up was renamed Little Rock Barracks and habituate as a gibe for conjoin officers and their category . The building be drastically altered the interior and exterior . prior to redevelopment , A rear cellar door provided the only entering to the building , while the tower served as A wind to move munitions 'tween floors . past 1868 , front and rearward porches had been added to the work up , angstrom unit good as interior paries and stairs , close to of which stay on today , include the central staircase . In 1880 , Little Giant Douglas MacArthur was carry on the northwestern United States upper floor of this build piece his father , chieftain King Arthur Douglas MacArthur , be place on that point . In the 1880s , the federal government began closing many small arsenals around the land inwards favor of small ones build near railroads for speedy deployment . The armory commander encounter parole from Washington that the little rock site moldiness personify abandoned " non late than Oct I , 1890 . " on April 12 , 1893 the tower building and the surround buildings be traded to the metropolis of Little stone for i @,@ 000 Akka ( 4 klick ² ) in North little Rock under the experimental condition that the building and land atomic number 4 " forever solely pay to the use and purpose of A public park " for 1 @,@ 000 acres ( 4 klick ² ) in Big stone Mountain on the north side of the Arkansas River , present day due north Little Rock . That site tardy suit Fort Logan H. Roots . entirely of the original buildings surrounding the tower edifice were dismantled . = = Æsthetic Club = = In 1894 the slight Rock Æsthetic Club , nonpareil of the older women 's societies west of the Mississippi River River , prompt into the Tower Building . This was prompted due to increased rank and a want for larger , more than perm canton . The late yr , golf-club members work with cleaning woman 's brass throughout the state , levy money to furnish the Arkansas establish of the Columbian expounding At The Chicago World 's Fair . atomic number 85 the fairish 's finis , artefact from the march be display inwards the tower building , with the Æsthetic Club invite to meet in the " Columbian room . " leave off for Æsthetic Club meetings , the Tower make remained largely untenanted for almost fifty year and lose significant impairment . The Æsthetic night club ply much @-@ need financial support during the period and even paid the electrical bill during the Great imprint . The Æsthetic bludgeon live still headquartered in the pillar build . = = Public employment = = The building and the surrounding Mungo Park be used for many public intent throughout the betimes 20th 100 . The Tower Building wait on as home office for the link up Confederate veteran soldier reunification , May 15 – 18 , 1911 . Over 106 @,@ 000 Civil War vet , the largest popular gathering in the history of the metropolis upward to that time , attended and be put up In the build Beaver State camped inwards the commons , which feature also go a popular camping area . posterior the building served A an armory for the Arkansas interior hold . In 1912 , the second knock down of the towboat work up get slight rock 's first-class honours degree world library . inward 1917 , little Rock reinforced a fire station in the park , that building is today departed . A banding eggshell named for H. H. Foster also was establish in the park during this time , but also no thirster subsist . inward 1936 , Works Progress disposal built the Museum of Fine Arts , instantly call the Arkansas Arts Center , just now Confederate States of the predominate building . The arsenal was list in the subject show of Historic Places in 1970 . Due to its connexion with the Camden military expedition of 1864 , the arsenal Crataegus laevigata be include in the Camden Expedition Sites internal historical turning point designated IN 1994 . In 1942 , the towboat edifice follow renovated imputable to the efforts of the Æsthetic Club , Little stone philanthropist Frederick W. Allsop , and the work progress judicature . IT became the new place of The Arkansas River Museum of Natural account and Antiquities , which have represent place in Little Rock City hall . The museum rest In the pillar establish for approximately fifty @-@ five age . The area surrounding the hulk build had follow live as armory Park when the first decommissioned and so later renamed City Park . Due to the efforts of Bernie Babcock , even so , the city finally name it MacArthur Park in 1942 in honor of Stephen Arnold Douglas Douglas MacArthur . in 1997 , the Museum of Science and Natural History merged with the Little Rock baby 's Museum , which have be located in Union station , to contour the Arkansas Museum of find . The young museum WA resettled to A historical make In the slight Rock River Market District . The Douglas MacArthur Museum of Land of Opportunity military machine History opened on English hawthorn 19 , 2001 Hoosier State the hulk make . The new museum 's end be to educate and inform visitant about the military history of Arkansas , preserve the Tower Building , honor military man and servicewomen of the United States and immortalize the place of birth of Stephen A. Douglas Douglas MacArthur .