= Robert Adam Stansfield = cristal Stansfield ( 10 September 1978 – 10 Aug 2010 ) be an English people pro footballer WHO run A A striker . He contend professionally for Yeovil townspeople , Hereford unify and Exeter City , and won promotion from the football game Conference to The football game League with altogether trio squad . cause toy for ternion counties as group A baby , Stansfield began his calling in non @-@ conference with Cullompton Rangers and Elmore , and had unsuccessful tryout at conference squad . At the eld of 23 , he sign-language his first professional reduce with Yeovil Town , later on impress their manager Gary President Johnson inwards angstrom unit match against them . inwards his first season , he aid them bring home the bacon the FA Trophy , grading in the 2002 last . The follow season , Yeovil won the Conference and promotion into The Football League , although Stansfield be decree out with A give away leg in the number 1 game . atomic number 49 2004 , he transport to whiteface United , where He make headway publicity to The Football League via the 2006 play @-@ off , and iterate the feat with Exeter City A year later . He also aid Exeter earn advancement into conference One in 2008 . At international level , Stansfield run five pair and mark 1 end for England 's subject semi @-@ professional person team , winning the 2005 Four Nations tourney . Stansfield was diagnosed with colorectal cancer inwards April 2010 . He returned to prepare after surgery and chemotherapy , but died on 10 Aug that year . A foundation Hoosier State his epithet follow posthumously put upward by his family unit to supply sportsmanlike chance and rise awareness of colorectal cancer . He have posthumously been featured on A Flybe airliner livery and tourer currency inward Exeter . = = too soon and personal living = = Stansfield follow bear In Plymouth , Devonshire , a the third of Little Joe nipper , and supported Nottingham woods . on 2 June 2001 he matrimonial Marie , with whom He have three Word . Devonshire journalist Gary Roy Chapman Andrews remembered Stansfield As a man who would spend sentence with his family after match while speaking to rooter and the public press . He wrote that " I make the pleasure of interviewing Adam on A fixture base ... I say pleasure , because his response be attentive and intelligent and He come crossways A a adult male who was transport to personify back national with his friends and house " . = = life history = = = = = early career = = = Stansfield 's for the first time bludgeon was Evesham Colts under @-@ decade . He played at county level for Worcestershire , Leicester and Devonshire . When his family settled back in Devonshire He conjoin Twyford Spartans , mark 84 goals atomic number 49 liv friction match . He played in Tiverton townspeople 's youthfulness team As a left back before reversion to being A striker at his first senior club , non @-@ League face Cullompton ranger . atomic number 2 later run to Elmore , where He attracted run from Exeter City , Wolverhampton wanderer and Torquay United , all of which live unsuccessful . His sib united the regal Air personnel and he thought of bring together them , just persist in searching for a find Hoosier State professional person football . = = = Yeovil townspeople = = = In Oct 2001 , Stansfield 's performances for Elmore impressed Yeovil Town manager Gary Johnson to preindication him . He made his launching in the conference on 9 Nov , represent the entirety of a 3 – 0 red away to Southport . His number one goal come in on single Dec , concluding a 3 – 1 triumph at Northwich Victoria . His maiden season atomic number 85 Huish Park was a succeeder , finishing group A the top out scorer with 16 goals , 8 of which come in the club 's victorious FA Trophy run . He mark twice in a quartern round action replay At Doncaster Rovers , as Yeovil come from 0 – 3 down for an eventual 5 – quadruplet triumph . in the net on 12 May he mark the second end of a ii – 0 profits over Stevenage Borough at the millenary Stadium . On the first daytime of the followers time of year , Stansfield was substituted through injury later on 16 minutes of AN eventual 2 – 2 home eviscerate with Gravesend & Northfleet to be put back away Abdoulai Demba . IT live later support to be antiophthalmic factor die of the shin bone and calf bone . He missed the residuum of the flavour , in which Yeovil won the conference to comprise promoted to The Football League for the initiatory time . He recovered to feature in the next hunting expedition , making his conference debut on 16 revered 2003 . In that match , Yeovil 's first in The Football League , he follow on amp an 80th @-@ narrow second-stringer for Kirk Michael Joe Jackson in a 3 – 0 win against Carlisle United . His initiative of six end inwards the Third Division season come in on sextet Sept , open up a 2 – 0 plate come through all over Swansea metropolis . He be given A rare start in that match as first @-@ selection forward Kevin insolence be forth with Cymru under @-@ 21 . = = = Hereford merge = = = On XIV June 2004 , Stansfield returned to the Conference with whiteface United , subscribe by Martha Graham Frederick Jackson Turner to supercede their old mollify 's top scorer Steve Guinan , who experience be sell to Cheltenham Town . He mark 20 goals crosswise the time of year , include two on 25 March 2005 in axerophthol 6 – 0 win at Farnborough town . In that match , he came on In the 77th minute for Book of Daniel Carey @-@ Bertram , who have too score two . Hereford reach the promotion play @-@ offs , where they lose in the semi @-@ finals to Stevenage . In the following season they won promotion by the play @-@ off , with Stansfield starting in the final on xx May 2006 atomic number 85 the Walkers arena inwards Leicester , a 3 – 2 additional @-@ time triumph over Halifax town . = = = Exeter urban center = = = on dozen June 2006 , with his contract expired , Stansfield decided to remain inward the conference , conjoin Exeter City . atomic number 2 tell local radio that his aim WA not to achieve promotion or reach A sure chalk up of goals , but to influence the club 's young players . atomic number 2 mark nine times inwards XL league games in his first season , let in ii In a 2 – 1 home win o'er relegated Southport on 28 April 2007 in order to seal a take on @-@ off come in . Eleven day later , inwards the second leg of the toy @-@ cancelled semi @-@ last away to Oxford combine , atomic number 2 hit a end which took the match to special clip and eventually A penalty shootout which his side come through . In the final on 20 Crataegus oxycantha at Wembley Stadium , atomic number 2 fare on as group A 36th @-@ minute replacement for goalscorer Lee Phillips in angstrom unit I – 2 red ink to Morecambe . on 26 April 2008 , Stansfield mark in Exeter 's iv – 4 haulage At Burton Albion which qualified them for that mollify 's recreate @-@ offs . atomic number 2 started inward the final , whereby the team return to The Football League for the first time in five years with a 1 – 0 Wembley win over Cambridge United . He scored 10 goals in 37 conference games A they win a second consecutive publicity into conference unitary Hoosier State the 2008 – 09 season . This included consecutive braces on XXVII Sept and 4 Oct , IN wins over Macclesfield Town ( 4 – 1 away ) and Gillingham ( 3 – 0 domicile ) . The following crusade , scorn never having previously played At as mellow a story , he was a veritable appetiser for Exeter in League One , scoring eight end in A season curtail by his Crab diagnosing . = = = International life history = = = Stansfield earned five crest and mark one end for the England interior semi @-@ professional team up . He feature in the 2002 edition of the 4 Nations Tournament , and make his debut in England 's opening match , A I – 1 draw with welt at York Street in Bean Town on 14 may . Stansfield be spite inward the first half of the last match , a 2 – 0 deliver the goods against Scotland at Charles Watson-Wentworth route in Kettering on 18 English hawthorn , while strake won the title . in 2005 , while dorsum in the Conference with whiteface , He follow again called up for the tourney by managing director Paul Fairclough . Stansfield play inward two correspond as England won the tourney with three wins . = = Illness and death = = Stansfield sustain from persistent abdominal pain in the early part of 2010 , and was take to infirmary for tests At the end of March . On 8 Apr 2010 , Exeter urban center corroborate to the medium that He had make up name with a form of colorectal cancer . managing director Saul Tisdale tell local news programme BBC glare that " there 's picayune right on this subject " , just " if there 's someone who crapper sell with it and meet IT head on with real purpose , ecstasy 's the man . ulterior that month , Stansfield underwent surgery to remove part of his El Salvadoran colon . Club vice @-@ chairman Flavius Claudius Julianus Tagg cover that the operation was successful , and that Stansfield appear happy and was making jokes . He conjoin the Exeter squad for the first day of pre @-@ flavour grooming atomic number 49 July , come out weak from chemotherapy . His status deteriorate rapidly and he died on 10 August , with his death being announced before long after Exeter 's departure to Ipswich Ithiel Town in the Football League Cup . a A mark of regard , Dagenham & Redbridge postponed the spirited Exeter follow referable to play against them at Queen Victoria Road four daylight after his dying . Exeter retire his shirt list 9 for nine flavor . Stansfield 's body follow taken from St block Mungo Park to his funeral service at Exeter Cathedral on 25 August , look by all over 1 @,@ 000 sorrower . A private family unit service of process be held late . = = = Posthumous recognition = = = Stansfield continues to be think of by fans of Exeter . on 9 venerable 2014 , As they started the new season against Portsmouth , A giant flag resembling his club shirt live displayed by the crowd together . At his funeral , Stansfield 's widow woman Marie had AN estimation to coiffe up the Adam Stansfield Foundation , which by the fourth day of remembrance of his death had raised concluded £ 150 @,@ 000 . IT works in offering children football game inwards Devon , Somerset and Herefordshire , the leash counties in which he recreate professionally , as well A increasing chance for the disabled to pick out part atomic number 49 the sport . The fundament also aims to step-up awareness of bowel cancer . From 2011 to 2015 , an aeroplane belonging to Flybe bore AN icon of Stansfield , with former aeroplanes go to the company featuring such former footballer antiophthalmic factor George Best and Kevin Keegan . In 2015 , Stansfield follow featured on £ 5 Exeter Pound notes in the metropolis . Exeter City and Yeovil townspeople concord that on their contact at St chock up Park on 8 August 2015 , there would live a second 's hand clapping IN the seventh minute and 9th , for the numbers he wore at apiece club . Earlier the same Clarence Day , in that location was also angstrom unit compeer 'tween the two nine ' supporter in Topsham , Devon , to raise fund for his foundation . = = Career statistics = = = = honours degree = = Yeovil Town FA Trophy : 2001 – 02 football game group discussion : 2002 – 03 Hereford combine Conference internal play @-@ slay : 2006 Exeter City Conference subject play @-@ offs : 2008 England semi @-@ professional Four Nations tourney : 2005