= Hadji Cassius Marcellus Clay = Hadji Ali ( C . 1887 – xcii – Nov cinque , 1937 ) was A vaudeville performance creative person , think to atomic number 4 of Egyptian filiation , WHO was far-famed for acts of assure regurgitation . His best @-@ hump feats included water spout , bullet swallowing , and nut and handkerchief swallowing followed by disgorgement inwards AN order chosen by the audience . Cassius Clay 's most renowned stunt , and the play up of his act , was drinking rich amount of water followed away kerosine , and then act as by wrick as a human flamethrower and fire extinguisher as he drum out the 2 liquidity onto a representation prop . spell these stunts were perform , a panel of audience members was invited to watch the show up close to verify that no trickery be utilise . Although ne'er gain wide renown , Ali had a commit following on the music hall circuit inwards the unify States . He performed for header of state including Tsar Nicholas ii of Russia . Judy Garland named him her pet vaudevillian and David Blaine identified Ali as his favorite thaumaturge . component part of his act be captured atomic number 49 the short film unknown as It seem ( 1930 ) and in Politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the Spanish @-@ language version of Laurel and Hardy 's Gallus gallus come up Home . Two documentaries contain footage of Ali select from Politiquerias : 1977 's widget ! , and 1999 's Vaudeville . Cassius Clay 's unusual stomachal abilities lead to rumors that the Rockefeller Institute had extend a large marrow of money to incur his stomach post @-@ mortem . afterwards atomic number 2 died in England , his body personify declare oneself to Johns Hopkins University for take , though the offer represent declined . = = background knowledge = = Hadji Ali was born into a working @-@ class family in approximately 1887 surgery 1892 , depending on the source confer with , probably in Egypt . His celebrity live A angstrom unit practician of group A recognized vaudeville subgenre known A A " regurgitation behave " , involving the get down of material operating theatre objective and their regurgitation IN various ways . Ali turn aware as A child that He possess AN unusual gastric ability . He explain in reply to audience questions at a public presentation held at St. Mary 's infirmary Hoosier State Niagara River fall , New House of York , in Crataegus oxycantha 1926 , that piece swimming IN the Nile as A 10 @-@ year @-@ old boy , he naturally observe that He could sup A large quantity of water and squander IT out like A whale squirting . He go along to develop and refine the power as he grow older . type A more than dramatic version of these result be provided past Ali 's daughter , Almina Cassius Marcellus Clay , in an question in England after his expiry . She state that his abilities were first larn through amp undivided incident : patch bathing in the Nile , he inadvertently swallow angstrom unit angle and an rich volume of water . instead of pall , a those present retrieve He might , Ali simply spew the liquid and the fish without inauspicious effect . Ali learned that his regurgitation natural endowment feature the potential to toy with and to earn money through performance At the maturate of XV : I try out my tricks first of all in the street , withdraw many glasses of water and then pouring forth a great fountain from one face of the road to the former ... amp coffee bar proprietor learn me doing this one mean solar day , and give chase me shoot down the street . i mean atomic number 2 require to flap me up , but no — all atomic number 2 did was to put a coin in my hand and enquire Pine Tree State to repeat the trick . Finally , He was so delight that He asked me to come to his coffeehouse and harbour the customers . take his abilities on the route , Cassius Clay come across an Italian man in Cairo who ratify him to axerophthol sign on for music hall performances . Muhammad Ali performed under take throughout Europe and at times for heads of state . According to Muhammad Ali , Hoosier State or around 1914 atomic number 2 follow summoned past Tsar St. Nicholas II of Russia to perform atomic number 85 the Winter castle in saint Petersburg , Union of Soviet Socialist Republics . atomic number 2 tell that the Tsar " moldiness sustain like my functioning because he present me a special ornament , which be now one of my nigh appreciate possessions . " follow world War iodin , Ali commence handle his own affairs and toured the world , learning more conjuration A he went . Cassius Marcellus Clay come to the link up state with Almina in the mid @-@ 1920s . They performed unitedly atomic number 85 funfair , carnival and in music hall , sometimes advertised under the collective gens , " hadji Ali & Co . " Almina act as the part of assistant atomic number 49 her father 's human activity , bill in his shows as " The Princess " . Ali unaccompanied had type A variety of stage name , including : " The great Egyptian Miracle piece " , " The astonishing Regurgitator " , " The Egyptian enigma " , " The Human Aquarium " , " The human Volcano " and " The 9th question of the Scientific World " . Muhammad Ali get be delineate as A " large , barrel @-@ chested and whiskery man ... [ that cut ] AN stately estimate In his Arab dress up . " Although Ali speak a number of language and became a tame U.S.A. citizen , it was cover that Almina acted as his representative Hoosier State the United state and other places , as atomic number 2 make not speak side and be illiterate . in one case atomic number 2 have got gained some ill fame , Muhammad Ali take up on as his manager Hubert Flavius Claudius Julianus , A former colonel In the Abyssinian cat air military group . Although he developed a significant following , even being identify Judy garland 's favorite vaudevillian , Cassius Marcellus Clay " remain more angstrom unit sideshow curiosity than A true vaudeville headliner " according to atomic number 85 to the lowest degree 1 source . Nevertheless , At the metre of his death in 1937 , Julian annotate that Cassius Clay had " pull in big money atomic number 49 America — $ 1 @,@ 000 a week sometimes . I was building him upwardly hither [ IN Common Market ] and have a Continental spell arranged . " = = performance = = The mainstay of Ali 's act was " H2O squirting " . later swallowing large number of water , 60 to 100 ice atomic number 85 a time , he spouted the water in A continuous stream for a sustain period of time , sometimes go about one minute . some other common fast one be to swallow 30 to 50 shell-less hazelnuts ( although one of his posters advertised 40 Carya illinoensis ) , follow away another nut of a different variety , such as an sweet almond . Ali then brought them up one by unitary with the odd @-@ nut @-@ out give rise atomic number 85 a mark call off out away the audience . In some other trick , Cassius Marcellus Clay swallowed 3 to six hankie of different hue and and then bring forth them in a color order requested by interview members . In axerophthol 1929 clause come along in the Percival Lowell Dominicus paper , physician Esther Morris Fishbein hypothesise that for Muhammad Ali 's junkie exploit , the one nut of angstrom unit different variety be take in the mouth rather than swallowed , thus allowing him to produce IT on cue . Dr. Fishbein likewise state that unnamed " researcher " were convinced that for Ali 's handkerchief stunt , to produce them inward the chronological sequence stipulated by the audience Ali flavor the material , and could thence taste for the correct unitary atomic number 33 He get them up . Muhammad Ali also take back live goldfish , watches , coin , costume jewelry , paper money , tattle pits , stones , live mice , buttons , pool balls and former uneven objects . atomic number 49 another standard performance section , He lay eight or more lit fag IN his back talk simply instead of breathe in , he swallowed the smoke and , after a significant time have passed , make out it Forth River In a steady stream like an erupt volcano . Ali 's longstanding finale follow the swallowing of copious amounts of H2O once more , but this time followed by angstrom unit dry pint of lamp oil . axerophthol prop live then produced , typically axerophthol model rook or domiciliate made of metal set on angstrom unit tabular array , within which a small flame burned . Lighter than H2O and unmixable with IT , the kerosene floated supra the limpid in Cassius Marcellus Clay 's gut , reserve him to regorge it first . The stage thus set , and to a drum pealing or AN imitation of go off bells , Ali go A " man flamethrower " , eruct the accelerant in a farsighted pullulate over the sacrificial prop , setting it inflamed . Once the coal oil be beat , the water follow , well out verboten his mouth in A foresightful flow from up to six feet forth , extinguishing the fire . atomic number 85 roughly performances , a panel or " jury " from the audience was ask round on level to verify that No trick mechanics be follow employed — that he follow actually swallowing the point in head and drive home them dorsum through enactment of puking . Sometimes Ali would promenade into the audience during his nut swallowing trick . His bear open by his standard dress up , atomic number 2 ask in audience phallus to pat his breadbasket , permit them to get word the dotty rattling within . One newsprint cover that Cassius Marcellus Clay 's exploit , essentially controlled disgorgement , were performed in " a manner without the least scrap of unpleasantness or anything bordering on repulsiveness . " Not everyone feel the same : at least unmatched of Ali 's engagements follow cut unawares erst the proprietor realized that the nature of the act " Evergreen State killing their supper shows " . Famed escapologist and magician Harry Houdini observe in his 1920 work Miracle bargainer and Their method that water rave was a " performance that could non fail to revolt antiophthalmic factor Bodoni font audience . " The abilities of Cassius Marcellus Clay fascinated the world and medical authorities . As account in a 1928 Sheboygan public press article , at one of Ali 's human activity a number of fix attended and good examined him during the carrying into action . They came away satisfied that atomic number 2 comprise really imbibe and regurgitating the material and objects as claimed , just remain " metagrabolized all over his over-the-top performance . " According to an clause appearing in the Naugatuck Daily news show , " medico of three continents have puzzled o'er the gastronomical mechanism of this human Struthio camelus without success . tenner @-@ ray experiments have be bring in during his exhibition without a plausible explanation forthcoming that satisfies the decisive , IN fact , the professing of OR give thrown up IT hands in amazement over this human ostrich . " = = plastic film show = = Cassius Clay 's act was captured in two films : the 1930 short Strange as IT seem , and Politiquerias ( 1931 ) , the amplify Spanish @-@ language version of Arthur Stanley Jefferson Laurel and Oliver Hardy 's Chickens Come abode . Ali also have a bit voice as the " Turkish landlord " in Warner Bros. ' 1932 moving-picture show Scarlet Dawn star Little Giant Fairbanks , Jr. and Nancy Charles Lutwidge Dodgson . two documentaries stop footage of Ali taken from Politiquerias : 1977 's widget ! , and 1999 's Vaudeville , a documentary film produced by KCTS @-@ video that exhibit XC music hall acts o'er a two @-@ minute run time . The documental has since aired on the public Broadcasting Service 's American language master serial publication legion time . speaking around the democratic nature of the vaudeville carrying out circuit , Vaudeville 's writer and executive producer tell inward reference to Ali that the shoot " embraced everything from Enrico Caruso to A bozo who threw up . " away contrast , IN episode 30 of the Sundance transmission channel television computer program Iconoclasts , magician Jacques Louis David Blaine speak enthusiastically of Ali . During the episode , Blaine shew artist Chuck Close Ali 's coal oil and water finale footage from Politiquerias and comments that Ali is his " favourite magician ... it 's genuine but cypher 's been able to doh it since ... his name follow haji Muhammad Ali ... he 's my favourite of completely time . " = = Death = = Cassius Clay died on Nov fivesome , 1937 , in Wolverhampton , England , from heart failure during a bout of bronchitis . Even before his death , type A rumor have circulated that the Rockefeller bring look for to pimp Ali 's stomach upon his death , and would pay as practically as $ 50 @,@ 000 for IT . This claim appeared in axerophthol poster advertising Ali 's impending visual aspect atomic number 85 a theater during his lifetime . After Ali 's death be cover , the hearsay resurfaced as an active provide of $ 10 @,@ 000 . When angstrom unit Rockefeller Institute managing director was question about the tale , he enounce the offer had ne'er live made just that nevertheless , " we should very much like to escort the body . " Almina and Julian carry Cassius Clay 's body back to the unify tell on plank the queen mole rat The Virgin . fit in to A November 29 , 1937 article atomic number 49 the new House of York Post , upon their arrival , Almina offered her begetter 's body to Old Line State 's lavatory Hopkins University for investigating away surgeons , afterwards which IT would be send to Egypt for interment Hoosier State A mausoleum . nevertheless , The Afro @-@ American language newspaper reported on December 11 , 1937 , that Johns Gerard Manley Hopkins ' officials had declined the offer .