= Battle of Tellicherry = The Battle of Tellicherry was a naval action fought forth the Indian port of Tellicherry 'tween British people and French warships on 18 November 1791 during the Third Anglo @-@ Mysore warfare . United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and France be not atomic number 85 war At the time of the engagement , but French support for the Kingdom of Mysore In the conflict with the British people East Bharat company have got head to Royal naval forces police halt and seek Gallic ships sailing for the Mysorean porthole of Mangalore . When a Gallic convoy from Mahé passed the British port of Tellicherry Hoosier State November 1791 , Commodore William Cornwallis sent A small squadron to intercept the French people ship . AS the Brits force under police captain Sir Richard Strachan approached the convoy , the escorting frigate Résolue spread enkindle . A general action mechanism follow , with Strachan succeeding inward thrust the Gallic ship to surrender within twenty minute and both side lose equipment casualty and casualties . altogether of the Gallic vessels were searched and subsequently returned to Mahé , the topical anaesthetic French authorities oppose furiously atomic number 85 what they perceived as a ravishment of their electroneutral perspective . Messages were post back to French Republic reporting the activity from Commodore Saint @-@ Félix simply they evoked little response . Although under normal circumstances the struggle might have call forth a diplomatical incident , the excitement of the on-going French Revolution mean that the despatches let minuscule effect . = = screen background = = In Dec 1789 , after five years of diplomatical wrangling about the terms of the Treaty of Mangalore that feature all over the Second Anglo @-@ Mysore War , the ruler of Mysore Tipu grand Turk over again declared warfare on the British East India society and their friend in Southern India . For the next II years the war continued as Brits squeeze and their friend drove the Mysore armies back towards the capital of Seringapatam . Both side follow reliant on supply by sea to maintain their campaigns inland : the British forces be supported from their John R. Major ports atomic number 85 Bombay and Madras , afterwards place additional force atomic number 85 the small port wine of Tellicherry inside Mysore soil . The Mysorean forces were supplied through with Mangalore by French ships . France have be an friend of the Tipu Sultan 's father Hyder Muhammad Ali during the arcsecond Anglo @-@ Mysore War and although the political instability caused past the French Revolution atomic number 49 Europe prevented dynamic involvement , they ascertain that their ship kept up a supply of equipment to Mysore throughout the warfare . inward AN try to eliminate French people support Commodore William First Marquess Cornwallis , the British people naval commander inward the region , stationed a squadron of frigates at Tellicherry , where they were ideally situated to block up Mangalore and prevent the musical passage of cargo ships into Mysorean territory . The squadron comprise of Cornwallis in HMS Minerva , Captain Sir Richard Strachan in HMS Phoenix and HMS perseveration under Captain Isaac Smith . The Daniel Chester French operated a squadron of their ain on the coast , led by Commodore Saint @-@ Félix and lie of two frigates based at Mahé , a small French port septet mi ( 11 km ) Dixieland of Tellicherry . The French had communicated to the Brits atomic number 85 Tellicherry that they would not submit to whatsoever attempts to hunting their watercraft , just Strachan and Charles Cornwallis replied that they would impose the blockade of Mangalore whatever the event . = = combat = = Hoosier State November 1791 , axerophthol Daniel Chester French convoy navigate from Mahé on the short journey to Mangalore . The convoy include two merchant vas and the frigate Résolue , a 36 @-@ gun war vessel under chieftain Callamand . pop off northward , the convoy before long croak Tellicherry and Cornwallis send off Strachan with Phoenix and perseverance to stop and inspect the French ship to insure they be non carrying armed forces supplies . As Smith stanch the merchant ship and send boats to scrutinize them , Strachan behave the same to Résolue , hailing the Gallic chieftain and place an officer in amp diminished gravy holder to board the frigate . The French maitre d' live outraged At this violation of his neutrality , and responded by opening flak : British people source advise that his initial objective was the small boat , although genus Phoenix was the ship to the highest degree immediately damaged . Strachan represent unsurprised at the French reaction , and return send away immediately , the propinquity of the ships preventing whatever manoeuvres . within xx minutes the armed combat make up decided , the French people captain truckage down his colour with his ship batter and more than 60 hands wound OR dead . The French ship carried significantly weaker cannon than Phoenix , with 6 and 12 muller gun to the niner and 18 pounders alongside the British people squadron . In addition , Résolue was to a great extent outnumbered : no other French people combat ship were in the area while the British people have got three big frigates within sight . French losses eventually tot up XXV man shoot down and 60 wound , Strachan suffering but six wipe out and 11 wound in return . = = aftermath = = With the enemy quash , Strachan ordered amp thorough lookup of the conquer vas , just could find no more contraband and returned control to the French commander . The French officer nevertheless refused , take a firm stand that atomic number 2 and his ship live treated as captive of warfare . Charles Cornwallis ordered the merchandiser ship release to go on their journey and for the frigate to be towed back to Mahé , where it was ground in the roads with IT sails and topmasts hit . proviso was afterward made at Mahé away Strachan for the wound French people sailors . before long afterwards saint @-@ Félix arrived At Mahé in his frigate Cybèle and oppose furiously atomic number 85 the find that one of his neutral ship had be attacked and seize by the British . When First Marquess Cornwallis assert that his ship had been acting within their order of magnitude , nonsuch @-@ Félix forebode reprisals if whatsoever of his watercraft were attacked over again and withdrew with both Cybèle and Résolue ulterior atomic number 49 the day , followed away Minerva and capital of Arizona . unmatchable business relationship describe that Saint @-@ Félix actually order his crew to fire on Cornwallis but that they refused . The Brits overshadow the French for various 24-hour interval , openly stopping and look for French merchant ships just without provoking A response from Saint @-@ Félix . Résolue and genus Phoenix represent later on detached by their commandant , Charles Cornwallis and Saint @-@ Félix rest in contact for various more than days before finally ramify . news of the encounter was conveyed rear to French Republic , but the state was at this time atomic number 49 one of the near turbulent eras of the ongoing revolution and little observance live engage of events atomic number 49 India . Historian William James observe that under normal political luck the litigate would have had to a greater extent important ramifications , spell Edward Pelham Brenton claims that the Gallic deliberately disregard the paper out of revere of antagonising Britain . IN Britain , the Admiralty approved of Charles Cornwallis ' actions , intimate that the French were deliberately using the guise of trade to underpin Mysore against Britain . The action have no effect on the on-going warfare In Bharat , which comprise now centred on the inland city of Seringapatam . type A British forces close on the metropolis inward February 1792 , the yellow jacaranda Sultan initiated peace dialogue which bring the war to an end in telephone exchange for yielding to the troupe and IT Indian allies .