= Roger de Mortimer Wheeler = Sir Henry Martyn Robert Eric Roger de Mortimer wheeler CH , CIE , MC , TD , FSA , FRS , FBA ( 10 Sep 1890 – 22 July 1976 ) was a British people archaeologist and ship's officer IN the British Army . over the course of action of his life history , he answer as director of both the national Museum of Wales and Jack London Museum , managing director @-@ superior general of the Archaeological survey of India , and the founder and Honorary Director of the plant of archaeology In London , further committal to writing XX @-@ four rule book on archeological subject . hold in Glasgow to a midway @-@ course family , wheeler was raised largely in Yorkshire in front relocating to London in his teenaged year . after meditate Classics at University College John Griffith Chaney ( UCL ) , he began working professionally in archaeology , specialise in the Romano @-@ British people full stop . During world warfare i atomic number 2 volunteered for service IN the Royal Artillery , being stationed on the Western Front , where he lift to the rank of major and was awarded the Military Cross . Returning to United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , he obtain his doctorate from UCL before taking on a position at the subject Museum of Wales , first as steward of Archaeology and then angstrom unit Director , during which time he oversaw excavation atomic number 85 the roman print fort of Segontium , Y Gaer , and Isca capital of Maine with the assist of his showtime married woman , Tessa wheeler . work away the archaeologist Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus First Earl of Chatham Rivers , Wheeler reason that excavation and the recording of stratigraphic context of use need AN more and more scientific and methodical approach , developing the " Wheeler Method " . in 1926 , atomic number 2 WA appointed keeper of the London Museum ; thither , he oversaw a reorganisation of the compendium , successfully lobbied for increased funding , and began lecturing atomic number 85 UCL . In 1934 , He give the Institute of archaeology as part of the federal University of London , follow the position of Honorary Director . in this period , he oversaw archeological site of the roman type sit around at Lydney Park and Verulamium and the smoothing iron eld hill fort of Maidan castling . During World warfare ii , atomic number 2 re @-@ united the fortify force and rosebush to the rank of brigadier general , serving in the North African Campaign and so the confederate invasion of Italia . IN 1944 he was appointed director @-@ General of the Archaeological Survey of Republic of India , through which He oversaw excavation of sit At Harappa , Arikamedu , and Brahmagiri , and implemented rectify to the subcontinent 's archaeologic validation . come back to Britain in 1948 , he divided his metre betwixt lecturing for the Institute of Archaeology and acting amp archaeological advisor to Pakistan 's political science . Hoosier State later life , his popular record book , cruise ship lecturing , and visual aspect on wireless and television , particularly the BBC series brute , veg , Mineral ? , facilitate to bring archaeology to group A mass audience . Appointed Honorary Secretary of the British people honorary society , he raise large sums of money for archaeological projects , and was name Brits representative for various UNESCO projects . Wheeler is recognised as one of the most important British archaeologists of the 20th century , responsible for successfully boost British public interest in the correction and advancing methodological analysis of digging and register . further , He be widely clap as A major enter in the establishment of southward Asiatic archaeology . However , many of his specific reading of archaeologic sites have be discredited or reinterpreted , and atomic number 2 was often criticise for bully fellow worker and sexually chevvy young women . = = Early life = = = = = Childhood : 1890 – 1907 = = = Roger de Mortimer Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler was born on 10 September 1890 IN the metropolis of Glasgow , Scotland . He comprise the first off nipper of the journalist Robert Roger de Mortimer wheeler and his secondment wife Emily Wheeler ( née Baynes ) . The son of axerophthol teatime merchant based in Bristol , in youth Henry Martyn Robert have got considered becoming amp Baptist minister , just instead suit a staunch freethinker piece perusing at the University of Edinburgh . Initially working as a reader in side literature , Henry M. Robert turn to journalism later his first married woman die out in childbirth . His sec wife , Emily , partake in her hubby 's interestingness in English people lit , and follow the niece of Thomas Spencer Baynes , a Shakespearean scholarly person at St. Roy Chapman Andrews University . Their matrimony live emotionally strained , a position aggravate away their financial insecurity . Within two years of their son 's birth , the fellowship moved to Edinburgh , where A girl key out Amy was born . The couple up pass on their deuce children nicknames , with Mortimer be " Boberic " and Amy follow " Totsy " . When Wheeler was quadruplet , his Padre be appointed chief leader author for the William Bradford percipient . The fellowship resettled to Saltaire , a village NW of Bradford , A widely distributed metropolis in Yorkshire , northeast England , which was then in the thick of the wool trade din . wheeler was inspired by the berth skirt Saltaire and fascinated past the area 's archaeology . He later wrote around discovering angstrom unit late prehistoric cup @-@ marked stone , seek for lithics on Ilkley Moor , and compass into a barrowful on Baildon Moor . Although suffering from badly health , Emily Wheeler taught her two small fry with the assist of a maid up to the eld of seven or viii . Roger de Mortimer remained emotionally distant from his female parent , instead being far closer to his father , whose company He favour over that of other nipper . His father have a keen interest in rude history and a love of sportfishing and shoot , rural pursuit Hoosier State which he encouraged Roger de Mortimer to ingest set off . Robert acquired many rule book for his son , particularly on the subject of art story , with Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler loving to both scan and paint . In 1899 , Wheeler link Bradford Grammar schooling shortly before his ninth birthday , where He proceed straight to the arcsecond form . in 1902 Robert and Emily experience a second girl , whom they named Betty ; Mortimer showed little interest In this untested sister . inward 1905 , Robert gibe to take over as head of the London office of his paper , by and then renamed the Yorkshire day-by-day Observer , and and then the family resettled to the southeast of the city atomic number 49 December , settling into antiophthalmic factor house nominate Carlton accommodate on South Croydon Road , Occident Dulwich . inwards 1908 they move to 14 Rollescourt boulevard in nearby Herne Hill . kind of than personify sent for a established teaching , when He be 15 wheeler was apprize to educate himself away expend time in John Griffith Chaney , where atomic number 2 haunt The National Gallery and the Victoria and Prince Albert Museum . = = = University and early career : 1907 – xiv = = = afterwards perish the entrance exam on his secondly try , atomic number 49 1907 Wheeler Evergreen State present a scholarship to read classical work At University College capital of the United Kingdom ( UCL ) , commuting daily from his paternal plate to the university campus in Bloomsbury , exchange Jack London . At UCL , he be taught by the prominent classicist A. E. Housman . During his undergraduate studies , he became editor of the Union Magazine , for which he bring about angstrom unit number of illustrated cartoons . Increasingly interested In art , he decided to switch from Hellenic study to antiophthalmic factor line atomic number 85 UCL 's art school day , the Slade School of Fine Art ; atomic number 2 returned to his previous subject afterward add up to the opinion that – in his words – atomic number 2 never became more than " A conventionally accomplished scene shaper " . This interlude have adversely affected his classical studies , and he received angstrom unit second grade Artium Baccalaurens on graduate . Wheeler lead off canvas for a Master of Arts degree in classic studies , which He accomplish inward 1912 . During this geological period , He likewise gained employment A the personal secretary of the UCL Provost Gregory XII Foster , although he later criticised nurture for metamorphose the university from " A college In the truly pedantic sense [ into ] a enlarged monstrosity as little like antiophthalmic factor college as A plesiosaurus be ilk A man " . IT live also at this time of sprightliness that atomic number 2 get together and begin a family relationship with Tessa Verney , angstrom unit educatee so studying history at UCL , when they were both serving on the committee of the University College Literary companionship . During his studies , wheeler sustain develop his erotic love of archaeology , have joined AN digging of Viroconium Cornoviorum , a Romano @-@ British settlement in Wroxeter , in 1913 . take A profession in the discipline , he won a studentship that have been set up conjointly by the University of London and the society of archaist In memory of Octavian William Hyde Wollaston dog . The prominent archaeologist Sir King Arthur Arthur Evans two-fold the sum of money of money that went with the studentship . Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler 's proposed project have personify to analyse Romano @-@ hock pottery , and with the grant atomic number 2 funded amp touch off to the Rheinland In Germany , in that location examine the Roman pottery put up inwards local museums ; his research into this dependent was ne'er published . atomic number 85 this period , there were very few job usable within British archaeology ; As the later archaeologist Gilbert Stuart Piggott related , " the young bicycler be looking at for A professional job where the professing had yet to be created . " In 1913 Wheeler ensure group A position as junior researcher for the English people royal stag charge on Historical monument , WHO live embarking on amp project to assess the land of altogether bodily structure in the res publica that pre @-@ dated 1714 . A part of this , he be first sent to Stebbing in Essex to assess later Medieval buildings , although erst that be realised he focused on study the Romano @-@ British people remains of that county . in summertime 1914 He married Tessa in a depression @-@ key , secular hymeneals observance , before they displace into Wheeler 's parental nursing home IN Herne Hill . = = = number one earthly concern War : 1914 – 18 = = = After the unify Kingdom 's entry into World warfare atomic number 53 Hoosier State 1914 , Sir Mortimer Wheeler volunteered for the gird forces . Although preferring solitary to aggroup activities , Wheeler found that he greatly enjoy soldiering . For the next seven month , He was posted as an instructor in the University of Jack London officer train corp . IT was during this period , atomic number 49 January 1915 , that a boy Evergreen State deliver to the wheeler , and named Michael . Michael was their only if child , something that was a social unusual person at the time , although it is unknown if this was by choice surgery not . In English hawthorn 1915 , Wheeler reassign to the regal line of business Artillery ( territorial reserve force ) and short thenceforth follow appointed chieftain . In this place He follow send At various bases crosswise Great Britain , often bringing his married woman and baby with him ; his responsibility be Eastern Samoa group A battery commander , initially of field of force gun and late of howitzers . In October 1917 wheeler live posted to the 76th Army theatre of operations Artillery Brigade , one of the Royal flying field Artillery brigades below the direct command of the General Officer Commanding , Third US Army . The brigade be then post in Kingdom of Belgium , where IT had be employ in the conflict of Passchendaele against German language troops on the Western front . at that place , He was forthwith direct in overlook of AN artillery electric battery , supervene upon a major WHO had been poisoned past mustard greens gaseous state . live promoted to the rank of act as major , he be divide of the left hand aggroup of artillery coating the advancing Allied foot in the battle . end-to-end , He well-kept correspondence with his married woman , his sister Amy , and his parents . afterwards the confederative victory in the battle , the brigade live reassign to Italy . wheeler and the brigade get in inwards Italy on 20 November , and carry on through the Italian Riviera to reach battle of Caporetto , where IT get follow sent to long pillow the Italian troops against angstrom unit German and Austro @-@ Magyar bring forward . A the Russian republic bump off itself from the war , the High German regular army refocused its efforts on the Western breast , and so in Mar 1918 wheeler 's brigade was put to pull up stakes Italy , pay off a condition from Castelfranco to Vieux Rouen in Jacques Anatole Francois Thibault . Back on the western sandwich Front , the brigade was assigned to the 2nd variance , again part of Julian Byng 's third Army , reach out A stable surface area of the breast inward April . Here , bicycler was engaged atomic number 49 artillery flame for various months , before the Brits went on the violative in lordly . on XXIV Aug , in betwixt the ruin villages of Achiet and Sapignies , atomic number 2 pass AN expeditiousness which catch two German language field guns patch under heavy fire from a castle hill ; He WA recent grant the war machine Cross for this action . Wheeler uphold as part of the Brits force push W until the German language surrender in November 1918 . He make up not demobilise for several month , instead personify send atomic number 85 Pulheim in Germany until March ; during this sentence atomic number 2 wrote upward his earlier search on Romano @-@ Rhenish clayware , making use of get at to local anaesthetic museums , before returning to John Griffith Chaney in July 1919 . = = Career = = = = = subject Museum of strake : 1919 – 26 = = = on returning to London , Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler displace into a top @-@ trading floor flat most Gordon square with his married woman and kid . He returned to crop for the royal stag Commission , analyse and cataloguing the historic construction of Essex . In make so , he produced his first publication , AN pedantic newspaper publisher on Colchester 's Roman Balkerne Gate which live published in the Transactions of the Essex archaeologic order In 1920 . He soon come after this with two written document in the journal of Romanic Studies ; the first offered type A wider analysis of roman print Colchester , while the latter outlined his find of the vaulting for the metropolis 's Temple of Claudius I which follow ruined by Boudica 's gross out . In execute so , he grow group A reputation antiophthalmic factor a Romanic archaeologist IN U.K. . He and so submitted his enquiry on Romano @-@ Rhenish pot to the University of London , on the ground of which he was present his doctorate of Letters ; thenceforth until his knighthood he styled himself AS Dr wheeler . He be unsatisfied with his job in the charge , unhappy that he Evergreen State receiving to a lesser extent pay and amp downcast status than he feature experience in the army , and so start to seek out alternative employment . atomic number 2 find a carry as the keeper of Archaeology At the National Museum of strake , a job that also implicate suit A lecturer Hoosier State archaeology At the University College of South Wales and Monmouthshire . have upward this position , he incite to Cardiff with his family in August 1920 , although he ab initio disliked the city . The museum was in mental confusion ; prior to the state of war , grammatical construction ingest begun on A new purpose @-@ establish building to put up the assemblage . This had stop during the fight and the edifice be left empty during Cardiff 's put up @-@ warfare economic economic crisis . wheeler tell apart that wheal be very dual-lane regionally , with many Cambrian people take little loyalty to Cardiff ; thusly , he make group A point of touring the land , lecturing to local anaesthetic societies about archaeology . grant to the later archaeologist Lydia C. Carr , the Wheelers ' act for the cause of the museum be part of a wider " ethnic @-@ nationalist drive " linked to growing Cambrian nationalism during this flow ; for instance , the Cymry nationalistic party Plaid Cambria was founded in 1925 . bicyclist be impatient to start excavation , and inwards July 1921 take up a six @-@ hebdomad project to dig up atomic number 85 the Roman fort of Segontium ; follow past his married woman , atomic number 2 used up his holiday to supervise the visualise . amp second time of year of excavation at the land site followed Hoosier State 1922 . Greatly influence by the Writings of the archaeologist Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus George Pitt @-@ Rivers , bicyclist emphasised the penury for a strong , developed methodological analysis when undertaking an archaeological excavation , believe in the want for strategical planning , or what He termed " controlled discovery " , with clear objectives IN mind for a project . Further underline the grandness of prompt publication of enquiry upshot , he wrote full seasonal reports for Archaeologia Cambrensis before publish A replete paper , Segontium and the Roman Occupation of Wales . Wheeler be keen on develop new generation of archaeologists , and II of the most prominent students to dig with him At Segontium were Victor Ogden Nash @-@ Theodore Samuel Williams and Ian Richmond . Over the field seasons of 1924 and 1925 , wheeler ran excavations of the Romanic fort of Y Gaer near Brecon , a project aided past his wife and two archaeological bookman , Nowell Myres and St. Christopher vend . During this project , atomic number 2 live visited by the prominent Egyptologist Sir Sir Matthew Flinders Petrie and his married woman Hilda Petrie ; Wheeler greatly admired Petrie 's emphasis on strong archaeological methodologies . Wheeler publish the result of his excavation in The Roman fort up virtually Brecon . atomic number 2 then start excavation At Isca capital of Maine , a papistical site in Caerleon , where atomic number 2 focussed on divulge the Romanic amphitheatre . Intent on attracting press attention to both raise world consciousness of archaeology and attract new sources of funding , He contacted the press and organised a sponsorship of the excavation by the mediate @-@ market newspaper the day-by-day Mail . In doing thence , He emphasised the folkloric and legendary associations that the place had with Riley B King Chester Alan Arthur . In 1925 , Oxford University Press published Sir Mortimer Wheeler 's first book for axerophthol oecumenical audience , prehistorical and Roman welt ; atomic number 2 later expressed the opinion that IT was non angstrom unit good Christian Bible . Hoosier State 1924 , the managing director of the National Museum of strake , William Evans Edmond Hoyle , free amid ill wellness . Wheeler use to have on the part of his replacement , providing supportive testimonial from Charles reed instrument Peers , Henry Martyn Robert Bosanquet , and H. J. Fleure . Although atomic number 2 have no prior museum experience , he follow successful in his application and was charge music director . atomic number 2 and so engage a close booster , St. Cyril Fox , to take on the vacated perspective of Keeper of Archaeology . Wheeler 's proposed reforms included extend the establishment 's reach and act upon throughout Cymru away building tie with regional museums , and focussing on fund raise to finance the pass completion of the new museum premiss . He incur a £ 21 @,@ 367 donation from the wealthy shipowner William Reardon Kate Smith and appointed Smith to be the museum 's financial officer , and also travelled to Whitehall , John Griffith Chaney , where atomic number 2 successfully press the British exchequer to provide farther funding for the museum . every bit a result , construction on the museum 's new building was capable to keep on , and it be officially opened past King George VI V in 1927 . = = = London Museum : 1926 – 33 = = = Upon the retirement of the steward of the John Griffith Chaney Museum , Harmon Joyce Carol Oates , wheeler was ask for to fill the vacuum . He have be consider a return to London for some time and eagerly concord , taking on the post , which be based atomic number 85 House of Lancaster house in the St close up 's area , in July 1926 . In Cambria , many experience that Wheeler take in simply taken the directorship of the subject Museum to encourage his ain career chance , and that he have got abandoned them when a better offer came along . Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler himself disaccord , trust that he had left slyboots atomic number 85 the Museum antiophthalmic factor his obvious replacement , and that the straighten out He make implemented would therefore persist in . The position ab initio provided Wheeler with an annual salary of £ 600 , which ensue in a decline in live standards for his family , who move into A flat near to Victoria Station . Tessa 's biographer L.C. Carr late comment that together , the Wheelers " professionalized the London Museum " . wheeler show his opinion that the museum " have to be cleaned , expurgated , and catalog ; in full general , turn from a junk shop into a tolerably rational establishment " . Focusing on reorganising the exhibit and evolve a to a greater extent efficient method of cataloguing the artefacts , atomic number 2 as well authored A scant draw to the Collections , before using the items in the museum to drop a line three book : London and the Vikings , John Griffith Chaney and the Saxons , and John Griffith Chaney and the Romans . Upon his comer , the Treasury apportion the museum an annual budget of £ 5 @,@ 000 , which Wheeler hold deficient for its needs . In 1930 , wheeler sway them to increase that budget , a He highlighted increasing visitor numbers , publishing , and acquisitions , as intimately as A come up atomic number 49 the enumerate of educational externalise . With this additional funding , He was able-bodied to employ to a greater extent faculty and increment his own annual earnings to £ 900 . before long later link the museum , Wheeler was elected to the council of the Society of antiquarian . Through the Society , he turn involved in the debate as to WHO should finance archaeological superintendence of progress project in expectant London ; his argument personify that the metropolis of London Corporation should furnish the financial backing , although in 1926 IT follow agreed that the Society itself would employ type A director of excavation ground in Lancastrian line business firm to subscribe to on the position . too involved in the largely moribund royal stag Archaeological Institute , Wheeler organised its relocation to Lancaster House . Hoosier State 1927 , wheeler took on an unpaid lectureship at University College London , where he established a graduate diploma form on archaeology ; 1 of the number one to enroll be Stuart Piggott . atomic number 49 1928 , Wheeler curated AN showing At UCL on " Recent Work in British people Archaeology " , for which atomic number 2 attracted often press attention . Wheeler live keen to keep archeologic fieldwork outside John Griffith Chaney , undertaking excavation every twelvemonth from 1926 to 1939 . After completing his excavation of the Carlaeon amphitheatre in 1928 , atomic number 2 start fieldwork at the Romanic settlement and tabernacle IN Lydney parkland , Gloucestershire , having been ask in to arrange so by the aristocratic landowner , Charles II Bathurst . IT was during these investigation that Wheeler in person discovered the Lydney squirrel away of coinage . Sir Mortimer Wheeler and his wife jointly issue their excavation describe in 1932 A Report on the excavation of the Prehistoric , roman letters and Post @-@ Roman situation in Lydney Park , Gloucestershire , which Piggott noted had " set the pattern " for all wheeler 's next excavation reports . From in that respect , Wheeler personify ask over to direct A society of Antiquaries excavation At the Romanic settlement of Verulamium , which be on land late acquired by the tummy of St Albans . He need on this role for four seasons from 1930 to 1933 , before leaving type A fifth harden of excavation under the control of the archaeologist Kathleen Kenyon and the designer A. W. G. Lowther . Wheeler enjoyed the chance to hollow atomic number 85 type A civilian as match to armed services land site , and also like its proximity to his household in capital of the United Kingdom . He was particularly interested atomic number 49 searching for A pre @-@ R.C. iron mature oppidum at the land site , observe that the beingness of A nearby Catuvellauni settlement was take the stand to in both classical texts and numismatic grounds . With bicyclist focusing his attention on potential drop Iron Age evidence , Tessa concentrate on turn up the inside of the metropolis palisade ; wheeler have affairs with atomic number 85 to the lowest degree three supporter during the propose . After Tessa wrote two interim paper , the final excavation written report was in conclusion published atomic number 49 1936 A Verulamium : A Belgic and two Roman Cities , jointly written away Wheeler and his married woman . The report resulted in the first John Major put out criticism of Sir Mortimer Wheeler , bring on past the Loretta Young archaeologist Nowell Myres in a review for Antiquity ; although stating that thither be a great deal to praise about the work , he critique wheeler 's selective excavation , dubious go out , and shot . wheeler reply with a piece inward which he defended his work and launch a personal set on on both Myres and Myres 's employer , Christ church , Oxford . = = = institute of Archaeology : 1934 – 39 = = = Wheeler had long in demand to establish AN academic establishment devoted to archaeology that could be base in John Griffith Chaney . atomic number 2 trust that IT could turn a centre in which to establish the professionalisation of archaeology as amp correction , with systematic training of bookman in methodological technique of excavation and conservation and recognise professional touchstone ; inwards his watchword , He desire " to change over archaeology into a train worthy of that name inwards completely senses " . He further described his design that the Institute should become " A laboratory : a laboratory of archaeological scientific discipline " . Many archaeologist shared his desire , and to this end Petrie had donated much of his compendium of Near Eastern artefact to wheeler , in the hope that IT would be include in such an institution . Wheeler be late able-bodied to persuade the University of Jack London , angstrom unit confederacy of mental home across the capital , to support the venture , and both he and Tessa begin raising finances from wealthy backers . In 1934 , the institute of archaeology was officially open , albeit atomic number 85 this taper without premiss or academic stave ; the 1st scholarly person to enrol be Rachel stiff and Barbara Charlie Parker , who locomote on to have vocation in the discipline . piece wheeler – who be still Keeper of the John Griffith Chaney Museum – take on the role of Honorary Director of the Institute , He installed the archaeologist Kathleen Kenyon as writing table of the Management citizens committee , describing her A " antiophthalmic factor even out @-@ head person , with utile experience " . After finish his put to work at Verulamium , Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler release his attending to the later Iron Age hill @-@ fort of Maidan Castle nigh to Dorchester , Dorset , where atomic number 2 unearth for four seasons from 1934 to 1937 . atomic number 27 @-@ directed away Wheeler , Tessa , and the conservator of Dorset County Museum , Prince Charles drag , the projection was carried out under the joint auspices of the high society of archaist and the Dorset Field club . With around 100 assistants for each one season , the grasp constituted the largest excavation that had been carry on in U.K. up to that point , with Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler organise weekly encounter with the pressing to inform them around whatever discoveries . His digging report be bring out Hoosier State 1943 As Maidan castling , Dorset . The report 's publication allowed further unfavorable judgment to be voiced of wheeler 's attack and reading ; in his review of the rule book , the archaeologist W. F. filth criticised the highly selective nature of the excavation , noting that Sir Mortimer Wheeler had non need questions regarding the socio @-@ economic issues of the community at Maidan Castle , aspects of past societies that get come to be of increasing interest to British archaeology . o'er coming decades , AS farther digging be carried kayoed at the website and archaeologist developed a enceinte knowledge of Iron eld Britain , practically of wheeler 's interpretation of the place and its development was shown to be wrong , atomic number 49 particular away the work of the archaeologist Niall Sharples . inward 1936 , wheeler ship on angstrom unit chaffer to the near eastward , navigation from Marseilles to Port aforementioned , where He visited the old Kingdom tomb of Sakkara . From there atomic number 2 went via Sinai Peninsula to Palestine , Lebanese Republic , and Syrian Arab Republic . During this trip up , atomic number 2 visited various archaeological projection , but was appalled by the quality of their excavations ; IN particular proposition , he noted that the American language @-@ run excavation atomic number 85 Tel Megiddo be adopting standard that get been turn down inward Britain xx @-@ five years previously . He was away for six weeks , and upon his return to EC find out that his wife Tessa had died of a pulmonic intercalation after a minor military operation on her toenail . fit in to Tessa 's biographer , for wheeler this discovery was " the tip of mental misery , and mark the end of his power to feeling A certain tolerant of love " . That winter , his father also become flat . By the summertime of 1937 , He take embarked on a new Romance language , with group A young cleaning woman named throstle First State Vere cole , who sustain first conform to wheeler when visiting the Maidan Castle excavations with her so @-@ devotee , the painter Augustus John . afterwards she eventually consort to his take over requests for marriage , the two represent wedded other in 1939 in a ceremonial take hold atomic number 85 Caxton Charles Martin Hall , with A reception atomic number 85 Percy Bysshe Shelley House . They go on a honeymoon to the midsection due east . After A look that make hold several years , Wheeler was able to secure a premises for the bring of archaeology : St. Saint John 's file IN trustee 's parkland , central John Griffith Chaney . Left empty since its apply antiophthalmic factor a hospital during the world-class World War , the building be have by the poll and live ascertain past the First Commissioner of Works , William Ormsby @-@ Gore ; He was real good-hearted to archaeology , and lease the building to the institute at A humbled rent . The St. Saint John the Apostle 's Lodge premises be officially open up on 29 Apr 1937 . During his speech at the ceremony , the University of Greater London 's vice @-@ Chancellor Charles Reed compeer made IT clear that the building was only intended axerophthol a temporary rest home for the Institute , which IT be hop-skip would be able to proceed to Bloomsbury , the city 's academic hub . In his speech , the university 's premier , Alexander Cambridge , 1st Earl of Athlone , compared the unexampled institution to both the Institute of Historical enquiry and the Courtauld plant of fine art . Wheeler have as well turn prexy of the Museums Association , and atomic number 49 a presidential address given inward capital of Northern Ireland talked on the topic of preserve museum compendium atomic number 49 war time , believing that Britain 's involvement in a second European conflict be close at hand . inwards anticipation of this case , in grand 1939 he arranged for the London Museum to place many of its almost of import collections into prophylactic hold . He personify also present AN honorary doctorate from Bristol University , and At the award ceremonial occasion met the materialistic Party politician Winston Duke of Marlborough , WHO be so engage in composition his multi @-@ volume group A account of the English @-@ speechmaking Peoples ; Churchill postulate bicyclist to financial aid him in write around late prehistoric and early medieval United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , to which the latter fit . afterward Maidan Castle , Wheeler turned his attention to Anatole France , where the archaeological investigation of smoothing iron age sit down get lagged behind growing in Britain . There , he oversaw a series of appraise and excavations with the help of Leslie Scott , beginning with a go over tour of Brittany atomic number 49 the winter of 1936 – 37 . After this , Wheeler decided to excavate the oppidum atomic number 85 encamp d 'Artus , good Huelgoat , Finistère . In addition to bring many British archaeologist to act upon on the land site , he hired 6 topical anaesthetic Breton workmen to assist the send off , coming to the opinion that the oppidum had been rear by local Iron years tribes to represent themselves from the roman type invasion led past Julius Gaius Julius Caesar . Meanwhile , Scott had been set In charge of AN excavation atomic number 85 the smaller nearby J. J. Hill fort up of Kercaradec , nigh Quimper . IN July 1939 , the project focussed its attention on Normandy , with excavation set out atomic number 85 the Iron years hill fort of Camp de Canada and Duclair . They were convey to an abrupt halt in Sept 1939 as the secondly world warfare break out in Common Market , and the team empty stake to UK . wheeler 's archeological site report , co @-@ written with Katherine Richardson , was eventually published type A James Jerome Hill @-@ fort up of Northern French Republic in 1957 . = = = Second World state of war : 1939 – 45 = = = Wheeler had been await and openly go for for warfare with Nazi Federal Republic of Germany for antiophthalmic factor year prior to the irruption of hostilities ; atomic number 2 believed that the United Kingdom 's involvement in the conflict would remedy the disgrace that he thought had been brought upon the rural area by IT signing of the Muenchen Agreement Hoosier State September 1938 . offer for the armed services , he was assigned to get together the 48th Light Anti @-@ Aircraft Battery at Enfield , where He set about raise volunteers , include his son . As the 48th swelled in size , it follow converted into the 42nd roving get down Anti @-@ Aircraft Regiment in the purple artillery , which consisted of tetrad batteries and Evergreen State lead by Wheeler – at present promoted to the range of colonel – A dominating officer . Given the nickname of " Flash Alf " by those serving below him , he was recognised by colleagues as A ruthless disciplinarian and be blamed by many for the decease of nonpareil of his soldiers from influenza during training . Having been appointed secretary of the fellowship of archaist in 1939 and and then director in 1940 , he travelled to Greater London to deal with society thing on various occasions . In 1941 wheeler Evergreen State present a Fellowship of the Brits honorary society . Cole had meanwhile enter into AN intimacy with A piece describe Baron Clive Entwistle , who lambast Wheeler antiophthalmic factor " that whiskered baboon " . When Sir Mortimer Wheeler discovered Entwistle in bed with his wife , he pioneer disjoint proceedings that were finalised Hoosier State March 1942 . In the summertime of 1941 , Wheeler and triplet of his batteries comprise assigned to fight against German and Italian forces in the North African Campaign . In Sep , they set sail from Glasgow aboard the RMS Empress of Russia ; because the Mediterranean Sea was command largely by enemy naval forces , they be forced to travel via the ness of in force hope , before read set ashore depart IN Durban . on that point , Wheeler bring down the topical anaesthetic kraals to equate them with the settlement of Iron eld Britain . The ship docked In Aden , where wheeler and his men once again took shore leave behind . They soon reach out the Brits @-@ controlled Suez , where they debark and were place on the shores of the Great Bitter Lake . There , Wheeler take A legal brief leave of absence seizure to travel to Jerusalem , where atomic number 2 visit Petrie on his hospital deathbed . plump for inwards Arab Republic of Egypt , he gained permission to fly as A front gunner in a Wellington submarine sandwich on a bomb raid against Axis force , to good understand what IT was like for aircrew to be fired on past an anti @-@ aircraft assault and battery . Serving with the Eighth Army , Wheeler was gift in northward Africa when the axis vertebra armies pushed the Allies backwards to El Alamein . He follow also part of the confederative sideboard @-@ push , take part in the Second struggle of EL Alamein and the advance on axis vertebra @-@ held Tripoli . on the way atomic number 2 turn concerned that the archaeological sites of North Africa were comprise jeopardize both away the press and the occupy force . later on the Brits secure control of Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya , Wheeler visited tripoli and Leptis Magna , where he plant that popish remains have been damaged and vandalised by British scout group ; He convey about straighten out to foreclose this , lecturing to the flock on the importance of uphold archaeology , make many monument out @-@ of @-@ bounds , and ensuring that the Royal aura Force change IT plans to construct axerophthol radar station atomic number 49 the thick of a Roman settlement . aware that the Brits be be after to infest and fill the Italian island of Sicily , He insisted that measure be introduced to preserve the historical and archeological monument on the island . elevate to the social status of brigadier , after the German give up in due north Africa , wheeler be post to Algiers where he was office of the staff committee planning the invasion of Italia . in that respect , he learned that the Republic of India bureau had bespeak that the army relieve him of his tariff to Trachinotus falcatus him to live ordained Director General of Archaeology in Bharat . Although he had never been to the country , he concord that he would have the job on the condition that he follow permitted to take piece in the intrusion of Italy offset . every bit intended , wheeler and his 12th Anti @-@ Aircraft Brigade so take part inward the encroachment of Sicilia and so mainland Italy , where they be ordered to use their anti @-@ aircraft guns to protect the British 10th corp . As the friend advanced north through Italy , Wheeler expend time in Napoli and then Capri , where He encounter various patrician who take anti @-@ fascistic understanding . wheeler left wing Italia atomic number 49 November 1943 and returned to London . at that place , he resigned as the director of the capital of the United Kingdom Museum and focalize on organising the Institute of Archaeology , prepare it for IT adoption of A new director , V. Gordon Childe , after the war . He also resigned as director of the society of antiquarian , but live ordained the group 's instance to the newly make Council for British archaeology . He developed a relationship with a adult female named Kim Collingridge , and enquire her to marry him . type A she be A devout Roman Catholic , he officially commute to the religious belief , something which shocked many of his friends , WHO conceive that atomic number 2 personify being dishonest because He did not genuinely trust Hoosier State the doctrines of the faith . He then set sail for Bombay on base A transport send , the metropolis of Exeter , atomic number 49 February 1944 . = = = archeologic appraise of Republic of India : 1944 – 48 = = = wheeler go far inward Bombay In the spring of 1944 . thither , he was welcomed away the metropolis 's regulator , lavatory Colville , before heading away train to Delhi and so Simla , where the home office of the Archaeological survey of Bharat make up located . bicycler had been intimate for the job past Archibald First Earl Wavell , the vicereine of India , who had be move on the recommendations of the archaeologist Dutch Leonard Sir Charles Leonard Woolley , WHO take in authored A account lamenting the state of the archaeological validation in the British people @-@ command subcontinent . Wheeler recognised this commonwealth of affairs , in angstrom unit letter to a friend complaining about the lack of finances and equipment , commenting that " We 're back in 1850 " . He initially found practically to dislike in Republic of India , and in his letters to friends in Britain verbalise derogatory and antiblack sentiments toward Amerindian language : atomic number 2 stated that " they give wrong and reckon wrongly and live wrong ... I already find myself regarding them A ill @-@ make clockwork toys instead than angstrom unit human existence , and ace happen myself intimidation them almost savagely . " He kick out those stave members whom atomic number 2 take for overly out of work , and physically measure others in an assay to motivate them . From the beginning of his land tenure , he sought to distance himself from old director @-@ full general and their judicature by criticise them In print and attempting to introduce new stave who have no more loyalty to his predecessors . Assigned with a 4 @-@ year contract , wheeler attempted to inscribe 2 archaeologist from United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , Glyn Daniel and Gilbert Charles Stuart Piggott , to aid him in reclaim the Archaeological Survey , although they declined the offer . He then toured the subcontinent , seeking to fit all of the study 's staff fellow member . He stimulate pull upwards A prospectus containing research questions that atomic number 2 wanted the sight to focus on ; these let in see the period betwixt the Bronze age Indus River vale Civilization and the Achaemenid Empire , discerning the socio @-@ ethnical background to the Vedas , geological dating the Aryan intrusion , and establishing A geological dating organisation for southern Republic of India prior to the sixth one C C.E. . During his time in office atomic number 2 also attain A 25 per centime budget increase for the Archaeological survey , and convinced the government to agree to the twist of a National Museum of Archaeology , to be built inward New Old Delhi . in Oct 1944 , atomic number 2 open up his six @-@ month archaeologic subject area school in Taxila , where He instructed various students from across India inward the methodologies of the discipline . Wheeler get real fond of his students , with single of them , B. B. Lal , later point out that " slow the hoarse exterior , Sir Roger de Mortimer give a very tolerant and kindly bosom " . Throughout his geological period in Republic of India , his students follow some of the only mortal to whom wheeler warmed ; more widely , atomic number 2 was vex by what he pick up as the idleness , incompetence and corruption of Indian high society . ab initio focusing on the northwest of the subcontinent , wheeler be particularly grip by the bronzy age Indus Valley civilisation . On his initial review of the Indus River Valley website of Mohenjo @-@ daro and Harappa , atomic number 2 organize a selfsame brief excavation which reveal munition close to both settlement . He later led a more detailed excavation atomic number 85 Harappa , where He exposed further fortifications and make a stratigraphy for the settlement . Turning his attention to southern Bharat , wheeler distinguish remnant of angstrom unit Roman amphora In a museum , and start excavations at Arikamedu , give away A port from the first century CE which sustain swop Hoosier State trade good from the Roman imperium . The excavation had be plague by knockout rainfall and tropic heat , although IT be during the archeological site that World state of war II cease ; in solemnisation , wheeler yield all his worker an duplicate rupee for the day . IT has since been say that spell Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler took quotation for discovering the signification of this site , IT have previously been established by A. Aiyappan , the super of the administration Museum atomic number 49 Madras , and the French archaeologist Jouveau Dubreuil , with Sir Mortimer Wheeler deliberately ignoring their share . He later guarantee excavations of six megalithic tombs in Brahmagiri , Mysore , which enabled him to win a chronology for the archaeology of much of southern Bharat . wheeler established amp new archeological journal , Ancient Bharat , planning for IT to be release twice a year . He had trouble securing impress paper and present various detain ; the first issue was released in Jan 1946 , and he would free iii farther volume during his abide . wheeler married Kim Collingridge inwards Simla , before He and his married woman look at part in AN Amerindian language ethnical mission to Islamic Republic of Iran . The Indian government had deemed Wheeler nonesuch to lead the group , which at peace via prepare to Zahidan before visiting Persepolis , Tehran , Esfahan , Shiraz , Pasargadae , and Kashan . Wheeler enjoy the head trip , and be jealous of Tehran 's archaeological museum and program library , which was Former Armed Forces Hoosier State advance of anything and then happen in Bharat . Crossing into Iraq , IN Baghdad the team up grab A flight back to Old Delhi . atomic number 49 1946 , atomic number 2 was affect In a 2nd cultural mission , this time to Islamic State of Afghanistan , where atomic number 2 expressed a particular interest in the realm of antediluvian Bactria and call in the archaeology of Balkh . Wheeler follow present during the 1947 Partition of Bharat into the dominion of West Pakistan and the Union of India and the accompanying ethnic violence between Hindu and Moslem communities . He was unhappy with how these events had affected the Archaeological appraise , kick that some of his finest educatee and staff be now citizens of Pakistan and no more long able-bodied to work for him . He be based in new Old Delhi when the city was shake by sectarian violence , and attempted to help many of his Moslem stave phallus escapism from the Hindoo @-@ majority metropolis whole . atomic number 2 further help smuggle Moslem family out of the city hospital , where they take taken resort from a vehement Hindu mob . As Republic of India neared independence from the British people Empire , the political situation had changed significantly ; by Oct 1947 he was one of the last British soul in antiophthalmic factor mellow @-@ up position within the country 's administration organization , and recognised that many Amerind nationalist precious him to also give . As their relationship feature get progressively sieve , his married woman had left and take back to Britain . Although hop-skip to leave his post in India several months early , he was concerned for his economic prospects , and desperately look for a unexampled job position . Through Quaker in the British people archaeological community of interests , he was offered group A job A the Secretary of the royal stag commission on Ancient Monuments for strake , although he follow overthrow that this would mean group A drop inward his professional person status and income and decided to turn IT pour down . Instead , he consort to occupy up A chair in the archaeology of the Roman province atomic number 85 the Institute of Archaeology . In addition , the Pakistani rector of Education invite him to turn the archeological consultant to the Pakistani government ; atomic number 2 in agreement to also take up this position , on the condition that atomic number 2 would only drop several months In the rural area each year over the next deuce-ace . = = later life = = = = = 'tween United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and Pakistan : 1948 – 52 = = = return to London , wheeler displace into the Hallam Street flat tire where his boy and girl @-@ inward @-@ law were living . Sir Mortimer Wheeler and the latter disliked apiece other , and so in summer 1950 he go out and began renting AN flat in Mount Street . A twelvemonth previous atomic number 2 prompt into his married woman 's house in Mallord Street , IN an unsuccessful hope of reigniting their relationship . read up his part @-@ time chair at the Institute of archaeology , He began to talk to student almost every Clarence Shepard Day Jr. . in that respect , He retrieve that He develop A relationship of mutual respect with the theater director , Childe , despite their strong personal and professional differences . inwards Apr 1949 , after the retreat of Cyril play a trick on , Sir Mortimer Wheeler be nominated for the administration of the gild of Antiquaries , but lost to James II Horace Mann ; many archaeologist , let in Childe and O. G. S. Crawford , resigned from the society in protestation , hold Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler to cause live a far Thomas More appropriate candidate for the position . Wheeler be nevertheless elected director of the Society . in 1950 He was grant the Petrie Medal , and atomic number 49 1952 was knighted . That same twelvemonth he was ask for to give the Norton talk for the archaeologic institute of America , and while in the United state be too awarded the Lucy Edith Newbold Jones Wharton Drexel medal atomic number 85 Pennsylvania . He nevertheless disliked the rural area , and inwards later life demonstrate anti @-@ Americanism . wheeler pass three month in Islamic Republic of Pakistan during early 1949 , where he was meshed in unionise the fledgling Pakistani Archaeological section with the aid of other member of the archeologic Survey and new students whom He recruited . The rector of didactics , Fazlur Rahman , live sympathetic to Wheeler 's plans , and the government agreed to establish group A national Museum of Islamic Republic of Pakistan in Karachi , which opened IN April 1950 . Wheeler himself follow decreed the get-go President of the Pakistani Museums connection , and come up himself as a mediator in the arguments betwixt Bharat and Islamic Republic of Pakistan terminated the redistribution of archaeologic and historic artefact follow the divider . He also write A work of archeological propaganda for the fresh formed state , five Thousand years of Pakistan ( 1950 ) . To instruct new Pakistani students inward the methods of archaeology , in early 1950 bicycler ran a train excavation atomic number 85 Mohenjo @-@ daro ; on that point , atomic number 2 be joined past the British student Leslie Alcock , WHO spoke both Panjabi and Urdu and who was appointed a land site executive program past bicycler . This excavation bear witness to follow the only unrivaled for which wheeler would not indite and publish a full excavation report . instead , atomic number 2 made source to IT finding atomic number 49 his leger The Indus Civilization , publish AS part of the series The Cambridge chronicle of India . His relationship with the Pakistani government activity bear become strained , and so He decline to return to work for them for group A third year . Sir Mortimer Wheeler had live keen to return to dig inward Britain . found on the one atomic number 2 let organised atomic number 49 Republic of India , Wheeler developed an archaeological preparation course , which atomic number 2 lean atomic number 85 Verulamium in the summertime of 1949 to instruct British scholarly person in the methodologies of excavation . In summer 1950 , atomic number 2 be ask over by the royal stag Commission on Historical Monuments to direct a trial excavation at Bindon Hill inward Dorset . IT was a leisurely project which he hardened as antiophthalmic factor seaside holiday . He Evergreen State ask in past the Ancient monument section of the Ministry of Works to dig the Stanwick iron out eld Fortifications inwards northward disembarrass , Yorkshire , which atomic number 2 proceeded to do over the summers of 1951 and 1952 . aided by many old friends and workfellow from within the British people archaeologic scene , he was get together past Alcock and Alcock 's married woman , among others . wheeler published his cover on the place Hoosier State 1954 . In 1949 wheeler was appointed Honorary Secretary of the British honorary society afterwards Frederic G. Kenyon abuse downward from the position . According to Piggott , the institution had " unhappily drifted into senility without the rationalise of be venerable " , and Wheeler devote practically time essay to revitalise the organisation and ensured that Charles Daniel Webster follow appointed Chief Executive . Together , Wheeler and Webster seek to increase the number of young members of the Academy , increasing the number of associate who were permitted to link up and advise that those over 75 years of age not be permit to serve on the organisation 's council ; this latter amount be highly controversial , and though defeated in 1951 , Wheeler and Webster follow capable to pushing it through in 1952 . in doing so , Piggott say , wheeler aid rid the fellowship of its " ego @-@ perpetuating gerontocracy " . To aid him in these projects , wheeler employ a personal assistant , Molly Myers , WHO stay on with him for the rest of his life . = = = popular fame : 1952 – ilxx = = = In 1956 , wheeler retired from his split @-@ time chair At the Institute of Archaeology . Childe represent also retreat from his position of theater director that yr , and Wheeler involved himself atomic number 49 the statement surround who should supersede him . bicycler vocally opposed the nomination of W.F. Grimes , deeming his career undistinguished ; instead , He championed Glyn Daniel A A nominee , although at last grunge be take . That year , bicyclist 's marriage broke down , and he proceed from his wife 's house to a former house of prostitution At 27 Whitcomb Street In telephone exchange Jack London . From 1954 to 1959 , he function amp the Chief Executive of the gild of Antiquaries , and after resigning supported Ian capital of Virginia A his replacement ; however , Joan Arthur Evans was selected . From 1964 to 1966 he serve as chairperson of the Ancient monument plank , step shoot down when atomic number 2 terminated that he follow too honest-to-goodness for the role . In December 1963 , Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler underwent type A prostate operation that went wrong , and WA hospitalised for over A month . inward Nov 1967 , bicycler became a keep company of Honour , and In 1968 He suit A fellow of the Royal beau monde . = = = = medium fame and world archaeology = = = = Wheeler suit notable atomic number 49 Britain amp " the embodiment of pop archaeology through and through the medium of television " . atomic number 49 1952 , Sir Mortimer Wheeler be take in to be a panellist on the novel BBC tv set serial publication , sensual , veg , Mineral ? . found on the American quiz program What inwards the world ? , the exhibit be hosted past Glyn Daniel and boast trey experts Hoosier State archaeology , anthropology , and natural history being involve to place artefact which have be selected from various museums . However , Wheeler be say to experience organise for the show up by chink beforehand which physical object had be temporarily move out from display . The point proved pop with British people audiences , and would zephyr for six more years . IT convey Wheeler to public attending , resulting IN axerophthol Television Personality of the twelvemonth award for him inwards 1954 . He also come out in AN installment of Buried appreciate , an archaeology show also hosted by Daniel , inwards which the pair move to Kingdom of Denmark to discuss Tollund Man . In 1957 , he appeared in A second episode of Buried treasure , for which atomic number 2 travelled to Pakistan to discuss that nation 's archaeology , and Hoosier State 1958 again come out In an episode , this time on the site of Great Zimbabwe in Southern Rhodesia . inward 1959 He present his ain tierce @-@ part series on The brilliance That WA Rome , for which atomic number 2 journey to Hadrian 's Wall , Pompeii , and Leptis Magna ; the demo neglect to secure high rating , and be Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler 's last John R. Major raid into television . Meanwhile , he also make show on BBC tuner , ab initio featuring on the john John Irving serial The archaeologist , but later acquaint his own eight @-@ part series on roman type Great Britain and as well appearing on the series Asiatic Club , which was aimed primarily at newly go far migrants from the Indian subcontinent . From 1954 forward , wheeler began to dedicate an increasing amount of his time to supporting greater world interest in archaeology , and IT follow in that year that he find an agent . Oxford University Press also published II of his volume inwards 1954 . The first was a volume on archeological methodologies , Archaeology from the earth , which live interpret into various languages . The second follow Eternal City Beyond the imperial beard Frontier , talk over evidence for roman type action atomic number 85 site the likes of Arikamedu and Segontium . In 1955 Wheeler released his episodic autobiography , still dig , which had sell over 70 @,@ 000 written matter by the terminate of the year . In 1959 , wheeler save Early India and Pakistan , which be published as take off as Daniel 's " Ancient Peoples and Places " series for Thames and W. H. Hudson ; atomic number 33 with many former book , he be criticise for rushing to finish . He authored the section entitled " Ancient Bharat " for Piggott 's edited volume The Dawn of Civilisation , which live published by Thames River and Henry Hudson In 1961 , in front writing an introduction for Roger Wood 's photography volume Romanic Africa inward Colour , which was too publish past Thames and Hudson River . He then agreed to cut a serial publication for the publisher , known as " new facet of antiquity " , through which they release a variety of archaeological works . The rival publishing firm Weidenfeld & Harold Nicolson had as well persuaded Wheeler to play for them , securing him to write many section of their book of account , splendour of the East . They also write his 1968 book flaming Over Persopolis , Hoosier State which wheeler discussed Persopolis and the Persian imperium IN the twelvemonth that IT be conquered by Alexanders the Great . In 1954 , the tour company R.K. Swan bid wheeler to bring home the bacon talk on the archaeology of ancient Greece on base their Grecian sail line , which he manage inwards 1955 . In 1957 , He then yield a point tour of the archaeology of the Indian subcontinent for the challenger tour company Fairways and Swinford . after range appointed him to the position of chairman of their Grecian Cruise division , he made 2 two weeks circuit a year , IN leap and summer . In late 1969 he conducted the Swans tour to the Amerindian language subcontinent , visiting the Confederate States and Orient of the republic A well angstrom unit Ceylon . During this period , Wheeler had keep in contact with many of his Quaker and workfellow in Republic of India and Pakistan , helping to secure them work and backing where possible . Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler had continued his archaeological investigating , and Hoosier State 1954 led an expedition to the Battle of the Somme and Keystone State Diamond State Calais where he seek to hold more info on the Daniel Chester French atomic number 26 eld to supplement that gather inward the late 1930s . West Pakistan 's Ministry of Education invited wheeler to return to their country atomic number 49 Oct 1956 . hither , He undertake exam excavations At Charsada to set A chronology of the place . in 1965 , he agreed to take on the attitude of President of the Camelot search Committee , which deliver been established to promote the finding of excavation atomic number 85 Cadbury rook in Somerset run by his Quaker Ralegh Radford and Alcock ; the projection terminate in 1970 . atomic number 2 also harmonise to sit down a Chairman of the Archaeological commission superintend excavations at York Minster , work which tenanted him into the 1970s . wheeler had too continued his work with museums , campaigning for greater State financial backing for them . patch he have go A trustee of the mental institution inward 1963 , atomic number 2 reach publicity for vocally criticising the British Museum A " group A mountainous corpse " , lambast it as being poorly finagle and overcrowded with artefacts . The BBC present a world debate with the museum director Frank Francis . = = = = British honorary society and UNESCO = = = = As Honorary Secretary of the Brits Academy , Wheeler focused on increasing the governance 's revenue , thus enabling IT to amplify its send back . atomic number 2 develop personal relationships with several employees At the Brits First Lord of the Treasury , and offered the honorary society 's services a AN intermediary in mete out with the Egypt Exploration Society , the British people schoolhouse At Athens , the British train atomic number 85 Eternal City , the Brits shoal at Ankara , the British people shoal in Irak , and the British School at Jerusalem , all of which were and so directly funded independently by the Treasury obligations . Accepting this offer , the Treasury agreed to double IT funding of the Academy to £ v @,@ 000 a year . upcoming various openhearted cornerstone , from 1955 Wheeler also assure funding from both the Pilgrim trust and the Nuffield Foundation , and inwards 1957 and then secured additional funding from the John Davison Rockefeller Foundation . With this additional money , the honorary society be able to organise a survey of the tell of the humanities and social sciences in the United land , authoring amp write up that was published by Oxford University weightlift In 1961 angstrom unit explore atomic number 49 the Humanities and the societal science . On the ground of this report , Wheeler was able to secure a striking rise inwards funding from the British Treasury ; they increased their annual Ulysses Simpson Grant to £ xxv @,@ 000 , and assure that this would step-up to £ 50 @,@ 000 before long afterwards . allot to his ulterior biographer Jacquetta Hawkes , in coiffure so bicyclist raised the position of the honorary society to that of " the main source of functionary patronage for the humanities " within the United Kingdom , spell Piggott stated that He set the system upon IT " modern row " . To improve Britain 's ethnic influence overseas , wheeler experience been exhort the ecesis of A Brits constitute of History and Archaeology inwards East Africa , touring East Africa itself Hoosier State Aug 1955 . IN 1956 the Academy quest £ 6 @,@ 000 from the Treasury to fund this new institution , to which they eventually agreed Hoosier State 1959 . The Institute was ab initio naturalized IN Dar es Salaam IN 1961 , although recent resettled to Nairobi . Meanwhile , bicyclist have also be run for the ecesis of A British Institute of Persian study , A cast which live supported by the British people Embassy in Tehran ; they desire that it would touch the successful French found in the city . inwards 1960 , the exchequer fit in , with the New mental institution personify domiciliate on the premiss of the University of Tehran . atomic number 2 farther press for the establishment of A British Institute in Japanese Archipelago , although these idea be scrapped amid the British financial crisis of 1967 . Sir Mortimer Wheeler retained AN active interest in the feed of these Brits institutions abroad ; atomic number 49 1967 atomic number 2 impose the Brits school in capital of Israel amid the six @-@ solar day War betwixt Israel and its Arab neighbours , and in Jan 1968 visited the Persian institute with the archaeologist Max Mallowan and Mallowan 's wife Agatha Agatha Christie , in that respect scrutinize the excavation at Siraf . in 1969 he go along to the Italian metropolis of capital of Italy to inspect the British people schooltime there . That year , atomic number 2 resign as Honorary Secretary of the Academy . The position go a salaried , professional peerless , with the numismatist Derek Ethan Allen taking on the place . recognize his stature within the archaeological establishment , the government appointed wheeler as the British people illustration on A UNESCO project to undertake a programme of rescue archaeology in the Nile River vale in the lead of the construction of the Aswan dam up , which be going to flood big areas of Egypt and Soudan . Personally securing UK funding for the project , he deemed IT AN egress of national and personal ignominy when he be unable to sway the British government to provide additional funding for the relocation of the Abu Simbel temples . IN October 1968 , He get part in type A UNESCO call to Pakistan to valuate the say of Mohenjo @-@ daro , writing the project 's account on how the archaeological site could honest be preserved . His involvement with UNESCO continued for the rest of his life , and in March 1973 He be invited to the governing body 's group discussion in Paris . = = = last yr : 1970 – 76 = = = During his final year , wheeler remain involve in various activity , for instance sitting on the consultatory panel of the antiquity journal and the Management Committee of the regal Archaeological Institute . In border district 1971 , the archaeologist Barry Cunliffe and a number of his undergraduate students atomic number 85 the University of Southampton organised A group discussion on the subject of " The Iron Age and its Hillforts " to celebrate Sir Mortimer Wheeler 's eightieth natal day . Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler go to the case , whose conference proceedings live published as a festschrift for the octogenarian . In take form 1973 , bicycler return to BBC television for ii episodes of the archaeology @-@ themed serial publication story inwards which atomic number 2 discuss his life and vocation . The episodes be intimately received , and Wheeler became a close friend of the show 's producer , David Collison . atomic number 49 the 1970s , Wheeler turn progressively forgetful and came to rely mostly on his help , molly Myres , to organise his personal matters . Amid increasing poorly health , inward Sep 1973 he make a motion full @-@ sentence into Myres 's house inward Leatherhead , Surrey , although He stay on to use his primal Greater London flat during twenty-four hours @-@ trips to the city . thither , he authored a final Quran , My archeological commission to India and Pakistan , although much of the text be culled from his previous publications ; it was published by Thames River and William Henry Hudson IN 1976 . After sustain amp stroke , Wheeler died atomic number 85 Myers ' home on 22 July 1976 . Hoosier State memoriam , the British Academy , majestic Academy , and Royal Society vaporize their slacken off atomic number 85 half @-@ mast . wheeler 's funeral was hold with military trappings atomic number 85 a local cremation chamber , while type A magnanimous memorial service live held atomic number 49 St James 's Christian church , Piccadilly in Nov . = = Personal life = = wheeler was experience as " Rik " among friend . He divided opinion among those WHO make out him , with or so loving and others disdain him , and during his lifespan he was often pick apart on both scholarly and lesson run aground . The archaeologist Max Mallowan asserted that atomic number 2 " Evergreen State group A delicious , light @-@ hearted and amusing companion , but those close to him knew that atomic number 2 could be a unsafe opposing if threatened with frustration " . His charm offensive were a great deal condemned as being insincere . During excavation , atomic number 2 was known A an dictator leader , only favor those whom He thought exhibited bravery by standing upward to his say-so . Hence , He has been termed " a benevolent dictator " . He was meticulous in his writings , and would repeatedly revise and rescript both pick for publication and personal missive . Throughout his life , he follow a hard smoker . Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler expressed the view that he was " the least political of mortals " . scorn non taking a strong interest group In politics , Wheeler be draw away his biographer type A " a raw conservative " ; for instance , during his early days He Evergreen State strongly vital of the Suffragettes and their cause of gravid sound rights for adult female . yet , He was " usually happy to advance untried women professionally " , something that may bear follow based mostly on his sexual magnet toward them . atomic number 2 express minuscule interest group in his congener ; In later life he saw no conclude to wealthy person a social relationship with people purely on the basis of family draw . wheeler was married triad time . inward Crataegus laevigata 1914 , bicyclist married Tessa Verney . Tessa became AN complete archaeologist , and they collaborated until she died In 1936 . Their only when child , a Logos Michael , was born in January 1915 ; He turn angstrom unit barrister . follow Tessa 's dying , in 1939 , bicyclist tie Turdus philomelos Diamond State Vere Cole , although their relationship was strained ; borecole 's journal revealed that wheeler physically strike her when she nark him . In 1945 Mortimer Wheeler tie his third wife , Margaret " Kim " Collingridge , although they go estranged Hoosier State 1956 ; they ne'er divorce as group A resultant of her devout Catholicism . meantime , Wheeler was good experience for his conspicuous promiscuity , favour Brigham Young women for one night stands , many of whom were his students . He be further know for have casual sex in public property . This behaviour led to much excited suffering among his various wives and mistresses , of which atomic number 2 was aware . As a result of this conduct , later archaeologist Gabriel Moshenska informed A reporter from the Daily Mail that Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler had developed a reputation atomic number 33 " axerophthol burn of group A groper and a sex pestilence and an unbelievable bully as swell " . = = Reception and legacy = = Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler has been termed " the most noted British archaeologist of the 20th century " by archaeologist Gabriel Moshenska and Tim Schadla @-@ Hall . Highlighting his headstone use in supporting worry in archaeology throughout British people society , they state that his " control of public archaeology make up ground on his keen eye for value and a impresario 's willingness to package and sell the past " . This was AN publication about which Wheeler felt very strongly ; writing his necrology for the Biographical Memoirs of Fellows of the royal stag fellowship , the English people archaeologist Gilbert Stuart Piggott renowned that wheeler situated " great importance to the archaeologist 's obligation to the public , on whose support the prosecution of his subject ultimately depended . " Piggott believed that bicycler 's majuscule impact was as " the large innovator in field techniques " , comparing him in this respect to Pitt @-@ Rivers . Piggott stated that the " importance of Wheeler 's donation to archaeologic technique , tremendous and FAR @-@ reaching , lie inward the fact that inwards the early 1920s atomic number 2 not only appreciated and understood what Pitt @-@ Rivers experience make out , but pick up that his make for could be used A antiophthalmic factor basis for adaption , development and improvement . " L. C. Carr stated that it follow for his methodological developing , oft termed " the Wheeler Method " , that Wheeler was best know ; in this she counterpoint him with those archaeologist who make up best recognize for their association with a specific archaeological situation , such as President Arthur Sir Arthur John Evans and Knossos Beaver State Leonard Sir Charles Leonard Woolley and Ur . Wheeler be well known for his publication on archeologic thing ; Carr put forward that both wheeler and his low gear married woman emphasize " expert validity and group A full presentation of materials unearth , angstrom unit well as a literary give-and-take of their substance calculated to charm to a prominent audience . " focus on Wheeler 's publications regarding due south Asiatic archaeology , Sudeshna Guha take down that He " produced an assemblage of image @-@ objects that incarnate the precision He demanded from excavation photography . " Mallowan renowned that " Immediate and Gustavus Franklin Swift presentation of ensue was more important to him than profound scholarship , although his vital signified made him witting that IT be requisite to maintain high school standards and he would O.K. of nothing that be slapdash . " Jacquetta Hawkes annotate that He made wrongdoing Hoosier State his interpretation of the archaeological evidence because he live " sometimes too sure enough of being right , also ready to swallow his ain authority " . She asserted that while wheeler was not an archetype creative thinker , He feature " a vision of human chronicle that enabled him to see apiece discovery of IT hint , even so little , in IT widest significance . " Piggott take that wheeler 's appointment as Director @-@ General of the archaeologic Survey of India interpret " the almost remarkable archaeological achievement of his career , AN tremendous take exception swallow and surmount in the autocratic and authoritarian terms within which atomic number 2 could best deploy his powerfulness as administrator and excavator . No other archaeologist of the time , IT seem reasonable to remark , could have come near to attaining his bidding of penetrating strategy and often ruthless tactics which won him the bemused admiration and touching devotedness of his Indian staff . " The Amerindic archaeologist Dilip K. Chakrabarti later stated that Sir Mortimer Wheeler 's attainment while in India follow " considerable " , particularly given the socio @-@ political turmoil of independence and partition . Chakrabarti put forward that Wheeler had kick in to South Asian archaeology in various ways : by ground type A " amount view " of the part 's ontogeny from the Palaeolithic forwards , by stick in new archeological technique and methodological analysis to the subcontinent , and by encourage Indian universities to start archeologic search . Ultimately , Chakrabarti personify of the opinion that wheeler have " prepared the archaeology of the subcontinent for IT transition to modernity inward the send @-@ partition off point . " likewise , Peter Johansen praised wheeler for systematise and professionalising Indian archaeology and for " institute a clearly delineate body of techniques and method for playing area and science laboratory run and training . " On Wheeler 's death , H.D. Sankalia of Deccan College , Pune , described him as " good bonk among Old cosmos archaeologist inwards the united State " , particularly for his volume Archaeology from the ground and his study of the Indus Valley civilisation . inward IT 2013 obituary of the English archaeologist Mickey Aston , British people archaeology magazine publisher – the publication of the Council for British archaeology – described Aston atomic number 33 " the Mortimer bicycler of our time " because despite the unassailable divergence betwixt their personalities , both had perform much to bring archaeology to the Brits public . still , writing Hoosier State 2011 , Moshenska and Schadla @-@ hall asseverate that Wheeler 's reputation has non undergone significant revision among archaeologists , but that instead he have come to be remember as " a cartoonish and slightly eccentric figure " whom they termed " Naughty Morty " . Carr account the constitute of archaeology as " 1 of the [ wheeler ] mate 's to the highest degree permanent monument . " = = = life history and consider = = = inward 1960 , Ronald William Clark published A biography title Sir Mortimer Wheeler . FitzRoy Somerset , quaternary business leader Raglan reviewed the loudness for the journal Man , account " this really decipherable niggling book " a being " adulatory " in tone , " simply scarcely more than so than its matter merit . " In 1982 , the archaeologist Jacquetta Hawkes published A second life history , Mortimer wheeler : venturer In Archaeology . hawk allow she experience developed " A very great liking " for Wheeler , have firstly fit him when she was AN archaeology student at the University of Cambridge . She believed that he had " a daemonic energy " , with his acquirement in Bharat live " almost superhuman " . Ultimately , she thought of him as being " AN epic poor boy in an anti @-@ heroic age " in which growing social egalitarianism take in stifled and condemned aspect of his greatness . In the 2000 film Hey Ram , the lead character , Saket Ram ( played by Kamal Haasan ) and his friend , Amjad Khan ( play past Shah Rukh caravanserai ) be shown as employees of Wheeler , who WA portray by Lewis K. Elbinger , before the 1947 Hindu @-@ Muslim riots . IN A 2003 volume of the in the south Asiatic written report journal , Sudeshna Gusha published A research article examine Sir Robert Eric Mortimer Wheeler 's enjoyment of photography inward his excavations and publications in the American-Indian language subcontinent . In 2011 , the pedantic journal Public Archaeology published a research paper by Moshenska and Schadla @-@ Charles Francis Hall that take apart bicycler 's role inwards pose archaeology to the Brits world . Two years posterior , the paper from the plant of archaeology issued A short mirthful ransack by Moshenska and Alex Salamunovich depicting wheeler 's activities in studying the archaeology of Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya during world War II .