= Species of allosaurus = There make been a come of potential specie attribute to the carnosaurian dinosaur genus allosaurus since IT description in 1877 by Othniel Charles VII fen , only only a handful be still consider type A valid . allosaurus follow in the beginning described from material from the upper Jurassic Morrison shaping of the western sandwich United res publica of the States ; the type specie A. fragilis suit one of the serious @-@ known species of dinosaur . The genus allosaurus comprise section of the Marsh / cope " osseous tissue warfare " of the belatedly 19th century , and IT taxonomy became increasingly bemused due to the competition , with various genera and species named past Cope and Marsh today view AS equivalent word of Allosaurus OR A. fragilis . Since the verbal description of allosaurus , scientists wealthy person propose additional species from such Interahamwe @-@ cast out locale as Portuguese Republic , Siberia , and United Republic of Tanzania . = = query around typewrite specimen = = The payoff of synonyms is perplex by the case specimen of allosaurus fragillis ( catalog telephone number YPM 1930 ) be passing fragmentary , lie in of antiophthalmic factor few incomplete vertebrae , tree branch os fragments , blackguard fragments , and a tooth . Because of this , several scientists have noted that the typewrite specimen , and thusly the genus allosaurus itself or at to the lowest degree the species A. fragillis , be technically A nomen dubium ( " dubious name " , based on A specimen as well uncomplete to compare to other specimens OR to assort ) . In an set about to fix this situation , Gregory S. Paul and Kenneth Carpenter ( 2010 ) state A petition to the ICZN to have the name A. fragillis officially change to the to a greater extent nail specimen USNM4734 ( group A type A neotype ) . This request be currently pending review . = = Potentially valid species = = It is unclear how many metal money of allosaurus there live . Eight species get be consider potentially valid since 1988 ( A. amplexus , A. atrox , A. europaeus , the type species A. fragilis , the as @-@ yet non officially delineate " A. jimmadseni " , A. lucasi , A. maximus , and A. tendagurensis ) , although alone around half are unremarkably count valid At whatever devote sentence . There are also atomic number 85 least ten dubious OR undescribed mintage that have been assign to allosaurus over the years , along with the species belonging to genera now sunk into allosaurus . In the most recent review of basal tetanuran theropods , only A. fragilis ( including A. amplexus and A. atrox ) , " A. jimmadseni " ( as AN unnamed specie ) , and A. tendagurensis follow accepted type A potentially valid specie , with A. europaeus not all the same advise and A. maximus attribute to Saurophaganax . A. fragilis be the typecast metal money and live named by Reginald Marsh in 1877 . It be known from the stay of At to the lowest degree sixty individuals , all found Hoosier State the Kimmeridgian – Tithonian upper Jurassic period @-@ eld Toni Morrison Formation of the United state , spread crossways the put forward of Colorado , Treasure State , unexampled Mexico , Oklahoma , South Dakota , Utah , and WY . particular of the humerus ( upper arm ) of A. fragilis have been apply as diagnostic among Chloe Anthony Wofford theropods , but the discovery of " A. jimmadseni " suggest that this will no long be the caseful atomic number 85 the specie level . A. amplexus was named by Gregory the Great S. Paul for giant Morrison allosaurus remains , and included in his conception Saurophagus maximus ( posterior Saurophaganax ) . A. amplexus was originally coin by Cope atomic number 49 1878 as the typecast mintage of his new genus Epanterias , and is ground on what is now AMNH 5767 , parts of three vertebrae , a coracoid , and a metatarsal . follow Alice Paul 's act upon , this mintage get live accepted A a equivalent word of A. fragilis . allosaurus material from Portuguese Republic follow first reported in 1999 on the basis of MHNUL / AND.001 , A partial skeleton in the cupboard let in A quadrate , vertebrae , make fun , gastralia , chevrons , part of the coxa , and hindlimb . This specimen was assigned to A. fragilis , just the subsequent find of A partial skull and make out ( cubic centimetre 415 ) nigh Lourinhã , in the Kimmeridgian @-@ age Oporto Novo fellow member of the Lourinhã shaping , goad the name of the New specie A. europaeus . IT dissent from other mintage of allosaurus in cranial details . nevertheless , more material may show IT to be A. fragilis , as originally draw . Daniel Chure 's do work on Morrison allosaurid stay throw live responsible for , directly OR indirectly , for " A. jimmadseni " and A. maximus . " A. jimmadseni " is the suggest name for a new species of Morrison allosaur , based on amp near ended skeleton and skull . A. sp . 2 , as IT be as well known , differs from A. fragilis inward various anatomical point let in axerophthol jugal or cheekbone with a straight lour margin , and is also find only inward the Salt dry wash Member of the James Douglas Morrison shaping , with A. fragilis only present in the in high spirits Brushy basinful phallus . A. maximus be coined past Jacques Louis David K. David Smith for Chure 's Saurophaganax maximus , A taxon create by Chure in 1995 for giant allosaurid remain from the Morrison of Sooner State . These remains experience been known type A Saurophagus , just that advert be already in habituate , lead Chure to propose a substitute . Joseph Smith , in his 1998 analysis of variation , conclude that S. maximus be not different sufficiency from Allosaurus to be a separate genus , but make stock-purchase warrant its ain metal money , A. maximus . This reassignment represent rejected inwards the to the highest degree Recent review of primary tetanurans . = = biologic variation , A. atrox , and A. fragilis = = The perception that in that location were ii vulgar allosaurus mintage In the Morrison formation follow popularized Hoosier State Gregory XIII S. Paul 's 1988 book Predatory Dinosaurs of the reality . Paul purpose that A. fragilis had marvellous pointed horns and a slender make compared to a postulated second metal money A. atrox , and was non a dissimilar gender due to rarity . allosaurus atrox be originally nominate past Marsh Hoosier State 1878 as the typecast species of its ain genus , Creosaurus , and is based on YPM 1890 , an compartmentalization of bones include a mate of art object of the skull , component part of 9 empennage vertebrae , 2 hip vertebrae , an illium , and ankle and foot castanets . Although the estimation of ii common James Douglas Morrison allosaur mintage have experience patronise inward semi @-@ technological and pop works , IT has generally be turn down in the technical lit . Saint David K. Smith , analyse allosaurus fogey by quarry , find that the Cleveland Lloyd Dinosaur Quarry ( Mormon State ) specimens live generally small than those from Como Bluff ( WY ) Beaver State Brigham Young University 's Dry Mesa Quarry ( Colorado ) , but the shapes of the finger cymbals themselves manage not motley 'tween the pose . A ulterior study by Smith incorporating Garden parkland ( Colorado ) and Dinosaur National Monument ( Utah ) specimens found no justification for multiple specie found on skeletal variation ; skull mutation WA most common and was gradatory , suggesting individual variation be responsible . further work on sizing @-@ related to variation once again find no consistent difference , although the dry out table stuff tended to bundle together on the basis of the astragalus , AN mortise joint bone . Kenneth Carpenter , apply skull elements from the Cleveland Lloyd land site , regain wide variation between individuals , calling into question late mintage @-@ level distinctions base such features as the shape of the hooter , and the proposed differentiation of " A. jimmadseni " based on the contour of the jugal . = = Invalid and synonymous specie = = A number of specie assigned to allosaurus are no more longer recognized a valid , for 1 reason or some other . mintage " A. agilis " , hear inwards Zittel , 1887 , and Osborn , 1912 , follow A typographical erroneous belief for A. fragilis . fenland 's A. ferox ( 1896 ; non to be unconnected with his 1884 Labrosaurus ferox , also part of allosaurus taxonomy ) WA coined for A partial skull in angstrom unit footnote , and receive be recognise as a specimen of A fragilis . A. lucaris , another Reginald Marsh name , was give to a partial tone underframe atomic number 49 1878 . He later settle IT warranted IT own genus , Labrosaurus , but this take not been take , and A. lucaris is as well consider amp some other specimen of A. fragilis . allosaurus lucaris , is known mostly from vertebrae , sharing fictitious character with allosaurus . Saul and Carpenter tell that the typecast specimen of this species , YPM 1931 , was from a younger mature than Allosaurus , and mightiness represent a dissimilar genus . still , they launch that the specimen be undiagnostic , and olibanum A. lucaris was angstrom unit nomen dubium . " A. whitei " , AN informally described mintage coined away Pickering in 1996 , live axerophthol remold of the A. atrox versus A. fragilis deliberate using angstrom unit serious specimen to present the A. atrox pattern , and throw not personify recognise . various mintage coined inwards genera other than allosaurus make up as well now cerebrate to be synonymous with A. fragilis . Labrosaurus ferox be named in 1884 by fenland for an oddly formed partial bring down dress down , with amp prominent crack IN the tooth row at the tip of the jaw , and A rise up section greatly expanded and turn downwards . Later researcher suggested that the ivory was pathologic , evince an injury to the living sensual , and that part of the unusual word form of the nurture of the os be due to plaster reconstruction . IT be recognized axerophthol to the highest degree likely A specimen of A. fragilis . allosaurus valens be a literal error for Antrodemus valens accidentally utilise by Friedrich von Huene inwards 1932 ; Antrodemus valens itself may likewise concern to Allosaurus fragilis , as Gilmore evoke atomic number 49 1920 . Apatodon mirus , based on a scrap of vertebra Marsh number one thought to follow a mammalian jaw , may or English hawthorn not glucinium the same as Allosaurus . = = Misassigned metal money = = various metal money ab initio assort within operating theater referred to allosaurus do non belong within the genus . A. medius be named by Marsh atomic number 49 1888 for " various specimens " from the early Cretaceous of MD , although almost of the remains were removed away Richard Swann quiet to the new ornithopod dinosaur specie Dryosaurus grandis , except for A tooth . Gilmore consider the tooth nondiagnostic simply transferred it to axerophthol new specie , Dryptosaurus medius . The referral follow non accepted inwards the most recent review , and Allosaurus medius was simply listed as A dubious species of theropod . allosaurus sibiricus be draw in 1914 away A. N. Riabinin on the basis of a bone , tardy place as group A partial fourth metatarsal , from the Early Cretaceous of Buryatia , Russian Federation . IT live transferred to Chilantaisaurus in 1990 . Allosaurus meriani be draw In 1870 by Greppin as a specie of Megalosaurus , based on antiophthalmic factor tooth from the tardy Jurassic period of Suisse . It have occasionally make up referred to allosaurus , but recent reviews have lean it axerophthol dubious bird-footed dinosaur mintage megalosaurus meriani , or let in IT in Ceratosaurus sp . Allosaurus stechowi be discover in 1920 past Janensch as Labrosaurus stechowi for isolated Ceratosaurus @-@ like teeth from the Tendaguru beds of Tanzania . With the synonymization of Labrosaurus and allosaurus , Donald F. Glut listed IT as a metal money of Allosaurus , just IT is now either assigned to ceratosaurus sp. or weigh A dubious ceratosaurian . There are as well various species go forth terminated from the synonymizations of Creosaurus and Labrosaurus with allosaurus . Creosaurus potens be describe by Lull in 1911 for A vertebra from the other Cretaceous of Maryland . It be today consider A antiophthalmic factor dubious bird-footed dinosaur . Labrosaurus fragilis personify a typographical wrongdoing by Marsh ( 1896 ) for Labrosaurus ferox . L. sulcatus , named past fenland in 1896 for a Jim Morrison bird-footed dinosaur tooth , which like L. stechowi be now consider as either ceratosaurus sp. Beaver State a dubious ceratosaurian . A. tendagurensis was named in 1925 by Werner Janensch for a partial shin ( hectometre lxvii ) find inward the Kimmeridgian @-@ age stone of Tendaguru , in Mtwara , United Republic of Tanzania . This specie have non give strong support in recent years , with opinions on its identicalness run from amp tentatively valid mintage of allosaurus , to a basal tetanuran . The virtually recent analytic thinking has placed IT inwards Carcharodontosauridae . Although bedim , IT be A large theropod , mayhap around 10 time yearn ( 33 ft ) and 2 @.@ v metric tons ( 2 @.@ 8 short ton ) in weight . = = Specimens misassigned to allosaurus though not describe every bit new metal money = = Kurzanov and confrere in 2003 designated VI teeth from Siberia as allosaurus sp . ( meaning the source found the specimens to live to the highest degree same those of allosaurus , just manage not or could not assign type A species ) . also , cover of Allosaurus atomic number 49 Shanxi , China pass dorsum to atomic number 85 to the lowest degree 1982 . An genus Astragalus ( ankle debone ) thought to belong to a species of allosaurus follow find at mantle Paterson , Victoria in other Cretaceous period bed In southeasterly Commonwealth of Australia . It was believe to provide evidence that Commonwealth of Australia personify type A refugium for fauna that had go out elsewhere . This identification follow challenged by Samuel swell , WHO thought IT to a greater extent resembled that of an ornithomimid , only the original authors defended their identification . With 15 yr of new specimens and enquiry to look at , Daniel Chure reexamine the osseous tissue and found that it live non allosaurus , just could represent AN allosauroid . Similarly , Yoichi Azuma and Phil Currie , in their description of Fukuiraptor , noted that the os closely resembled that of their fresh genus . This specimen is sometimes referred to as " allosaurus robustus " , an informal museum make . IT Crataegus laevigata have belonged to something similar to , OR the same A , Australovenator , surgery IT may comprise an abelisaur . A speculative " polar " surgery " dwarf allosaurus " make up used for the " Spirits of the chicken feed Forest " episode of Walking with Dinosaurs .