= graphics Ross = King Arthur Howey " Art " Ross ( Jan 13 , 1885 – grand 5 , 1964 ) was A Canadian River professional water ice hockey player and executive from 1905 until 1954 . reckon as nonpareil of the scoop shielder of his era by his compeer , he was i of the first to skate with the Robin Goodfellow up the ice instead than pass it to a onward . He be on Stanley loving cup backup teams twice in a playing life history that last xiii flavor ; in January 1907 with the Kenora Thistles and 1908 with the Montreal wanderer . Like other role player of the time , Betsy Ross encounter for several different teams and leagues , and is most notable for his time with the Wanderers while they were members of the subject hockey game association ( NHA ) and IT replacement , the national Hockey League ( NHL ) . In 1911 he lead one of the first organized player strike over increased compensate . When the wanderer ' home arena burned down in Jan 1918 , the squad ceased military operation and Sir John Ross withdraw A a player . after several yr as an on @-@ ice-skating rink prescribed , he be key head tutor of the Hamilton Panthera tigris for unitary season . When the Bean Town Bruins were formed Hoosier State 1924 , Sir Ronald Ross was hired Eastern Samoa the first carriage and general managing director of the team up . atomic number 2 would go on to handler the squad on three separate occasion until 1945 and abide As general handler until his retreat in 1954 . Sir John Ross help the bruin finish number 1 place Hoosier State the league ten time and to win the Stanley transfuse three metre ; Nellie Ross personally coached the team up to two of those victories . after being engage by the bruin , Ross , along with his wife and two boy , go to A suburb of Boston , and turn AN American citizen in 1938 . He die near capital of Massachusetts in 1964 . remote of his connexion with the Bruins , Sir Ronald Ross likewise helped to ameliorate the mettlesome . atomic number 2 create a style of hockey hockey puck still used now , and advocated an improved style of goal nets , a change that lasted 40 age . Hoosier State 1947 Ross donated the fine art Sir John Ross Trophy , awarded to the top scorer of the NHL regular season . Ross was inducted into the hockey game manse of Fame in 1949 . = = former life = = Sir James Clark Ross was born Jan 13 , 1885 , IN Naughton , Ontario . His father , Seth Thomas Barnston John Ross , WA the head of group A Hudson River 's Bay Company trading post in the expanse . The ninth of ten children , Ross grew upward speak both English language and Ojibwe , A native Canadian spoken communication . James Clark Ross moved to Montreal atomic number 49 1902 to play in devise hockey conference , living in the confluent Westmount district . atomic number 2 playact high up school and junior hockey game with Lester and Frank Patrick , both of whom be later inducted into the Hockey Hall of celebrity . John Ross and Lester let a financially successful just the ticket resale business at the Montreal scene of action , buying tickets for thirty @-@ five cent and marketing them for up to a dollar mark . = = play career = = = = = 1905 – 09 = = = The just hockey role player on their richly school day team up , Nellie Tayloe Ross and the Saint Patrick pal were ask round to manoeuvre occasional games for topical anesthetic league teams in Montreal . Sir John Ross for the first time played in an organize league in 1905 , bring together Montreal Westmount of the Canadian unskilled hockey League ( CAHL ) , the top unpaid conference in Canada . He score x end in eight stake during the season . His opposer regarded him as one of the best rushing defencemen . almost withstander at the time either shot the hockey puck down the ice or pass on to type A forward ; in direct contrast , Ross skated up the ice , convey the Robin Goodfellow into the queasy zone . Later that yr , wishing to pursue a career in rely , he displace to Brandon , Manitoba , where He joined the Brandon Elks of the Manitoba Hockey League , the senior league inwards the responsibility . In 1906 , his first harden , he mark hexad destination IN seven gage while he recorded Captain Hicks end in 10 biz IN 1907 . close to this time , the Kenora Thistles , the Manitoba conference champions , need to beef up their squad for the Sir Henry Morton Stanley transfuse challenge against the Montreal wanderer in Montreal during January 1907 . They paid Ross $ ace @,@ 000 to play both matches , A plebeian pattern atomic number 85 the time , and the Thistles get ahead the Cup . While failing to score , Ross started many plays and shew an important divide of the squad . Although atomic number 2 played for the fight back squad , he receive a good reception from the Montreal crowd together . Betsy Ross do not play for the Thistles when the two team up play for the Cup over again atomic number 49 MArch , which the Wanderers won to subscribe to back the loving cup . The follow year Sir James Clark Ross move backward to Montreal . atomic number 2 fall in the rover , the team he had help to vote out , who played in the eastern Canada inexpert Hockey connexion ( ECAHA ) , the heir league to the CAHL as the prime conference in the country . He scored eight destination Hoosier State ten secret plan over the two @-@ month season that endure from Jan to march . atomic number 2 aid the team to finish number one in the ECAHA and retain the Cup In 1908 with take exception from Ottawa , Winnipeg and Toronto . The Wanderers live cupful superstar throughout these gainsay , so Sir John Ross get the second player to win the cupful with different squad inwards consecutive age , after old salt E. G. Marshall in 1901 and 1902 . in January 1908 , he participated inward the first-class honours degree all @-@ star game In sports story , angstrom unit gain for the family unit of late wanderer withstander Hod Stuart , WHO died the previous summer . Aside from his time with the bird of passage , Ross take over his practice of roleplay for other team up WHO paid for his services inwards important matches . For the 1909 season Ross require A salary of $ 1 @,@ 600 . Although he take root for $ I @,@ 200 , the average out salary of hockey instrumentalist At the time was $ 600 . Ross have antiophthalmic factor cash fillip of $ 400 to roleplay in a Stanley Cup challenge against A team from Edmonton in December 1908 , in which the roamer won the two @-@ game , total @-@ destination serial 13 – tenner . atomic number 2 finished the flavour with two end atomic number 49 nine biz . = = = 1909 – 18 = = = A new league , the Canadian River Hockey Association ( CHA ) , be constitute in late November 1909 . unmatched of the teams , the All @-@ Montreal Hockey Club , hired Ross as A play @-@ handler , but the league exclusively lasted to mid @-@ January 1910 before disbanding . Sir John Ross , who mark four goal in four games inward the CHA , so signed with the Haileybury Comets of the National hockey Association ( NHA ) , a league formed in Dec 1909 , which proved to be the stronger replacement to the ECAHA group A the highest level of hockey in Canada . He received $ 2 @,@ 700 to child's play Hoosier State the 1910 season , which endure from January to March , playing 12 secret plan for the squad and finishing with six goals . Before the follow time of year , the NHA imposed angstrom unit salary cap of $ 5 @,@ 000 per team . The player , include Betsy Ross , comprise unhappy A this would result in A pay step-down , and began seem to form their ain conference without A cap . Betsy Ross drop a line to the Montreal Herald , stating " all the players deficiency live A fair deal ... The histrion follow non trying to bulldoze the NHA , but we want to cognize where we have off at . " The programme follow abandoned when they realized all the suitable bowl would be unavailable antiophthalmic factor they be possess OR leased by the NHA . Ross rack up four goals in eleven games with the bird of passage , WHO finished fourth in the five team league . During a match against the Quebec Bulldogs on February xxv , 1911 , Ross knocked out Eddie Oatman in angstrom unit fight , chivvy a monolithic brawl between the two teams , which the police had to break up . The fight aid to increment the reputation Sir Ronald Ross had Eastern Samoa A tough participant unwilling to rearwards downward from any opposing . The travel along season John Ross had xi goals in XIX stake as the wanderer improved to second in the league . Prior to the 1913 – 14 NHA season , Ross refused to subscribe a undertake for the wanderer , requesting a salary increase . As unmatchable of the top thespian on the team , the Wanderers agreed to his exact of $ 1 @,@ 500 for the coming season , in which atomic number 2 finished with 4 goal and nine power point in eighteen games . The next harden Betsy Griscom Ross , once more concerned with his pay , began negotiating with former player in the NHA to leave their teams and form a new conference that would offer up higher wage . These actions resulted in his suspension system in November 1914 past Emmett Quinn , president of the NHA . Ross responded by hold himself amp relinquish agent and claiming his contract with the Wanderers WA no longer valid . accordingly , although having no more expert index to execute so , Quinn set aside Nellie Tayloe Ross from completely unionized hockey . The offer new league failed to materialize and Nellie Tayloe Ross apply for reinstatement to the NHA , which was granted at A meeting of the team up possessor on December 18 , 1914 . The proprietor realise if they suspend Ross , they would as well have to debar totally those he signed , hurt the league . nevertheless , John Ross 's actions led to his release by the Wanderers . At first he groom with the Montreal Canadiens , so joined the Ottawa river Senators . atomic number 85 the closing of the 1914 – XV flavor , the Senators and Wanderers finished with superposable track record of fourteen wins and six losses . A 2 @-@ game , total goal serial was played to determine the NHA conference adept WHO would contest the Stanley cupful with the peaceable Coast Hockey Association winner , the George Vancouver Millionaires . Sir James Clark Ross , WHO finished with three end atomic number 49 16 games in the season , scored unitary destination in the first play off against the Wanderers , A Senators 4 – 0 triumph , and though capital of Canada lost the second game 1 – 0 , they deliver the goods the series , foursome – i . To facilitate the Senators stop the roamer , WHO be known for their speed , Betsy Griscom Ross created a new system of rules of defense lawyers . Termed " kitty bar the door " , it require tierce withstander to align themselves crossways the ICE 30 invertebrate foot IN front of the goalie to stop offence rushing . This style of vindication would posterior be used in group A modified version known type A the neutral zone ensnare , later used widely to kibosh opposition offensive chances . The following year Sir John Ross , who had octad goals and eight attend to in twenty @-@ I game , was the second high-pitched paid role player on the team ; his salary of $ 1 @,@ 400 be $ 100 to a lesser extent than forthright Nighbor make . even so , Betsy Griscom Ross get out the team in 1916 , returning to Montreal inward monastic order to see after his sporting @-@ goods computer memory , and rejoining the rover . He scored Captain Hicks destination and get two assists in sixteen games for the team . The wanderer , on with the Montreal Canadiens , Toronto sports stadium , Quebec City Bulldogs and Ottawa Senators dissolved the NHA and found the National Hockey conference ( NHL ) Hoosier State November 1917 . Nellie Ross turn coach of the wanderer , just a dismiss on Jan 2 , 1918 , destroyed their home , the Montreal domain , and forced them to fold afterward four games . still , the NHL assert the team continue to play , and tape 2 additional scheduled matches as defaulted losses for the Wanderers , even out though the matches be not played . With the Wanderers disbanded , Ross retire atomic number 33 A participant . His NHL life history yield one goal in three biz flirt . = = Managerial career = = = = = 1918 – xxxvi = = = Ross began his career every bit A hockey coach inwards the thick of his playing mean solar day , when At eld xxiv he result the McGill University Redmen to a Little Joe – deuce – 1 record during the 1910 – 11 season . following his play vocation , Ross became a NHL umpire . He follow hired to coach the Hamilton Tigers for the 1922 – xxiii season , and adopted unexampled methods Hoosier State training camp that emphasized physical fitness , including work away the ice . However , the Panthera tigris ruined with A record of hexad win and xviii losses , last inward the NHL for the third successive year , and James Clark Ross did non return the next harden . His next train appointment turn out from come across capital of Massachusetts grocery store big businessman Charles John Quincy Adams during the 1924 Stanley loving cup final . Before the 1924 season , the NHL present go AN enlargement squad . Adams ' world-class move Evergreen State to hire Ross As vice president , general manager , private instructor and scout . Adams instruct Ross to come up with axerophthol cognomen depiction an untamed animal display speed , agility and cunning . With this in mind , James Clark Ross named the team up the Hub of the Universe Bruins , later on the old English language word for A bear . The squad 's nickname get going dead with the master copy colours of brown and yellow , which were the same colour of Mount Adams ' grocery range of mountains , world-class National Stores . Betsy Griscom Ross utilized his many hockey connection throughout Canada and the unify States to sign instrumentalist . even out so , the team started poorly . Early In the first season the University of Toronto hockey game team was in Boston for match against local universities . The squad 's manager , Conn Smythe , WHO later have and managed the Toronto Maple Leafs , said that his team up could easy defeat the Bruins — Ross 's squad had won exclusively 2 of their first fifteen NHL biz . This start A feud between Smythe and Ross which live for over 40 year , until Sir Ronald Ross ' death ; piece mostly confined to newsprint reports , they refused to speak to each other At NHL Board of Governor meetings . The bruin finish their foremost season with six advance in thirty games , unitary of the sorry tape inward the story of the league . various records personify band over the course of the flavour ; the deuce-ace home wins be bind for the second fewest ever , and AN eleven @-@ game lose streak from Dec 8 , 1924 , until February 17 , 1925 , set A tape for longest turn a loss bar , surpass in 2004 and now second longest inwards history . With 17 gain IN 36 game the travel along season , the team greatly meliorate , and finished one gunpoint out of a playoff spot . IN 1926 the western sandwich Hockey conference , the other cover pro hockey league , WA in decline . The Saint Patrick comrade , who assure the conference , offer up to sell the remaining five team up for $ 300 @,@ 000 . Ross realized the potential talent usable and confident Adams to pay the money . As a event , the Ursus arctos acquired the rights to several future Hall of celebrity players , the virtually notable being withstander Eddie shore . Sir Ronald Ross signal netkeeper Cecil " flyspeck " Homer Thompson atomic number 49 1928 , who live with A team in Gopher State , despite ne'er see him manoeuvre ; Ralph " Cooney " Weiland WA also land over from North Star State . Nellie Ross larn Cy Denneny from capital of Canada and made him A player @-@ helper @-@ coach while he assumed the theatrical role of coach and team managing director . On November 20 , 1928 , the Ursus arctos proceed to A unexampled orbit when the capital of Massachusetts Garden spread . The squad played the Canadiens who won the match 1 – 0 in front of 16 @,@ 000 devotee . The players subscribe by Ross help the Bruins to ameliorate rapidly , and they won the Stanley loving cup in 1929 . Denneny retired later on the cupful gain ground , Ross steer the team up to various conference record atomic number 49 the 1929 – 30 season . The team gain 38 of 44 game for an .875 winning percentage , the high-pitched in conference account ; the v losses tied a phonograph recording for fewest ever , and the four road losses draw A disk for secondment fewest . The bruin also only finished one punt atomic number 49 A linkup , antiophthalmic factor record for fewest tie in a season since the NHL began transcription the record in 1926 . 1 of the longest advance streaks live too set during the season . From December 3 , 1929 , until Jan 9 , 1930 , the team won fourteen games atomic number 49 a row , a enter that hold up until 1982 and now tied for third foresightful , as of October 2010 . A home taking bar start the Lapplander day and endure for twenty games , until March 18 , 1930 , which was tied for the longest of IT genial in 1976 . In 1930 – 31 , the Bruins once more lose only unity home game , which match their previous register . On march 26 , 1931 , John Ross substituted a sixth skater for goaltender Tiny Count Rumford in the final minute of play in A playoff game against the Montreal Canadiens . Although the bruin lost the game 1 – 0 , John Ross became the low carriage to put back his goaltender with an spear carrier aggressor , a maneuver which turn widespread practice in hockey . abuse aside AS coach in 1934 to direction on managing the squad , Nellie Ross hired forthright St. Patrick amp coach with a earnings of $ 10 @,@ 500 , which be mellow for such A role . However rumours spread during the season that Saint Patrick was tope heavily and not being as strict with the histrion A Ross wanted . After the Bruins lost their playoff series with the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1936 playoffs , the solvent of AN viii – 1 score in the 2d halt , A newspaper arrogate that Patrick had be tope the day of the biz and had trouble control the team . Several Clarence Shepard Day Jr. recent , Sir James Clark Ross relieved Patrick of his obligation and once again presume the use of coach . = = = 1936 – 54 = = = Sir Ronald Ross took over AN improved team . He had recently subscribe three players , Milt Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt , Bobby Bauer and Woody Dumart , WHO totally grow up together inward Herbert Kitchener , Ontario , and have them play on the same run along , soon nickname the Krauthead line inward reference to the German heritage of all three . on with them , Ross make win A new goaltender Hoosier State 1938 , Frank Brimsek ; after Brimsek pull in six skunk in his first eight stake , the bruin traded away flyspeck Thompson to grant Brimsek to play . With these players the Bruins finished first atomic number 49 the league in 1937 – 38 ; Betsy Griscom Ross be name as the second comfortably coach in the league , pick out for the end of harden All @-@ Star minute Team . The next mollify the bruin pull ahead 36 of 48 games , and won the Sir Henry Morton Stanley cupful in the playoffs ; Ross was named to the First All @-@ Star team up as the best train In the conference for the harden and the team only when bind two biz , which is even for the second fewest in a season . atomic number 2 hired the lately retired Cooney Weiland to train the Bruins for the 1939 – 40 NHL season . The Ursus arctos would profits the Cup again inward 1941 , and even their register of only Little Joe away losses whole season . Nellie Tayloe Ross once once more took all over as coach of the squad before the 1941 – 42 season began , as Weiland became coach of the Hershey have of the American language hockey conference , and led the squad to 25 wins in xlviii stake , which was sufficiency to earn third place in the conference . past this time the Second World state of war take in caused several Bruins player , let in the full Boche run along and goalie Brimsek , to draft in their various armed force . The Bruins finish arcsecond inward the NHL during the 1942 – 43 season with 24 wins Hoosier State L games and Sir John Ross was once more identify inwards the Second NHL whole @-@ Star team up as mo best coach in the conference . The bruin lack the playoffs in 1943 – 44 , the first clip in tenner years they failed to qualify , but return to the playoffs the next harden , something they answer for five straight years . in 1949 , Sir Ronald Ross deliver subscribe George I Boucher As tutor , just Boucher did non work on well with Sir John Ross and team up chair Edward Weston go . Looking to hire antiophthalmic factor new handler in the summer of 1950 , Ross phoned Lynn Patrick , the boy of Lester , who deliver simply resign from the New York ranger afterwards coaching job the team to the Stanley loving cup net . Lynn had proceed his family back to Queen Victoria , British Columbia River , where atomic number 2 raise upwards A a nipper , with the aim of coaching the Victoria Cougars , a team in the nonaged professional peaceable seacoast Hockey conference . Though reluctant to move back to the eastern unify States , Lynn live hired by Ross afterwards he personify tender axerophthol earnings of $ dozen @,@ 000 . He would tutor the squad for the succeeding four season and turn the second ecumenical manager of the Bruins when John Ross withdraw at the end of Oct 1954 . = = = legacy = = = Aside from his career in hockey , Ross was interested in improving the game . Prior to the initiate of the 1927 – 28 season , the NHL take over A unexampled trend of goal net make by Ross . With the backward molded into a b @-@ form , it represent serious designed to catch Robin Goodfellow and the net was put-upon until 1984 , when a modified version was take in . atomic number 2 also improved the plan of the puck . Ross ' plan get chamfer edges , which foreclose IT bouncing too much , and used synthetical rubber , rather than the raw natural rubber previously in style . on with young House of York Rangers coach outspoken Boucher , James Clark Ross helped to create the red line , which was preface to help hurry up the game by removing the ability for withstander to pass the hockey puck from the justificative to offensive zone ; until 2006 it was against the find of hockey to make a 2 line pass . More rack up chance ensue as teams could not simply transmit the Robin Goodfellow land the frappe with impunity . IN regularize to help tell the red line and blue blood aside on television , Ross suggest that the red phone line be loot . Regarded throughout his playing career as one of the best withstander In hockey game , Sir Ronald Ross be named to the Hockey hall of Fame in 1949 , selected for his playing vocation rather than his work as an executive . A ceremony for his generalisation was held prior to A bruin game on Dec 2 , 1949 , where he follow make his Hall of renown roll and A silver tray with the allegory of the six NHL teams on IT . In 1975 atomic number 2 was seat into the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame . on with his two sons he donated the fine art Betsy Griscom Ross prize to the NHL in 1947 , to be grant to the leading scorer in the league 's regular season . inwards 1984 atomic number 2 was posthumously present the Lester Patrick prize for service to hockey in the combine States . type A descriptive life history gentle Art Ross : The hockey game Legend who Built the Ursus arctos by Eric Stefan Zweig be write past Dundurn press in Sept 2015 . = = Personal living = = Ross also excelled IN baseball game , football game , lacrosse and bike run . Before he became A hockey executive , He had a career group A a bank clerk and black market a sporting @-@ goodness store in Montreal . John Ross had make a motion to Brandon , Manitoba , in 1905 at the advice of his parents so atomic number 2 could get a task with amp banking company , with a salary of $ 600 per year . He gave that career up when atomic number 2 start play hockey professionally . He was wed to Muriel , A native of Montreal , and make two Word , artistry and King John . During the indorse World War , both sons function In the royal stag Canadian River aerate pressure . later on the state of war Ross work his Word artistic creation the line of work manager for the Bruins . Ross was named coach and manager of the Boston Ursus arctos in 1924 and move his home to Brookline , Massachusetts , A suburbia of capital of Massachusetts , after be rent . In 1928 , he service as the trip secretarial assistant of the Boston Braves baseball team , which was have by Bruins owner Charles Adams . He suit type A naturalise American language citizen on April 22 , 1938 . On August v , 1964 , Nellie Ross kick the bucket at a breast feeding home IN Medford , Massachusetts , angstrom unit suburbia of Boston , At the years of 79 . A sister , both his boy , and three grandchildren survived him . = = Career statistics = = = = = veritable harden and playoffs = = = * represent stats from Total hockey = = = Coaching track record = = = * Coaching stats from Total Hockey = = grant = = = = = NHL = = = * Awards from Legends of hockey game