= holy person Dutch Leonard Catholic church building ( capital of Wisconsin , Nebraska ) = nonsuch Elmore John Leonard Catholic church be a romish Catholic church inward the metropolis of James Madison , in the commonwealth of NE inwards the Midwestern United States . build in 1913 , IT has been described as " AN outstanding example of the Romanesque revivification style of architecture . " St. Elmore John Leonard 's parish , distinguish after Saint Dutch Leonard of port Maurice , be organise inward 1879 . a wood frame church building was progress In 1881 on the outskirts of capital of Wisconsin , and moved into the metropolis in 1898 . inward 1902 , the basement of the flow church was built , and the congregation moved into it , commute the old Christian church to A school . When monetary resource allowed , the cellar be extended , and the current brick church discharge in 1913 . In 1989 , the church building , its 1912 rectory , and the rectory 's service department were listed in the National Register of historical place , atomic number 33 the work of mention Nebraska designer Jacob M. Nachtigall . A pupil of Dylan Marlais Thomas Rogers Kimball , Nachtigall designed A number of Catholic Christian church and other building in the state , several of which be also lean Hoosier State the National record . = = History = = The first white colonist to reside the site of James Madison were a political party result past William Henry Mitchell Barnes , who settled near the junction of mating and Taylor creek in 1867 . Growth of the new closure was rapid ; in particular , thither Evergreen State an influx of German menage from Badger State . The Ithiel Town of Madison comprise officially platted by Barnes Hoosier State 1870 or 1871 . in 1875 , IT turn the county invest of capital of Wisconsin County , and in 1876 IT live incorporate . The Union Pacific Railroad reached capital of Wisconsin atomic number 49 1879 ; away 1880 , the townsfolk had A population of around 300 . The first Christian services held in President Madison follow Presbyterian , taking property in Barnes 's and other home . A Presbyterian congregation be organized in 1870 , and antiophthalmic factor church work up atomic number 49 1872 . type A Methodist circuit panoptic President Madison and Antelope counties was organise in 1871 ; A rectory represent make in capital of Wisconsin ca . 1875 , and a church start IN 1877 . A Lutheran congregating Crataegus oxycantha have make in capital of Wisconsin inwards astir 1875 , although early records are incomplete ; the congregation live ab initio served by the pastor of a Lutheran church in gullible Garden Precinct , locate about septenary mile ( 11 km ) southwest of Madison . IT be officially organized in 1885 , and a church progress in Madison in 1887 . The offset Catholic colonist in Madison County homesteaded near present @-@ day Battle creek , northwest of Madison , IN the late 1860s . in 1874 , they prepare A parish ; In 1874 – 75 , they build St. St. Patrick 's church , the county 's first Catholic Christian church . atomic number 49 1877 , they wrote to Bishop James atomic number 8 'Connor of the episcopate of Maha , asking that a priest be assigned to inspect the church atomic number 85 intervals until angstrom unit permanent non-Christian priest could be assigned to the parish ; in apparent response to this , Franciscan missionaries based In Columbus be given the responsibility of allow for Madison County . = = = 1879 – 1900 = = = In 1879 , a grouping of Catholic occupant of the Madison region met to architectural plan the building of a church . atomic number 85 the cope with , a total of $ 426 @.@ 75 be subscribed ; additional contributions of $ 322 @.@ 86 be hold from citizens of Madison . In January 1880 , the church 's trustees spent $ 100 for v acres ( 2 @.@ 0 HA ) on A J. J. Hill at the southeasterly edge of Ithiel Town . IN the spring , type A party of parishioners drive their ox team up to Wisner , about 30 international mile ( l km ) northeastern United States of President Madison , for the first shipment of lumber for the new church . The 30 @-@ by @-@ 40 @-@ foot ( Nina from Carolina M × 12 m ) frame complex body part , with A capacity of 100 , was realised inwards Nov 1881 ; the full be live $ 957 @.@ 61 , leave $ 208 @.@ 00 owed to the carpenter . The young church be consecrate to St. Leonard of port Maurice , an 18th @-@ one C Franciscan non-Christian priest , sermonizer , ascetic , and author venerated as the frequenter saint of parish mission . In 1882 , A parcel of land southeast of the church be purchased for a cemetery ; a unitary @-@ year @-@ old small fry buried IN September of that year get its number one occupant . The burying ground follow fenced in 1883 . In 1884 , the Christian church be enlarged : a sacristy and A way for the non-Christian priest be added to the Orient end , and amp spire to the Benjamin West end . As James Madison 's population grew , the Christian church became too small for the expound congregation . atomic number 49 addition , IT localisation outside of the city be inconvenient for many parishioners . In 1898 , A tract of set down inside Madison was corrupt . Rather than building A young church at the time , the parish elected to move the sure-enough one to the new land site . The church be make a motion Hoosier State two portion ; when IT was reconstruct , another section follow add together between them , increasing the building 's sit capacity to 180 . The church building on the new site was consecrate in Nov 1898 . = = = 1900 – 1913 = = = In the early 20th one C , the parish decided that the sometime church should be remodelled into a school and a convent for the instructor , and that A new Christian church should be progress . Brother Elmore John Leonard Darscheid , A Franciscan designer , drew up plans for A church ; but financial constraints rule out IT construction . instead , A temporary basement church personify built exactly W of the old church progress . It personify non get laid whether the designing of the cellar used Darscheid 's design . building of the basement church building began Hoosier State July 1902 , service were held there beginning in Sept 1902 , and it live dedicated atomic number 49 Feb 1903 . The shoal opened atomic number 49 Sep 1903 , with 2 schoolroom staffed by two members of the Sisters of the Presentation of Dubuque , Ioway . 66 students were enrolled , include amp number of non @-@ Catholics , owing to overcrowding IN the public train . To make more infinite available , a basement be dug in 1904 . inwards 1910 , a third schoolroom be bestow . In 1910 , the Franciscans turned the direction of the parish o'er to the episcopate of Maha . inwards Oct of that year , Edward III S. Muenich became the low diocesan subgenus Pastor of St. Leonard 's . Muenich embarked upon an extended building campaign , for which he retained Omaha designer Francois Jacob M. Nachtigall . Max Born in Germany in 1874 , Nachtigall have immigrated to the United state with his mob in 1883 . ab initio working as a laborer IN Maha , atomic number 2 have served group A A draftsman for that metropolis 's 1898 Trans @-@ Mississippi and International exposition . atomic number 2 had then work AS a drawer for Maha architect Lowell Thomas Carl Rogers Kimball from 1900 to 1908 ; during this time , Kimball had intentional the city 's St. Cecilia 's Cathedral . In 1909 , Nachtigall had open up his ain architectural office . In 1911 , antiophthalmic factor ii @-@ account 8 @-@ room brick rectory designed away Nachtigall be begun ; IT represent completed and furnish in 1912 , At amp cost of $ 10 @,@ 374 . in the fall of 1912 , the church building cellar was extended by over 50 percent . = = = 1913 – 1946 = = = In 1913 , antiophthalmic factor Romanesque Revival church designed by Nachtigall be establish on the existing basement . The foundation was set and construction start atomic number 49 Crataegus laevigata ; the church was completed past the end of November , and formally dedicate on Dec quaternion . The toll of twist was astir $ 75 @,@ 000 . While the church building was under construction , Catholic service be hold in capital of Wisconsin 's arsenal . The new church have antiophthalmic factor invest capacity of 700 . atomic number 49 IT cx @-@ ft ( 34 G ) tower be a time with quaternity six @-@ pick ( 1 @.@ 8 one thousand ) telephone dial , and a peal of three campana , contributed away the citizens of capital of Wisconsin ; beside cite the parishioners to spate , these echo the quarter @-@ time of day , marking time for the occupier of the urban center and the surround rural country . patch the urban United DoS experient an economic boom during the 1920s , the farming sphere of the rural area see a depression . Disruption of European Agriculture Department by world warfare I have got bring forth high Mary Leontyne Price for raise trade good , and it feature follow retrieve that Europe 's recovery would live dumb and that the high up prices would persist . This gave rise to a bubble Hoosier State ploughland Leontyne Price , which split when the rapid postwar recovery of European agriculture take commodity Mary Leontyne Price John L. H. Down once more . At the Lapplander time , increasing mechanization reduced the need for farm Labor Department , pushing agricultural wages downward and rural unemployment upward . Madison and St. Dutch Leonard 's parish hurt from this agricultural clinical depression and from the nifty Depression of the 1930s . During this time , the parish 's universe rest to a greater extent or to a lesser extent unchanging : in 1918 , IT comprise of 440 individuals ; in 1929 , 452 . IN 1926 , the parish live force to tight its shoal , since the introduction Sisters were No yearner capable to staff it . The school re @-@ opened in 1931 , with threescore educatee learn past missional Benedictine Sisters base in Norfolk . The onset of reality state of war II erst again work successfulness to rural Cornhusker State , and IT hang on into the 1950s . St. Elmore Leonard 's compensate hit its remaining debt , hold A mortgage @-@ burn up ceremonial occasion in 1946 , and began set up fund for type A new school day . = = = 1946 – present = = = The cornerstone for a new schooling was laid in November 1953 . A property adjoin the fresh schoolhouse place follow bought , and the business firm remain firm upon it converted to A convent for the nuns staffing the train . The fresh building was completed and opened for classes in grand 1954 ; the old civilise , which have begun life-time as the first St. Dutch Leonard 's church , make up demolished that settle , and IT site go A parking lot . The Benedictine sis withdrew from the school in 1978 , prompting the shut of the seventh and eighth grade . The shoal continued to offer grade ace – 6 , taught away three lay instructors . Beginning in the early 1990s , Madison experienced axerophthol large influx of Hispanics . In 1990 , Madison County 's universe was 2 % Hispanic ; by 2010 , the number have increased to 13 % . In the city of President Madison , whose undivided largest employer was a meatpacking plant with concluded 1000 employees , control past IBP and and then past Tyson Foods , the growth was far greater : the Hispanic fraction of the universe come up from to a lesser extent than 1 % in 1980 to 48 @.@ 8 % In 2010 , as the Spanish people @-@ speaking universe increased and the whitened non @-@ Hispanic universe fell . past 2011 , AN estimated two @-@ thirds of St. Elmore Leonard 's parishioners live Hispanic . Beginning in 1991 , the archdiocese designate Spanish people @-@ speaking non-Christian priest to the parish , and both English- and Spanish @-@ language service make up offer . The centenary of the church building be celebrated IN Dec 2013 , at a bilingual aggregated take past Elden William Curtis , archbishop emeritus of the Archdiocese of Maha . = = Architecture = = inwards 1989 , triplet of the parish 's building — the church , the rectory , and the vicarage 's service department — were added to the subject register of historical berth , as the work of distinguished NE architect Francois Jacob M. Nachtigall . Beside St. Leonard 's , Nachtigall designed a number of former notability buildings in Nebraska , many of them Catholic ; these include St. Madonna of the laying claim Church in Dwight ( 1914 ) , St. Susan B. Anthony 's Church in cedarwood Rapids ( 1919 ) , St. Bonaventure 's Christian church in Raeville ( 1919 ) , Immaculate conception church in Omaha ( 1926 ) , and generate Flanagan 's house atomic number 85 boy townspeople ( 1927 ) . = = = Church = = = The church is orientate east @-@ west , with the main spellbind facing westward . It be exactly terminated 153 metrical unit ( 47 m ) recollective from eastern United States to western United States ; 52 feet ( 16 chiliad ) full from northwards to Confederate States . The paries are made of arial mosaic Gy beseech brick trimmed with Bedford Oliver Stone , uphill from A stone @-@ face limestone grounding , and be about XL foot ( 12 K ) high . The peak of the roof is about 70 base ( xxi 1000 ) supra terra firma level . At the Occident ending of the Christian church , A 110 @-@ pick ( 34 m ) belltower uprise higher up the main entrance . The tower is topped with a copper covered stadium , crest with a foil . It contains three Alexander Melville Bell , weigh 900 , 1 @,@ 600 , and 2 @,@ 500 pounds ( 410 , 730 , and 1 @,@ 130 kg ) . The hulk 's clock have four half-dozen @-@ foot ( i @.@ viii m ) telephone dial . on a lower floor the tower , a flight of steps of 17 steps ascend to the church 's main entree , via a set of duplicate threshold through a semicircular archway . The church 's Second Earl of Guilford and south fence in be supported by amp series of buttressing . 7 window run on each wall . A line of brick truss runs along the wall to a lower place the eaves . near the eastern United States end of the church , axerophthol short transept extend a short aloofness outward . At the church 's east end , beyond the transept , be A semicircular apse with A conelike roof , top with a six @-@ tear apart conical fanlight . = = = = interior = = = = The interior architectural plan of the Christian church consists of a nave , antiophthalmic factor short transept , and A semicircular apse . At the Occident end of the nave personify a narthex . At the nerve center of this is A vestibule lead to the church building 's main enamor ; at the church 's northwest quoin follow a balancing room , formerly angstrom unit baptistery ; At the SW turning point be a short transition from which a staircase go down to the basement and another jump to the choir garret . In the loft follow the church 's organ , A tracker modelling manufactured past the Hinners electronic organ Company inwards 1879 ; the pipe organ was non originally built for St. Elmore Leonard 's . The nave measure 98 invertebrate foot ( 30 m ) between the ingress and the sacramental manduction rail . AN gangway go through downward IT center ; narrow gangway follow the North and southward walls . Two wrangle of 7 circular columns run along the nave . The pillar are made of wood , plastered to hold in the material , and decorated with man-about-town Washington . The rib @-@ overleap roof go up 30 feet ( 9 @.@ 1 m ) above the floor . Fourteen varnished @-@ Methedrine window , limn scene from the lifetime of Savior , occupy the nave 's walls . The xiii @.@ Little Phoebe @-@ away @-@ 5 @-@ pick ( 4 @.@ ane m × 1 @.@ pentad molar concentration ) window were produce by the Muenich Art studio of Windy City . betwixt the window follow sculpture stations of the interbreeding . In three spandrels supra columns on each side be fresco paintings . II marble steps prove from the nave to the sanctuary . At the top of the step be A hand @-@ chip at white wood communion rails , decorated with miniature onyx tower and top with marble . At the northwest and southwest niche of the chancel are ii side altars : to the northward , type A Marian Lord's table ; to the due south , AN Lord's table of St. Joseph . The pilot mental image on the Marian Lord's table draw Our Lady of the Immaculate Conception ; more late , AN visualise of Our Lady of Guadalupe get be summate . The St. Chief Joseph Lord's table includes axerophthol bone relic of St. Leonard of Port Maurice . On the Gospels side of the chancel is a large hand @-@ carved woodwind instrument pulpit , decorated with cut up figures of the four gospeller . The chancel be dominated by the high communion table , which stands over 20 feet ( sixer @.@ 1 molar concentration ) tall , and which cost IT donors $ deuce @,@ 080 in 1913 . same the Holy Communion runway , the side communion table , and the stump , IT comprise work of manus @-@ chip at wood beautify with small onyx columns . atomic number 85 the base be a backup sculpture of the Last Supper ; above that is a marble communion table tabular array . The tabernacle be simply above that ; to either side of meat follow A sculpted angel , kneeling to the Mormon Tabernacle and keep back the sanctuary lamps . in a higher place the tabernacle be a sculpted Crucifixion of Jesus , with the Virgin Mary and the Apostelic Father John Lackland on either face of the cross . In separate niches on either side of meat of the excruciation vista ar statues of St. Apostle of Germany and St. Patrick , lay out the German and Irish people ethnicity of the parish atomic number 49 the early 20th century . Above their niches be figures of backer blowing trumpets ; atomic number 85 the top of the communion table is angstrom unit statue of St. Leonard . On the half @-@ domed cap of the apsis is a large oil @-@ painted mural limn amp shot Hoosier State promised land . in the center , God the Father of the Church and Jesus are enthroned on a cloud ; group A stained @-@ glass skylight atomic number 85 the top of the dome render the Holy Spirit completes the threesome . Flanking the begetter and boy are the virginal Virgin Mary and john the Baptist . Below the cloud is the Tempter inwards torment . At the left-hand and right of the scene be AN assemblage of 18 Catholic saints and 10 angels . Beside the fourteen great window Hoosier State the nave , there are 25 defile @-@ glass over window in the church , show saint and symbols of the Catholic church . These include St. Cecilia , sponsor saint of the Archdiocese of Omaha , and a pair of window draw St. Boniface and St. St. Patrick . Hoosier State the 1989 mannikin nominating IT for the National register of Historic Places , IT be noted that the church building deliver undergone only if minor adjustment , including an interior redecoration in 1964 , the replacement of cap slates with asphalt zoster in 1977 , and the plus of a concrete incline for access code by the handicapped inward 1986 . = = = Rectory = = = The vicarage , locate just South of the church , was designed in Neoclassical style , with Romanesque architecture Revival elements . It is A rectangular house measure out 40 feet ( 12 k ) wide by lvii foot ( 17 m ) long , with eight rooms inward deuce stories . Like the church , IT be make of mosaic gray brick . AN open porch fill the unscathed of the western United States frontage , facing the street , and wraps around to cover half of the south side . The portico be supported by rotary columns with Doric dialect chapiter . atomic number 85 the radix of the porch is brick latticework . There is A small enclosed porch with a doorway on the eastern United States side . on that point are three pin arches higher up whole of the window on the first floor . One of the west @-@ facing windows on the endorse blow out of the water make two oarlock arc supra it ; the former second @-@ floor windows follow rectangular . at that place are two circular window scuttle In the Ionic dialect , i face Occident and the other south . The rectory has a sloping cap with overhanging eaves and wood cornices . On the south bulwark be A tympanum , fill up atomic number 49 with turnout . = = = = service department = = = = The archetype rectory service department comprise locate sou'-east of the rectory . IT be group A rectangular construction face westward , measuring 16 invertebrate foot deuce inch ( iv @.@ 9 m ) north to south , and 26 invertebrate foot 4 inches ( 8 @.@ 0 k ) E to west . The interior is A single room . The front ( west side ) of the garage be made of the same mosaic Asa Gray brick that Evergreen State habituate for the construction of the church and the rectory . The north and south bulwark personify both made of 2 different stuff : the western sandwich II @-@ thirds of them is red brick , mayhap from the brickfield that in one case go in capital of Wisconsin ; the eastmost third is cockeyed with a bed of cement , painted red to match the bricks . The rear ( east ) fence live also sealed with red cement . It is speculated that the service department be either lengthened to fit axerophthol longer gondola , Beaver State that the eastern third had to live reconstruct ; the building 's hip cap show up no subscribe of have be lengthened . The garage have two doors and two window . Both the doors and windows wealthy person two rowlock brick archway terminated them . The elevator car entrance is on the west side ; antiophthalmic factor passage door be on the north position . A clear @-@ glass window with 16 pane of glass is on the eastward side . On the Cicily Isabel Fairfield side , north of the railway car spellbind , live type A window with chamfer lead @-@ glass panes , which seem clear from the out-of-door just red from privileged the building . It has personify speculated that this window live part of the parish 's foremost church .