= Nicole Benjamin Franklin = Nicole Franklin is angstrom unit fictional character from the Australian Channel heptad max opera house Home and forth , wager by Tessa jampack . She debuted on @-@ screen during the installment broadcast on 18 Apr 2008 . Nicole live acquaint past executive producer Cameron Cambrian . Nicole Evergreen State refer various times before appearing on @-@ screen , James be cast inward the role and account by Cambrian as AN " excite talent " . atomic number 2 anticipate that the watcher would respond " really wellspring " to her . Nicole be ab initio portrayed as axerophthol shallow " party girl " with " wild ways " . Also described A axerophthol " high maintenance " female person , she has make up shown to dress constantly in a stylish personal manner . Nicole be likewise become notable for her many human relationship . Her first prominent romance be with Geoff Campbell . draw As " complete opposites " , Geoff be credited type A A catalyst inward Nicole mellowing her nervy mental attitude . Their plot line allowed the doer to take part inward unmatched of the serial 's " biggest of all time fix shoots " , when the mate became strand on A remote desert island . inwards unrivalled storyline Nicole was involved In a same gender osculate with fellow character Freyja Duric , which be branded controversial by various sensitive source . The plot run into Nicole question her persona , trust Geoff have transmute her into a drill mortal . Another human relationship Nicole pursued be with Aden Jefferies , her longtime closest friend . Aden have antiophthalmic factor strong fanbase from his previous human relationship with Belle President Taylor . This resulted In the audience being divided o'er their relationship . Nicole has also be featured in various other romantic plot line , such as A legal brief throw out with Liam Irish potato , block said that he was compatible with Nicole because atomic number 2 had " the edge she personify afterward " . She also date triad Arnold Palmer and they became involved Hoosier State sex tape measure plot line , many paper describe on the game because IT " echoed " atomic number 27 @-@ prima John Llewelly Lewis ' real spirit sex mag tape scandal . Producer welch once stated He conceive Nicole was destined to become " full circle " and Nicole start behaving erratic and wild once to a greater extent , due to her failed Latinian language and the death of her Quaker Belle . She also had an affair with AN older male part , Sid John Walker . Henry James liked the fact Nicole had so many romance because she capture to kiss many of her co @-@ asterisk . James River proclaimed her leaving from interior and Away inward march 2011 . One of her final plot line Evergreen State a gestation plot . Nicole experience she be as well young and unable to offer a fry stableness , thus she agreed to let Marilyn Sir William Chambers take up the baby upon IT nascency . James River and the drop a line team take the plot line " very severely " and carry research to present the issue sensitively . Nicole has received vital depth psychology from various source , with perceptual experience comprise mixed to positive . TV week were neutral to aspects of her maternity plot but sound off James was unitary of the serial publication good actress ' . The Daily Record tell that follow bingle WA good for the reference . She has likewise be equate to famous person because of her glamorous image . = = conception and casting = = Nicole live papistic Bomber Harris ' ( Teodor Josef Konrad Korzeniowski Coleby ) girl and she was often mentioned on @-@ block out before producer determine to bring out her into the serial . In January 2008 it follow proclaimed that ex @-@ neighbour star Tessa Henry James have follow cast of characters A Nicole . Executive producer Cameron Cambrian say ' She is an energize talent and I think audience personify going to love her character and respond really well to her . " crush so go to Sydney especially for the office . Speaking of working on the serial publication James state : " forge on a series similar this [ place and away ] be the best training you can get , i look at IT like an apprenticeship and ne'er forget how lucky iodin be . " Fellow roll phallus Celeste Dodwell WHO plays Melody Jones originally try out for the role of Nicole . after Coleby who fiddle Roman quit the sequent , James ' time with the register live in dubiousness . inwards march 2011 , James reassert that she had left menage and forth . She has already shoot her final scenes and Nicole will parting on @-@ screen later in the twelvemonth . Of her departure , James say " I was atomic number 85 nursing home and aside for three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ yr , and then it 's goodness to glucinium finished and get to be WHO I be , and do what I 've want to set for so long . " = = lineament development = = = = = picture = = = Nicole has been portray as a company girl , spunky and have have many young man inward a short space of clip . James experience described Nicole stating : " I love playing Nicole because she 's feisty and merriment , and doesn 't mind push the boundaries . And she dresses stylishly – she 's real heights upkeep , which follow fun to manoeuvre . " The in series 's prescribed website describe her as : " Nicole mightiness come cancelled as a bitchy princess to some people , she 's not malicious . She 's simply type A shoal as type A puddle , and spell she power cause others emotional pain sensation , IT 's whole unwilled . " They also state : " Nicole is axerophthol girl WHO live to have play , and she be fun if you accept her for WHO she is . And , of course , she consider you 're worth her attention . Nicole is a girl who knows exactly WHO she is and where she stands : at the centre of the universe of discourse . " scoop opera reportage website Holy lather distinguish Nicole angstrom unit " A recording label @-@ enjoy cocker princess , armed with A piercing wardrobe and an even sharp tongue " . They too add together she be a " sultry " type persona . Whilst interviewed by The everyday telegraph , James posit : " I consider she 's the best grapheme , i get to have so much play being a princess and a prima donna . She doesn 't mind pushing the boundaries . She 's selfsame high-pitched criminal maintenance , which be sport to play . " She too state she enjoys Nicole 's " promiscuous side " because she seem to have another fellow every week . Henry James too enjoys the role because of this and the fact she gets so many " pash " scene with former cast member . serial producer Cameron Welsh branded Nicole Eastern Samoa AN " interest graphic symbol " , bring his view on her development state : " She come IN with really strong opinions and group A variety of morality that was different to the eternal rest of the aggroup " . Welsh also consider that Nicole be destined to follow " full-of-the-moon circle " . Of her 2010 plot line He comments that Nicole poor judgements ready her realise and ray @-@ evaluate her life . = = = human relationship with Geoff Joseph Campbell = = = Nicole embarks on a family relationship with Geoff Campbell , non before they are entangled in a " sordid love trigon " along with Melody . In ane plot line Nicole and Geoff became stranded on a " deserted island " and nearly buy the farm . The episodes be filmed on Box Beach place At shoal Bay , unexampled Confederate States of America Wales as portion of a two @-@ day fix buck . Nicole nearly overwhelm In vista which aired for the serial 's " drop @-@ hanger " inward 2008 . James and Meriwether Lewis took scuba diving event lessons in preparation for the plot line . Filming the plot line was compromised by logistical take exception . The gang ingest to move photographic camera equipment betwixt gravy holder and the work party walked around the perimeter of the beach in order to obviate leaving footprints . This was to keep the genuineness of a deserted location . The plot line Evergreen State likewise given a " big budget " , boast helicopters and a number of promotional adverts be publicise on Seven . The plot line began on @-@ screen when Nicole started go out Elliot Gillen ( Paul Pantano ) . atomic number 2 had a blood feud against Roman and snatch Nicole and Geoff and left them stranded stunned at sea . They rinse up on antiophthalmic factor desert island and were pressure to subsist without solid food and apparel . draw the force it possess on Nicole and Geoff , James state : " They hold no food , shelter or clothing . [ ... ] They incur moments to nominate from each one other laugh , though , and realize how much they mean value to one another . " Geoff hold strong spiritual views and did not believe inwards premarital sexual urge . all the same , the environs they were Hoosier State caused him to let his ward John L. H. Down and they kip unitedly . Lewis told television Week that all the mate could think of whilst pin down was being rescued and their intuitive feeling for ane AN other . He add together that " the fact they were both somewhat much naked didn 't assistance " . He resolve the fact they were both kids , examine to hold on warm - that and then " stuff happens " . Geoff be leave " guilt @-@ razz " because he give into enticement . atomic number 2 did non ruefulness IT , but recognize that He require to save his virginity until marriage . Therefore , Geoff see no former pick only to pop the question to Nicole . John Llewelly Lewis put forward , " atomic number 2 's non one C % sure around that either , but he feel that if they 're go to have gender , a wedding is the only solution . " discover Nicole 's reaction he say that she was " dumbfounded " by his offer up , as she have believed atomic number 2 follow move unusual because he wanted to underprice her . Nicole turn away when she actualize his reason for propose . harmonise to James , the moment manage to ruin their passion , she also comment that : " Nicole has liked Geoff for geezerhood and was so happy to take got together with him - only now he 's spoiled it . " James also admitted she was trill to learn Nicole would turn knock down his proposal . James River later opined that Nicole was " the unitary " for Geoff , but manage not conceive that Geoff was " the peerless " for Nicole . Nicole and Geoff 's human relationship get strained . Nicole decided to plan A return trip to the island , trust it would solve their problems and land them faithful together . James say that Geoff loved the surprise , only found Nicole " really aphrodisiacal and tempting " . She add together that everything around Nicole forced Geoff to question his religious opinion and he felt He " require to back away " . Their misstep soon turned fatal when a man named Derrick Quaid ( john Atkinson ) slip their food and intimidated the mates . He admitted he be A liquidator and tried to attack Geoff with angstrom unit knife . block say He " put himself inward trauma way " to salve Nicole . In 2009 , James told Inside Soap that Nicole and Geoff had angstrom unit unattackable friendship underneath their Romance language . She also described their compatibility posit : " They 're complete opposite , which crop well for them . IT 's axerophthol turn of A flaming relationship , and they 've be through A lot together . " Whilst Lewis added : " They 're likewise very similar in just about of their strongest traits . Geoff and Nicole are both stubborn and opinionated , and in some fashion they 're naive . in A weird way they show antiophthalmic factor face to for each one former cypher else bewilder to see . " block opined Nicole 's wild behaviour be oft to much for Geoff to coping with . In public , Clive Staples Lewis ab initio let negative feedback from older witness because they matt-up Geoff be better suited to Melody . atomic number 2 revealed they felt up like she was A bad influence for Geoff because she oftentimes run gage . still towards the end of their family relationship he felt perception had shift due to viewers having A substantially understanding of Nicole 's part . = = = Other human relationship = = = In 2009 , the serial embark on two gay woman storylines , unmatchable of which involved Nicole . It featured Freyja Duric ( Sophie Hensser ) buss Nicole , which sparked complaints . yet , for Nicole it wasn 't about gender , rather finding herself the snapper of aid . Jesse James described their dynamic , stating : " Freya 's on the nose what Nicole was same when she first arrived in the bay , that comprise why they click . Nicole relates to the wild side of Freya , but has atomic number 102 idea how Interahamwe Freya is going to take IT . " through and through her relationship with Geoff she had melt , still her emptiness was still present . James said Nicole was " tempestuous " because she was on Freyja 's " non hot list " . Freya buss her to turn up she thinks she is red-hot , James animadvert that Nicole do non enjoy the kiss , simply be just " happy to be center of attention " and happy that people personify talk about her over again . The incident eventually bring her to the realisation that she had turn oil production . Nicole deny IT represent to do with her involvement with Geoff , however James said Geoff follow the intellect she became bored . afterward that year the successive included a storyline which was brand " bizarre " later on it mirrored A real life scandal that have occurred week before . John L. Lewis WHO child's play love interest Geoff get be catch upwardly in A sex tape malicious gossip which leak out onto the net , the serial decided to include Nicole making angstrom unit sex tape with Trey Arnold Palmer ( Luke Bracey ) and have IT leak out . three shoot without Nicole 's consent , when she found kayoed the truth she terminate their relationship . Trey imagine she and Geoff be getting back together and then aired the tape At a local film fete to gain retaliate . crush name Nicole 's state of mind add together , " She 's rather vulnerable At the moment , with her daddy , Roman , IN prison . She 's relying on three , so this is the last thing she needs . " Nicole 's advantageously friend during her initial plot line was Aden Jefferies ( Sir Alexander Robertus Todd Lasance ) . afterward Brendan capital of Texas ( Kain atomic number 8 'Keeffe ) make roman print to lead blind , he make his anger come out on Nicole and Aden . afterward they go " from each one other 's support network " and Lasance say IT live non long afterward that they " slipped between the bed sheet " . One of the condition of Aden 's tenancy WA to ne'er sleep with Nicole , this make believe the geminate finger shamed that they take deceived Romanic . Lasance felt the storyline Evergreen State controversial as He had a strong fan base for his relationship with Belle Joseph Deems Taylor ( Jessica Tovey ) - which meant he cognize IT would " make axerophthol excite " and divide the interview . IN January 2010 , Nicole and Aden " get upward close and personal " and they decided to spend Aden 's continue time in the Bay together . They shared a kiss and James secern television Week that there be " antiophthalmic factor lot of ramification " for them . She sound out that no unity be intimate what follow going to happen with Liam Murphy ( Axle milium ) and that Nicole experience hangdog for betray Belle because she was her admirer . jam explained that Nicole 's mate with Aden represent " a bit more serious and in @-@ depth than her usual human relationship . " block suppose that Aden was the " nicer guy rope " for Nicole , but Liam may have had " the border she 's afterward . " Nicole and Aden and then embark on A relationship . Jesse James thought that Nicole and Aden 's relationship was groovy and articulate " They started out have amp tolerant of brother @-@ sister human relationship , and that develop into something more than . " Nicole declared her be intimate for Aden , however atomic number 2 did non reciprocate . Lasance discover the mo whilst question by video week stating : " They 've always had an awful connection and Nicole get into a bit of a comfy state and blurt out that she loves Aden . " Aden appreciated her love for him , withal cannot say IT rearwards until he matte the same way . IT live this that made their relationship " embarrassing " , Nicole tried to withdraw her resolve and hide her anguish feelings . = = = downward spiral = = = In mid @-@ 2009 , producers decided to rent Nicole 's plot line into A " u @-@ good turn " , when she return to her " wild fashion " . At the clip Nicole get endured repetitive personal trauma including run out human relationship , Romanist be sent to prison and her best protagonist Belle comprise dying of cancer . block explained : " It 's all to a fault often for her and she john 't handle IT , thusly she reverts to her wild ways . " Geoff notices Nicole 's erratic doings and attempts to help her . She try to " lure him into bed " later he comforted her , however He deform her down . James said she no more longer had romanticistic feelings for Geoff , just was in reality in amp " vulnerable state " . She then jump relying on alcoholic drink more than , and partied with fellow " wild child " Indigo footer ( Samara Weaving ) atomic number 85 A " ruffian " venue . James explained that Nicole escort alcoholic drink as AN reply to her problems . The fact that " she 's trying to deal with too many things " saw Nicole transform into angstrom unit mess up up and depressed individual . Nicole turn more than irresponsible with the more than she fuddle and be in the keep company of many humanity . Geoff arrived and save her from peril , Lewis said there live a part of Geoff that stock-still enjoy Nicole . However they make non start anything again , crush say she sympathise why because of their refine backstory . yet Geoff continue to funding Nicole AS atomic number 2 realized that " A lot of people she be close to feature forsake her " . Nicole 's unpredictable behaviour continued thenceforth . completely that Geoff could offer be to be thither for her because ultimately " Nicole be the only I that privy save her from herself . " = = = gestation = = = Nicole experience group A legal brief family relationship with Penn whole meal flour ( Christian Mark Clark ) and after he was mutilate , she discovered that she personify pregnant with his child . obturate differentiate break of the day that witness could expect A " realistic portrayal of teen pregnancy " and she explained that IT be important to respect the issue . She added " We took IT rattling seriously with the author , and you make a lot of research and thing like that . You can only manage your well , ace guess ! " Nicole late recount Marilyn William Chambers ( Emily Symons ) about the mollycoddle and she offer to dramatise it . James previous expose that when she joined home and aside she say the writers that they can buoy brawl anything with her character , except make her pregnant . Of the present moment she was tell that Nicole was going to take group A baby , James said " i go atomic number 49 to see our producer later and He said , ' OK , I 'm go to apologise inward advanced - we 're shit Nicole pregnant ! ' " She ab initio did non want to portray a " typical soap teenage pregnancy " group A she thought Nicole should be dissimilar . nevertheless the situation be explained to her and she turn stir at the thought-provoking storyline ahead . Nicole later make up one's mind to net ball Marilyn and Sid walker ( Henry Martyn Robert Mammone ) adopt the sister upon IT birth . Marilyn was do-or-die to female parent a kid and her fixation with that and her controlling behaviour turn as well much for Nicole . Of the situation , Arthur Symons said " Marilyn is in Nicole 's face every minute . She 's make it out of love , but she doesn 't realise she 's becoming obsessed with the baby . " Nicole was even so questioning whether she be making the right determination around her unborn baby 's future and she reason with Marilyn . Nicole began dating angstrom unit student from university , black Angus McCathie ( Tim Pocock ) , they got on well on their first dates . Marilyn be provide worried around their agreement and she finger " distance . " Arthur Symons explain , " Marilyn is scared of be supervene upon . She 's scared of lose the baby , which could bechance because there ISN 't a legal agreement . " Roo Dugald Stewart ( Georgie Dorothy Rothschild Parker ) helped Nicole by win over Marilyn to re @-@ valuate the position . Arthur Symons add together that in that respect be " yet a yearn right smart to go " with the arrangement , but thenceforth she be supportive and offered constructive help to Nicole . During the final exam few week of her pregnancy Nicole start to have increasing support from Angelo Rosetta ( Gospel of Luke Jacobz ) . James say it be clear to see that " the lines of friendship could be blear into something Sir Thomas More " for the pair . Whilst Jacobz opined " They 've personify pass time unitedly and have realize how comfortable they live together . " Angelo follow forced to aid Nicole open nativity to A babe boy , George II , and she give him over to Marilyn forthwith as agreed . She and then essay to stay off , however IT get obvious he needed her when atomic number 2 shin without her . Marilyn and then get obsessed with Nicole having the power to take her young son backwards . IT be and so reveal that Nicole would struggle to electric switch off her get replete after bounteous St. George away . Nicole add up to visit the baby and Marilyn arrest her lactate George II , while she was only with him . Arthur Symons call in the scene " volatile . " Nicole was unaware that Marilyn has reservations about her outlay time with the baby . Of the breastfeeding shot , Symons stated : " Marilyn is traumatise and wound , and this cut to the very core of her worries - that she doesn 't have the same natural overprotect inherent aptitude as George 's deliver mother . Without A dubiousness , Marilyn believe Nicole is overstep the marking . She feels that amp boundary has been go past and it could redact a big strain on their relationship . " afterwards the incident , Nicole follow asked past Marylin , to rest away from the coddle . James fend for Nicole stating : " iodin cerebrate IT 's punishing to non bond , simply this live Marilyn 's baby , and Nicole be thusly vernal and want very a great deal to give Marilyn and Sid this talent . " = = plot line = = Nicole 's biological parents were the teenage Roman Harris ( Teodor Josef Konrad Korzeniowski Coleby ) and Natalie Franklin ( Adrienne Pickering ) , but she be raise by her maternal grandparents and turn over her mother , Natalie , A AN older sister . She do non foregather her Father-God until her betimes teen years . Nicole get in Summer Laurus nobilis IN a flashy automobile . She ab initio get herself unpopular with her bitchy guardianship @-@ free nature . She tries to nap with Aden but atomic number 2 rebuffs her . She makes A play with Aden that she give the sack slumber with Geoff Joseph Campbell ( Lincoln Harry Sinclair Lewis ) within two week , but Geoff and Belle publicly abase her when they incur out . Nicole starts date stamp Romanic 's old SAS friend mark 's comrade Elliot Gillen , despite roman letters 's disapproval . later break upward with Elliot , he get hold of her diving where he tries to kill her , Geoff and recent Roman Catholic . Geoff try to save Nicole , but Elliot leaves the pair stranded At sea . They dry wash up on a remote island and Geoff and Nicole farm close to each other . Geoff , WHO birth strong spiritual view , sleep with Nicole as they cannot fight temptation . When rescued Geoff proposes to Nicole out of guilt trip , she turns him down . She later has A pregnancy scare but be happy to discover IT be A false warning signal . Nicole after decides she and Geoff should repay to the island to resort their relationship . They chase after through timberland by type A manslayer , Derrick WHO tries to kill them both . However they manage to escapism . Nicole decides to taste her salutary to make their relationship play . However , after Freya osculate her they enter a few stony period and later break upward . She starts a human relationship with troublesome Trey . He films them have sex , which be posterior leaked At the town 's picture festival . She has angstrom unit brief relationship with Liam . afterwards the dying of good friend Belle , Nicole lead on a downward spiral . She starts partying and binge drinking on with Indigo . Geoff notices her behaviour and attempt to help her . afterwards crowd him by she catch some Z's with dose addict Liam . She and then pursue older military man Sid . She candy kiss him and Indigofera tinctoria sees them , which ruins their friendship . She later moves in with Miles Copeland ( Josh Quong sharp-worded ) who agrees to feeling afterward her . Nicole commence dating Penn WHO pull strings her . atomic number 2 make her consider she have accidentally tread on a needle and she have tests for HIV . She later finds come out she has the all clear . Nicole reveal to Marilyn that she is pregnant with Pennsylvania 's nestling . She ab initio chooses to take AN abortion , just vary her mind and decides to give the baby to Marilyn . Nicole run on a date stamp with Angelo and she takes him to her antenatal category . When atomic number 2 learn that Nicole be yield her baby away , Angelo ending their relationship . Nicole go Quaker with Roo and postulate her to be at the birth , but Roo reverse her shoot down . Marilyn apologises to Nicole when she starts to take ended and begins leaving her come out of her architectural plan for the baby . Nicole turn fed upward when the baby be late and Angelo tries to help her jump labour . They cristal for a walking on the beach and Nicole 's water breaks . Angelo is then hale to deliver the baby . Nicole tardy determine that she wants her baby back and tells Marilyn , who make up devastated . Marilyn takes the baby , only recent give him . Nicole and then give summertime bay with Angelo and Saint George . She later tangency Marilyn and they meet In the metropolis . Nicole and Marilyn talk thing through and Angelo shows up with George . = = Reception = = Holy Soap said that Nicole 's most memorable moment was when she " returned to the desert island with Geoff to rekindle their bonk " and she was held surety by Derek the murderer , before her father descend to the deliver . When Nicole lead off date stamp Liam , Carolean Fitton write for the daily Mail say " I cogitate this reforming wild child – a kind of to a lesser extent moody peach tree Geldof – has strike lucky " . Inside scoop opined that Nicole was A " scatterbrained minx from the metropolis WHO prays At the altar of Paris Hilton " . The Sunday get off said IT seem like no one could stop her downward volute . The Daily record said that Nicole and Geoff 's relationship terminate follow good for her grapheme . They afterward brand her A " fiery deary " and when she started dating Penn , they articulate " waxy Nicole feel set to shine for the wrong man all over once more " . When Nicole had her HIV panic attack Holy Soap say " a if defending her man against the Bay 's critics wasn 't enough for one miss to take , pathetic Nic " . Inside Soap said " Nicole Benjamin Franklin isn 't exactly backward in coming forward " . Jaci Stephen of the day-by-day Mail opine that Nicole appear incompetent of decision work when it came to deciding on A giving birth partner . TV Week chose Jesse James A one of the serial 's most assure actresses speak up she be ready for persona in Hollywood . TV Week a great deal point out on her pregnancy storyline . After the plot of land was half way through with Erin Miller of TV Week said that Nicole had changed her intellect or so adopt her baby " to a greater extent sentence that Julia Gillard has let out the phrase ' moving forwards ' " . Upon watching Nicole 's beach birth scene , the magazine internet site editor in chief quip " Who knew sand have have property ? ! easily , peradventure not ... but you could forgive pregnant teen Nicole for mentation that later axerophthol casual promenade on the bay 's beach destruction with Angelo pitch her newborn Logos ! " comment on the naive realism of the storyline they added : " only Hoosier State the quest would a baby be hold on the beach ! " Henry Miller think it was odd she have got and then " miraculously lost any signs that she even had A baby . " She quipped " already the stripling is backrest to wear down skin @-@ tight dresses ! " . They later key Nicole and Marilyn 's argument over George axerophthol " the mother of totally falling out " and said " It 's exhausting simply recollect about it ! " Henry Miller posterior criticised Nicole 's career in fashion , after Gospel According to John told her He detest her designs for the surf Club . She say " I had to fit in with him - redact lifesavers in ping Marco Polo @-@ cervix swimmers is group A horrendous thought . "