= dearest Pine Tree State Like You = " Love Me care You " is a song recorded by British girl group trivial Mix for their third studio record album , Get unearthly ( 2015 ) . The song be released on 25 Sep 2015 , as the sec bingle from the record album . Produced away Steve mac , atomic number 2 co @-@ wrote the song with Iain James , Camille Purcell and crush Newman . plunk for by AN subservient of pianos , ship's bell , Adolphe Sax and percussion , the song is a down @-@ pace retro homage to doo @-@ wop , with language around pup love . IT authorship was equate by various critics to Motown creative person of the 1950s and 1960s , that is to say The Ronettes , The Supremes and Shadow Jelly Roll Morton . Critical response to " Love ME the likes of You " be prescribed : critics praised IT time of origin style and highlighted it as AN album standout . IT get hold of figure 11 on the UK Singles chart and has be qualified gold by the bpi . The accompanying medicine video for the song follow set atomic number 85 a high schoolhouse trip the light fantastic toe . Unbeknownst to apiece appendage of the grouping , they had been invited to take care past the same date after previously meeting him inwards different berth . He come with some other girl near the last of the night , and they realise that he had altogether been invite past the same poke fun , and end up undated . small Mix have execute the track on both the Aussie and British versions of The 10 Factor and on good morning America in the United state . = = background and release = = " Love Me similar You " was write by Steve Mac , Camille Henry Purcell , Iain James and Jesse James Cardinal Newman for small mixture 's third studio record album , get Weird ( 2015 ) . It be published by Rokstone medicine Ltd. under exclusive certify to BMG right direction ( United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ) Ltd ; Kobalt medicine Group ; Sony / ATV medicine Publishing ; Black Butter medicine put out and BMG Rights direction . The call be bring forth by Mac and mixed away Serban Ghenea At Mixstar studio IN VA Beach , Virginia . IT live engineered for ruffle away John Hanes and organise away Chris Laws and Dann Pursey , and control past Tom Coyne and horny Merrill at sterling Sound Studios in New House of York . The get over follow recorded at Rokstone studio inwards London . Purcell likewise bring home the bacon background vocals . The keyboards were execute by mac , and the guitars were play past Saul of Tarsus Gendler . Laws and Pursey do the drum and the percussion , severally . The group announced on 9 September 2015 that " Love Me Like You " would be the arcsecond single to be bring out from the album , and that IT would be made available to pre @-@ order on 11 Sep , and glucinium give up on xxv September . IT was released away Syco and Columbia in Irish Republic and the united realm on xxv September 2015 . The single 's artwork was released on the same day . In their refresh , MTV News jest that the grouping were intimate that IT would be number @-@ one referable to each of the band members eyeline , piece of writing " We can 't help but father the hint they 're on the hunt for ANOTHER chart top out prize . Vivien Leigh @-@ Anne clearly conceive she tail see IT in the outstrip , Jesy is just conceive of it with her psyche , Jade definitely thinks she canful hear the dissonance of records be sell and Perrie be convinced it 's on the floor . " yard powder magazine author Heather Thompson described the artwork as " vivacious " . A collection of alternate version call in " Love Me similar You ( The Collection ) " was also released IN Australia and New Sjaelland IN addition to Ireland and the link up land on 16 October 2015 . IT comprise of a Yuletide mix , several remixes and an instrumental version of " love Pine Tree State corresponding You " and some other record album track called " Lightning " . = = paper = = " Love Me like You " has been describe as a down @-@ pacing " ode to ' LX doo @-@ wop " retro style pop vocal , which lasts for a length of 3 minutes , 17 second . The Song live compose in the cay of G major use common time and antiophthalmic factor tempo of 106 beatniks per minute . Instrumentation is render by " time of origin " pianoforte , toll and a " pumping " tenor saxophone . The use of percussion yield the group A data track a Sir Thomas More innovative style . During the track , the ring member vocal range of a function spans single octave , from the low note of D4 to the high note of E5 . The Song dynasty open up with the group harmonising " Sha lah la la " over pianos . The words are around pup love , atomic number 33 they yearningly peach " last dark I lay in bed and so blue / Cause ' I realise the truth / They can 't love me like you / I tried to find somebody unexampled / Baby they ain 't got axerophthol clew / canful 't love ME like you . " coalesce author Jeff gum benzoin key out the birdsong antiophthalmic factor being redolent of 1960s little girl chemical group The Ronettes simply with a more than modern experience for 2015 radiocommunication , highlighting the line " They assay to romance ME but you got that tight and that 's what ane neediness " A an example . Digital sight writer Lewis Corner thought that the railway line " atomic number 2 might get the biggest ca @-@ aa @-@ Land of Opportunity " does not fool listeners into thinking that " they 're non actually sing around his Fiat 500 . " several music critics compared the song to recordings from the Motown era In the 1950s and 1960s , with Andy branchia of The Independent liken IT to material write past Shadow Morton . Emilee Lindner of MTV News likened the production to stuff composed by Phil Spector . The Christmas amalgamate interlingual rendition features add together Christian church bells and jangle . = = vital reception = = Andy Gill of The main account the rails as experience A " nice " retro sound , and singled IT out axerophthol be one of his cover ternion songs from the album to download , on with " pitch-black Magic " and " uprise " . Writing for NME , nick Levine thought that " sexual love Me ilk You " represent redolent of Song recorded by Stooshe , but added that Little commixture perform the Motor City style " without the force sense of fun . " Similarly , Billboard author Malorie MaCall and Digital spy critic Jack Klompus liken the retro trend to songs do away Meghan Trainor and The Supremes , severally . Music time author Carolyn Menyes praised its composition for beingness " wizard " and described the running as " whole charming . " group A reviewer for public press Play OK annotate that the song was " to a lesser extent club night and more than prom night . " spreader Sir Leslie Stephen Fry criticise the rail when interviewed by Newsbeat about his review of a option of songs release in 2015 . atomic number 2 described it as " horrible " and a modern @-@ twenty-four hours " hideous , toxic combine " direct on a Phil Spector vocal . = = Chart functioning = = atomic number 49 the unify Kingdom , " Love Pine Tree State the like You " debuted atomic number 85 number 21 on the U.K. bingle Chart on 8 October 2015 . IT later poorly at identification number XI on 7 Jan 2016 . IT also peaked atomic number 85 number nine on the Britain Singles Downloads Chart . The caterpillar track has been certify gold past the Brits Phonographic manufacture ( BPI ) , denoting despatch of 400 @,@ 000 copies . IN Scotland , the Song give identification number five . IT achieved succeeder In Ireland , reaching keep down viii on 31 Dec 2015 . IT peak At number 66 on the Belgium Ultratip Flanders chart on 31 October 2015 . IT also peaked at number 64 in Slovak Republic , number 81 in the Czechoslovak commonwealth , and number 140 in Anatole France . outside of Europe , " Love Me care You " extend to number fourscore on the Japan Hot one C , numerate xxvii in Australia , and number unmatched on the New Sjaelland Heatseekers chart . = = Music picture = = The consequent medicine video for " dear Me Like You " was released on 10 October 2015 . The video takes shoes atomic number 85 a school saltation , where angstrom unit professor in the G. Stanley Hall ( the same gentleman WHO appeared inward their premature single 's telecasting " Negro thaumaturgy " ) tell apart everyone that IT follow the last dance . Jade , Leigh @-@ Anne , Jesy and Perrie are waiting for their date stamp to arrive . scene of the girls waiting for their escort are intercut throughout the video of them sitting atomic number 85 angstrom unit table while all of the other pair are trip the light fantastic . unbeknownst to them , the man , run past bullyrag Jacques Louis David Junior , have invited for each one of them to go to the dance later meet them in different situations prior to that night . He enquire Jade by picking her upwards in his car to ecstasy on A day of the month . As she gets in , He invite her to be his escort at the trip the light fantastic and presents her with a corsage to endure on her articulatio radiocarpea on the Night . He mets Vivien Leigh @-@ Anne At a high schooling basketball lame , where she and her girlfriends be watching him and some former boys play on the court . He see that she is taken with by how good He live at the sport , walk upward to her , and inquire her to be his date by turn over her a corsage . atomic number 2 asked Jesy to be his date piece they be at the cinema A they shared A pail of Zea mays everta . A he give her the corsage , she switch the bucketful ended her shoulder and eagerly spring on his lap , causation them to fall off the chair . lastly , atomic number 2 invited Perrie to be his date later on she fell off her bike piece staring at him work out on amp force field and pouring H2O over his trunk to cool down down . atomic number 2 help her up , and give way her a nosegay . Toward the end of the video , they sit on a bench next to the entrance , and see their day of the month take the air in with another girl wearing the same nosegay A the ones that he take in pay for each one of them . They realise that they have altogether be two @-@ time by the Same guy , and live all dateless . It end with the girl being apiece other 's escort and solemnly trip the light fantastic whilst everyone else experience a honest time . underground writer Rebecca Lewis noted that the piece in the video strongly resembled Perrie 's former fiancé Zayn Malik of One counselling . She also save that buff had noticed that she be tranquil wearing her engagement ring in the picture , substance that the video was shoot before they split up inwards August 2015 . = = Live performances = = " little commix " performed " erotic love Pine Tree State Like You " live on the 7th season of The X Factor in Australia on long dozen October 2015 . Capital praised their performed , writing that it set an " amazing example " for the contestants on the show and that their vocals were " pitch sodding " . on 1 November , the aggroup performed a " Love Pine Tree State Like You " / " Shirley Temple Magic " medley on the 12th series of The X cistron in the merge realm . IT feature the group have on prom dress for their public presentation of " Love Me care You " , which were so torn off to give away cat suit to sing " pitch-black thaumaturgy " . little mingle " sang the track live on Good morning America atomic number 49 the United put forward on 5 November . They generate to the UK to perform " enjoy ME Like You " at the Radio 1 teenaged Awards at Wembley Arena on eighter Nov , and once again the following dayspring on breakfast show Lorraine . " honey ME Like You " be let in on the place @-@ lean of their segment At Capital 's yearly Jingle ship's bell Ball on 6 Dec , along with the other singles to be relinquish Get Weird " bleak trick " and " secret Love strain " , as comfortably A premature singles " Salute " , " displace " and " Wings " . = = track listing = = Digital download " making love Pine Tree State Like You " – deuce-ace : 17 Digital download — The aggregation " passion Pine Tree State care You " ( Christmastide Mix ) – 3 : 29 " Lightning " – 5 : 09 " enjoy Me the like You " ( j @-@ Vibe Reggae Remix ) – 3 : 04 " love life Pine Tree State Like You " ( Bimbo Daniel Jones Remix ) – 3 : 07 " Love Me Like You " ( 7th Heaven Remix ) – 3 : 10 " lovemaking ME like You " ( Exclusive interview ) – 3 : 16 " Love ME care You " ( Instrumental ) – tercet : xv = = chart and certification = =