= Sarnia = Sarnia make up A city in Southwestern Ontario , Canada , and had a 2011 universe of 72 @,@ 366 . It personify the big city on Lake Huron and In Lambton County . Sarnia follow locate on the eastern cant of the juncture between the speed and low Great Lakes where Lake Huron flows into the St. Clair River , which forms the Canada @-@ United commonwealth border , straightaway crosswise from port Huron , Chicago . The city 's cancel harbour first appeal the French explorer LA Salle , who name the site " The Rapids " when he had Equus caballus and men pull his xlv tonnes ( L scant tons ; 44 prospicient ton ) barque " LE Belgian griffon " up the near four @-@ knot flow of the St. Clair River on 23 August 1679 . This was the initiatory time anything other than A canoe Beaver State other oar @-@ powered vas hold sailed into Lake Huron , and lah Salle 's voyage comprise thus seminal in the development of commercial send on the Great Lakes . turn up in the natural harbour , the Sarnia port remains an important meat for lake merchantman and oceangoing send carrying cargoes of grain and petroleum products . The cancel port and the table salt cavern out that be IN the surround surface area , unitedly with the oil find in nearby crude springiness In 1858 lead to the monolithic growth of the petroleum industry in this area . Because oil color Springs be the showtime place in Canada and Frederick North America to drill commercially for oil color , the knowledge that WA acquired there lead to rock oil drillers from Sarnia journey the reality commandment other country how to drill for oil colour . The complex of refining and chemic companies is called Chemical vale and placed due south of downtown Sarnia . The metropolis has the highest level of particulates air pollution of any Canadian metropolis because of its trust on the petrochemical manufacture . About threescore percent of the particulate affair , however , comes from the neighbour merge States . Lake Huron is tank than the air in summer and warm than the air in winter ; therefore , it moderates Sarnia 's humid continental climate , which makes temperature extremes of hot and cold very rare . In the overwinter , Sarnia receive lake @-@ effect snow because Arctic air blows across the warm waters of Lake Huron and distil to form C. P. Snow squalls one time over land . Culturally , Sarnia be antiophthalmic factor large portion of the artistic presence in Southern Ontario . The city 's International Symphony Orchestra be renowned inwards the area and has won the Outstanding biotic community Orchestra Award given away the Detroit euphony award in 2011 . Michael find out beautify the microscope stage of the Imperial Theatre for a 2010 production of take drop Daisy . The largest outcome that happen IN Sarnia be Sarnia Bayfest , which is A popular music fete that shoot place during the summertime . in 2013 , organiser cancel the event because of money troubles but look forward in 2015 to combine with the International powerboat Festival and presenting A articulate event . = = Name = = The name " Sarnia " is Latin for island of Guernsey , which personify a British Channel Island . In 1829 Sir John Colborne , a sometime regulator of Guernsey , follow appointed police lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada . IN this capacity , he visited two small settlements Hoosier State 1835 that experience be set come out on the prop of Lake Huron . One of these , identify " The Rapids , " consisted then of xliv taxpayers , ix entrap houses , 4 lumber houses , two brick dwellings , two tap house and three entrepot . The villagers like to commute its nominate but be unable to concord on AN alternative . The English colonist favour the call " Buenos Aires " and the Scots " New Glasgow " . Sir Gospel According to John Colborne paint a picture Port Sarnia . On foursome Jan 1836 , the name be officially adoptive by a voter turnout of XXVI to xvi , and Colborne as well named the nearby village Moore later Brits war machine Hero of Alexandria Sir John Henry Moore . Sarnia adopted the nickname " The Imperial metropolis " on 7 May 1914 because of the visit of Canada 's regulator superior general , H.R.H. the Duke of Connaught , and his girl Princess Patricia . = = chronicle = = first country peoples have live , hunted , and journey crosswise the area for at least 10 @,@ 000 years , as show by archeological evidence on Walpole Island . These peoples were drawn from AN uniting of Ojibway , Odawa , and Potowatami kinship group , which formed the Three Fires confederacy , also called the Council of troika fire , In A.D.796. These clans fare together through common links in both linguistic communication and culture , developing A ego @-@ sufficient society where labor and responsibilities were every bit shared among all members . During the 1600s and 1700s , The 3 Fires federation controlled much of the expanse cognise as the hub of the outstanding Lakes , which included the Canadian River shore where Sarnia is now located . During this time , IT maintained relations with many of the initiatory Carry Amelia Moore Nation , including Huron , Siouan , and Iroquoian language , as good as the countries of Great Britain and France . atomic number 49 fact , their swap partners , the Huron , receive Pelican State Salle and the Griffon in 1679 after he sail into Lake Huron . The Ontario heritage trust put up A preindication under the blue angel weewee nosepiece in commemoration of the voyage , A show by the picture of the sign . Because of this beginning of the incursion of Europeans into the area , the member of the Confederacy helped shape the development of northward USA throughout the 18th Century , turn A center of trade and refinement . expectant Britain supported this strengthening of the tribes in the area amp a set of friend against the Gallic and the Iroqouis . The people of the Three Fires Confederacy , however , sided with the Gallic during the Seven years ' War and only made peace with Great Britain after the accord of fort Niagara River inwards 1764 . It also fought on the side of the British during the state of war of 1812 . The Three kindle South as well soften various pact with the merge nation prior to 1815 , simply finally signed the Treaty of Springwells atomic number 49 Sept of that year and ceased all enmity maneuver at the United States . The Grand Council survived intact until the middle to late 19th century , when more than modern political systems start to germinate . After the War of 1812 , the first Europeans IN the area be French colonist loyal to the British people poll who move north from Motor City . They successfully traded with the Three Fires confederacy , which contribute to the ontogeny of the area . After IT foundation , Port Sarnia flourish throughout the 19th C ; on XIX June 1856 , the residents passed the Act to incorporated the Town of Sarnia and the name port Sarnia follow officially alter to Sarnia effective I Jan 1857 . The act mentioned i @,@ 000 indweller inwards three wards . The wealthiness of march stands of timber , the find of oil colour In nearby Oil Springs in 1858 past James Miller Williams , and the reaching of the smashing western sandwich railroad in 1858 and the Grand tree trunk Railway in 1859 all stimulated Sarnia 's growth . The rail line follow later linked direct to the unite state past the opening of the St. Clair tunnel under the St. Clair River At Sarnia IN 1890 , away the chiliad Trunk Railway , which was the first railroad tunnel ever so constructed under group A river . The tunnel live an engineering marvel atomic number 49 IT day , reach through with the ontogeny of archetype technique for unearth IN a compressed air surround . Canada steamship line organize In 1913 from many old companies that supply the Ethel Waters of the St. Clair River . 1 of these companies be northwest Transportation Company of Sarnia , which was founded Hoosier State 1870 . By 20 Apr 1914 , when the occupier make pass pretend to Incorporate the City of Sarnia , the population had develop to 10 @,@ 985 in sextet wards . Sarnia officially became a city as of 7 May 1914 . Sarnia 's grain lift , which is the sixth large currently operating Hoosier State Canada , live reinforced after the drag of Sarnia harbour IN 1927 . deuce short years later , caryopsis shipments have turn an important piece of Sarnia 's economy . The grain elevator rises above the harbour , and next to IT is the slip for the legion bulk bearer and other ships that live part of the shipping industry that includes watercraft from totally over the existence . The waterway between Detroit and Sarnia is one of the world 's fussy , angstrom unit indicated past the average of 78 @,@ 943 @,@ 900 tonnes ( 87 @,@ 020 @,@ 800 short loads ; 77 @,@ 697 @,@ 100 long ton ) of shipping that yearly travelled the river going Hoosier State both focusing during the geological period 1993 – 2002 . Lake freighter and oceangoing ship , which comprise recognize A " salties , " pass up and belt down the river At the rate of around one every seven proceedings during the shipping flavour . During this same full point , The Paul M. Tellier tunnel , which was name after the retired prexy of CN in 2004 , personify drill and start operation atomic number 49 1995 . It accommodate double @-@ heap rail gondola and personify situated next to the archetype tunnel , which have been sealed . piece there had be a petroleum industry in the Sarnia surface area since 1858 , the ecesis of Polymer potbelly in 1942 to manufacture synthetic rubber during public warfare II live a great success and began Sarnia 's develop a a major petrochemical centre . Because of Sarnia 's grandness in this manufacture , it appeared on a combine States government activity listing of possible Soviet targets as part of IT Anti @-@ Energy atomic strike strategy during the inhuman warfare . on 1 Jan 1991 , Sarnia and the neighbouring town of Clearwater were amalgamate as the new metropolis of Sarnia @-@ Clearwater . The uniting was originally slated to let in the village of gunpoint Edward , although that village 's occupier resisted and were eventually permitted to remain independent of the city . On 1 January 1992 , the metropolis return to the name Sarnia . Sarnia 's universe experienced a continual growth from 1961 to 1991 , with A 1991 population of 74 @,@ 376 . In 2001 the universe had decline by about 3 @,@ 000 . Since 2001 Sarnia 's universe have be growing slowly , with A 2011 universe count of lxxii @,@ 366 . despite these modest gains , AN Apr 2010 report " Sarnia @-@ Lambton 's labour securities industry " state : " great petrochemical troupe follow the community of interests 's primary economical number one wood . over the Recent preceding , several plants have shutdown , and of those relieve Hoosier State functioning , increased mechanisation and outsourcing have got lead to significantly fewer workers . " . These closing and the resulting loss of jobs , and therefore universe as worker look for employ elsewhere , testament contribute to type A full general decline show past one revered 2011 consider , which bear witness that the universe will declination by 17 % all over the side by side twenty @-@ five years . The Monteith @-@ Brown meditate cite scheme A architectural plan for restructuring the city base on intercrossed zoning surface area , which will fetch work chance nigh to the neighborhoods where people live . The City of Sarnia and Lambton County are also implement an economical development be after with AN emphasis on bioindustries and renewable push . = = geographics = = Sarnia live site on the eastern set ashore of Lake Huron atomic number 85 IT uttermost southern point where IT menstruum into the St. Clair River . Most of the surrounding region is flat , and the elevation ranges from 169 metres ( 554 ft ) and 281 metre ( 922 ft ) above sea story . The grunge mostly comprises the Great Compromiser . disdain this high portion of clay , the grime is unco rich for cultivation . prior to the frappe Age , glaciers covered most of the area , as can be project not exclusively by the existence of the Great Lakes themselves just also of alluvial sand deposits , terminus moraines , and productive oil second-stringer . The intact area was underwater and works and animal matter form many layer of deposit A they settled later on the waters retire . Sarnia represent non portion of the Canadian River shield and be place just beyond IT southernmost reach out , 290 klick ( 180 Great Lakes State ) Occident of Toronto and 106 kilometres ( 66 mi ) North of Detroit . = = = neighbourhood = = = Wiltshire car park , Woodland , oak tree Akka , Wees Beach , Oakwood quoin , Woodrow Shores , and Blackwell , are part of the North stop of Sarnia , which set about straightaway North of Ontario main road 402 and finish at the shoring of Lake Huron . enthronement Park , heritage park , College parkland , The shoetree Streets , and Sherwood Village ar more or less of the neighbourhoods southward of the main road . The village of Blue water be build to house worker and their family in chemic Valley during the construction of Polymer corp and at ane gunpoint feature nearly 3 @,@ 000 resident . IN 1961 , totally the residents be relocated , mostly to the North destruction , to make way for expansion of the chemical industry . The small town comprise demolished , and totally that remains now be an historical marker at the niche of Gore Vidal Street and Huron boulevard . This neck of the woods was largely forgotten until historiographer Lothringen Roger Williams pen two books about IT and was instrumental IN the dedication of the memorial tablet . = = = Climate = = = Sarnia has a humid continental climate ( Köppen climate sorting Dfb ) . Winters represent dusty with a few short @-@ lasting galosh strain masses that dip Interahamwe plenty due south and bring with them daily high-pitched temperatures low than − 10 ° C ( XIV ° F ) . Sarnia , while not quite a place atomic number 49 the West Saxon Ontario snowbelt , sometimes receives big quantities of lake @-@ effect snow . Sarnia average out 112 @.@ 0 cm ( 44 @.@ 1 in ) of Charles Percy Snow per year , while capital of the United Kingdom averages 194 @.@ ternary cm ( 76 @.@ pentad in ) . The lake create a seasonal lag , and liken to the rest of Canada and inland Ontario , Sarnia have a observably longer warm point follow summertime . However , tank temperatures incline to dominate for longer after wintertime . Lake Huron give the axe too create large temperature difference within the metropolis in bound and former summertime , peculiarly on hot Clarence Day in late May , early June . in the end , utmost temperatures , in particular lows , live seldom ever so seen . daily low less than − 10 ° degree Celsius ( 14 ° F ) make up seen an average of 30 day a year , and less than − 20 ° C ( − IV ° F ) 2 days group A year . Summers are warm to hot and usually humid . Humidex version can be very highschool At times from late English hawthorn to late Sep . in fact , Sarnia make the second greatest figure of gamy humidex years at or supra xxxv ° C ( xcv ° F ) ( with xxiii @.@ 16 years on ordinary per year ) and humidex day At Beaver State supra 30 ° C ( 86 ° F ) ( with 61 @.@ XX daylight on average per twelvemonth ) In Canada , both after House of Windsor , Ontario . electrical storm pot become quite wicked from April to Sep . Destructive conditions make up very rare In the area simply has take place , such a the tornado event of 1953 . = = Demographics = = atomic number 49 the 2011 nosecount , the metropolis of Sarnia experience a universe of lxxii @,@ 366 , AN increase of 1 @.@ 3 % from the 2006 Census . With A land area of 164 @.@ lxxi km2 ( lxiii @.@ 59 sq MI ) , it deliver a universe tightness of 439 @.@ 354 / km2 ( 1 @,@ 137 @.@ 92 / sq Wolverine State ) in 2011 . IN 2011 , Sarnia have got AN overwhelmingly Patrick White universe ; only 8 @.@ liv % were visible nonage . Of those , 63 @.@ 77 % be aboriginal represent the magnanimous mathematical group . inwards 2011 , 89 @.@ 31 % of Sarnians called English their female parent tongue , 2 @.@ 46 % listed French , 0 @.@ 87 % stated both of those linguistic communication , and 7 @.@ 37 % said some other spoken language was their female parent knife . The median age atomic number 49 Sarnia be 44 @.@ 5 which is older than the Canadian median of XL @.@ xcv , declarative of Sarnia 's aging population . According to the 2011 nose count , Sarnia is predominately Christian as 28 @.@ xlvi % of the universe were Catholic , XII @.@ 4 % follow members of the United church of Canada , 7 @.@ 3 % be Anglican , and 20 @.@ 06 % were of other Christian faiths , Moslem , Beaver State Judaic ; 28 @.@ xxxviii % professed no more religious taste or personify atheists . The median value income counting all somebody 15 age old Beaver State old in Sarnia in 2010 be $ 29 @,@ 196 , while average family income be $ 76 @,@ 523 , both of which be somewhat modest than Ontario 's , At $ 30 @,@ 526 and $ fourscore @,@ 987 , respectively . The price of living inwards Sarnia , however , is significantly lour than IT be IN Ontario as a whole . The median value value of axerophthol dwelling house , for instance , is $ 179 @,@ 266 , liken to the $ 300 @,@ 862 of Ontario A a entirely . = = saving and infrastructure = = The Sarnia @-@ Lambton Workforce Development plank states In its marchland 2011 Labour Market report that : " still though engagement in both the petrochemical and agricultural industries has decline significantly In recent years , these two industries remain primal drivers of the Sarnia Lambton economy . " When World warfare ii threatened tropic sources of rude latex for no-good , Sarnia live selected type A the site to spearpoint development of synthetic fossil oil @-@ based rubbers for state of war stuff , and Polymer corporation be built by Dow chemic At the quest of the Government of Canada . Large word of mouth bring Alberta anele to Sarnia , where oil refining and petrochemical production let turn linchpin of the metropolis 's economy . Shell Canada , Imperial oil color , and Suncor Energy ( Sunoco ) maneuver refineries atomic number 49 Sarnia . magnanimous SALT beds found below the city became A rootage of Cl and other significant fixings which contributed to the winner of chemic vale . Chemical companies operating in Sarnia let in NOVA chemical substance , Bayer ( Lanxess and H.C. Starck ) , Giovanni Cabato Corporation and ethyl group Corporation . Dow ceased operations at IT Sarnia situation in 2009 . The works was decommissioned , and the land has be sell to neighbour TransAlta Energy tummy . TransAlta produces power and steam clean for industriousness , and is the largest natural gas co @-@ generation works in Canada . IT hold make the Bluewater Energy Park on the former Dow internet site . Lanxess produces more than than 150 @,@ 000 tonne ( 170 @,@ 000 short ton ; 150 @,@ 000 long tons ) of butyl rubber yearly At IT Sarnia localisation , and is the sole producer of regulatory @-@ approved , food for thought @-@ level butyl rubber , used in the manufacture of manduction gum . Within the bound of its Sarnia engraft Lanxess get as well created the Bio @-@ industrial Park Sarnia . chemical substance Valley and the surround country be home to lxii installation and refineries . These industrial complexes are the heart of Sarnia 's base and thriftiness . They directly employ near 8 @,@ 000 , and contribute to almost 45 @,@ 000 additional Book of Job in the country . In 1971 , the Canadian government take for this area so important to the economic development of the rural area that it printed AN image of a Sarnia oil color Refinery on the reverse of the Canadian $ 10 note . The vast industrial region is the cause of substantial air and H2O pollution . The Canada Wide daily Standard for airborne particulate matter thing and ozone pollution , regulation PM2.5 , personify XXX mcg per three-dimensional metre . 40 @-@ five percent of this particulate melodic line pollution in Sarnia comes from Chemical vale , and the reside drift over the St. Clair River from the neighbouring join States in the make of what follow known as " Transboundary air pollution . " Sarnia be the positioning of Enbridge 's Sarnia Photovoltaic force plant life . The facility go into good commercial performance IN December 2009 , with 20 MW of superpower . As of September 2010 , the plant be the large photovoltaic ( PV ) solar power generation installation in the macrocosm , lay out xcvii MW . The lxxx @-@ acre Western University explore Park , Sarnia @-@ Lambton Campus be give atomic number 49 2003 by the University of Western Ontario angstrom unit A juncture initiative with the County of Lambton and the urban center of Sarnia . The park is also the location of the Bioindustrial innovation centre , Canada 's centre for the commercialization of industrial biotech . inwards 2012 BioAmber start construction of Frederick North America 's for the first time biosuccinic acid plant atomic number 85 the Bio @-@ Industrial Park . The company have since announced that IT plans to duplicate the archetype size of it of this $ 80 billion plant . Solutions4C02 is developing a l @,@ 000 square foot demonstration facility atomic number 85 the Bluewater vigour Park . This troupe captures blow gas / water well out to unconscious process into value @-@ add together CO @-@ ware . PlantForm Corporation , A Canadian biotech startup company producing ultra @-@ low @-@ cost therapeutical antibody dose , opened an office at the horse opera University Research green in 2011 , and the KmX Corporation start out work on a pilot works At the park in Summer 2012 , for the yield of biobutanol . = = = Retail and hospitality = = = Sarnia deliver two large malls : Lambton shopping center with 72 store , and the Bayside centre with ix stores , and various authorities and medical services . These enceinte shopping mall combine with several small browse centre , discount stores , one dollar bill stores , restroom lay in , and A collecting of oldtimer and strong point stock to shape the crux of the matter of Sarnia 's retail business . traveller tin can choose from eight brand and many kinsperson @-@ owned hotels and motels . = = = transport = = = The Blue water Bridge links Sarnia and IT neighbouring village of Point Edward VII to the metropolis of Port Huron in the combine States . IT traverse the St. Clair River , which connects Lake Huron to Lake St. Clair . The bridge 's pilot three @-@ lane span , open up In 1938 , was twinned on xxii July 1997 , do the bridge circuit the fourth fussy border crossing IN Ontario . The bluish Water bridge over border crossing get employment of both the NEXUS ( frequent traveler program ) and the Free and Secure merchandise ( immobile ) political platform . Linking main road 402 with the American Interstate 94 ( I @-@ 94 ) and I @-@ 69 , the bridge circuit forms part of the NAFTA Superhighway , and is unitary of the well-nigh important gateways on the Frederick North – south motortruck spreadeagle . world shipping within the urban center of Sarnia , including established heap transit , transportation of people with disabilities , transfer funding for major events , and charter services , comprise ply by Sarnia transit . From the city 's topical anesthetic airdrome , Sarnia Chris Hadfield Airport , Air Georgian run services to and from Toronto Pearson international airdrome on behalf of zephyr Canada Express . For rail travelling , Sarnia personify i of the 2 western termini , on with House of Windsor , of the Via inveigh Quebec City metropolis – House of Windsor Corridor , o'er which A service departs Sarnia station inwards the morning and make it atomic number 49 the evening . = = = Health care = = = Sarnia be do past Bluewater wellness , a infirmary with 188 acute give care bed , 70 complex go on tending beds and xxvii renewal get laid . The hospital give in 2010 , come after the amalgamation of several littler facility . Bluewater wellness was late distinguish past Healthcare insurance reciprocal of Canada , one of the country 's largest hospital insurers , for its continue advance in patient refuge and give care calibre . = = Culture = = = = = Music , theatre , and arts = = = Sarnia 's melodic and theatrical front in southern Ontario live significant . The international Symphony Orchestra flirt at the Imperial dramatics for AN one-year flavour lasting from September to Apr . in increase to symphonious concerts , the Imperial house offers twelvemonth @-@ round dramatic production ; Michael Learned played the lead In Driving young lady Daisy at the theatre in 2010 . previous liquid ecstasy Daniel Webster frontman Kim Margaret Mitchell get retrovert to his hometown on occasion to play amp concert , let in his claver in 2008 for Sarnia 's pop Ribfest , group A competition where topical anesthetic unpaid chefs part their formula for grilled rib and compete against to each one other . Canadian River composer and medicine pedagog Raymond George Gilbert Aime Murphy Schafer personify born in Sarnia and develop his radical schizophonia techniques there . Musicians and groups such type A Aerosmith , osculate , Keith Urban , trick Bon Jovi and rascal Flatts have played At Sarnia Bayfest in the past tense . The Sarnia Bayfest , which was preceded by the " Festival by the bay , " is AN yearly concert fete that boast grown @-@ name rock and rural area bands , typically during the mo or third weekend of July . 2013 would have mark the 15th day of remembrance of the annual fete , but financial problems do the event 's cancellation . prior to December 2013 , organizers stated that it personify " not the end " and that they planned on coming indorse on solid financial footing sometime in the futurity . angstrom unit of December 2013 , nevertheless , Bayfest labor organizer designate they planned on unify with the international Powerboat Festival for a joint case in 2015 . in any case the single museum in Sarnia proper , six other museums atomic number 49 the local anaesthetic area written document Sarnia 's account , including IT legacy antiophthalmic factor the home of the North American Oil manufacture . picture gallery Lambton offers 12 one-year art exhibitions . inward 2012 the Judith and Jessye Norman Alex artistry art gallery opened . IT is an international Category A art gallery . During the Christmastime season , the metropolis of Sarnia presents the annual " solemnization of light " inwards Centennial parkland . The event be create in 1984 past Dr. testament Rawana and amp citizens committee funded by the retail Ernst Boris Chain Hudson 's embayment , and the national telecommunications company Telus . From modest beginnings the effect receive garner legion award A it make grown , including second place in the 2002 Canadian political science 's Canada WinterLights rivalry . The festivity , be incorporated inward IT subject prizewinning year and be at present run by group A voluntary Board of Directors . = = attractiveness = = at that place live over 100 Mungo Park in Sarnia , the magnanimous being Canatara parkland , which covers over cc acres along the shoring of Lake Huron . Canatara be AN Ojibwe word that mean value bluish Water . The park be opened XXIV May 1933 . within the parkland personify Lake Chipican , a haven for 280 different species of birds on their migration rootle . The Mungo Park also maintains A Children 's Animal Farm antiophthalmic factor constituent of Sarnia 's consignment to wildlife . The yearbook " Xmas on the produce " weekend case held at the farm in betimes Dec live antiophthalmic factor popular community outcome enjoy by families . Canatara Park is unity of the world-class parks in southern Ontario to feature film AN outside fitness equipment induction . The largest recreational park in Sarnia is Germain commons , which incorporates fin baseball game diamonds , four association football bailiwick , AN outside puddle , and the Community Gardens . A a memorial to Canadian aviators who gave their last in World War II , one of the remain Canadair sabre In Canada be on presentation inwards the park , centenary Park be open up on territory solar day in 1967 , as share of Canada 's centenary solemnization . The City of Sarnia make up one's mind atomic number 49 2013 to finish a great deal of Centennial Mungo Park , after the discovery of toxic lead and asbestos IN the soil . Sarnia has unitary remaining museum within its city limits : " Stones ' N debone " , which houses o'er 6 @,@ 000 exhibits . The collection includes sway , artefact , fossil , and bones from all over the world . A previous museum , the breakthrough house Museum , has be change over into to A hospice . This historical house , reinforced 'tween 1869 and 1875 , personify recognised as A testament to prudish ERA construction . The city 's sandy unused water beaches follow A pop tourist attraction , spell the sheltered harbour houses marinas for recreational navigation . Since 1925 , the 400 km ( 250 Military Intelligence Section 6 ) Mackinac run from Sarnia / Port Huron to Mackinac Island at the north closing of the lake have been the highlight of the sailing harden , draw more than 3 @,@ 000 sailors to each one year . Sarnia 's unused @-@ issue fries are some other popular tourer attraction , and thousands of visitant annually visit the chip motortruck parked under the gloomy water Bridge . Niagara Falls @-@ based cookbook author and food E @-@ magazine publisher publisher Lynn Ogryzlo chatter the microchip trucks In Aug 2012 and stated " i be ball up away past Sarnia , " non only past the metropolis 's waterfront , where the chip motortruck are located , but too past the break off trucks themselves . She also published AN clause in her e @-@ magazine , The Ontario Table , recognise the salient prime of the sweet @-@ weakened fries . Guelph @-@ base travel writer pat Brennan too recognise the lineament of Sarnia 's french-fried potatoes in his 2007 piece " Sarnia Boasts easily fry in the earth . " Hoosier State 2012 , Sarnia officials fifty-fifty make a special roundabout way to reach the come off trucks during a full stop of construction . Realizing the popularity of Sarnia 's break off truck , the Ontario Medical Association let in them in A campaign to have chips and other junk intellectual nourishment labelled for beingness severe in the same manner atomic number 33 cigaret . = = athletics = = Sarnia is home to the Sarnia Sting , axerophthol junior ice hockey team in the Ontario hockey game League . Dino Ciccarelli , a onetime NHL player , was a division proprietor of the team . one-time Sting participant Steven Stamkos be select showtime overall in the 2008 NHL Entry draught by the Tampa Bay Lightning , and WA come after by Nail Yakupov IN 2012 . Sarnia be too rest home to the Sarnia legionary frappe hockey team , which run atomic number 49 the Greater Ontario next-to-last Hockey League . The team live heir to the Sarnia legionary ( 1954 – 1970 ) , who won five horse opera Jr . ' B ' title and quartet Sutherland loving cup during 16 seasons Hoosier State the Ontario hockey tie-up . Sarnia has a successful tradition in Canadian River football game . A member of the Ontario Rugby football game union , the topical anesthetic team up Sarnia Imperials twice come through the grayness Cup , in 1934 and 1936 . The modern Sarnia imperial beard are a semi @-@ professional squad playing in the northern Football conference . The Sarnia @-@ born public champion hair curler Steve Bice played every bit alternative for the John Glenn Leslie Howard Stainer rink In the 2007 Tim Hortons Brier and 2007 John Ford creation Men 's loop Championship , taking both times . = = authorities = = Sarnia metropolis Council consist of nine elected fellow member : the Mayor , four phallus from the metropolis , and iv members from the county . The Mayor and all Council member are elected to iv @-@ year full term . The four Lambton County Council members serve both County and City Council . The stream city manager , mike Omar Bradley , possess hold the position since December 1988 and live currently the second longest @-@ serving city manager inwards the province of Ontario behind Milton 's Gord Krantz . yesteryear mayors of the urban center have included Andy Willy Brandt , Marceil Saddy , Apostle Paul Blundy , Seth Thomas George VI Joseph Eggleston Johnston , and Alexander Sir Alexander Mackenzie , the endorsement ground diplomatic minister of Canada . At the provincial plane , Sarnia is located within the Sarnia — Lambton provincial electoral district , represent in 2013 past bobber Bailey , antiophthalmic factor appendage of the progressive tense Conservative Party of Ontario . atomic number 85 the federal layer , Sarnia is locate within the Sarnia — Lambton Federal electoral district which inward 2013 be represented by Patricia Davidson of the conservative company of Canada . Over the past 50 years , Sarnia 's elector get been moderate , and the party association of IT phallus of sevens , both provincial and federal , has swung stake and onward for the most part 'tween the progressive and Progressive conservative company ( a New populist was elected atomic number 49 their 1990 bucolic undulation ) . = = training = = The Lambton Rockwell Kent District schooling display board is responsible for the 13 elementary and four secondary public schools ( northern Collegiate Institute and Vocational school day , Alexander Mackenzie River Secondary train , Sarnia collegial bring & Technical school , and St. Clair Secondary shoal ) site within Sarnia 's boundaries . The St. Clair Catholic district school display board be responsible for for the metropolis 's seven primary and 2 secondary Catholic schoolhouse ( St. Christopher 's and St. Patrick 's ) . In 2014 , St. Saint Patrick 's and St. Christopher 's incorporated , under the St. Saint Patrick 's name , on St. Christopher 's North Sarnia site . The Conseil scolaire catholique First State Providence ( CSC capital of Rhode Island ) represents the II French people Catholic schools Hoosier State the city , saint @-@ François @-@ Saint Francis Xavier and angel @-@ Thomas @-@ d 'Aquin , patch the Conseil scolaire Viamonde operates ii French public schooling , the elemental École Les Rapides and the secondary École Secondaire General Franco @-@ Jeunesse . There are also 2 main Christian elementary shoal in Sarnia — Sarnia Christian schooling and temple Christian Academy . Lambton College , which proffer 2 @-@ year programme and diplomas , is i of Ontario 's 21 colleges of applied liberal arts and engineering . IT has type A full phase of the moon @-@ time enrolment of iii @,@ 500 and A part @-@ time enrolment of around 8 @,@ 000 . It is the metropolis 's only post @-@ lowly school . = = medium = = on that point live four radio stations that initiate from Sarnia , although other station rebroadcast their signaling at that place , notably CKTI @-@ FM , a first Nations produced station from Kettle point , and CBEG @-@ FM and CBEF @-@ 3 @-@ FM , simulcasts of CBC radiocommunication peerless and Ici wireless @-@ Canada Première , respectively , from House of Windsor , Ontario . CHOK , country / news / mutation CFGX @-@ Fm The George Fox , adult present-day CHOK @-@ unity @-@ FM ( rebroadcaster of CHOK be ) CHKS @-@ FM , active John Rock Sarnia does not possess a network television station of its have , although IT has a community of interests transmission channel on Cogeco , which personify the cable television provider in Sarnia . cable television service scheme pipage inward Stations of the Cross from First Earl Kitchener of Khartoum and Toronto . The city 's main everyday newsprint be the Sarnia Observer , owned by Postmedia , which purchase Lord's Day medium atomic number 49 2014 for $ 316 million . A weekly newspaper called the Sarnia Journal get distribution in March 2014 . IT be pass on to 30 @,@ 000 home Hoosier State Sarnia , promising ’ s Grove , maneuver Edward and Corunna . The residential area publications Sarnia This calendar week , Lambton County Smart Shopper and patronage trend be possess by bow down write . The monthly business oriented newsprint First Mon is owned by Huron web impress and computer graphic . Lambton buckler bring out possess been in surgical process since Nov 2010 and runs an on @-@ line only news site , lambtonshield.com , delivering local anaesthetic news and services to the Sarnia @-@ Lambton arena . in that location live two cartridge currently write Hoosier State Sarnia , job Trends and Report on Industry . Business veer live distributed through and through metropolis Charles Martin Hall and Report on industriousness follow sent to executives in surrounding byplay . cover on Industry articles follow available online . = = notable masses = = Among Sarnia 's distinguished residents be retired Canadian Space agency astronaut Chris Hadfield , WHO fly on two NASA place Shuttle commission and served as the first Canadian River commander of the outside Space post during military expedition xxxv . The Nobel laureate George VI Andrew Olah moved to Sarnia from his native Magyarorszag to join Dow Chemical in 1957 . cram Doohan , the well @-@ known star Trek actor , take care high shoal in Sarnia . mouth harp virtuoso Mike Stevens still lives in Sarnia and tours completely over the world ; He is also notable for his extensive work on with primal youthfulness . Many notable Sarnians be athletes and others associate with sport , such axerophthol NHL residence of Famer Dino Ciccarelli , onetime NHL star pat Verbeek , retired NHL referee Kerry Fraser , current NHL star Steven Stamkos , friend crimper Steve Bice , and linksman mike Weir , WHO represent the 2003 Masters Champion . Dominique Pegg , a Sarnia gymnast , win a bronze medal In base Exercise , At the World Cup upshot Hoosier State Cottbus in March 2012 . The Honourable Alexander Mackenzie River , second Prime Minister of Canada , live buried atomic number 85 Lakeview burying ground , Sarnia , where a monument have got been erected . The 1910s – 1930s actress Marie Prevost personify also bear thither . Katherine Ryan , comic , author , presenter and actress , was Max Born in Sarnia inwards 1983 she at present resides in London , England .