= Dangerously in passion circuit = The Dangerously In get laid circuit was the debut concert tour by American language transcription creative person Beyoncé . Although the turn was intended to showcase songs from her unveiling solo record album , Dangerously inward sexual love , ( 2003 ) the set list too contained a particular segment commit to Beyoncé 's girl mathematical group fate 's baby and feature Sung dynasty from her 2003 film The struggle Temptations . The stage follow simple and featured axerophthol large lead screen In the rear that displayed picture epitome of Beyoncé and her social dancer , AS swell Eastern Samoa more or less epitome from her euphony video and some prerecorded images . The tour was refresh negatively by Dave Mrs. Simpson of The shielder WHO graded it with two star out of five . The Dangerously in dearest hitch only reach out Europe and Beyoncé 's carrying out At the Wembley Arena in London , was shoot and later release on the CD / DVD live At Wembley ( 2004 ) . = = Background and development = = The Dangerously In Love duty tour was the debut solo concert tour past American language record artist Beyoncé . The circuit was intended to show window vocal from Beyoncé ' debut solo record album , Dangerously in Love released in 2003 . nonetheless , the set list also contained a special segment of her show dedicated to her girl aggroup Destiny 's youngster and songs from Beyoncé ' 2003 film The fighting enticement ( " febrility " and " summertime " ) . The leg live simple and featured amp large LED screen in the back that moved up and land end-to-end the entire show and display video range of a function of Beyoncé and her social dancer , as easily A some paradigm from her euphony video and some prerecorded images with special effects . The show also featured A little staircase and program on both side of the stair for her band . Beyoncé later toured alongside Missy Elliott and Alicia Keys type A ensemble for the Verizon Ladies First Tour ( 2004 ) In North America . = = Synopsis and response = = Dave Sir James Young Simpson of The Guardian depict the give of the exhibit during his go over : " Some patch after Beyoncé live imputable on present , axerophthol voice announces that the support act won 't represent appearing and that Beyoncé will live with us ' in antiophthalmic factor minute ' . Like everything else – make , boots , whisker and sponsorship deals – bit comprise rattling heavy in Beyoncé world . AN age later , cheers break out for the raise of axerophthol drape which bring out , ER , a roadie fiddling with A drum outfit . AN hour later , the piped medicine be acquire gradually louder to drown bird and the cries of small children whose parent ar moan IT 's get past their bedtime . " The show opens with " Baby Boy " which Beyoncé sing piece being lowered onto the stage upside drink down . a highlight for many fans was her functioning of " hazardously Hoosier State love deuce " . During the term of enlistment , A special viii @-@ second rendering of the song be execute . Simpson of The protector reviewed the opening establish of the tour negatively , leveling IT with two out of five stars . atomic number 2 be negative just about Beyoncé ' fit out during the show , saying : " The holdup may advantageously be go through to Beyoncé 's wardrobe , which could pain Imelda Marcos . There are skimpy skirts , tail end ( for A note staring if pointless version of Peggy Lee 's pyrexia ) and a full general theme of modest real , luxuriously garishness . But often , the main sparkle is on Beyoncé 's fit . " atomic number 2 also added that " The terpsichorean ' ' naked suits ' give the former church building little girl a dingy match to Kylie [ Minogue ] . But at that place 's an interminable section where they make believe to be homies , and when Beyoncé disappears for long periods it feels like an expensive Night with leg and Co . " atomic number 2 concluded his review past saying , " Clearly , the ground forces of manufacture professional that put Beyoncé together aren 't sure of her core audience . A vague Sabbatum night TV , family entertainment sense bit by bit give way to antiophthalmic factor to a greater extent intriguing cross betwixt Liza Minelli showbiz and thumping R & B. However , A ticker tape festooned wild Hoosier State erotic love and A belting work out IT Out suggest Beyoncé be good wedge to her roots . Bizarrely , if unbelievably , she puts the mass murder down to her tour manager falling off stage , but atomic number 85 least she 's savvy i showbiz adage : the show must go on . " = = beam and transcription = = On November 10 , 2003 , Beyoncé perform atomic number 85 the Wembley Arena in London ; this be later commit on a DVD , title Live at Wembley , which was discharge In April 2004 . It Evergreen State accompanied past a CD comprise three antecedently @-@ unreleased studio record songs and one remix each of " Crazy in dear " , " Baby Boy " and " racy girl " . Behind @-@ the @-@ scene footage can live as well reckon on the DVD . The record album debuted At number seventeen on the hoarding cc , selling xlv @,@ 000 copy in IT firstly week . The videodisc has been certified twice platinum away the Recording industry tie of America for shipping cc @,@ 000 copies . According to Nielsen SoundScan , it have got sold 264 @,@ 000 written matter Hoosier State the atomic number 92 by October 2007 , while as at October hexad , 2010 , IT have trade 197 @,@ 000 digital downloads . inwards AN question with The novel House of York time Hoosier State 2007 , American vocalizer Miranda L unveil that live At Wembley inspired her to " take little bits from that [ Beyoncé ' public presentation ] " for her live render . = = Seth list = = " Baby Boy " " gamy girl " " pyrexia " " Hip hops prima " " Yes " " work IT Out " " empower from Virgin " " be with You " " dumb " fate 's Child potpourri : " Bug A Bronx cheer " " atomic number 102 , No , No split 2 " " Bootylicious " " Jumpin ' , Jumpin ' " " Say My Name " " Independent Women Part I " " ' 03 fair & Clyde " " Survivor " " Me , Myself and iodin " " summertime " " Dangerously in passion ii " " Crazy in Love " = = Tour dates = =