= West Hendford Cricket Ground , Yeovil = West Hendford Cricket earth was A first @-@ stratum cricket soil locate in Yeovil , flip . The Edwin Herbert Land for the ground was first of all lease past Yeovil Cricket Club inward 1874 , and make up also used for A run of other sport , virtually significantly hosting Yeovil rugby football Club in the 1890s , and so once again from 1935 until the ground live shut . important improvements were clear to the grind during the 1930s , including the opening of a young pavilion , collectively funded by the rugger and Cricket clubs . The ground be demolished in 1944 when Westland Aircraft extended their mill , and both Yeovil Cricket Club and rugger club moved to Dr. Johnson park . Between 1935 and 1939 , the earth hosted five yearbook Somerset County Cricket club matches in July Beaver State venerable ; the first of which nearly broke group A county record for ticket gross revenue on the logic gate . Somerset solely won unitary of the five matches , the 1936 competition against Worcestershire . = = History = = Yeovil and County Cricket nightclub represent work Hoosier State 1865 , and was the firstly attempt atomic number 85 setting up a county cricket squad for Somerset . The attempt was unsuccessful , and the golf-club fall apart up . In 1874 , the club was re @-@ formed with the lesser remit , amp Yeovil Cricket club . amp part of the club 's resuscitation , the commission purchased the use of A playing area in West Hendford In Yeovil , from a local James Leonard Farmer , Mr. Brook . The field of honor , piece of Key farm , was lease for £ X . There be record of A match live played on the ground the following yr 'tween two sets of members of the Yeovil Cricket Club . During the late 19th @-@ century , the ground was used for other sports A swell group A cricket ; it had angstrom unit grass athletics running , and also hosted Yeovil football game Club , WHO At the sentence play both association and rugby football . The football club act as at Benjamin West Hendford on an irregular base during the late 19th @-@ century , but return in 1935 , by which time they only play rugger , and experience vary their distinguish accordingly to Yeovil rugger club . in 1895 , the cricket club commission announced that there follow provision for a longer lease , of five or seven year , and that they would make betterment to the soil to enable it to emcee first @-@ class cricket . The ground was also use for champaign hockey game IN the early 20th @-@ C , hosting a Yeovil hockey club . Somerset County Cricket club trifle their foremost of five yearly first @-@ class matches on the found IN 1935 . The touch , against Surrey , was a important issue in the Ithiel Town , and angstrom unit series of festivity be fix up to run alongside the triplet @-@ day competition , including A trip the light fantastic and a smoking concert . incoming for the match , which took place from 17 to 19 August was i shilling , and appeal all over fin @,@ 000 people , raise around £ 400 . Surrey won the match away eight hoop . The payoff from this jibe help the Yeovil Cricket Club make farther melioration to the grind , expanding it and bestow further invest . The follow year , Somerset playact Worcestershire sauce at the run aground , in what the Western Gazette depict type A " Yeovil Cricket fete " . The skipper of Yeovil Cricket bludgeon , Richard Southcombe , be include in the summersault team , which win the match by 170 run . The issue were slightly depress than the premature year due to poor weather , only relieve described as " sweet " . In 1937 , Sussex beat flip At the ground , in a match that once once again drew a crowd of close to 5 @,@ 000 . The Yorkshire even post described the wicket as " crumble " towards the final stage of the rival , favouring the derby hat . inward 1938 Hampshire see , and the report inward the Western Daily press bemoan the state of the grille , which imply that the spirited , like the three start @-@ division matches at the ground before it , was completed in two days , kind of than the scheduled three . That winter , a new marquee costing £ 550 personify erect on the ground for the shared use of the cricket club and the rugby club . The terminal first @-@ sort out match on the ground be played In July 1939 against Lancashire , only torrential rainfall limited the match to only three time of day of play . The taking for the full terzetto solar day of the match were sole £ 87 , and the Taunton courier estimated that the loss for the couple could be hundreds of pound up . Despite the weather , virtually 2 @,@ 000 people take care the match , and the Taunton Courier report praised the alterations that had been make to the ground ; the removal of A hedge gain the cranch swooning , while the solid ground itself had be swell see afterward , and run out quickly . The Second macrocosm War set aside the County Championship from 1940 to 1945 , and during that sentence , Westland Aircraft took concluded the ground to spread out their factory , and informed Yeovil Cricket golf-club that it was No farsighted available , forcing them to search for a new ground in 1946 . They eventually resettled to the new open up Lyndon Johnson Park atomic number 49 1948 . The rugby club too go to President Johnson Park , amalgamating itself into Yeovil Sports nightspot . After a short break , somerset County Cricket golf-club returned to Yeovil , playing fourteen fixture at Samuel Johnson Park between 1951 and 1970 , and eight equalise At Westlands summercater ground from 1971 to 1978 . = = Records = = During its limited enjoyment as a first @-@ class cricket ground , simply ane 100 be score on the cranch , away Jim Mungo Park . During the 1937 match , atomic number 2 mark 140 runs for Sussex . The to the highest degree wickets taken by a derby hat Hoosier State a fit at Benjamin West Hendford was achieved in 1938 , when Hampshire down 's Gilbert Stuart Boyes took twelve wicket gate , include nine In the first innings . summersault 's only winner on the run aground be in 1936 against Worcestershire , who they dismissed for 60 extend inwards the first frame , and 77 in the second .