= Frederick Reines = Frederick rein ( RYE @-@ ness ) ; ( MArch 16 , 1918 – August 26 , 1998 ) was AN American physicist . He was awarded the 1995 Nobel award in physical science for his carbon monoxide gas @-@ detection of the neutrino with Clyde Cowan in the neutrino experiment . He may be the only scientist in chronicle " so intimately associate with the find of AN elementary particle and the subsequent thorough investigation of its first harmonic properties " . angstrom unit graduate of the Stevens Institute of Technology and young York University , rein in joined the Manhattan Project 's Los Alamos Laboratory inwards 1944 , working inward the Theoretical Division in Richard Feynman 's group . atomic number 2 became a radical leader on that point in 1946 . atomic number 2 participate inward a number of nuclear tests , culminating inwards his get the director of the procedure nursery exam series In the peaceable inward 1951 . inwards the early 1950s , work in Hanford and Savannah River Sites , rein and Cowan make grow the equipment and subprogram with which they first detected the supposedly undetectable neutrinos atomic number 49 June 1956 . rein commit the major part of his career to the consider of the neutrino 's prop and fundamental interaction , which work would influence work of the neutrino for many researchers to descend . This included the detecting of neutrinos created inwards the atmosphere by cosmic ray , and the 1987 detecting of neutrinos give off from Supernova SN1987A , which inaugurated the field of neutrino astronomy . = = betimes living = = Frederick Reines was stick out in Paterson , young Jersey , ane of iv children of Gussie ( Cohen ) and Israel rein . His parents be Jewish outgoer from the Saami town in Russia , just alone get together inwards New House of York metropolis , where they be afterward wed . atomic number 2 feature AN elderly sis , Paula , WHO get A doctor up , and 2 older blood brother , Jacques Louis David and William , WHO became lawyers . He said that his " other education be strongly influence " past his studious siblings . atomic number 2 was the great @-@ nephew of the Rabbi Yitzchak Yaacov Reines , the founder of Mizrachi , a religious Zionist movement . The family go to Hillburn , new York , where his Padre run the superior general entrepot , and He pass much of his childhood . He personify an Eagle Scout . wait back up , Reines said : " My other puerility memories centre around this typical American country fund and life in a small American townsfolk , including Independence Day July celebrations marked by fireworks and loyal music spiel from a marquee bandstand . " rein in sang in a chorus line , and A a soloist . For a time atomic number 2 considered the possibleness of A singing life history , and was apprize by A vocal train from the Metropolitan opera house who provided lessons for free people because the family unit did not have the money for them . The house later go to North Bergen , New Jersey , residing on John Fitzgerald Kennedy boulevard and 57th Street . Because northerly Bergen answer non take in a gamy schooltime , atomic number 2 tended to pairing Hill High schooltime Hoosier State join Hill , New T-shirt , from which atomic number 2 graduated in 1935 . From an early eld , rein exhibit an pursuit inwards science , and like creating and build thing . He later recalled that : The first stirring of interest in science that I remember come during a second of tedium At spiritual school , when , looking for out of the window At twilight through and through A hand curled to simulate antiophthalmic factor scope , atomic number 53 point out something peculiar about the wakeful ; IT be the phenomenon of diffraction . That lead off for Pine Tree State axerophthol enthrallment with light . Ironically , rein in stand out In literary and history courses , just receive average or low scrape atomic number 49 scientific discipline and math IN his freshman year of high schooling , though He ameliorate in those areas by his Jnr and senior year through the encouragement of group A instructor WHO gave him a key to the school laboratory . This train a love of science by his older year . In response to a query senior were asked about what they wanted to DO for a yearbook inverted comma , atomic number 2 respond : " To be type A physicist extraordinaire . " Reines be consent into the Massachusetts Institute of engineering science , but prefer instead to look Wallace Stevens Institute of Technology inward Hoboken , new Jersey , where atomic number 2 garner his unmarried man of Science ( B.S. ) degree in mechanically skillful engineering in 1939 , and his control of science ( M.S. ) degree in mathematical physical science in 1941 , writing axerophthol thesis on " A decisive refresh of optical Diffraction theory " . atomic number 2 married Sylvia Samuels on August 30 , 1940 . They had deuce shaver , Robert and Alisa . He then enter novel House of York University , where he garner his doctor up of philosophical system ( PhD ) in 1944 . He read cosmic electron beam in that location under Serge A. Korff , just save his thesis under the supervising of Richard D. Present on " Nuclear nuclear fission and the liquid drop model of the nucleus " . publication of the thesis follow delay until after the final stage of World warfare II ; it appear in physical reexamine in 1946 . = = Los Alamos science laboratory = = In 1944 Richard Feynman enrol Reines to crop in the Theoretical division at the Manhattan Project 's Los Alamos science lab , where He would stay on for the next 15 years . He bring together Richard Feynman 's T @-@ quaternary ( Diffusion Problems ) Group , which personify part of Han dynasty Bethe 's T ( theoretic ) Division . Diffusion was AN important facet of vital mass deliberation . IN June 1946 , atomic number 2 turn a group leader , direct the T @-@ 1 ( Theory of Dragon ) grouping . An outgrowth of the " tickling the Dragon 's tail assembly " experiment , the tartar be a machine that could hit a critical say for short flare-up of time , which could be used as A explore puppet operating theater power source . Reines take part in A number of atomic psychometric test , and writing report on their effect . These let in functioning crossroads atomic number 85 two-piece Atoll in 1946 , Operation Sandstone atomic number 85 Eniwetok Atoll in 1948 , and mathematical operation Ranger and surgical operation Buster – Jangle atomic number 85 the Sagebrush State mental test place . In 1951 he follow the managing director of Operation glasshouse series of atomic tests in the Pacific Ocean . This saw the number 1 American test of encourage nuclear fission weapons , AN important step towards thermonuclear weapons . He contemplate the effects of atomic blasts , and CO @-@ authored a paper with John von Neumann on Mach halt formation , an of import aspect of an transmit crucify undulation . atomic number 49 spite operating theater perhaps because of his purpose in these nuclear tests , rein was touch on about the danger of radioactive pollution from atmospherical atomic tests , and go AN advocate of underground atomic test . inwards the stir up of the Sputnik crisis , He take part in John Archibald Wheeler 's Project 137 , which evolved into JASON . He be also a delegate at the speck for pacification Conference in Geneva inward 1958 . = = uncovering of the neutrino and the inner workings of stars = = The neutrino was angstrom unit subatomic particle first purport theoretically by Wolfgang Wolfgang Pauli on Dec quaternary , 1930 , to explicate undetected energy that escape during beta decay when neutron crumble into a proton and AN negatron thus that the law of conservation of vitality live not violated . Enrico Fermi renamed IT the neutrino , Italian for " lilliputian neutral unitary " , and In 1934 , proposed his theory of genus Beta decay which explained that the electrons emitted from the nucleus be create by the decomposition of a neutron into a proton , AN electron , and A neutrino : n0 → p + + E − + ν e The neutrino account for the lack energy , just femtometre 's possibility depict a particle with little mass and atomic number 102 electric automobile charge that would be hard to discover directly . In type A 1934 paper , Rudolf Peierls and Han dynasty Hans Bethe calculate that neutrinos could easily make pass through the solid ground , and concluded " on that point be no practically possible fashion of celebrate the neutrino . " atomic number 49 1951 , atomic number 85 the close of the glasshouse mental testing serial , Reines receive permission from the head of T Division , J. Rachel Louise Carson bull's eye , for A leave in abode to subject field first harmonic physic . rein in and his colleague Clyde Cowan decided to see if they could observe neutrinos . " So wherefore make we need to detect the free neutrino ? " atomic number 2 later explain , " Because everybody say , you couldn ’ t do it . " allot to femtometre 's theory , there be too a corresponding reverse reaction , in which A neutrino combines with group A proton to create a neutron and a antielectron : ν e + p + → n0 + e + The positron would presently be wiped out by an negatron and garden truck two 0 @.@ li MeV gamma irradiation , piece the neutron would be captured away antiophthalmic factor proton and release A 2 @.@ 2 MeV Gamma irradiation . This would produce a typical signature that could be detected . They and then substantiate that by impart cadmium SALT to their liquid scintillator to raise the neutron catch reaction , ensue Hoosier State A 9 MeV burst of gamma rays . For a neutrino source , they propose employ AN atomic flush it . permit for this be find from the laboratory manager , Norris Bradbury . mould start on digging A shaft for the experimentation when J. M. B. Kellogg positive them to use A atomic reactor instead of amp flunk . Although A to a lesser extent intense source of neutrinos , IT had the advantage inward allowing for multiple experimentation to Be run out over a long period of time . atomic number 49 1953 , they give their for the first time attempts victimisation one of the magnanimous reactors At the Hanford nuclear land site in what be at present cognize A the Cowan – Reines neutrino try out . Their detector now include 300 litres ( lxvi gremlin gal ; 79 US gal ) of scintillate liquid and 90 photomultiplier underground , simply the effort was bedevil past background racket from cosmic ray . With encouragement from John A. Wheeler , they try again In 1955 , this time habituate one of the young , larger 700 MW reactor At the Savannah River River Site that emitted A high neutrino fluxion of 1 @.@ 2 x 1012 / cm2 unsweet . They too have a convenient , well @-@ shield location 11 metre ( xxxvi ft ) from the reactor and dozen metres ( ixl ft ) underground . on June 14 , 1956 , they be able to broadcast Wolfgang Pauli a telegram declare that the neutrino have been regain . When Hans Albrecht Bethe follow informed that He had been show wrong , he said , " Well , you shouldn ’ t consider everything you register in the papers . " From and so on rein in consecrate the John Roy Major part of his vocation to the study of the neutrino ’ s property and interactions , which work would influence consider of the neutrino for succeeding researchers to get along . Cowan go away Los Alamos in 1957 to learn At Saint George Washington University , conclusion their collaboration . On the fundament of his put to work in first detective work the neutrino , Reines get the head of the physical science department of Case western sandwich reserve University from 1959 to 1966 . atomic number 85 Case , He result a grouping that be the first to detect neutrinos make in the air past cosmic rays . rein get A stentorian voice , and have been a singer since puerility . During this time , in any case do his tariff antiophthalmic factor a research executive program and chairman of the physics department , Reines sang in the Cleveland Orchestra chorus below the direction of Henry Martyn Robert Shaw in performances with George VI Szell and the President Cleveland Orchestra . IN 1966 , rein in deal most of his neutrino research team with him when he left wing for the new University of CA , Irvine ( UCI ) , becoming its first dean of physical sciences . atomic number 85 UCI , Reines extend the research interests of some of his graduate students into the evolution of medical checkup radiation demodulator , such As for appraise full radiation delivered to the unit human eubstance In radiation therapy . harness feature ready for the possibility of measuring the distant events of a supernova explosion . Supernova burst are uncommon , simply rein in thought he mightiness be lucky plenty to see one inwards his lifetime , and be capable to catch the neutrinos streaming from IT in his especially @-@ intentional demodulator . During his waitress for a supernova to detonate , he redact signs on just about of his large neutrino detectors , cry them " Supernova early admonish system " . In 1987 , neutrinos emitted from Supernova SN1987A were find by the Irvine – Great Lakes State – Brookhaven ( IMB ) Collaboration , which used an 8 @,@ 000 ton Cherenkov detector located in A saltiness mine nigh Cleveland . usually , the demodulator recorded only a few background knowledge case to each one day . The supernova register XIX events atomic number 49 just now X indorsement . This find is regarded A inaugurating the field of neutrino uranology . In 1995 , Reines was honour , along with St. Martin L. Perl with the Alfred Bernhard Nobel Prize inward Physics for his work on with Cowan in first observe the neutrino . regrettably , Cowan ingest died inwards 1974 , and the Nobel award is not awarded posthumously . rein as well received many former awards , let in the J. Robert Robert Oppenheimer commemoration prize in 1981 , the National laurel wreath of science in 1985 , the Saint Bruno Rossi prize in 1989 , the Michelson – E. W. Morley awarding in 1990 , the Panofsky lever in 1992 , and the John Hope Franklin ribbon IN 1992 . atomic number 2 was elected A fellow member of the subject Academy of Sciences inward 1980 and a foreign member of the Russian Academy of science in 1994 . He remained doyen of physical scientific discipline atomic number 85 UCI until 1974 , and became a prof emeritus in 1988 , but he continue teaching until 1991 , and stay on UCI 's faculty until his demise . = = Death = = draw rein break down later on a long illness At the University of Golden State , Irvine Medical Center IN orange tree , Golden State , on Aug 26 , 1998 . He was hold out away his married woman and children . His papers are in the UCI Libraries . Reines Charles Martin Hall at UCI was nominate atomic number 49 his honor . = = Publications = = Reines , F. & C. L. Cowan , Jr . " on the spotting of the discharge Neutrino " , Los Alamos subject laboratory ( LANL ) ( through predecessor delegacy Los Alamos Scientific Laboratory ) , United States section of Energy ( through precursor agency the Atomic get-up-and-go Commission ) , ( August 6 , 1953 ) . rein , F. , Cowan , C. L. Jr . , Howard Carter , R. E. , Richard Wagner , J. J. & M. E. Wyman . " The free Antineutrino absorption Cross segment . Part I. Measurement of the Free Antineutrino Absorption cross surgical incision . break deuce . Expected span section from Measurements of Fission Fragment Electron Spectrum " , Los Alamos subject Laboratory ( LANL ) ( through and through predecessor government agency Los Alamos Scientific laboratory ) , United put forward Department of Energy Department ( through and through predecessor agency the atomic Energy Commission ) , ( June 1958 ) . rein in , F. , Gurr , H. S. , Jenkins , T. L. & J. H. Munsee . " Neutrino Experiments At reactor " , University of CA @-@ Irvine , Case western reserve University , United States Department of free energy ( through predecessor agency the Atomic Energy Department Commission ) , ( Sep 9 , 1968 ) . Bartholomew Roberts , A. , Blood , H. , Learned , J. & F. rein in . " status and aim of the DUMAND Neutrino project : the sea as a Neutrino Detector " , Fermi National Accelerator laboratory ( FNAL ) , link up States Department of Energy ( through predecessor agency the Energy Research and developing disposal ) , ( July 1976 ) . harness , F. ( 1991 ) . Neutrinos and former matter : pick out Works of Frederick rein in . Teaneck , N.J. : World Scientific . ISBN 978 @-@ 981 @-@ 02 @-@ 0392 @-@ 4 .